 http://bayimg.com/KabgbAAdE

A Shock to the System (1990)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100602/

A Shock to the System (1990) is a U.S. comedy crime thriller film directed by Jan Egleson, starring Michael Caine, Swoosie Kurtz, Elizabeth McGovern, and Peter Riegert. It is based on the 1984 novel A Shock to the System by British author Simon Brett.

  Michael Caine  ...  Graham Marshall  
  Elizabeth McGovern  ...  Stella Anderson  
  Peter Riegert  ...  Robert Benham  
  Swoosie Kurtz  ...  Leslie Marshall  
  Will Patton  ...  Lt. Laker  
  Jenny Wright  ...  Melanie O'Conner  
  John McMartin  ...  George Brewster  
  Barbara Baxley  ...  Lillian  
  Haviland Morris  ...  Tara Liston  
  Philip Moon  ...  Henry Park  

A brilliantly modulated, witty and nasty black comedy with Michael Caine as Graham Marshall, an outwardly friendly but cold-hearted New York ad man who simply eliminates the people in his life who inconvenience him.

The third-person narration (spoken by Caine) has the tone of a children's fairy tale (He felt that he was losing his magic), and the movie does play like a Grimm story updated. Sensing that he's got a plum role, Caine plays it to malicious perfection. We fear for the smug little yuppie (Peter Riegert) who's snagged the promotion Graham wanted even as we're rooting for Graham to do him in. 

It's Caine's show, but other performers — Swoosie Kurtz as Graham's perpetually disappointed wife, Elizabeth McGovern as his smart, sensual lover, and John McMartin (looking as though he'd stepped out of a Howard Chaykin drawing) as a weary, bitter corporate veteran whose time has passed — are also given room to sparkle.

With no graphic violence or sex, no cheap commercial hooks, and absolutely no respect for niceness, this is a dazzling valentine to moviegoers who've been beaten down again and again by the cloying, grab-you-by-the-lapels conventions of Hollywood — a true adult film.

This is a devilishly on-target black comedy about corporate politics, generational conflict, money fever, and what happens in the office when cutthroat competition becomes the norm. Michael Caine gives a spiffy performance as a middle-aged New York executive who is understandably upset when the big promotion he's been waiting for is given to a young, smug, wheeler-dealer (Robert Riegert). Caine decides to fight back, imagining himself as a modern-day sorcerer who eliminates all those who do not acknowledge his power. Andrew Klavan's sharp-edged screen adaptation of Simon Brett's novel makes A Shock to the System both involving and compelling. Director Jan Egleson also draws out top-drawer performances from the supporting cast, including Swoosie Kurtz as Caine's nagging wife, Elizabeth McGovern as his lover, and John McMartin as an executive cast aside in corporate realignment. 

