Poison – Look What The Cat Dragged In
Vinyl rip in 24-bit/192kHz (presented in 24/96 & 16/44.1) | FLAC | m3u, cue & Tech Log
Artwork | DR Analysis | 707 / 221 mb incl. recovery | FSonic, FF & WU | Rock | 1986
Mastered by Joe Reagoso & Ron McMaster @ Capitol Studios, Hollywood
Friday Music 180g LP / Cat.#: FRM 46735
*
… it’s that ridiculous, good-time excess that keeps Look What the Cat Dragged In’scatchiest songs, especially the party anthems “Talk Dirty to Me” and “I Want Action,” just as much fun today, if not more so.

- Steve Huey/AMG (4/5 Stars)

Look What the Cat Dragged In is the debut studio album by American glam metal band Poison, released in 1986 through the Enigma label of Capitol Records.Though not a success at first, the album steadily built momentum and peaked at #3 on The Billboard 200 on 23 May 1987 . The album spawned four singles, three of them charting successfully: “Talk Dirty to Me”, “I Want Action”, “I Won’t Forget You”, and “Cry Tough”. The album is a prime example of the glam metal genre both musically and image-wise. The album ultimately has sold 4 million copies worldwide, one of their best-selling albums.The album was certified Gold in 1987 and 3x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA in 1990. The album has been certified by BPI silver and by CAN platinum.
Musical style

Described by Revolver Magazine as “oversexed, under-thought, and relentlessly fun”, the album’s style is often described as “glam metal” and was strongly influenced by East-Coast bands such as KISS and Aerosmith. It is a sound dominated by simple distorted power chords and catchy melodies. Reflecting a period before the band’s music began to take on the influence of Californian, Van Halen styled stadium rock, the album is characterized by more traditional heavy metal sounds.

Production and marketing

The record was described by vocalist Bret Michaels as a “glorified demo”. It was recorded at Music Grinder Studios in Los Angeles, California with producer Ric Browde in twelve days, for a cost of US $23,000, part of which was funded from the pockets of the band members and their families.

The front cover of the album featured the members of Poison at their most “glam”, with each sporting excessive make-up, thick girlish hair, and the pouting “kiss” pose which was to become a Poison trademark. The cover is often compared to Mötley Crüe’s Shout at the Devil because of the similar album cover, but it also may or may not have represented a loose parody of the cover of The Beatles’ Let It Be, or perhaps more likely, Van Halen’s debut album.

Themes and tracks

The album’s themes are ambition (“Cry Tough”), lust (“I Want Action”, “Talk Dirty to Me”, “Want Some, Need Some”), sexual frustration (“Blame It on You”), love lost (“I Won’t Forget You”), and, most importantly, anti-social behavior (“No. 1 Bad Boy”, “Look What the Cat Dragged In”, “Let Me Go to the Show” and “Play Dirty”). “Talk Dirty to Me” was written by guitarist C. C. DeVille prior to his joining the band. DeVille played it to Bret Michaels, Rikki Rockett and Bobby Dall during his audition for the role as the band’s guitarist. “Talk Dirty to Me” has been covered by several bands, including Children of Bodom and Reel Big Fish. It is also included as a playable cover track in Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, with Michaels re-recording the vocals.


Track listing

All songs written by Bret Michaels, C.C. DeVille, Bobby Dall and Rikki Rockett

“Cry Tough” – 3:35
“I Want Action” – 3:04
“I Won’t Forget You” – 3:34
“Play Dirty” – 4:06
“Look What the Cat Dragged In” – 3:11
“Talk Dirty to Me” – 3:43
“Want Some, Need Some” – 3:38
“Blame It on You” – 2:31
“#1 Bad Boy” – 3:14
“Let Me Go to the Show” – 2:45
.
Band members
Bret Michaels – lead vocals
C.C. DeVille – lead guitar
Bobby Dall – bass
Rikki Rockett – drums



Technical Log
RCM Hannl ‘limited’ with “Rotating Brush”
Music Hall MMF 9.1 Turntable
Tonearm: Pro-Ject 9cc evo with Pure Silver Wires
Cartridge: Nagaoka MP-500
Brocksieper Phonomax (Tube Phono PreAmp)
E-MU 0404 external USB 2.0 Audiointerface
Interconnections : Silent Wire NF5
WaveLab 6 recording software
iZotope RX Advanced 2.00 for resampling and dithering

Vacuum cleaning > TT > Brocksieper Phonomax > E-MU 0404 > WaveLab 6 (24/192) > manual click removal >
analyze (no clipping, no DC Bias offset) > converted to 24/96 (16/44.1) with iZotope RX Advanced 2.00
> split into individual Tracks > FLAC encoded (Vers. 1.21)

No silence been removed, please burn gapless to match original tracklayout.

.
Ripping Note
Perfectly pressed new & sealed record. I just give it a standard washing on my RCM and had to rmove just a few minor clicks. That’s it!!!

