Your Personal Typing Tutor
Meet TypingMaster Pro, the personal touch typing tutor that adapts to your unique needs. The program provides customized exercises and helpful feedback to guide you step by step to professional keyboarding. As a result your typing speed will increase significantly saving you a lot of valuable work time.

Adjusts to Your Progress
At every stage training is adjusted to your personal progress. Weak spots are pinpointed and rapidly eliminated with additional exercises. Thanks to this personal approach you can put your new skills into action after only 3 to 5 hours of training.

The Benefits of Touch Typing:-
---------------------------------------------
With TypingMaster Pro you can learn the touch typing technique and bring your keyboarding to a whole new level.

Your typing will become as easy and fluent as speaking, enabling you to complete writing tasks with a new level of efficiency. You will save loads of time as you create reports, emails and presentations much faster.

Additionally, you can stop hunting for keys and focus solely on your text and ideas, giving yourself more freedom for creativity.

Accelerate your typing speed
With TypingMaster a novice keyboard user can learn to type many times faster. Clumsy typing will no longer interrupt the flow of your thoughts!

Get rid of typos
Get rid of those annoying typing errors and increase the quality of your texts.

Save valuable work time
Learning to touch type will help save dozens of working hours each year as you type faster and do not need to correct errors constantly.

Focus on your text and ideas
With fluent keyboarding skills you can put your brain power into expressing your thoughts instead of finding the right keys.

Improve your ergonomics
Natural, efficient finger movements and no need to look at the keyboard results in less stress in fingers, arms and neck.

Be confident with computers
Improved typing skills will help take full advantage of your computer as you become more confident with the keyboard.

System Requirements:-
---------------------------------
TypingMaster Pro requires Windows 95/98/ME/NT4/2000/XP/2003/Vista
or a newer 32-bit (or 64-bit) Windows operating system.
Hardware Requirements:
* Pentium 300 MHz or faster recommended
* Minimum display area 800x600
* High Color display (more than 256-colors)
* 32 MB of RAM
* 20 MB free hard disk space
