www. Norskbits .com - Last ned Filmer, TV-serier, Spill, Program og Musikk http://www.norskbits.com

Check :: http://www.norskbits.com :: for more of my torrents and the three other Blade Runner cuts!


Actors: Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Daryl Hannah, Edward James Olmos
Directors: Ridley Scott
Format: PAL
Language English
Subtitles: English, German, Spanish
Region: Region 2 (This DVD may not be viewable outside Europe. Read more about DVD formats.)
Aspect Ratio: 16:9 - 2.40:1
Number of discs: 5
Classification: 15
Studio: Warner Home Video
DVD Release Date: 3 Dec 2007
Average Customer Review: 4.5 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (236 customer reviews)
ASIN: B000VPP84W
Amazon Bestsellers Rank: 9,530 in Film & TV (See Top 100 in Film & TV)

Celebrating the 25th anniversary of iconic sci-fi masterpiece Blade Runner, the 5-Disc Ultimate Collectors' Edition is the definitive Blade Runner collection. Packaged in a lenticular collectible tin with art cards and even a letter from director Ridley Scott, the Collectors' Edition brings together for the first time all five versions of the film, including Blade Runner: The Final Cut, which saw Ridley Scott go back into post production to create the long-awaited definitive version of the classic film.
The 5-Disc Ultimate Collectors' Edition also includes an entire disc with hours of enhanced content, including new featurettes and galleries devoted to more than 45 minutes of deleted and alternate scenes recently discovered in deep storage and approved by Ridley Scott. There is also background on author Philip K. Dick, script development, abandoned sequences, conceptual design, anaylsis of the overall impact of the film and how it lead to the birth of cyberpunk.

Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Edward James Olmos, Joanna Cassidy, Sean Young and Daryl Hannah are among some 80 stars, filmmakers and others who participate in the extensive bonus features. Among the highlights is "Dangerous Days", a brand new, feature-length documentary by award-winning DVD producer Charles de Lauzirika, with an extensive look into every aspect of Blade Runner: its literary genesis, its challenging production and its controversial legacy. The definitive documentary to accompany the definitive film collection.

www. Norskbits .com - Last ned Filmer, TV-serier, Spill, Program og Musikk http://www.norskbits.com

Check :: http://www.norskbits.com :: for more of my torrents and the three other Blade Runner cuts!