.
 
http://www.scenetime.com    -   SceneTime [ We been having it ] !!!


How come you press harder on a remote control when you know the battery is dead? so you better seed to get speed ;)

        Seed back for speed


...................................NFO:................................................. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                      Too.Much.1987.SUBBED.PDTV.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
        Title [ Too Much                                         
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-07-22       Source [ PDTV              
        Retail [ N/A              iMDB [ 5.3/10 (61)       
        Runtime [ 85 mins          Size [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy/Family                                    
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094164/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
        Audio [ 150kb/s VBR Joint Stereo -V3                     
        Video [ 592 x 448 @ 987kb/s 25fps                        
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Little did Susie realize she would be embarking on         
         the wild adventure of a lifetime when she accompanied        
         her parents to Japan.                                        
                                                                      
           On arrival Susie is given a gift by her father's           
         business associate, a robot she names Too Much - TM          
         for short - because its video game and translation           
         capabilities overwhelm her. When it comes time to leave      
         the Orient and her new found metallic friend, Susie runs     
         away at the airport and radios TM for help.                  
                                                                      
           Frantic for their daughter's safety, her parents           
         call in another robot expert to find them both. But Dr.      
         Finkel is only interested in obtaining TM for his own        
         selfish designs. As Susie and TM are pursued by the          
         police and Finkel's henchmen, a thrilling chain of           
         events is set off.                                           
                                                                      
           And it ends with TM helping Susie discover the true        
         meaning of friendship.                                       
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           The 80s were no doubt the golden era for robot movies,     
         but it wasn't all Terminators and RoboCops. There was        
         also plenty of family friendly fare, like the classic        
         Short Circuit, or this frequently overlooked title. Some     
         may be surprised that it was in fact produced by Cannon      
         Films, the production company of Israeli cousins Menahem     
         Golan and Yoram Globus, which is best remembered for its     
         long line of over-hyped low budget flicks of the 80s,        
         including Masters of the Universe and various Chuck          
         Norris vehicles. Their output was perhaps more varied        
         than the many action films they're remembered for, and       
         this serves as an example of that.                           
                                                                      
           Another big 80s phenomenon was the troubled child          
         star. Bridgette Andersen had a promising career after        
         having appeared on shows like Family Ties, Remington         
         Steele and The Golden Girls, and a starring role in          
         Savannah Smiles. Too Much was to be her final starring       
         role however, and she would hardly act again, dying ten      
         years later from an overdose of drugs and alcohol.           
                                                                      
           Together with a catchy and wonderfully kitsch              
         soundtrack, and awful wooden acting, this film has all       
         the ingredients of a forgotten 80s classic.                  
                                                                      
           Thanks to a friend for providing this PDTV source,         
         which even with hardsubs looks and sounds much better        
         than VHS, the only format this was ever released as.         
                                                                      
                      Enjoy!                                          
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx