Music : Indie : Lossless







Iron and Wine - Boy With a Coin (2007)(Single / 3 Tracks)(FLAC)(HQ Artwork Scans Included)









Bearded nu-folk hero Sam Beam is giving fans something to smile about with his Boy With a Coin single, a preview of the upcoming Shepard's Dog album from SubPop Records. This will be Iron and Wine's first official full length since 2004's Our Endless Days Are Numbered album, and if the single indicates the path of the rest of the album, Shepard's Dog will not disappoint. Boy With A Coin is an aurally pleasing mix of new sounds and instruments, and Sam Beam seems to be taking the Paul Simon-paved path to musical exploration of slightly exotic traditions as only non-traditional American folk can. He doesn't go all out on the songs presented here, but we'll have to wait for the album release to see where he's going. The stand out single, "Boy With A Coin," is the most musically and structurally interesting. It incorporates a faintly African-style guitar picking melody over the combination of complimenting fast-paced hand claps and percussion, while the magnetic voice of Beam floats and bends along with the slide guitar. "Carried Home" and "Kingdom Of The Animals" are slower than the playful style of "Boy With A Coin" but each draw out their ideas to a trance-inducing fever, with less competing aspects than "Boy With A Coin" but equally intelligent poeticism, lyrically and sonically. Leaning back towards the Americana side of folk, the piano and female backup singers mosey through the lazy sway of Beam's musical landscape. The sound of Iron and Wine seems to evolve with each album, and maybe the 3 year gap since the last success allowed for the exploration that is so evident on this slice of what's to come. ironandwine.com
 
http://www.wers.org/music/albums/reviews/ironandwine-BoyWithACoin.cfm











Tracklist:

01. Carried Home (6:27)
02. Boy with a Coin (3:48)
03. Kingdom of the Animals (5:07)










ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!


