File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:54

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2456 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.36 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"I Stand Alone" is a song by American heavy metal band Godsmack. It served as a single from the Scorpion King soundtrack on March 5, 2002. It would reappear on Godsmack's third studio album, Faceless, the following year.

"I Stand Alone" reached #1 one on the Mainstream Rock chart and #20 on the Modern Rock chart. The single achieved Gold certification for more than half million copies shipped in the United States, spurring sales of over 1.5 million copies for Faceless and propelling Godsmack to worldwide popularity.

The music video is based on The Scorpion King, and it also featured clips from the film. It was directed by the Brothers Strause.

"The song was written about the character, the Scorpion King, in the movie," Erna explained on the set of the accompanying video. "It's about him being this big, masculine badass, but he has this hidden sensitive side to him. He feels like he's isolated, and he likes to do things alone because he was hurt in the past or whatever. I don't really know why he is the way he is. I guess there's always this mystique about those people who are really tough but maybe feel a little bit lonely inside. So the lyrics are kind of based on his character — being as masculine as he can be but yet isolated and a loner." 

"I Stand Alone" features a chugging main riff enhanced by textural, single-note guitar lines and powerful, melodic vocals. The song starts with a lunging beat and a guitar riff that shifts between a low, rumbling buzz and an eerie series of notes much higher up the fretboard. Then, for the verse, the song locks into a crunching, percussive riff reminiscent of Metallica before kicking back into the eerie opening passage with Sully Erna scream-singing the song's title and the lines "I'm not afraid of fading/ Feeling your sting down inside of me/ I'm not dying for it." During the midsection of the song, the music turns creepy and atmospheric, and the singer moans, "It's my time to dream/ Dream of the skies/ Make me believe that this place isn't made by the poison in me/ Help me decide if my fire will burn out before you can breathe."

"I Stand Alone" had two Grammy nominations for 'Best Rock Song' and, 'Best Hard Rock Performance' respectively.

In an interview with him, Sully Erna said that the group's two Grammy Award nominations took the band by surprise, because they didn't release an album in 2002.

"It did take us by surprise, because we've been so busy working on the new record and things like that, we didn't even think about," Erna said. "2002 was kind of a wash for us, except for that one track. It served its purpose. It kept us afloat the whole time we were down working on the new album and stuff, so...but now that it's soaking in I'm like, I'm pretty excited that we just got nominated for a couple. Whether we take it, or whether we don't, it's still...Someone recognized us for the hard work we've done."

Also, Erna admits that the band was pretty excited because they were nominated in a rock category.

"It was definitely a surprise being nominated again," Erna said. "The first year, I don't even know why we were nominated, because we were in a category with Joe Satriani and these other guys for best instrumental performance. And the instrumental that we had on our record was an accident, so that was pretty bizarre to be nominated for that. But this year we're pretty excited because we consider ourselves a rock band and we're in a rock category."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
