Released: 23.05.05

Gorillaz' comeback to worldwide dominance was cemented with the success of their second album proper, Demon Days, released internationally in the summer of 2005.

Featuring the singles: Feel Good Inc., DARE, Dirty Harry, El Mañana/Kids With Guns
	
Formats

CD/LP/MC:
1. Intro
2. Last Living Souls
3. Kids With Guns
4. O Green World
5. Dirty Harry
6. Feel Good Inc.
7. El Mañana
8. Every Planet We Reach Is Dead
9. November Has Come
10. All Alone
11. White Light
12. DARE
13. Fire Coming Out Of The Monkey's Head
14. Don't Get Lost In Heaven
15. Demon Days

Goodies & Info

A limited edition run of the album was released featuring a bonus dvd in plastic packaging. The CD itself was packaged in a fold-out digipak, allowing fans to choose which member of the band they wished to feature on the cover. The DVD and liner notes were housed in a separate booklet. The DVD featured exclusive audio track The Swagga, as well as the video, animatic and audio commentary for Feel Good Inc. It also featured two "G Bite" animations, one on the set of the Feel Good Inc. video as well as a shot from their "Talest Quest," relating to the Search For A Star competition of 2004/5.

Furthermore, the DVD granted online access to exclusive wallpapers and screensavers via the band's website. The limited edition run gave fans a crowbar as part of their website inventory, which could be used to break into a cupboard in Kong Studios, featuring the aforementioned items as well as a further exclusive audio track, Happy Landfill.

Charts

Demon Days smashed previous chart records worldwide for Gorillaz, heading straight in at #1 in the UK and #6 in the USA, and also making a #1 debut in France, Hong Kong, Switzerland and the UAE. It has been to date certified as platinum in the UK, USA and other territories.

Artwork

Promo Photo 1
Promo Photo 2

What They Said

"More sophisticated than their rambunctious debut. - Arena
"Everything's up for grabs but it works an absolute treat." - Attitude
"A ravishing romp with more bite than the walking dead; a monstrously guilty pleasure." - Clash
"You're unlikely to hear a better album this year." - Daily Star
"Deranged rapping, children's choirs and filthy basement beats... a full on aural assault." - GQ
"The album positively leaks melodies. There are gorgeous tunes hiding everywhere." - Guardian
"An aural phantasmagoria - funky, playful but sinister like the best childrens stories." - Mojo
"An honest overview of the fact that it never really is all about the music, even when the music's this exciting." - NME
"Stuffed with tunes... big statements that you can whistle." - Q
"A front runner for album of the year." - The Sun
"It's a constantly appealing, pop-cultural riot." - The Times