NovaStor NovaBACKUP Professional - Business Essentials - Virtual Edition v12.5.9 Multilang

NovaBACKUP Professional is easy windows backup software to install and easy to use. Wizards guide you through the process and your protection begins immediately. Back up your documents, photos, emails, music, movies, software applications, and your entire windows system — quickly and easily!
NovaBACKUP Business Essentials is the only data protection software solution for small and medium businesses serious about protecting all their critical information! Microsoft Exchange and SQL server support as well as Disaster Recovery and Open File Manager Agent make NovaBACKUP Business Essentials a complete all-in-one solution at an affordable, competitive price.
NovaBACKUP BE Virtual Edition now provides agent-less backup & restore of virtual machines from VMware ESXi 4.0+ along with vSphere servers. 
Easy Selection of Virtual Machines
Go to the Backup tab of the software. You’ll see the VMware node and be able to expand the node. This will show you all the ESXi or vSphere servers you have configured in NovaBACKUP. Then you can click on each ESXi or vSphere server node and see the Virtual Machines that are available to backup. Now you can select which of the virtual machines should be backed up.

KEY FEATUREs:

Local & Online Backup
Your data is protected even in the event of an onsite disaster. 
Recommended best practice by IT specialists.
How, when, where should you backup your data? The choice is yours! 

Free & Premium Off-site backup capabilities
Integration of online storage services for reliable compatibility
Makes economical use of local hard drive space
Minimizes investment in local storage devices/networks
Your data is available – any time, any where

Disk imaging disaster recovery
Allows complete system imaging and complete system restore
System restore completed in matter of hours instead of days
Bare Metal Restore for quick reconstruction on blank system
Essential to business continuity

Features Benefits:

NEW! Online Backup & Recovery
With the option to use FTP or Internet storage accounts, users can now backup and recover data anywhere. Integration of online storage services for reliable compatibility. 

NEW! Disk Imaging Disaster Recovery 
Take a snap shot of the entire system to protect and preserve data in the event of a disaster. With the image stored on a disk, a workstation or server can be restored quickly and simply to its pre-disaster state. 

Smart, Simple Restore
A backup file list gives users the flexibility to restore all files or select files. For the ultimate in flexibility, users can restore files with the option to overwrite existing files or restore to an alternate location. 

Smart Select 
With just a few clicks, all photos, music, documents and e-mails can be selected for backup.

Open File Backup 
NovaBACKUP works with Microsoft's Volume Copy Shadow Service (also known as VSS) in order to back up open files. The Open File Backup option is limited to operating systems that support Microsoft's VSS, including Microsoft Windows XP, Vista (32 bit) and Windows 2003 systems. 

Flexible Scheduler
Users can customize backup times and routines to suit their needs and the needs of their work environment.

E-mail Reporting 
NovaBACKUP sends status reports of your backup, copy or mirror jobs via e-mail. 

Faster Backups 
NovaBACKUP’s new backup engine offers increased speeds for faster backup times.

Step-by-Step Wizards 
Easy to use wizards enable users to create and manage automatic backup processes quickly and simply.

Virus Protection and Updates 
Integrated virus protection helps prevent the transfer of infected files before the backup occurs. Free updates are continually available for reliable ongoing protection.

Protect Networked Computers 
Peer-to-Peer backup is possible because NovaBACKUP is network aware. A single backup procedure can protect the data on your computer and other systems on your network. Backup any network drive your computer can access. 

Plug-and-Play Support 
NovaBACKUP has integrated plug-and-play support for more devices than any other backup software including DVD, CD, Blu-ray, local and network drives, tape, USB and most other storage devices. 

Multiple Language Support 
Multiple Language Support including English, German, Spanish, Italian, French and more. Whether it is your family or your business that you are protecting around the world, we have a solution that speaks your language.

Expert Technical Support 
Our expert assistance is available to curb downtimes providing a better return on investment for your data security. When assistance is required, standard technical support is offered via e-mail and our web site. Fee based priority technical support, maintenance and upgrade protection plans are also available.

Operating Systems:
SQL 2008, Exchange 2000/2003/2007, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows Server 2003, Windows 7, Windows XP, and Vista (32 and 64-bit).

Home Page - http://www.novastor.com/pcbackup/backup/n_backup.html
Language: English, German, Spanish, Italian, French and more