Pia Colombo, chanteuse française d'origine franco-italienne, née Eliane Marie Amélie Pia Colombo le 6 juillet 1934 à Homblières3 (Aisne), et morte le 16 avril 1986. Elle fut également comédienne de théâtre et a fait quelques apparitions au cinéma. C'est aussi une artiste engagée qui a clairement exprimé des idées politiques durant sa carrière sur les planches comme sur les scènes où elle s'est produite.


With the help of several translators, Pia Colombo takes some of the better-known songs of Kurt Weill and Bertolt Brecht to France on this collection, which demonstrates that those songs can be made to fit in well with the French chanson tradition. Colombo, possessed of a penetrating alto and a good sense of rhythm (which any singer needs to get all those words out), is not as emotionally involved as some singers of these songs. Her "La Fiancée du Pirate" (aka "Pirate Jenny") doesn't have the savage bite that some others have given this dark fantasy of revenge, and her "Surabaya-Johnny" is not nearly as bitterly victimized as it can be. She is wise to include some tunes that are not as well known, such as "Avez-vous Pensé, Mr Jacob Schmidt..." from Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny and "Tango des Matelots" from Happy End, which she is able to make her own. There are many recordings of the Weill/Brecht repertoire; this one shows that the material can work just as well in French as it does in the original German








Pia Colombo: Chante Bertolt Brecht et Kurt Weill - Récital TNP (Théatre National Populaire)
Disc Az, 1969
re-released on CD in 1999 and 2006

1. L'Opéra De Quat'Sous: La Complainte De Mackie 3:12 
2. L'Opéra De Quat'Sous: La Fiancée Du Pirate 3:08 
3. Grandeur Et Décadence De La Ville De Mahagonny: Alabama Song 3:42 
4. Grandeur Et Décadence De La Ville De Mahagonny: Avez-Vous Pensé, Mr Jacob Schmidt 1:34 
5. Grandeur Et Décadence De La Ville De Mahagonny: Comme On Fait Son Lit On Se Couche 3:20 
6. Happy End:	Bilbao Song 4:17 
7. Happy End:	Tango Des Matelots 6:10 
8. Happy End:	Surabaya -Johny 4:48 
9. Happy End:	Le Grand Citron 1:09 
10. Berliner Requiem: Ballade De La Fille Noyée 2:26

Total running time: 34min
Conducted by Karel Trow


File Specs
File Format : mp3
Bitrate : 192kbps CBR mp3 
