Angela McCluskey
The Things We Do



Label: EMI-Manhattan Records
Released: 2004
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 293 MB
Format: FLAC




This is soulful pop and rock at its best, an album of impressive versatility. McCluskey's vocals are warm and engaging, strong at times, then dreamy then vulnerable. The instrumental mix is particularly imaginative, and includes guitar, piano, organ, strings and even slide guitar, whilst the rhythms include pop, country-rock and reggae. In between, there are exquisite atmospheric moments, little trip-hop infusions that add a special charm. Highlights of this album are It's Been Done, Love Is Stronger Than Death and Sleep On It but her exceptional voice makes even the weaker material an enjoyable listening experience.

Angela McCluskey has a luxurious, pliant voice reminiscent of Beth Orton, Cyndi Lauper, and even Billie Holiday. Thanks largely to producer/multi-instrumentalist Nathan Larson from Shudder to Think, the debut from this Scottish singer-songwriter and former Wild Colonials vocalist is a sumptuous and diverse pop-soul album. Take the first tune, "It's Been Done," which kicks off with a smooth down-tempo beat, sparse piano notes, and arpeggiated strings - just when you're ready for yet another Portishead ripoff, it changes. McClusky's rich voice enters, sounding more than a little like Macy Gray, and there's a bass line so buoyant and good you almost don't notice it, followed by some smart, strange slide guitar playing. Now get this; the bridge has organ and a ska beat - but the song totally works. It's the kind of tune that inspires daydreams of making a movie just to place it at the climax. Similar genre-morphing pleasures abound on Things We Do, a contemplative, bluesy, and occasionally brilliant solo debut.






Personnel

Angela McCluskey - Vocals, backing vocals
Kevin March - Drums, percussion
Per Sunding - Guitar, organ, bass, backing vocals
Nathan Larson - Bass, lap steel, guitar, keyboards, drum programming, percussion, vibraphone, drums
Paul Cantelon - Piano, violin
Jason Moran - Piano
James MacDonald - Accordion
Richard Fortus - Guitar
Bruce Martin - Mellotron, Wurlitzer
Jens Johansson - Drums
Clayton Doyle - Piano
Bengt Lagerberg - Drums
Joan Wasser - Strings
Julia Kent - Strings
Dave Eggar - Strings
Max Moston - Strings 




Track Listing

  01. It's Been Done 3:56  
  02. Somebody Got Lucky 3:26  
  03. Love Is Stronger Than Death 4:06   
  04. Know It All 3:55  
  05. A Thousand Drunken Dreams 3:59  
  06. Sleep On It 3:20   
  07. Perfect Girl Eleven 4:00   
  08. Wrong Side 4:19   
  09. Dirty Pearl 3:12   
  10. Sucker 2:43  
  11. This Night 4:40
  12. Long Live I 4:37  
  13. Hidden Song 2:22 
