Adobe InDesign CS5.5 v7.5.1.304 Portable


Adobe® InDesign® CS5.5 software lets you design and preflight engaging page layouts for print or digital distribution with built-in creative tools and precise control over typography. Integrate interactivity, video, and audio for playback on tablets, smartphones, and computers.

Folio Producer tools
Create and preview digital magazines, newspapers, and catalogs with engaging elements such as 360° object rotation and image panoramas for a wide variety of tablets. Upload to Adobe Digital Publishing Suite for further production and distribution.

Enhanced eBook authoring
Create more engaging eBooks, with less need for developers. Use a smoother workflow as you include refined typography and images that resize to fit virtually any screen. Even add video and audio for eBook reader applications that support HTML5 video and audio tags.

Articles panel
Control the sequence of text, images, and graphics when you export to EPUB or HTML without changing your InDesign layout. Organize your content by dragging it into the new Articles panel to define the export order.

Styles mapped to tags in EPUB export
More easily create standards-compliant digital documents with improved basic typography — with no manual code changes required. Map paragraph and character styles directly to HTML, EPUB, and PDF tags so they export using appropriate specifications.

Linked text
Maintain consistency more easily when working with content that’s duplicated throughout a document. Link identical text blocks within a layout so that changes to the parent block are automatically made in all the others.

Dragging and dropping of anchored objects
Add inline graphics and other anchored objects quickly and intuitively by simply dragging them to the desired anchor location in the text.

PDF accessibility enhancements
Reduce the time it takes to create PDF documents that are more accessible to people with disabilities. More easily add, edit, and view Alt text attributes associated with an image or object.

Enhanced PDF export options
Export PDF files that meet the PDF/X-4:2010, PDF/X-5:2010, and PDF/VT-1 standards for tight integration with Adobe Acrobat® X and Adobe PDF Print Engine 2.5.


Home Page - http://www.adobe.com/products/indesign.html
