

Recorded live at the Whitney Museum, New York, April 10th 1972.

Review by Scott Yanow:
Late in his career, Duke Ellington was persuaded on three occasions to take a brief hiatus from his big band and give trio recitals that focused on his piano playing. The final occasion is included on this CD, which was released for the first time in 1995. Although Duke apparently planned very little in advance, his program is a well-rounded set of old standards and newer (and more obscure) works. A week short of his 73rd birthday, Ellington's fingers sound a little rusty in spots, but he clearly gets stronger as the concert progresses. He romps through the beginning parts of his very first composition (the James P. Johnson-inspired "Soda Fountain Rag") and then abruptly stops, making a few jokes about how "Things Ain't What They Used to Be." Considering that he never commercially recorded this piece, the excerpt is quite valuable. Also among the highlights are his delightful "A Mural From Two Perspectives," a nine-minute exploration of "New World A-Coming," and an emotional "Lotus Blossom." Many of the performances (half are solo and the remainder use bassist Joe Benjamin and drummer Rufus Jones) are brief - under three or even two minutes long - but there is a great deal of music on this previously unissued program, and some of the moments are quite precious. The audience is enthusiastic and loving, singing along on "I'm Beginning to See the Light" and snapping their fingers on Duke's cues during "Dancers in Love." 

01. Opening Remarks 
02. Medley: Black And Tan Fantasy, Prelude To A Kiss, Do Nothing 'till You Hear From Me & Caravan 
03. Meditation 
04. A Mural From Two Perspectives 
05. Sophisticated Lady & Solitude 
06. Soda Fountain Rag 
07. New World A-Coming 
08. Amour; Amour 
09. Soul Soothing Beach 
10. Lotus Blossom 
11. Flamingo 
12. Le Sucrier Velors 
13. The Night Shepherd 
14. C Jam Blues 
15. Mood Indigo 
16. I'm Beginning To See The Light 
17. Dancers In Love
18. Kixx 
19. Satin Doll

 

