Genre: blues
Styles: classic blues and blues-rock
Released: 1980
Label: Unknown (booty)
File: mp3 @320
Size: 58mb
Art: front (custom)

01 - As The Crow Files
02 - Banker's Blues
03 - Going To My Hometown
03 - Nothing But The Devil
04 - Out On The Western Plain
05 - Pistol Slapper Blues
07 - Too Much Alcohol

Personnel:
Rory Gallagher
and ?

Notes:Rory Gallagher - Acoustic Capital Radio [Richard Diquance Show 18/3/80] - unofficial

In 1972 , the influential Melody Maker music mag voted the late, great Irish Bluesmaster, Rory Gallagher Top Musician of the Year, upstaging guitar giants like Eric Clapton. His album Live in Europe has been a huge seller worldwide. Regarded as one of the most influential guitarists of all time, many of today's top musicians, including Brian May of Queen admit that Rory inspired them in their formative careers. It is also a fact that the Rolling Stones auditioned Rory among a number of other guitarists for the band in the 1970s. Rory never bowed to the big record industry moguls and commercialism. He always "did his own thing" and played the blues in a way that nobody else could match. His soft Irish accent was unusually, a perfect contrast to his mindblowing guitar playing. Rory was "Ard Rí na hÉireann" of the blues, and his Fender Strat was his "Bana-Ard-ri." He is without doubt, the greatest Irish rock guitarist of all time, and will never be forgotten. This particular album is a rare eighties radio recording of Rory. The seven tracks were recorded for the Richard Diquance Show on 18/3/80 for Capital Radio, London, U.K. Rory plays six blues standards and his own great "Going To My Hometown " composition, to a small but appreciative audience. This recording is 28 years old, but it's a 320 bit version, and the sound quality is very acceptable. This recording has been released on at least three different boots, all with the wrong track listing or sequence which is corrected here. There is info on Rory's "Powerful And Velvet" album @ RG/PV and his "Live At The Cork Opera House 1987" album @ RG/COH Buy his "Big Guns" album which is a good compilation of many of Rory's best tracks, and you should listen to his "Live In Europe" album.
