FTV Girls - Sophia & Chloe - Double Penetration
			
Chloe: After a long lunch break where we got to talk a little more and find a few things we have in common, we picked out some lingerie for each other.  We both had pink, so we'd match, and I had the idea of playing with bananas for this scene.  We got some from the store and brought it over.  I let her try it on me first, fucking me with the banana.  She's hot and horny, but she's a little shy on using it on my hard & rough.  I had to tell her that its ok for her to be a little faster with fucking me with it.  She finally got rough with me when she pushed the second banana in, literally punching me with them at once.  Her rhythm was slightly off and so I almost made it to orgasm but didn't.  I knew she would get turned on watching me suck them after, I think she was getting as aroused as I was being fucked with the bananas.
Sophia:  I like kissing Chloe, we did a lot of that off camera too.  I wanted to make Lia jealous, but I guess that won't happen.  We sucked on these two bananas to moisten them up so I can play them on Chloe's pussy.  I pushed the banana into her, wow is it such a taboo and sexy thing at the same time!  Just like I've never had my hand in a girl before, I've never used a banana on a girl, and not even on myself.  I plan to though.  Its fun to watch it go in and out of her.   Two bananas in her pussy?  Now that's insane, but thats what the photographer and her wanted to try.  It wasn't difficult to put it in at all!  Before you know it both bananas were almost all the way in her pussy.  Its so fucking hot to watch and it was making me really wet thinking of her cumming around them.

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_770_Sophia_Chloe_Double_Pene.jpg

File Size ------- 137mb
Length ---------- 18:09
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30
 
http://phatwarez.thehashden.com
Made possible by your donations.