,
Brought to you by  http://www.scenetime.com/signup.php
 
 Hottest scene tracker on the net !!!   
 
No fake torrents from scenebalance 
shame on those who comment fake before downloading my torrents

    seed back for speed


 



...................................NFO:................................................. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                 
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


          Laura.Lansing.Slept.Here.1988.TV.PROPER.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Laura Lansing Slept Here                         
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-05-30       Source [ Retail DVD        
        Retail [ 2005-08-09       iMDB [ 6.4/10 (97)       
        Runtime [ 95 mins          Size [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy                                           
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095502/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 84kb/s VBR Mono -V4                            
          Video [ 592 x 448 @ 934kb/s 23.976fps                  
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Four-time Academy Award winner Katharine Hepburn           
         stars as Laura Lansing, a wealthy, world-famous novelist     
         who faces the crisis of her career when her publisher        
         turns down her latest book. Faced with retirement,           
         Lansing makes a bet to prove that she has not lost touch     
         with her readers: she will live with a typical family in     
         the suburbs for seven days - or give up writing forever.     
                                                                      
           In the home of Walter and Melody Gomphers, Lansing         
         turns the family's life upside down with her outlandish      
         behavior. She struggles to relate to their children,         
         meddles in their marital matters, and jeopardizes the        
         outcome of her bet!                                          
                                                                      
           With a glittering cast that includes Katharine             
         Hepburn and Karen Austin in lead roles, Laura Lansing        
         Slept Here is a humorous family movie.                       
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Charming 80s TV fare, starring Katharine Hepburn in        
         the later stage of her life. Her essential tremor is         
         particularly visible in this one (she was well over 80       
         when it was recorded), but she still gives a performance     
         worthy of praise, and makes the most of a sweet little       
         script. Interesting to note is that one of her co-stars,     
         the teenage daughter of the Gomphers family, is her real     
         life great-niece Schuyler Grant, most well known for         
         her role as Diana Barry in the Anne of Green Gables TV       
         movie series.                                                
                                                                      
           CRNVCD already did this one years ago, but as we came      
         to discover, their release used joint stereo audio for       
         what is a mono soundtrack. It was also tagged STV, even      
         though this is a TV movie. Our release corrects these        
         flaws, and also cleans up the video a bit compared to        
         theirs - this wasn't a particularly good transfer.           
                                                                      
                     Enjoy!                                           
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                          
                                
                      nFO: asphyx