Director Josh Tickell takes us along for his 11 year journey around the world to find solutions to America's addiction to oil. A shrinking economy, a failing auto industry, rampant unemployment, an out-of-control national debt, and an insatiable demand for energy weigh heavily on all of us. Fuel shows us the way out of the mess we're in by explaining how to replace every drop of oil we now use, while creating green jobs and keeping our money here at home. The film never dwells on the negative, but instead shows us the easy solutions already within our reach

Review comment:

This movie is presented in an incredibly fair and open manner. It takes a serious look at the effects of fuel on our economy, our environment, and our foreign policy. Regardless of ones prior feelings about environmental issues this movie will make you realize that our current reliance on petroleum is not an option. Whether it be due to the effects of fuel, or the fact there just won't be any fuel left in the near future, this realization will come.

Once this realization hits, the viewer is left searching for a solution and the movie provides it magnificently. It not only provides the options but it takes a realistic and honest look at each one of them. It addresses the negatives of classic corn-based ethanol and shows algae based based biofuel that not only has no CO2 emissions, but also reduces global CO2 levels as it grows. The movie not only talks about fuel but also talks about all of the things needed to solve our energy crisis such as public transportation and sustainable energy such as wind and solar.

I had very little interest in the environment before seeing this movie and this movie completely revolutionized my thinking. My father is right-wing religious. Before seeing this movie he believed that environmental issues are just left-wing paranoia. After seeing it he told me he strongly had to rethink his views and re-prioritize the issues he cares about and votes on.

I strongly recommend this movie to any critical thinkers regardless of their prior opinions about fuel & the environment.