                     PART  311


           01. JIMMY CLIFF - Wild World  (1970)
           02. CAT STEVENS  - Morning Has Broken (1972)
           03. ROD STEWART -  Sailing  (1975)  
           04. ROD STEWART -  Tonight's The Night  (1976) 
           05. SMOKIE  - Don't Play Your Rock'n'Roll To Me (1975)
           06. SMOKIE  -  Wild Wild Angels  (1976)
           07. LEO SAYER  -  Let It Be  (1976)
           08. THE ROLLING STONES  -  Fool To Cry (1976)



          "Wild World" is a song written and recorded by Catt Stevens. It first appeared on his fourth album, "Tea for the Tillerman", recorded and released in 1970. Stevens developed a relationship with a young American girl, Patti D'Arbanville, and the two were a pair throughout a period of two years or so. During that time, he wrote several songs about her, including the hit song "Wild World." Released as a single in late 1970, it just missed becoming Stevens' first top ten hit in the U.S., peaking at #11 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart.The song has been covered by many artists, with many of the covers becoming hits of their own. Jimmy Cliff's version, released a few months before Stevens released the original version, reached number eight on the UK Singles Chart. 
  
          "Morning Has Broken" is a popular and well-known Christian hymn first published in 1931. It has words by English author Eleanor Farjeon and is set to a traditional Gaelic tune known as "Bunessan". It is often sung in children's services. English pop musician and folk singer Cat Stevens included a version on his 1971 album "Teaser and the Firecat". The song became identified with Stevens when it reached number six on the US pop chart and number one on the US easy listening chart in 1972 The song has been recorded by numerous other artists, including Judy Collins, Michael Card, Floyd Cramer, Dana, Neil Diamond, Art Garfunkel, Daliah Lavi, Joe Longthorne, Anni-Frid Lyngstad, Nana Mouskouri, Aaron Neville, Kenny Rogers and the First Edition, Joseph McManners, Sister Janet Mead, Pam Tillis, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir on Consider the Lilies, Roger Whittaker, Ellen Greene on Pushing Daisies, and Demis Roussos .

          "Sailing" is a song written by Gavin Sutherland and recorded by The Sutherland Bros. Band, released in June 1972, it can be found on their album entitled 'Lifeboat' released in the same year.Rod Stewart recorded the song at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, for his 1975 album "Atlantic Crossing", and it was subsequently a number one hit in the UK in September 1975 for four weeks. The single returned to the UK top ten a year later when used as the theme music for the BBC documentary series "Sailor", about HMS Ark Royal, and made a minor chart appearance when re-released as a charity single after the Zeebrugge ferry disaster in 1987. Having been a hit twice, it remains Stewart's biggest-selling single in the UK.However, despite Stewart's great popularity in the United States, the song never climbed higher than number 58 on the Billboard Hot 100.
        "Tonight's the Night (Gonna Be Alright)" is a song by Rod Stewart, recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Muscle Shoals, Alabama for his 1976 album "A Night on the Town". The song became his second US chart topper, peaked at #5 in UK, #3 in Australia and charted well in other parts of the world as well. The song has been remade by such notable artists as Linda Clifford, Janet Jackson and Nicky Moore, and sung by Anthony Kavanagh, Terry Steele, who reached number forty-four on the R&B singles chart and Alison Crawford on Grease is the Word.

         On , 1975, Smokey released their second album "Changing All the Time". This LP sounded much softer than the debut, contained string arrangements on some songs, and heavily leaned toward acoustic guitar arrangements with close harmony vocals, which became their signature sound. The first single from the new album, "If You Think You Know How to Love Me", quickly became a big hit in many European countries, peaking at No. 3 in Britain, and won Smokey a wider audience. It was followed by "Don't Play Your Rock'n'Roll to Me".
The following years yielded a string of successful singles: "Something's Been Making Me Blue", "Wild Wild Angels" and "I'll Meet You at Midnight" gained a faithful following among younger listeners. When their single "Living Next Door to Alice" was released in November 1976, it quickly became the group's biggest hit, followed by the equally successful "Lay Back in the Arms of Someone". Smokie now found themselves European superstars with sold-out tours and million-selling albums.  
          "Fool to Cry" is a song by The Rolling Stones from their 1976 album "Black and Blue" Recorded in December 1974, the song was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. It is a slow-paced ballad. Mick Taylor had just left the band and the rest of the Stones were left without a lead guitarist. The recording of "Black and Blue" acted as a sort of audition for new guitarists which is why session man Wayne Perkins plays guitar on this track.Jagger plays electric piano and Nicky Hopkins performs regular piano on the track, with Hopkins also playing the string synthesizer.Released as the lead single off "Black and Blue" on 20 April 1976, "Fool to Cry" reached number six on the UK Singles Charts and number ten on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, becoming very popular around the world. It would be the only single from "Black and Blue" to chart highly..


From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia