Official Web Site :  http://www.dxo.com/intl/photo/dxo_optics_pro/introduction

A photo lab at your fingertips - now for the mac - and a very powerful one!

DxO Optics Pro is a true digital photo lab for automatically improving the quality of RAW or JPEG images: optical and geometric corrections, optimized exposure, color control, RAW conversion, noise removal, detail enhancement, etc. Whether you want to let the software automatically improve hundreds of images, or prefer to manually define the settings for each of them, DxO Optics Pro has the flexibility to provide you with unmatched image quality and productivity.


Unequaled image quality

Your photos are just a few clicks away from perfection - beautiful color, perfect exposure and contrast, crisp and free of optical flaws. Get photos with great detail without raising digital noise due to high ISO. Gain up to 2 stops of dynamic range under all lighting conditions.

Automatic corrections

Let DxO Optics Pro automatically batch-process your images to achieve an  optimal rendering, thanks to DxO Labs' preliminary calibration of cameras and lenses under all shooting conditions.

Personalized settings
DxO Optics Pro also gives you the possibility of manually adjusting the corrections, with setting tools that allow you to achieve exactly the results you expect.

Single Shot HDR

HDR in one shot

DxO Optics Pro now offers the possibility of creating an HDR image from a single image file (JPEG or RAW) in one click. Depending on equipment and shooting conditions, by using differential corrections of exposure, contrast and color, it is possible to reproduce an HDR effect without having to superimpose several different exposures (the traditional method for obtaining HDR).
With the new, more powerful DxO Lighting, you can retrieve information in burned or clipped areas and restore the entire dynamic range of your photo. Adjust local and global contrast independently to bring out hidden elements and to give a sense of depth. The presets "HDR" (realistic and artistic) include this contrast correction, allowing you to easily produce an HDR image.

 
New RAW converter

Develop your RAW files without constraints

DxO Optics Pro includes a powerful tool for developing your RAW files. The new RAW converter provides a high noise reduction regardless of the ISO, for even more perfect processing.
Certain conditions commonly call for shooting at high ISO. For example, dense shadows require having locally higher ISO sensitivity. DxO Optics Pro meets the needs of photographers by offering an incomparably effective noise reduction not just for medium-to-high ISO (between 400 and 1600 ISO), but also for very high ISO (up to 100 000 ISO).

Optical corrections

Still more DxO Optics Modules
Ever since the first optical corrections module became available in 2004, our laboratories have been increasing their production rate every year. Currently, more than 2500 DxO Optics Modules are  available. We plan to significantly increase the rate of production to achieve 5000 modules by the end of 2011.
We plan to offer more DxO Optics Modules for cameras already supported, and to more quickly support new cameras, new lenses and top-of-the-line digital compacts as they become available.

Interface and use

Faster and more intuitive for greater efficiency

The version 6 interface has been designed to facilitate its use by beginners and to allow users of previous versions to optimize their workflow. Different work areas are available depending on your level of technical knowledge (first steps, the essentials,  power user, etc.).

You can also use DxO Optics Pro with Adobe Lightroom ® 3 software and integrate the two into a single workflow.

New features: 

* More comfort and performance.

* New DxO Optics Pro version 6 offers many additional features for perfect
  corrections.

* Manual optical corrections are now available for images not yet 
  covered by a DxO Optics Module.

* The library of presets has been widely expanded to offer even more
  processing options in a single click.

* A "first steps" assistant guides you when you begin.

* You can open the "Project" window separately, and your images can
  be displayed on multiple lines.

* Download and installation are much faster, and DxO Optics Modules
  are automatically downloaded when adding images to the project.



System Requirements:

Intel Mac OS X.5 or above

--- PLEASE SEED ---