This is a Release of I Am Number Four (2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176
To Mp4 at 1,4GB
This Release Includes:
- I Am Number Four (2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-Bloopers
	-“Becoming Number Six” _ Follow actress Teresa Palmer as she masters her stunts, surprising everyone including herself
That’s THE WHOLE I Am Number Four DVD Ripped For you to ENJOY. With all the extras! Please seed, this is nowhere else on the net. Cheers….vladtepes3176

CAST: 
Alex Pettyfer as John Smith/Number 4/Daniel Jones
Dianna Agron as Sarah Hart
Timothy Olyphant as Henri Smith
Kevin Durand as Mogadorian Commander
Teresa Palmer as Number 6
Callan McAuliffe as Sam Goode
Jake Abel as Mark James
Reuben Langdon as Number 3's Guardian
Tucker Albrizzi as Tuck
Beau Mirchoff as Drew
Megan Follows as Supermarket Cashier
Greg Townley as Number 3
Emily Wickersham as Nicole

PLOT:  Am Number Four is an American teen action science fiction film, directed by D. J. Caruso, starring Alex Pettyfer, Timothy Olyphant, Teresa Palmer, Dianna Agron, Kevin Durand, and Callan McAuliffe. The film is based on the novel I Am Number Four, written by Jobie Hughes and James Frey, with an adapted screenplay by Alfred Gough, Miles Millar, and Marti Noxon.
The film is produced by Michael Bay through Disney;

Details:
English
Studio: Touchstone Pictures/ DreamWorks
Run Time: 109 minutes
IMBD: tt1464540

Product Description
Three are dead. Who is Number four? From Director D.J. Caruso (Disturbia), producer Michael Bay (Transformers) and the Emmy-winning writers of TV's Smallville, comes this gripping, action-packed thriller. John Smith (Alex Pettyfer) is an extraordinary teen masking his true identity to elude a deadly enemy sent to destroy him. Living with his guardian (Timothy Olyphant) in the small town he now calls home, John encounters unexpected life-changing events - his first love (Dianna Agron, TV's Glee), powerful new abilities and a secret connection to the others who share his incredible destiny. Complete with deleted scenes and more, I Am Number Four is an explosive suspense-filled ride that will take you to the edge of your seat and beyond.
Please seed, thank you…vladtepes3176
