Hello Everybody!
Today, I uploaded this file for you to use on a computer or laptop.
This is an ISO file, which means that you need a program that will burn this ISO file to a DVD or USB Drive. This is Windows 7 Home Premium Service Pack 1 Retail (x86) Bootable, which means that this has Service Pack 1 for Windows 7, it's able to boot on any DVD or USB, and it's clean. Hacks, cracks, or applications were not added into this ISO. So, you can use a program like, "PowerISO" to burn this on a DVD, and the program, "Windows 7 USB/DVD Download Tool" or "WinToFlash" to burn into a USB Drive. (Actually, the Windows program, "Windows 7 USB/DVD Download Tool" can be used to burn this ISO to a DVD or USB Drive.) Remember, always read the system requirements for Windows 7. 
Don't install this on a 64-BIT computer, or else you will face some problems during the setup. Also, don't burn this ISO to a CD disc because it won't fit.
So, please seed and comment me if there is any problems with this ISO file when you install it. Enjoy!

Windows 7 Home Premium:
The best entertainment experience on your PC

Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.

Windows 7 System Requirements:


If you want to run Windows 7 on your PC, here's what it takes:

1 gigahertz (GHz) or faster 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor 

1 gigabyte (GB) RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB RAM (64-bit) 

16 GB available hard disk space (32-bit) or 20 GB (64-bit) 

DirectX 9 graphics device with WDDM 1.0 or higher driver 




Additional requirements to use certain features:

Internet access (fees may apply) 

Depending on resolution, video playback may require additional memory and advanced graphics hardware 

Some games and programs might require a graphics card compatible with DirectX 10 or higher for optimal performance 

For some Windows Media Center functionality a TV tuner and additional hardware may be required 

Windows Touch and Tablet PCs require specific hardware 

HomeGroup requires a network and PCs running Windows 7
 
DVD/CD authoring requires a compatible optical drive 

BitLocker requires Trusted Platform Module (TPM) 1.2 

BitLocker To Go requires a USB flash drive 

Windows XP Mode requires an additional 1 GB of RAM and an additional 15 GB of available hard disk space. 

Music and sound require audio output 


Product functionality and graphics may vary based on your system configuration. Some features may require advanced or additional hardware.

PCs with multi-core processors:
Windows 7 was designed to work with today's multi-core processors. All 32-bit versions of Windows 7 can support up to 32 processor cores, while 64‑bit versions can support up to 256 processor cores. 

PCs with multiple processors (CPUs):
Commercial servers, workstations, and other high-end PCs may have more than one physical processor. Windows 7 Professional, Enterprise, and Ultimate allow for two physical processors, providing the best performance on these computers. Windows 7 Starter, Home Basic, and Home Premium will recognize only one physical processor. 
