Kaspersky PURE is the easy way to keep your PC safe and in tip-top condition. It’s designed with the home user in mind, combining simple installation and management with advanced features and functionality, and exceptional protection for everyone.

Kaspersky PURE builds on the tried and trusted security functions of Kaspersky Internet Security, adding a host of new and updated features:

    Malware and Spam protection including new enhanced detection and sandbox technologies for strengthened safety.
    Centralized Management of tasks, reports, updates and more from any PC on your network
    Enhanced Password Protection creates, encrypts and stores logins and auto-complete forms. The inbuilt virtual keyboard keeps you safe from key logging malware. You can even carry your passwords securely on a USB stick.
    Advanced Parental Control protects your family with unique features to monitor your kids’ Internet access, PC and application use and communications… including social networks.
    File Shredder uses multi-pass technology to make deleted data unrestorable, even with sophisticated data recovery software and tools.
    Data Backup & Restore keeps your valuable data and files safe from disaster and keeps you in control.
    Data Encryption maximizes security. Create, store and transfer data with password protection and encryption, so you can control exactly who can access your files.

System Requirements
Operating Systems
	
Hardware Requirements

    Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium (32/64 Bit)
    Microsoft Windows 7 Professional (32/64 Bit)
    Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate (32/64 Bit) 

	

    1 GHz 32-bit (x86)/64-bit (x64) or higher
    1 GB of RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB of RAM (64-bit) 

    Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic (32/64 Bit) (Service Pack 2 or higher)
    Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium (32/64 Bit) (Service Pack 2 or higher)
    Microsoft Windows Vista Business (32/64 Bit) (Service Pack 2 or higher)
    Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise (32/64 Bit) (Service Pack 2 or higher)
    Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate (32/64 Bit) (Service Pack 2 or higher) 

	

    Intel Pentium 1 GHz 32 bit (x86) / 64 bit (x64) or higher (or equivalent)
    1 GB of available RAM 

    Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition (Service Pack 3 or higher)
    Microsoft Windows XP Professional (Service Pack 3 or higher)
    Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition (Service Pack 2 or higher) 

	

    Intel Pentium 300 MHz or higher (or equivalent)
    256 MB of available RAM 

Required for all installations

    About 500 MB free space on the hard drive (depending on antivirus database size)
    CD-ROM for installation of the program from CD
    Computer mouse
    Internet connection for product activation
    Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher
    Microsoft Windows Installer 2.0. 


Operating systems’ limitations:

    Safe Run Mode doesn’t work on Microsoft Windows XP x64 and works with constraint (running applications have no possibility to create COM-objects) on Microsoft Windows Vista x64 and Microsoft Windows 7 x64
    Password Manager doesn’t work with 64-bit applications on all x64 operating systems and with applications in Safe Run Mode


Trial Reset instructions :


1. When you want to reset Kaspersky, just disable the \"Self-Defense\" then exit Kaspersky.

2. Run the KTR and click [RESET].

3. Activate Kaspersky (trial), update, and scan your computer.

4. Removal: Just delete the TR. There is nothing to uninstall.

NOTE 1: Kaspersky may not terminate while it is updating.

The software is detected by kaspersky as malware, disable self defense and then close it before running the kaspersky trial reset!