. 
  
http://www.torrenting.com/        :     Greatest Movie Tracker on The Net!!!
 
http://www.Torrenting.com          :     Once & For all ;)


               www . Torrenting . Com 

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))


...................................NFO:....................................

. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                    Captain.America.1990.LASERDISC.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
        Title [ Captain America                                  
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-07-22       Source [ Laserdisc         
        Retail [ 1992-09-02       iMDB [ 2.9/10 (4774)     
        Runtime [ 96 mins          Size [ 703MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Action/Sci-Fi                                    
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103923/                
                                                                      
    Laserdisc  
                                                                      
          Audio [ Digital Mono     Format [ NTSC              
          AR [ 4:3              CLV [ SIDE A+B          
                                        CAV [                   
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
        Audio [ 86kb/s VBR Mono -V4                              
        Video [ 528 x 400 @ 919kb/s 23.976fps                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           During World War II, a brave, patriotic American           
         Soldier undergoes experiments to become a new super-         
         soldier, "Captain America". Racing to Germany to             
         sabotage the rockets of Nazi baddie "Red Skull",             
         Captain America winds up frozen until the 1990s. He          
         reawakens to find that the Red Skull has changed             
         identities and is now planning to kidnap the President       
         of the United States.                                         
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Anyone familiar with cousin production duo                 
         Golan-Globus knows that they made a name for themselves      
         throughout the 80s by producing low-budget overhyped         
         films, often based on familiar franchises. If you've         
         ever seen Masters Of The Universe, the live action film.     
         you know the sort we're thinking of. By 1990, their          
         production company Cannon Films had been sold, and the       
         new owner had also bought another company, 21st Century      
         Film Corporation, in a bankruptcy sale. He handed the        
         reigns to Golan, and put him in charge of making him         
         some money.                                                  
                                                                      
           Part of his scheme to do so, was to continue licensing     
         well-known properties, such as Captain America and           
         Spider-Man, and turn them into feature films. The            
         production of Spider-Man had previously turned into a        
         farcical saga similar to the Fantastic Four movie a few      
         years later, but ended up never actually entering            
         production. Captain America however did get produced,        
         and the result is what we're presenting today.               
                                                                      
           While arguably a high-budget production by previous        
         Cannon standards, it had all the markings of a low           
         budget, and received precious little attention upon          
         release. Directed by Albert Pyun, the B-movie workhorse      
         behind titles such as Cyborg and Alien from L.A.,            
         Captain America was never destined to become a cinema        
         classic, nor did it, as it came and went virtually           
         unnoticed in its highly limited theatrical release.          
                                                                      
           Possibly the most interesting thing about Captain          
         America in its 1990 incarnation, besides the background      
         of its production, is its title actor. Matt Salinger         
         didn't have much of a prior career to speak of, his          
         biggest role having been as a jock in his debut Revenge      
         of the Nerds, and Captain America was anything but the       
         breakthrough he might have hoped for. While still            
         working today, he will probably always be known              
         primarily as the only son of J.D. Salinger.                  
                                                                      
                      Enjoy!                                          
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx