Landscape Mysteries
Professor Aubrey Manning embarks on a series of journeys in which he tries to solve mysteries hidden in the landscape of the British Isles.

Unpicking clues in the geology, natural history, and archaeology, Aubrey reveals how the land has come to look the way it does.


This eight part series explores some of the enigmas of the British landscape.

Programme 1 - This eight-part series begins with Aubrey travelling to Ireland in search of a Celtic Eldorado, a secret source of Bronze Age gold, buried more than 3,000 years ago. How can clues in the landscape help Aubrey work out if and where deposits still exist? Programme 1 - IN SEARCH OF IRISH GOLD.

Programme 2 - Next, Aubrey travels to the Chalk Hills of England to unravel the origins of the enigmatic chalk figures such as the Long Man of Wilmington and the Cerne Abbas Giant in Dorset. The age of these chalk figures has never been fully established and Aubrey, alongside a team of archaeologists from Reading University, come up with a remarkable new discovery in FIGURES IN THE CHALK.

Programme 3 - Then it’s on to the Gower Peninsula in South Wales. Here, in 1823, the skeleton of a young man - who had died 29,000 years ago - was found. Aubrey attempts to unravel the mystery of the lost world in which this man lived in BRITAIN BEFORE THE ICE.

Programme 4 - Programme four of the series sees Aubrey in the Solent, off the south coast of England. It’s known that people once lived in a landscape that is now covered by the sea but how did this area become flooded? Aubrey investigates a mystery that has puzzled experts for centuries in SECRETS OF THE FLOOD.

Programme 5 - For show five, Aubrey travels to the most northerly territory in the British Isles – to Shetland – in a search for clues to the identity of the ancient people who lived in the Broch Towers there - THE TOWER PEOPLE OF SHETLAND.

Programme 6 - A trip to the bleak Romney Marsh is next where Aubrey searches for clues to a haunting and empty landscape that humans colonised then deserted, in THE ABANDONED MARSH.

Programme 7 - From there Aubrey ventures to an even more bleak and dangerous place – the North Yorkshire coastline where many a ship has been wrecked. But when the tide goes out, a different and mysterious landscape is revealed. Can Aubrey solve THE RIDDLE OF THE YORKSHIRE TRACKS?

Programme 8 - Along the steep sides of the Glastonbury Tor there’s a distinctive pattern of regular stepped terraces, but their origin is a mystery. Is there a connection with the myths and legends that permeate this intoxicating landscape? For the last programme in this series Aubrey travels to Glastonbury to investigate the riddle of THE TERRACES OF AVALON.


Enjoy and Seed!!