Documentary originally videoed in the 1970s, released on DVD in 2002-3, about the famous Canadian pianist Glenn Gould, by Bruno Monsaingeon.

Here's some copy I found somewhere online, to whet your interest:

Everything about Glenn Gould is full of meaning since he gives meaning to everything. In this film “The Alchemist”, we see him in several recording sessions in Toronto in 1974. At that time, for European connoisseurs the pianist, who lives in Toronto, is nothing but a distant legend. He stopped playing in concert at thirty-two, ten years previously, and his records are unobtainable in France. Monsaingeon, discovers him in 1966 when he buys a record in Moscow on which is written “Bach Inventions” and the name of the pianist which sounds vaguely familiar to him. It’s a revelation!

This vinyl, paid for in roubles, marks the start of a fantastic adventure: a letter sent to the Canadian pianist like a bottle in the ocean, an answer six months later with an invitation to come to Toronto, then in 1974, a film articulated around four parts is shot and finally a television broadcast. On November 30th, 1974, the evening when the first episode is scheduled (La retraite), an event occurs that is rich in consequences: a strike at the ORTF. Forced to broadcast something to provide a minimum service, the three public channels show this first film at the same time. A few days later, the record stock is exhausted and the Gould phenomenon is born. A phenomenon that still raises questions today. Bruno Monsaingeon also pursued his Gouldian quest with several other films and several books (including Le dernier puritain, Non, je ne suis pas du tout un excentrique, Contrepoint à la ligne).

The Alchemist, the second part of Monsaingeon’s film, shows Glenn Gould hard at work recording; sparkling with intelligence and with an acute sense of self-mockery, he talks about his relations with the studio and his rejection of the concert, he evokes his fondness for technique which leads him to editing his own records. He does this while juggling between his piano, the editing and mixing tables and even between microphones.


Enjoy!