Carly Shay is dating a boy named Steven Carson, whom divides his time between his divorced parents in Seattle and Los Angeles. Steven goes off to Los Angeles, where he goes on a date with a girl named Tori Vega. Robbie posts a picture of Steven and Tori on TheSlap.com, which Carly manages to stumble upon online. She initially denies the fact that Steven is cheating on her, but Sam seeks to prove it is indeed true. Spencer drives the group to Los Angeles, where Carly, Sam, Freddie, and Gibby receive disguise makeovers from Spencer's ex-girlfriend in order to avoid being noticed from iCarly by others before they head off to a party hosted by actor and comedian Kenan Thompson.
At Hollywood Arts High School, Andre notifies Tori's group of a party hosted by Kenan Thompson in his new home sold by Andre's uncle, to the group's delight. The iCarly members enter Thompson's party house during the party and split up throughout. Much to her remorse, Carly eventually catches Steven and watches him kiss Tori, before she admits Sam is correct about Steven cheating on her. The iCarly members remove their disguises, and Tori walks in and finds out they are iCarly members whom are at the party as well. After explanation about Steven's actions, Carly and Tori devise a plan to humiliate Steven for revenge. Steven is lured into a closet where he thinks he will kiss Tori. Instead, in the closet, he finds himself on an iCarly webcast with Carly, Sam, and Tori, whom reveal to iCarly's three million audience members Steven had been dating both of them at the same time. Steven becomes embarrassed and leaves, a result that Carly and Tori desire.
Meanwhile during the party, Andre and Kenan Thompson are chasing a person in a panda suit. Spencer goes into Kenan's jacuzzi in order to heal his injured back. When Beck and Jade join him in the hot tub, Sikowitz pops from underwater in an attempt to scare Beck in order to teach him authentic fear in acting. Sinjin plays a surfing video game but is thrown out of a window into a jacuzzi by a malfunctioning video game surfboard. Two children, who are being babysat by Tori's sister Trina, appear in the jacuzzi as well. Cat is unable to speak because her throat is infected, so she uses a computerized voice on her headband in order to communicate.
Sam challenges Rex into a rap battle, in which she humiliates him. After that, the iCarly and Victorious groups sing a mash-up song, Leave It All To Shine.

