Monopoly_Westwood_1995-bdube22.rar [RAR 127MB]

This is the very rare 1995 version of Westwood\\\'s Monopoly. It was very hard to track down this full copy. In my opinion this is the best PC version ever made. Nice video clips, music and many game options. You can vs. up to 5 CPU or run multiplayer games over your network.

Release Date: 1995
Game Type   : PC Board Game
Disk        : 1 CD
Size on HD  : 189MB


GameSpot's review:

"I know what you're thinking: "It's Monopoly; how hi-tech can it be?" As unlikely as it may sound, Westwood has transformed Parker Brothers' classic board game into a box full of highly rendered, smoothly animated, multiplayer goodness.

Even in single-player mode, Monopoly shines as a brilliant example of what programmers can do with a simple concept if they set their minds to it. Attached to all game pieces, board locations and events are beautifully rendered 3-D animations—over 800 in all—that faithfully recreate the game's early 1930s appeal. The soundtrack is pleasant, though it can get annoying over the duration of what are often lengthy competitions. Besides the window dressing, Monopoly also offers everything you'd expect from the board game: money, extensive trading options that allow players to wheel and deal properties, and even "Get Out of Jail Free" cards.

Monopoly's greatest feature is its carefully designed multiplayer support. You can challenge up to five other players in either network or Internet mode. If none of your friends are ready to play, check out Westwood's Internet waiting room, where you'll find other players from all over the world who are looking for a game. (Yes, the game will even sort out differences in language and currency types.).

In the end, even with all the bells and whistles, Monopoly is Monopoly, and if you don't like the board game, you won't like the computer adaptation. But if you're a fan, Westwood's take on the venerable classic is a great way to compete with players all over the world from the comfort of your own home."


Install instructions:

1. Extract Westwood Monopoly.iso
2. Extract Setup_cd.exe from the Monopoly_32_bit_Installer.rar
3. Mount Westwood Monopoly.iso
4. Run Setup_cd.exe

(The original setup that comes on the CD is a 16-bit setup. If people are using a 64-bit OS they will NEED to use the new 32-bit installer included in this torrent. If you do not do this the installer WILL CRASH!.) =p


TIP: If you would like the resolution bigger then the one they start you with, right click on the Monopoly CD-ROM shortcut > Properties > Compatibility > Run in 640 x 480.


NOTES:

Credits goto Aroenai for the 32-bit (clean) installer. 

TIME TO GO BANKRUPT SOME PEEPS =p

Any questions or issues please post below. Good luck!