
Product Description

Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended

Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended software is the ultimate solution for advanced digital imaging, delivering all the editing and compositing capabilities of Photoshop CS5 plus breakthrough tools that let you create and edit 3D and motion-based content.

What's new in Photoshop CS5 Extended:

For design projects

Go beyond traditional digital imaging. Easily select intricate image elements, such as hair. See space fill in almost magically when you remove image elements. Create 3D logos and artwork by easily extruding text and other 2D graphics.

Extraordinary painting effects - Achieve natural and realistic painting effects with the Mixer Brush, which offers on-canvas color blending; Bristle Tips, which let you create lifelike, textured brush strokes; an onscreen color picker; and more.

Content-Aware Fill - Remove any image detail or object and watch as Content-Aware Fill magically fills in the space left behind. This breakthrough technology matches lighting, tone, and noise so it looks as if the removed content never existed.

Complex selections made easy - Easily select intricate image elements, such as hair, for refinements, compositing, or placing in layout. Eliminate background color around selection edges, and automatically vary selection edges and perfect masks using new refinement tools.

Puppet Warp - Precisely warp or stretch graphics, text, or image elements to create unique new looks for your designs.

Superior HDR imaging - Create photo-realistic or surreal HDR images with unprecedented speed, control, and accuracy. Get better-than-ever results thanks to automatic ghost removal and greater control with tone mapping and adjustments, and even give single-exposure photos the look of HDR.

Efficient workflow - Enjoy productivity and creativity boosts thanks to dozens of features and enhancements requested by Photoshop users. Straighten images automatically, choose colors from an onscreen color picker, adjust the opacity of many layers at once, and more.

Better media management - Easily manage media with more flexible batch renaming, and access your assets in the context of what you're working on by using the customizable Adobe Mini Bridge panel in Photoshop Extended.

3D extrusions with Adobe Repousse - Create 3D logos and artwork from any text layer, selection, path, or layer mask with Adobe Repousse technology. Twist, rotate, extrude, bevel, and inflate your designs.

State-of-the-art raw image processin - Use the Adobe Photoshop Camera Raw 6 plug-in to nondestructively remove image noise while preserving color and detail; add grain to make digital photos look more organic; enjoy more control when performing post-crop vignetting; and more.

Enhanced 3D realism and rich materials - Enhance 3D objects and designs with easy shadow creation, image-based lights, and materials like glass and chrome. Explore with different focus points in your 3D scene by adjusting the range for depth of field.

Faster performance across platforms - Speed up day-to-day imaging tasks and process very large images up to 10 times faster by taking advantage of cross-platform 64-bit support. (Requires a 64-bit-capable computer with a 64-bit version of Mac OS, Microsoft® Windows® 7, or Windows Vista®. Actual performance varies depending on amount of RAM, driver types, and other factors.)

For web projects:

Explore new web design possibilities. Easily select intricate image elements, such as hair, for placing in layout, and make pages pop with 3D artwork.

Content-Aware Fill - Remove any image detail or object and watch as Content-Aware Fill magically fills in the space left behind. This breakthrough technology matches lighting, tone, and noise so it looks as if the removed content never existed.

3D extrusions with Adobe Repousse - Design with greater flexibility thanks to Adobe Repousse technology. Create 3D logos, web buttons, and artwork from any text layer, selection, path, or layer mask, and then twist, rotate, extrude, bevel, and inflate your designs.

Extraordinary painting effects - Achieve natural and realistic painting effects with the Mixer Brush, which offers on-canvas color blending; Bristle Tips, which let you create lifelike, textured brush strokes; an onscreen color picker; and more.

Complex selections made easy - Easily select intricate image elements, such as hair, for refinements, compositing, or placing in layout. Eliminate background color around selection edges, and automatically vary selection edges and perfect masks using new refinement tools.

Puppet Warp - Precisely warp or stretch graphics, text, or image elements to create unique new looks for your web designs.

Superior HDR imaging - Create photo-realistic or surreal HDR images with unprecedented speed, control, and accuracy. Get better-than-ever results thanks to automatic ghost removal and greater control with tone mapping and adjustments, and even give single-exposure photos the look of HDR.

Streamlined creative reviews - Use Adobe CS Review — an Adobe CS Live online service* — to initiate a more secure review from within Photoshop Extended. Reviewers add comments to your images from their browsers, and you see those comments immediately. CS Live services are complimentary for a limited time.

Enhanced 3D realism and rich materials - Enhance 3D objects and designs with easy shadow creation, image-based lights, and materials like glass and chrome. Explore with different focus points in your 3D scene by adjusting the range for depth of field.

Better media management - Easily manage media with more flexible batch renaming, and access your assets in the context of what you're working on by using the customizable Adobe Mini Bridge panel in Photoshop Extended.

Efficient workflow - Enjoy productivity and creativity boosts thanks to dozens of features and enhancements requested by Photoshop users. Straighten images automatically, choose colors from the onscreen color picker, adjust the opacity of many layers at once, and more.

Faster performance across platforms - Speed up day-to-day imaging tasks and process very large images up to ten times faster by taking advantage of cross-platform 64-bit support. (Requires a 64-bit-capable computer with a 64-bit version of Mac OS, Microsoft® Windows® 7, or Windows Vista®. Actual performance varies depending on amount of RAM, driver types, and other factors.)

System requirements:

    * Intel® Pentium® 4 or AMD Athlon® 64 processor
    * Microsoft® Windows® XP with Service Pack 3; Windows Vista® Home Premium, Business, Ultimate, or Enterprise with Service Pack 1 (Service Pack 2 recommended); or Windows 7
    * 1GB of RAM
    * 1GB of available hard-disk space for installation; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on removable flash-based storage devices)
    * 1024x768 display (1280x800 recommended) with qualified hardware-accelerated OpenGL graphics card, 16-bit color, and 256MB of VRAM
    * Some GPU-accelerated features require graphics support for Shader Model 3.0 and OpenGL 2.0
    * DVD-ROM drive
    * QuickTime 7.6.2 software required for multimedia features
    * Broadband Internet connection required for online services

