File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:43

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1604 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.32 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles and is in French.


Bliss is a 2000 French pop album by singer Vanessa Paradis. It is her fourth studio album and contains the single "Commando".

The album proved to be one of her least successful efforts, with none of the singles reaching the No. 1 spot in France as anticipated. However, it is unique for the primary reason that American actor Johnny Depp played on some of the tracks. It also marks the recording debut of Lily Rose Depp, Johnny and Vanessa's daughter, as she features on one track.

Despite a weak chart run, Bliss spawned a few minor hit singles. The primary one was "Pourtant", which is often regarded as Paradis' most poetic work. Singles "Commando" and "Que fait la vie" were the other single releases off this album.

Fans also note Bliss for its' extensive artwork, all of which was hand-painted by Vanessa Paradis and Johnny Depp, with use of watercolors. The lyrics are included with the booklet.

The album topped the French album charts and remained on the charts for 49 weeks 

Vanessa Chantal Paradis (born 22 December 1972) is a French singer, model and actress. She became a child star at 14 with the worldwide success of her single "Joe le taxi". Since then, she has accomplished a career in music, movies and modelling.

On the musical side, she is included in the French children's album and concert Le Soldat Rose in 2006. Paradis released a new album (Divinidylle) in 2007 which was released in the UK on December 11 (September in France). There are three versions (regular, limited edition, and the Christmas edition). She started the Divinidylle Tour in October. Some concerts were filmed and a DVD/CD of the tour was released. Her latest film DVD release is La Clef. Also, Vanessa won two 'Les Victoires de la Musique' awards for this album in February 2008. Some of her later projects include a greatest hits CD (Best of Vanessa Paradis) which includes the commercial jingle "I love Paris in the Springtime"; she will also star in the animated film Un monstre à Paris, due to be released in 2010.

Her latest film in theatres is the romantic comedy Heartbreaker alongside Romain Duris and Andrew Lincoln, which grossed over €30 million in France and has also been performed strongly with critics. It was released in the UK in July 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/