Book........................A Good War
Author.....................Patrick Bishop
Narrator..................Terry Wale
Abr/Unabr...............Unabridged
Genre.......................Adventure
Source.....................13 CDs
Encoder...................Fraunhofer[FhG]	
Converted to...........64 KBit/s CBR / 44,100 Hz / Mono 
No.of MP3 Files......13
Total Size................409 MB 
Total Runtime.........15 Hours
Ripped by….............OldScotsman
Date.......................... 19-July-2011 

About The Book
Adam Tomaszewski is a Polish airman, flying Hurricanes alongside British pilots as the Battle of Britain rages. Adam finds himself drawn to a maverick Irish soldier called Gerry Cunningham. You're out of luck, brother, are the first words Gerry says when they meet in the crush of men competing for a few women at a dance at a seaside hotel, but when Gerry betrays his lover Moira, Adam's fortunes seem to have changed. For the next four years, Adam and Gerry's lives are intertwined like good luck and bad, life and death. Their paths crossing at various points on Adam's perilous journey from the ruins of Poland to the rolling English countryside, from Egypt to Occupied France.

 
About The Author
Patrick Bishop has been a foreign correspondent since 1982 covering numerous wars and conflicts around the world. In the last five years he has emerged as a highly regarded military historian with his books Fighter Boys and Bomber Boys which cast new light on the men who flew in the Battle of Britain and the Strategic Air Campaign against Germany. His first novel, A Good War, a story of love, action and intrigue which takes place in Britain in 1940 and France in 1944 was published in 2008. 

 
About The Reader
Terry Wale was born in London and made his first professional debut aged thirteen as Puck in Tyrone Guthrie´s production of A Midsummer Night´s Dream at the Old Vic Theatre. 
Terry wrote the musical play Judy, based on the life of Judy Garland, which was nominated for a London Theatre Critics Award and earned for its star Lesley Mackie, the Olivier Award for Best Performance in a Musical. In 2003 Terry won a Silver Award at the Spoken Word Awards in London and is currently adding to his list of more than 100 audio books, recorded over the last ten years.

All the above information including the picture I have inserted into the ID3 tags on the MP3 files so if you have ticked “Show pop-up descriptions for folder and desktop items” under the View tag in FOLDER OPTIONS, you should be able to read them and see the picture by simply passing the mouse cursor over the files. 

If you are planning to put them on and iPod or i-Phone you do not have to convert them to .m4b format, see my upload for more information at the link below.
How to make any mp3 Audiobook "bookmarkable"(remember your place in the book where you were there last) for your i-Pod or i-Phone without converting to m4b 

Remember, we have uploaded these books just for you because we wish to share them. It is only right therefore, you share them with others, and the only way you can do this, is to keep SEEDING. In other words, don't stop after you have finished the download. Check and make sure your torrent program is set to continue uploading even after the downloading has been completed. A ratio of 2.0 means you are giving back twice what you have received, the book won’t die and all our efforts have not been wasted but 5.0 would be outstanding. We do our bit and you do your bit, sounds fair, doesn't it. If you are new to this and don't understand, type a message at the bottom and if I can't help, I know someone who can.   


Enjoy and Seed!!