ABOUT THE VEGES SOUND MACHINE AND AUDIO TAPE

The Veges® Sound Machine is a low frequency, audible sound machine whose tones stimulate the uptake of foliar and ground nutrients by the target plant(s) by opening pores.  It will increase the absorption of carbon dioxide, moisture and nutrients from the air.  The low frequency of less than 4000 Hertz is not blocked by buildings or trees.

The Veges® Sound Machine covers a 50-100 acre circular pattern.
Sealed units are built to last a lifetime when properly cared for, as there are no moving parts.  The unit includes a built in solar panel/battery charger and timer.   A car battery and three (3) 5 ft. by 4 inch PVC pipes [schedule 40] need to be obtained locally.  These pipes become the "organ pipes" to amplify the sound.  The battery runs the sound unit and the solar panel keeps the battery charged.  Never play the sound for more than a few seconds without the 5 foot pipes inserted into the collars or the speakers will be damaged.  Stands are sold separately.  

A separate stand should be used with the Sound Machine.  The stand should support the sound box such that the bottom of the pipes are at least 12 inches off the ground. It can be more than 12 inches, but never less. The sound that the unit emits will travel down the PVC pipes and will then roll out along the ground.  This is the best way for the sound to travel.  You can build your own support unit as long as it keeps the bottom ends of the PVC Sound Tubes that you attach to the sound box, at least 12 inches off the ground or purchase the specially designed aluminum stands from BWT.

Be sure to attach the sound box to the frame to prevent dislodging or theft.  You will also need to put spacers between the 5 ft. tubes in the middle and/or near the ends to prevent dislodging the collars from the bottom of the sound box.  Set screws may also be used to secure the pipes into the collars.  Gluing is not recommended as it makes the entire unit cumbersome to deal with thereafter.  Finally, we suggest some flexible screening be placed over the bottom end of the pipes to prevent insect or bird entrance. 

The unit should never be played if it is not attached to the 5 ft. PVC pipes.  However, you may want to test the unit before you go to the trouble of mounting it in the field.  The unit should produce an audible sound.  However, Do not play the sound for more than 5 seconds without the pipes or damage will occur.  If a unit does not produce an audible sound when attached to a 12 volt car battery and selected for "manual" mode when first received, then it should be returned post paid for an exchange.  Be sure and note the small indicator bar that appears in the face of the timer as you select the various modes.   

Important to remember:  The sound produced by the Sound Machine, although a low frequency, is audible. If when standing next to a plant you cannot hear the unit from a given distance with normal hearing & no distracting noise, that means it is probably not working on that plant.  There may be some residual benefit to the plant, but it will not produce the desired results.

 An alternative for smaller acreage:  The Veges® Sound Machine is intended for commercial acreage of 50-100 acres.  It can certainly be used on smaller acreage, but might not be as cost effective for small areas as the use of a tape recorder or boom box.  For Greenhouses, the sound from a tape is sufficient.  If you have acreage that you feel is too small for the Veges® Machine, but too big for convenient use of a tape recorder or boom box, here is a suggestion:

Connect a tape player or boom box to the front of a tractor, and one to the back.  As the tractor travels through the fields, the sound will be emanating in both directions.  Then park the tractor in the area and let it continue to play for another 20-30 minutes.  Normally, you want to play the sound at least 30 minutes before you spray and at least 30 minutes after you spray, but this technique is worth trying.   