                      PART  288


               BONEY M  - Sunny  (1977)
               ERUPTION  - I Can't Stand The Rain  (1977)
               ERUPTION  - I Can't Stand The Rain  (1978)
               ERUPTION  -  One Way Ticket  (1978)
               CHERRY LAINE  -  Catch The Cat  (1979)



     "Sunny" is the name of a song written by Bobby Hebb. It is one of the most covered popular songs, with hundreds of versions released. BMI rates "Sunny" number 25 in its "Top 100 songs of the century". Hebb wrote the song after 22 November 1963, the day U.S. President John F. Kennedy was assassinated and Hebb's older brother Harold was killed in a knife fight outside a Nashville nightclub. Hebb was devastated by both events and many critics say that those events inspired the tune. According to Hebb, he wrote the song as an expression of a preference for a "sunny" disposition over a "lousy" disposition."Sunny" was recorded at Bell Sound Studios in New York City and released as a single in 1966. It met an immediate success, which resulted in Hebb touring in 1966 with The Beatles.
Boney M. version - "Sunny"  was taken from their 1976 debut album "Take the Heat Off Me", following their breakthrough single "Daddy Cool" and was another major hit single that topped the German charts.
    "I Can't Stand the Rain" is a song originally recorded by Ann Peebles, and written by Don Bryant, Bernard "Bernie" Miller & Ann Peebles. The song became Peebles' biggest hit when in 1973 it reached #38 on the US Pop Chart and #6 on the R&B/Black Chart. The single also reached #41 on the UK Pop Chart in April 1974. It was one of John Lennon's favorite songs and in a Billboard Magazine article he commented, "It's the best song ever." Eruption released a disco-oriented remake in 1978, which peaked at number six on the disco chart and became the group's biggest hit (#18 Pop in the U.S.).
    "One Way Ticket" is a song by Eruption from their second album titled "Leave a Light" launched towards the end of 1978.The first single of the album "I'll Keep a Light in My Window" was not a big seller. The second single, "One Way Ticket" (a cover of Neil Sedaka's song written by Jack Keller and Hank Hunter), restored them at the top of the charts (a UK #9 hit). 
    Cherry Laine (Jamaica) is female disco star. Her first single was "Everybody Knows It", but the big breakthrough came with 1977’s "Night In Chicago", which became a popular hit throughout Europe. The next hit came in 1978 entitled "Catch the Cat". This song became so successful in Spain that it had 8 different remix versions in Spanish and it reached a double gold record