Restore. Retouch. Remove. Repair.
No one does it better than Image Doctor® 2.

Everyone loves the perfect photo. That’s also why everyone loves Image Doctor 2, the powerful Photoshop® plug-in from Alien Skin Software. Image Doctor’s unique software algorithms can save what would be the perfect photo from the trash bin while saving you hour upon hour of Photoshop work trying to fix it.

Restore old photos. With Image Doctor, restoring that precious old shot is a breeze. Select a rip or scratch and Image Doctor heals it.

Retouch new photos. Whether it’s a mole, tattoo, scar or other blemish, Image Doctor makes photo retouching quick and easy. You can also soften skin with the click of your mouse.

Remove unwanted objects. Image Doctor’s powerful Smart Fill feature removes large, unwanted objects from photos, such as trash items from foregrounds and undesirable guests from party photos. Smart Fill can automatically replace these areas with an intelligent sampling of the nearby background pattern or the user can specify the location of the background samples.

Repair low-quality JPEG images. Use Image Doctor’s JPEG Repair to fix blocky areas and ragged edges in over-compressed JPEG images. Select an area for repair or use it on your entire photo.

Who uses Image Doctor. Image Doctor users include both professional and novice photographers, photo editors, service bureau professionals, graphic designers, and web designers. Anyone who needs to remove or replace unwanted photographic details will find Image Doctor indispensable.

Image Doctor renders seamless removals of unsightly blemishes and objects. It enables photo editors to de-clutter bad photographic compositions with just a few clicks of a mouse. Web designers, service bureaus, and hobbyists can restore and repurpose badly compressed JPEGs, including cell phone photos. Portrait photographers can use Image Doctor as digital makeup, removing pimples, moles, scars, and tattoos in one click. Photographers can then soften skin areas where these blemishes were or fix oily patches of skin. Hobbyists and professionals can use Image Doctor to restore old photos by removing dust and scratches.