Metro 2033

Metro 2033 is a first-person shooter video game with survival horror elements. The game is based on the novel Metro 2033 by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky. It was developed by 4A Games in Ukraine and was released in March 2010, Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360. In March 2006 4A Games announced Glukhovsky to cooperate with the game. The game was published in 2009 at the Games Convention in Leipzig, as well as the official trailer. A sequel was announced, now called Metro: Last Light.

Gameplay
The game is played from the perspective character named Artyom. The story takes place post-apocalyptic Moscow, mostly inside the subway, where the player character was raised (he was born before the war, unharmed in the city), but sometimes the tasks of bringing a player on earth.
As the first-person shooter, Metro 2033 is a variety of weapons, some fictional and some based on real weapons, which the player uses in battle. Combat turns the player battles mutants, and hostile to the player battles people. Mutants are not in possession of weapons, and usually physically attack the legion of players, when people are fighting the same fire for the player. To download a game instead of the traditional health system, health points if a player is taking to avoid injury to the period of time, his health slowly, however, download a player can speed up this process by using the stim from the medkit, which almost immediately heal them to full health. When a player is seriously injured, it may take more than twenty seconds to return to full health.
In post-apocalyptic environment, the ammo is rare and essential commodity. The Pre-Apocalypse Military-grade ammunition is used in the currency, to avoid the "Shooting of money", the player can also use lower-quality bullets to Underground. Owing to the scarcity of ammunition, a key part of the gameplay is the cleaning system. A player can loot corpses and environmental reserve ammunition, and weapons and objects. Military-grade ammunition can be purchased from other ammunition, weapons, items, and most of the metro stations.
The game places reflect the dark mood really underground tunnels, which have been added to the horror elements. Strange phenomena, and sounds are often, and usually the player must rely on only a flashlight to find a way up in total darkness. Even more deadly is the surface, because it is heavily irradiated and the gas mask is worn at all times, because the toxic air. [7] Often the locations is a complex layout, and the game has no map, when the player tries to find their targets only a compass.
Since Metro wants to be engaging, the gameplay and interface are a little atypical. The game is not relying on the meter audible heart rate and blood splatters on the screen displays player's current state of health. The player must collect air filters for gas masks, which will last for several minutes each, and will automatically be overwritten if the player has more in reserve. There is no heads-up display indicator to tell how long a player has a gas mask filters begin to fail, but the character wristwatch timer shows how long until the current filter ends. The gas mask can become visibly damaged and stops working, if you break out, it is required to replace. Each gun, bullets (partially) visible, informing the player that the weapon is running out of ammo, and they need to be recharged. The game does feature a few traditional HUD elements, such as ammo indicator.
Also some of the moral choices the game gives points that lead to different endings. Options can either get you a good point, for example: (Saving the Communist prisoners of the Nazis.) Or Nothing (leave them to take.) Once again, some may even give you a negative point for a moral, for example: (Being rude to people or stealing cartridges (Currency ).

system Requirements

minimum
Operating system: Windows XP
CPU dual-core CPU (no Core 2 Duo or better will do)
Memory 1 GB
Hard drive space 12GB
Graphics Hardware DirectX 9.0c compliant graphics cards (GeForce 8800, GeForce GT220 and above),
Shader Model 3
Sound Hardware DirectX 9.0c compliant soundcard

SEEEEEED AND COMMENT

guide
1.Download the torrent μtorrentilla or equivalent
2.install game with daemon tools.
3.copy/paste crack c: / program file / folder to install
4.And enjoy
And yet commented on the step 5 and Seed plzz: 9


