Earlier this year I rediscovered AC/DC with their immortal classic "Back in Black". I am not a big metalhead that I once was just a decade ago back in high school. I really don't care for today's brand of hard rock. A lot of it I find contrived and pure drivel. Most hard rock bands won't last long as AC/DC has, nor will they have a lasting impact that the legendary Aussie band has over rock 'n roll music. I found a used copy of the remastered "Razor's Edge" today. I loved songs like "Thunderstruck", "Moneytalks" and "Are You Ready" back in high school and I still do to this day, so I had to buy this album. "Razor's Edge" may not be "Highway to Hell" (another AC/DC album I need to get) or "Back in Black" but it sure as heck a fun album to listen to. I almost forgot how much I loved "Are You Ready" with its sing along chorus from rhythmn guitarist Malcom Young and bassist Cliff Williams. An absolutely infectious hard rock song that just sticks into the listener's head permenantly. "Thunderstruck" is without a doubt one of the best songs that showcases Angus Young's undeniable guitar talents and a reminder to young and upcoming guitarists why he is still one of the best hard rock guitarists around. Like "Are You Ready", "MoneyTalks" is incredibly catchy with its sing-along chorus. I love that song to pieces. That song ranks right up there with "You Shook Me All Night Long" and "Highway to Hell" as one of the overall best AC/DC tracks around. AC/DC gets a lot of flack for sounding the same on each record but I see the band staying true to their bluesy hard rock sound and consistently putting out great rock and roll albums. So what if each album sounds alike? AC/DC has been around for two, three decades now and has managed to remain relevant and maintain a successful career to this very day. I seriously doubt that in 20-30 years we are going to remember bands like Linkin Park and Cold. AC/DC forever! 

by Erica Anderson

TRACKLIST:

01 - Thunderstruck.wma                                 
02 - Fire Your Guns.wma                                
03 - Moneytalks.wma                                    
04 - The Razors Edge.wma                               
05 - Mistress For Christmas.wma                        
06 - Rock Your Heart Out.wma                           
07 - Are You Ready.wma                                 
08 - Got You By The Balls.wma                          
09 - Shot Of Love.wma                                  
10 - Let's Make It.wma                                 
11 - Goodbye And Good Riddance To Bad Luck.wma         
12 - If You Dare.wma   

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO