Plot:

emperance Brennan is als forensisch antropologe werkzaam op het Jeffersonian Institute. Samen met haar team van uitermate getalenteerde wetenschappers helpt ze de FBI om moordzaken op te lossen. Niet alleen oude, onopgeloste moordzaken worden opgelost, maar ook recente moordzaken. Tijdens haar werk voor de FBI werkt ze samen met Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz). Tussen de FBI en het Jeffersonian Institute bestaan soms onenigheden, zoals die ook tussen Brennan (en haar team) en Booth bestaan. Maar uiteindelijk lossen de twee partijen de zaken altijd weer op.




Seizoen 6:


Season 6, Episode 1: The Mastodon in the Room
With Cam's reputation and career on the line, the team travels from overseas to help her solve the case of an unidentified young boy. 
The Forensics Anthropology Unit lost much of its vigor after disbanding to pursue personal ventures, and it will take the collaborative energy and knowledge of the newly reunited team to 
unravel evidence and find closure for the family of the unknown boy. After unearthing new clues in the lab and making unexpected personal discoveries, the team realizes they belong back in Washington, D.C.


	
Season 6, Episode 2: The Couple in the Cave
When the remains of a couple are discovered in a cave at National Park, the team must piece together the identity of the man and the woman as well as solve the crime. 
After interrogating two viable suspects, the team identifies the woman as a marketing executive who also served as her partner's AA sponsor, providing clues that lead them to expose the truth. Meanwhile, 
Booth's girlfriend and Afghanistan war correspondent, Hannah Burley, makes a surprise visit. After meeting Burley and sensing the couple's genuine happiness, Brennan re-evaluates her own relationship with Booth, 
and he tries to teach her that love is not always logical.


	
Season 6, Episode 3: The Maggots in the Meathead
When Booth and Brennan are called to investigate decomposed remains found at the Jersey Shore, the team IDs the victim as Richie "The V" Genaro, a 23-year-old who partied the night before at a popular nightclub. 
Booth and Brennan question Genaro's peers including self proclaimed girlfriend Marie Galasso and the club bouncer, and Brennan surprisingly proves her pop culture savvy and anthropological expertise after watching 
what she believes to be a documentary on the inhabitants of the Jersey Shore, but was in actuality a reality show set there. Meanwhile, at the lab, the team grows fond of Booth's girlfriend, Hannah, and Angela tries to 
keep her pregnancy a secret


	
Season 6, Episode 4: The Body and the Bounty
After a skull and decomposing hands are found in a dumpster, the team must not only solve the crime but also search for the rest of the victim's remains. Identified as Ray Raminsky, 
the victim turns out to be a bounty hunter in search of Charles Braverman, a man indicted for the murder of a co-worker. Meanwhile, Brennan is asked by Professor Bunsen Jude "The Science Dude" 
if he can shoot an episode of his children's show from The Jeffersonian Lab with Brennan as his special guest. Brennan initially turns him down, but is surprised when he makes her a deal she can't refuse, 
so she takes him on as a new "squintern." As the team pieces together the details of the crime, they discover that they are not alone in the hunt for Braverman and find themselves in a chase with an unexpected suspect.


	
Season 6, Episode 5: The Bones That Weren't
After the skull of a promising young dancer is found lodged in concrete at a construction site, the team must first figure out what happened to the victim's skeletal structure. 
After learning the victim quit ballet to pursue hip hop, Booth and Brennan uncover another layer of evidence that points them to a suspect who had a secret relationship with the victim. 
Meanwhile, when Hannah is put on assignment in a dodgy part of town, her safety is jeopardized and her life is put in critical danger.


	
Season 6, Episode 6: The Shallow in the Deep
The past and present collide when human remains from a 150-year-old slave ship, the Amelia Rose, surface. The team is tasked to give the deceased a proper burial but make an unforeseen discovery linked to a recent murder. 
In the course of the investigation, Booth and Brennan are led to a different kind of ship - a "Cougar" cruise - where they learn their victim was seen moments before his death. Meanwhile, 
Sweets struggles to maintain a casual relationship with Daisy, and Cam discovers a surprising and emotional connection to the Amelia Rose.


	
Season 6, Episode 7: The Babe in the Bar
When human remains are discovered in the world's largest chocolate bar, a "sweet" event for a candymaker quickly turns bitter. As eccentric chocolate factory owner Jimmy Walpert deals with the tragedy,
the team soon discovers that the victim was a mysterious character whose past is full of secrets, lies and love affairs. Meanwhile, Cam struggles with her 
daughter's decision to attend a university that fails to meet her high standards, and Hodgins asks Angela to arrange a party to announce her not-so-secret pregnancy.

	
Season 6, Episode 8: The Twisted Bones in the Melted Truck
Booth and Brennan's next case leads them to a crime scene where a human carcass has literally melted into the dashboard of a charred truck. As the team investigates the case, 
they discover a gunshot wound in the victim, but learn that neither the fire nor the bullet was the cause of the victim's death. Additional clues lead them to a local high school where the victim's wife is a teacher. 
As a student-teacher relationship begins to surface and a pattern takes shape in the lab, the team is able to track down the murder weapon and solve the crime. Meanwhile, Sweets resists the temptation of allowing his
 feelings for Daisy to interfere with helping her pass a government psychological evaluation, and Hannah attempts to break the ice and warm up to Booth's son Parker.


	
Season 6, Episode 9: The Doctor in the Photo
Brennan gets a glimpse into her own life when the body of a brilliant and career-driven surgeon is found in a rough neighborhood with multiple fractures in her skull and no indication as to how or why she was there. While the team investigates the case objectively, Brennan struggles to separate her own life from the victim's as she perceives many parallels between them the more she learns about the victim's past. Meanwhile, evidence found at the crime scene brings the team closer to solving the case, but it's Brennan's unique perspective that propels her to retrace the final events of the victim's life. With the reassurance of a new friend and Jeffersonian security guard, Micah Leggat, Brennan makes a discovery about herself and learns a lesson about taking chances.


	
Season 6, Episode 10: The Body in the Bag
An unidentifiable body is discovered in the shower of an upscale home belonging to a young female socialite. With the help of nosy bones expert and Jeffersonian "squint" Clark Edison, skeletal reconstruction and evidence in the drain reveal that the victim was a young girl employed by a counterfeit handbag distributor. The team learns that the victim supplied counterfeit purses to her socialite acquaintance, and after interrogating the self-centered socialite and sifting through footage on a hidden camera, they discover evidence linking them to the murderer. Meanwhile, Angela and Hodgins discuss their future home and where they want to raise a family, and Booth opens up to Hannah about Brennan's feelings for him.
	


Season 6, Episode 11: The Bullet in the Brain
The city anxiously anticipates the arrival of Heather Taffet, more notoriously known as "The Gravedigger," for her final appeal after being sentenced to death for a kidnap-murder and a series of similar coldblooded crimes.
 But when a bullet targeted at The Gravedigger is fired from a distance and hits her, the Jeffersonian team is tasked to piece together the sniper's precise location as well as identify the suspect and his motives.
 With the help of probing investigator Caroline Julian, Booth and Brennan put together a list of likely suspects, but the evidence and the remarkable skill needed to pull off the crime leads the team to believe that the crime was an inside, professional job, leaving Brennan's father Max and even Booth as plausible suspects. Meanwhile, Sweets attempts to put on a brave face after being caught in the firestorm just moments following a chilly encounter with The Gravedigger.
	


Season 6, Episode 12: The Sin in the Sisterhood
A body disguised as a scarecrow is found with a bullet wound in a remote cornfield, and the team is forced to work against the clock to avoid a storm and potential complications that would affect the evidence. 
Booth and Brennan interrogate the victim's three wives, who are also sisters, and learn that jealousy between the sisters and their desire for their husband's attention had caused a major rift in the family. 
Booth and Brennan also question one relative who disapproved of the victim's polygamy. Meanwhile, Cam loses confidence in her relationship with her on-call doctor boyfriend, but they both realize they need to make their 
relationship a priority.


	
Season 6, Episode 13: The Daredevil in the Mold
A BMX rider's remains are discovered on the roof of a warehouse after a failed bike stunt. While Booth and Brennan interrogate the victim's fellow riders, 
Hodgins and newly mellowed "squint" Fisher identify the numerous fractures in the victim's skeletal structure, and Angela recreates the series of events that led to the fatal accident. Meanwhile, 
Sweets turns to Booth for advice about his relationship with Daisy, and Booth makes a decision about his relationship with Hannah.


	
Season 6, Episode 14: The Bikini in the Soup
The liquefied remains of a wedding planner are found in her home tanning bed on Valentine's Day, and Cam pressures her team to solve the case in time so she can celebrate the holiday with her boyfriend.
 While the "squints" works tirelessly in the lab, Booth and Brennan interrogate a slew of possible suspects until they unlock classified files in the victim's computer, which lead to their main suspect. 
Meanwhile, Booth and Brennan downplay the significance of Valentine's Day, and Hodgins tries to plan a romantic day for Angela, but "squint" Clark helps him realize that the most meaningful gifts come from the heart.


	
Season 6, Episode 15: The Killer in the Crosshairs
After notoriously murdering "The Gravedigger," sniper-on-the-loose Jacob Broadsky strikes again. This time, his victim is a prior suspect who escaped the justice system. More determined than ever to catch Broadsky, 
Booth uses his own military training to beat the sniper at his own game. He vows to go to any lengths necessary to ensure that justice is served. In a heated and dramatic face-off, Booth has minutes to catch Broadsky before he hits an intended target, but Broadsky's skill and speed may prove to be a worthy adversary. Meanwhile, Angela's father visits the Jeffersonian and insists on naming his unborn grandchild.


	
Season 6, Episode 16: The Blackout in the Blizzard
A severe blizzard causes a city-wide blackout, adding to the obstacles the team must overcome in order to solve a murder case that could be linked to a potential viral outbreak. 
But when Booth and Brennan find themselves trapped in an elevator during the power outage, Sweets is on hand for outside assistance, but does more than what's asked of him when he initiates a touchy conversation 
about Booth and Brennan's relationship. Meanwhile, Angela and Hodgins get worrisome news about the health of their unborn baby, and Hodgins and "squint" Wendell Bray get creative in the lab and put their scientific skills 
to use to identify the victim and the rare disease.


	
Season 6, Episode 17: The Feet on the Beach

Eight pairs of dismembered feet wash ashore after a recent flood on the U.S.-Canada border, but things don't add up when seven pairs of feet are identified as research corpses from a nearby university body farm. 
When Canadian forensic podiatrist Dr. Douglas Filmore takes the remains back to Canada, he and Brennan form an alliance to match the pairs of feet and identify the victim, and a rare and expensive pair of sneakers 
leads the team to the victim's murderer. Meanwhile, Cam gets in hot water when she makes college plans for her daughter behind her back.


	
Season 6, Episode 18: The Truth in the Myth
The remains of a mythbuster television show host are found in the wilderness appearing to have been killed by the mythic Chupacabra, a reptile-mammal hybrid creature whose existence has not been confirmed. 
The team soon learns that the victim traveled to the remote West Virginian area to debunk the Chupacabra myth, and they interrogate possible suspects, including a rival wilderness-channel host/cryptozoologist/pet psychic. But when a tape is recovered at the crime scene and peculiar tooth marks are found in the victim's remains, the team learns details about the victim's demise that challenge the original theories surrounding his death. Meanwhile, recovering alcoholic squint Vincent Nigel-Murray makes amends with each member of the team and makes some surprising confessions


	
Season 6, Episode 19: The Finder
The remains of a maritime museum security guard are found in the Florida Everglades after an attempt to steal an obsolete 17th century nautical chart fragment used to find treasures. In order to solve the crime, 
Booth seeks out Walter Sherman, a former Iraqi soldier with an uncanny gift to unearth anyone and anything. With Sherman's help, as well as that of his colleague, Ike Latulippe, and his legal advisor, Leo Knox, the team is led to tattoo artist who points them in the direction of a tough young woman. But when the woman is found murdered with remnants of the map lodged in her remains, the team discovers centuries of history linked to the map and the suspect behind the crimes. Meanwhile, Brennan puts Sherman's remarkable skill to the test, and Booth harbors cold feelings toward his former military comrade.


	
Season 6, Episode 20: The Pinocchio in the Planter
The team identifies the remains of a successful ad man found in the grounds of a newly built community center playground. Upon inspecting the victim's home and interrogating his former partner and employer, 
Booth and Brennan discover that the victim burned bridges by adopting an aggressive attitude toward honesty and was a member of a radical honesty support group. Meanwhile, each of the team members attempts to adopt a more honest way of communicating that doesn't always lend itself to good relationships, and Angela urges Hodgins to confront the realities of their pregnancy.


	
Season 6, Episode 21: The Signs in the Silence
When a 15-year-old Jane Doe is found on the streets, it is up to Brennan, Jeffersonian Intern Arastoo Vaziri and the entire Jeffersonian team to figure out her history and if she is responsible for a recent murder.


	
Season 6, Episode 22: The Hole in the Heart
The search for Broadsky intensifies as he manages to kill one of the Squints. Angela and Hodgins name their baby. Booth struggles to protect those closest to him, which leads to an unexpected situation.


	
Season 6, Episode 23: The Change in the Game
The unidentifiable and gruesome remains of a male bowler are found lodged in the automatic pinsetter of a bowling lane. Brennan's father, 
Max Keenan, is a member of the victim's bowling team, but currently sidelined with an injury. With no clear lead in the case, Booth and Brennan go undercover and join the very 
competitive bowling team in hopes of finding clues about the victim. Upon meeting the victim's teammates, including an arrogant 12-year-old bowling prodigy, it becomes apparent there could be many suspects in the case. 
Meanwhile, a very pregnant Angela anticipates her labor at any moment, but continues to work diligently via webcam to identify the murder weapon from the hospital.




Deze serie wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
ga dan eens naar http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs