Leucocyte is a jazz album Esbjörn Svensson Trio released 30 September 2008. As the pianist Esbjörn Svensson died in June 2008, this is the last album for the band.
Allmusic found that, more than any other recording issued by this excellent band, Leucocyte captures the art of music making at the moment of conception. PopMatters said that the album is refreshing if not always easy or fun listening. E.S.T. could have continued making contemplative or gospel-tinged acoustic jazz in the Jarrett/ECM mode (the brief Ajar here is a fine example), but Svensson and his group have been frying bigger fish from the start.
(wikipedia)

- - -

Leucocytes, white blood cells, are a part of the human immune system that protect the body against foreign pathogens and infections. They must periodically renew themselves to continue their work.

For e.s.t., spontaneous jam sessions were the way to renewal. They would often rent a local recording studio for a couple of days during their tours and then start to jam. They did this without any pre-composed material. The musicians reacted freely to each other and let themselves be totally carried by the flow of ideas and musical to and fro. The players needed this freedom in order to explore new musical regions, or as Esbjörn Svensson always formulated it, to follow the music. In the past, many of the trio’s compositions were developed through precisely this art of improvisation.

And there was scarcely another formation on the planet that was as predestined for this way of going about business as e.s.t were. The three performed with an almost telepathic assuredness, breathing as one; This group has become one sound, one genius mutant human being with six hands, three brains and one musical sensibility. (Jamie Cullum). The trio constantly posed the fundamental question, What can a piano trio be that it has not been before? (Pat Metheny).

Leucocyte is the result of one of these two day jams. It took place at the famed Studios 301 in Sydney during the bands Australian tour. In early 2008 e.s.t.s sound engineer Ake Linton joined the band at the Bohus Sound Studios in Gothenburg, Sweden to begin mixing. On April 28 there was a photo shoot in Berlin for the new campaign. On May 16 the artwork and album were delivered to ACT.

Then on June 14 the incomprehensible happened: Esbjörn Svensson, probably the most influential stylist of the last decade, lost his life in a diving accident off the island of Värmdö near Stockholm.

As a result, Leucocyte has become Esbjörn Svenssons and e.s.t.s musical legacy! It is the most venturesome album Esbjörn Svensson (p), Dan Berglund (b), and Magnus Oström (dr) have recorded as e.s.t. The essence of this journey of discovery is its ecstatic energy. It is a trip through the bloodstream sans compositional safety-net and stylistic restraints in which the borders of musical communication are sounded out.

Esbjorn Svensson's orbital musical journey began barely ten years ago with From Gagarin's Point Of View, before coming to Earth with Strange Place For Snow and Seven Days Of Falling. He provided food for the soul with Viaticum, lost himself in his Tuesday Wonderland, and the journey now comes to an end with Leucocyte.
(actmusic.com)

- - -

Esbjörn Svensson Trio - Leucocyte 2008
(München Act)

 1. Decade 
 2. Premonition: I Earth
 3. Premonition: II Contorted 
 4. Jazz 
 5. Still 
 6. Ajar  
 7. Leucocyte: I Ab initio 
 8. Leucocyte: II Ad interim 
 9. Leucocyte: III Ad mortem
10. Leucocyte: IV Ad infinitum


Esbjörn Svensson, piano, elektronik, transistorradio
Dan Berglund, bas elektronik 
Magnus Oström, trummor, elektronik, röst
