 http://www.astrology-house.com/

Janus 4.3 has all of the standard calculation features expected of a top of the line astrology software program, including natal and transit reports, astro-mapping, Arabic Parts, fixed stars, progressed charts and return charts. It also has specialist modules for Cosmobiology, Uranian Astrology, Horary, Electional and Medieval Astrology.

While Janus has been designed to meet the computing needs of professional astrologers, beginners, too, will find it has much to offer. It combines user-friendliness and technical precision with the most extensive list of features found in any astrology program. And, regardless of your level of astrological or computer ability, you will find Janus easy to use.
What's new in Janus 4.3?

    New look screens
    Swiss Ephemeris calculations
    Temporary charts listed on main screen
    Multi-select get or delete charts  
    Large selection of wheels and dials to display on main screen
    Beautiful and comprehensive astro-mapping module 
    User-editable natal, transit, progression, synastry, relocation and child profile interpretation reports available in UK or US English 
    Midpoint interpretations
    Advanced transit, progression and direction calculation options, including pop-up chart wheels and new Timeline
    Page forward and back graphic ephemeris 
    Comprehensive search module for researchers
    Additional traditional astrology techniques
    Aspect Perfection Sequence in Horary, Electional and Medieval modules
    Calculate 1000 + asteroids and list by position, aspect and midpoint
    Western sidereal techniques, including Octoscope and Progressed Solar Return
    Generate Tables of Houses lists
    AND MUCH MORE……….

INSTRUCTIONS:

Simply install (it's the trial off the maker's website, version 4.3) and replace janus4.exe with the one in the torrent. Now it's not a trial anymore! It's a keeper!

I got this from demonoid and repacked it with the latest version. Thanks for the great crack by the fine lads at dvt!

Tested virus free by kaspersky and gdata, and I've used it for a year. 

The only issue is occasional hanging, requiring restarting it, but it's uncommon and no biggie.

I'll seed this forever, but help a fellow out and seed a while. My dsl isn't too hot.