NOTE: I realize this torrent has been uploaded a long time ago - but I think i was a patched version  - here is a fully cracked one.

Official Web SItes:  http://www.obdev.at/products/launchbar/index.html

From the makes of Little Snitch comes the latest version  of Launch Bar. 

It's not easy to learn how to use it, but you will be glad you did when you do!

LaunchBar is a smart and powerful, keyboard driven productivity utility that lets you access and control every aspect of your digital life. Whatever you want to get done on your Mac – with LaunchBar it’s only a few keystrokes away.

Get instant access to applications, documents, contacts, calendars, bookmarks, media libraries, search engines and so much more – just by typing short abbreviations.

It’s a file manager, a web and desktop search tool, an app launcher, a clipboard manager, a jukebox, a calculator, an information browser, … or quite simply a tremendous time saver!

Features: 

Abbreviation Search

 LaunchBar’s powerful, blazing fast adaptive abbreviation search technology allows you to find items just by typing short acronyms of their name.

Keyboard Shortcuts

 Invoke LaunchBar quickly with a system wide hot key, or just by tapping a modifier key.
Clipboard History Preserve the data of your most recent Copy operations, and use the copied objects again later.

ClipMerge

 Combine subsequent Copy operations into one single clipboard object just by
pressing ⌘C twice.

Web Searches

 Searching the web has never been easier. Choose the desired web service, enter your query and get the result instantly shown in your web browser.

Calculator

 From simple numeric calculations up to complex scientific expressions - just open LaunchBar, type your calculation and press Return to get the result.

Quick Look

 Get a quick preview of your current selection just by tapping the space bar.
Instant

Open

 Open items even more quickly. Just hold down the last entered abbreviation character and the selected item opens immediately.

Browsing

 Navigate folders, contacts, bookmarks, recent items, libraries or any other kind of hierarchy with the arrow keys to reveal related information.

File Operations

 Manipulate your files efficiently with the keyboard. Move, rename, compress, assign
color labels, create folders and much more.
Services  Call up Mac OS X Services by name to quickly manipulate text or file selections.

Address Book

 Enjoy the convenient access to your address book data to quickly create new email messages, retrieve phone numbers, postal addresses and other contact details.
Bookmarks

 Get instant access to all of your web browser’s bookmarks, bookmark folders and history.

iTunes

 Browse your iTunes Library, find your favorite tunes and enjoy your most beloved albums and artists.

iCal

 create events and to-dos in your iCal calendars within seconds.

Instant Send

 The most efficient way to send files or text selections to LaunchBar, and then hand them over to applications, folders, email contacts, search templates, services and more.

System Requirements:

OS version: 10.4 or later
Processor type(s) & speed: any
RAM minimum: any
Video RAM: any

--- PLEASE SEED ---
 