"We're pitiful, self-indulgent cowards that can't connect with reality and we're ashamed of ourselves."

The complete five-hour cut of SFAM, with two hours of footage not in the theatrical version, including some of the most important conversations and moments. Published by Criterion as a currently-unavailable three-disc set, with a new translation.

From Criterion:

"When Scenes from a Marriage (1974) was first released theatrically in the U.S., it held the voyeuristic thrill of watching a live couple flailing themselves before our eyes. The nearly three-hour film seemed to do for the institution of marriage what the spectacle of the Louds’ disintegration on PBS was doing for family life in An American Family. Indeed, in the long takes and ferreting camerawork, it bore certain resemblances not only to cinéma vérité-style documentary, but to certain passages in John Cassavetes’ Faces (1968) or A Woman Under the Influence (1974). The comparison of Cassavetes to Ingmar Bergman may sound far-fetched, yet both shared around that time an interest in scenes where characters would go past the ostensible hostile climax into a confusing, unpredictable zone of appeasement and retrenchment. Not that Bergman had ever shied from long dialogue scenes, but this time he seemed to be experimenting with a more impromptu, reactive camera, intent on keeping up with the actors as they straggled through interiors looking for some safe nook, as for a boxing corner between rounds."

Written and directed by Ingmar Bergman, cinematography by Sven Nykvist, starring Liv Ullmann and Erland Josephson, and with cameos from repertory members Bibi Andersson and Gunnel Lindblom.

EXTRAS:
- 15-minute interview with Ingmar Bergman
- 25-minute interview with Ullmann & Josephson
- 15-minute interview with Bergman scholar Peter Cowie

I've seen people ask for this a few times in the comments of other Bergman torrents, so hopefully it stays alive for a while. It can be hard to find the five-hour cut with Criterion's translation.

Yes, it's native Academy, 1.37:1. Not pan and scanned. 