



The Making Of Nova Zembla (2011) - Documentaire  


Nederlands:


Nova Zembla vertelt de historische zeereis onder leiding van Willem Barentsz, die in de zestiende eeuw via de Noordelijke route naar Indië voer. 
Tijdens die reis moest de bemanning onder erbarmelijke omstandigheden overwinteren op de Russische eilandengroep Nova Zembla.
Op deze dvd staat de making of van Nova Zembla, alvast een voorproefje  




Engels:


Nova Zembla tells the gripping true story of the legendary failed mission of the late sixteenth century Dutch flotilla trying to find a trading route to Asia across the North Pole. 
The ship crew, who got stuck in the ice of Nova Zembla and had to survive the dark coldness of winter in the most gruesome of circumstances.
An incredibly powerful story of determination, hardship and a triumph of the human spirit. 
The sixteenth century Dutch ship crew is leaving the port of Amsterdam and sailing to the northern arctic, where they get stuck in the ice. 
Two ships take part at the mission and captain De Rijp decides to return while he still can, while the other ship helmed by Willem Barentsz, 
stubbornly proceeds.
The crew of Willem Barentsz gets stuck in the ice and strands on the island Nova Zembla, where they build and live in the Kept House. 
We discover how they fought polar bears, poisoned themselves by eating polar bear meat, struggled to fight the cold and fought among themselves.
The story emphasizes on Gerrit de Veer, a young man who gets a job on the ship as a writer. 
Although there are a lot of casualties, part of the crew eventually makes it back to civilization and returns one year later to Amsterdam as heroes.



Spotinformatie 

Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail
Menu          : Nee
Audio         : Nederlands
Extra's       : Nee
Ondertitels   : Noppes
Cover & label : Ja
Genre         : Documentaire


 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/75952



 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1911607/



Verrast???? 


Kom eens kijken bij 






