Mike's Beautiful Life- A Story of Our Time and Their Future

This approximately 90 minute DVD rip is a docudrama from Mike Anderson. The theme is summarized as the rise of corporate business power in the USA and the world, from the mid 20th century onward, as being directly responsible for the past, current and futures crises being faced in many areas of life; politically, socially, on matters of healthcare, on the environmentally, for food and energy needs and so on.

In 2010 to put out a film that vilifies the corporate structure and corporations is hardly an original action. Corporation are big, greedy, smelly, manipulative and they do harm and pollute. Yawn! Heard it all before and it is not incorrect to make those charges. But what is new to that protest?

Big Oil, Big Pharma, Big Agra, Big Labor, Big Money and Big Banking, Big Tech, The Main Stream Media, Super Lobbyists, Big Industry, The Big Box Retailers and the ilk all craft the goods, services and policies of daily modern life for the planet. They collectively have no end of detractors and watchdog groups who are fast to point out the seemingly endless crimes and harms these groups engage in. This is not new information; the world depends on corporations for it's modern style of existence we have yet this conduct comes with a heavy price across many areas. 

This presentation has many merits however. To be certain this is a polemic docudrama. Anderson goes about this exploration using the unique tool of history via his personal biography leading to the current day and beyond. The film is a retrospective of his life and the people he met and grew up with. 

Anderson reflects on the days of his youth and who he knew and who each person, himself included, became over the years. Some entered into the corporate world, some politics and others just the middle class life. Anderson is of the Baby Boomer generation and the time line is from post WWII into modern day. 

Who the people became and what their conduct as adults were is the backdrop for the tale and indictment of corporate power and the rise of it and it's effect on the world. To see the eras change and the overall effect of what corporate output does on the population and the world is gripping. Not unlike a time lapse video or sorts, but dealing with impacts and actions of the choices people have made in how they run their lives and the giant business structure that leads this act in the modern world. 

Anderson lived a wonderful middle class American lifestyle. He notes how nice it was: All that came at a hidden cost to him and to the world. This cost he noted only later, now, at the twilight of his life. This film explores the costs and the final price to be paid by generations of humans to come. 

The DVD has many dour and pessimistic tones to it. What is shown, leading to modern times, is not a happy picture. Anderson makes predictions for what is to come as well- none are hopeful. All this is from his personal perspective and his own thoughts. 

That format style validates some points that otherwise could be objectively challenged. Dispute his personal opinions on matters, Anderson presents a ton of citations and resources from which he makes the claims he does. He has hard data and figures and facts to match his point of view. 

A list is here: 
http://www.ravediet.com/mblrefs.html

Anderson attempts to offer some solutions to the perils we are in. Most of the ones involving technology, he does not get into detail about.  He mentions it will take a strong political will to make a switch but that is all he comments. His solutions are mainly those of shifting political policy and limiting or exuding corporations.

I agree with the theme of many of his proposed (but in no way unique to him alone) changes. Still, he insists that 'Big Government' is not a problem only the Big Corporations. This uploader differs on that point: The two forces feed off one another and both need to be 'fixed' for a better global society. After all, corporate welfare and subsidization - which Anderson calls for an end to, rightly so- cannot exist without a massive pool of government funds gotten by a huge government in the fist order. 

Some other points of contention (not to say I am right and he is wrong, only to highlight) I, the uploader, have are with the contradictions raised on some complex current issues which are not in detail addressed by Anderson, though he raises them and points for his position.  

Short list is thus:

His casual mention of how the human race (globally) needs to 'reduce' its population size, but no detail is given. He later bemoans (rightly) the wealth gap internationally and how tens of millions die each year from starvation and disease which could be headed off if there was not the money divide. 

By leaving the fist issue open ended that second part has, sadly, been proffered by many in favor of corporate power grabbing as a 'solution' to the first stated problem. Letting people starve fixes the population issue on its own. Sick but so...

Additionally, there are some groups out there who advocate forced abortion and population quotas etc as a 'fix' to the modern world's issues, but really advocate such measures as a way to get more power into the hands of corporations and other central control organizations. To bring up these issues but not give details nor draw lines between actual assistance to all mankind via policy and conduct change and other agendas which piggyback on power grabs using talk of 'reducing or stabilizing the world population' is sloppy.

The issue of climate change is another topic. Again, the lack of detail while Anderson otherwise did  such a complete job is weak. Big corporate polluters wreck havoc on the world and need to be held accountable for the damage done. S02, mercury, heavy metals, toxic wastes, nuclear wastes etc are all real issues of environmental damage.  The other side, as shown by scandals, such as those who want to push blame on C02 (and sell 'fixes' which they profit from) are just as treacherous. All these matters get put under the large umbrella of Climate Change without distinction nor any solution. 

Big Oil sucks and needs to be held accountable for environmental harm which they do. The Al Gore boys who want to impose carbon taxes and issue carbon credits (most major corporate carbon polluters would be issued large blocks for free by default ironically) so they and a handful of cronies will get rich off that scam also suck. Again, it is sloppy not to pick apart the fully matter of both sides. In the process no real solution is tendered; only a list of the major problems we currently face. 

The need to lower the blind consumerism of modern times (USA mainly as it pointed out) has some merit. Once again, the open ended manner in which the subject is called up is hazardous. I agree with Anderson that material goods won't give happiness nor even lasting real quality of life as corporate advertisers push to sell the public into thinking. 

That said, to 'lower that standard' of living means any number of outcomes. Many of those outcomes can lead to social inequalities, conflict and trouble on par with or worse then the modern world faces. That talk nor idea does not openly allow any Socialist nor Communist to push that 'redistribute the wealth' ploy while power snatching for themselves, though that is one ill which could be advanced. 

The matter of how to ensure true access for wealth and opportunity economically and resource wise to every free citizen has been a challenge in the past and is no less one today. The solution seems to lie not in lowering a standard of lifestyle but in direct accountability and true cost paid for that lifestyle.

Anderson shows that one can ruin the planet to make a buck and live like a king while others have to pay for it and then clean up the mess. You want to live like a king? Then you have to be accountable for the full chain of consequences and costs for a set lifestyle. That in and of itself reorders living standards into more sustainable ones as well as pushed for real innovation and efficiency in order to keep current standards without adding higher costs to them. Or even lowering the true costs overall. 

In terms of moving away from conventional technology which pollutes into new and more efficient and cleaner ones: Anderson gives no real framework on how to get that done. To his credit, the list of cited resources has books which DO lay out more then a few plans (some more realistic then others)  and viable options. 

Anderson notes, correctly, that big corporations cannot police themselves. He calls for tighter regulation of corporations from government. This contradicts what Anderson points out before, namely that the corporations have written the laws and influence the regulating bodies of government to the extent that the government is feckless. So to have the government 'regulate' these corporations is in fact just having another form of corporate self regulation take place, with another fail to follow. 

For within the USA, the FDA and the EPA are examples of this:  Most of their check ups and enforcements do nothing to halt Big Agra and Big Pharma from doing harm and polluting yet those government agencies are notorious for cracking down on smaller organic farmers and legitimate health care provider outside of the main stream medical system. That winds up punishing the honest players and letting the crooks go off freely!

Anderson calls for political solutions to end the corporate tyranny, yet he again gives no substance. He calls to vote in 'honest' politicians but does not talk parties nor guidelines. Some may see it self evident  as to what an honest person is, yet this DVD shows that even the very immoral and dishonest corporations call themselves full on “honest” as well. 

Where (in the USA) to turn to party choice wise?
The Liberal Progressives? The Constitutional Conservatives? The current GOP? The Libertarians? Green Party? I won't say who to pick for your choice, still it would have been nice for Anderson, who did raise the matter, to share some choices of his along with the how and why to back that up.

Anderson briefly pushes the bogus 'Earth First and People Second' perspective; at least that is how is sounds to me due to some of the experts he hand picks to cite on a few matters. Thankfully he calls for humanity to live in balance with the planet at the DVD's end and not the warped view that humans need to be done away with so the globe can be left to wolves, cockroaches and birds. That later view is sometimes presented by extremists who seek to hijack the piqued public interest in the very real current crises the world is facing in order to push an anti humanity agenda. 

Anderson ignores totally the option and use of the courts in seeking total and lasting justice. The need for people to have access to the courts to fully be allowed to sue corporations is a major path to change. Corporations have blocked the manner by which they can be held legally accountable for civil suits on so many grounds...

If you can sue Exxon, BP, MSNBC, Monsanto, Dow, Cargill, GE, GM, Apple, Pfizer etc for serious damages, then the wrong doing would stop once the payout judgments hit! Anderson points out the 'slap on the wrist' simple government fines of $10 million USD when a corporation made $5 billion USD that same year are the norm. The role of the government is to provide courts for citizens to settle disputes using the law. The law must be free from bias (corporate lobbyists) and the courts need to be open.  Corporations have blocked access to the courts and only when the access is freed all the way with the real monetary damages to get paid out from judgments will the harmful conduct scale back or end all together. 

Anderson is pessimistic. While I agree that we have made a mess of matters as humans, we too CAN fix the folly and correct the harms which have been done. Humans are not bad nor evil, too often just very ignorant. Once real information gets instilled and real passion to correct the matters at hand takes root – then the progress toward solving the matter will be tackled with the same vigor which was used in creating it. Anderson's generation and those after made the mess; this one and those to come will fix it and do so in creative and positive fashion. The damage which corporations did and do still started slow and grew ever fast, so too will real fixes start slow and pick up speed until they outpace the acts of the corporations. 

None of my criticisms should deter you from viewing this DVD rip. I only resent some obvious matters that stuck out to me when I view this overall excellent work. The program is food for thought and shares nice insights, many of which I full do agrees with as presented. 

A note of praise is how Anderson makes this whole presentation most enjoyable to watch. It is short but has enough content to inspire talk and show some information from a new vantage point. The theme of large corporate harm and the fact that this is due to the massive structure (of the corporation) itself is valid. This is transferable to other large structures like Big Unions, Big Banking, Big Academics or Big Government as well. We humans, for good intentions or not, seem to have a talent at making organizations that grow in size and in time wind up being useful mainly for destructive purpose and power grabs more then for any constructive aim, as was the original goal of informing these structures.
Then those big titans fight with other titans to get more power, when they are not busy harming the population at large or the world it seems. That fault in thinking and in the execution of how we organize needs to be address. It can be addressed, sanely and correctly. 

Official Product Descriptions for this program:

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
The seeds of four emerging and related crises - energy, food, resource depletion and climate change - were planted in the 20th century, during Mike's beautiful life. Those seeds will bear fruit during the 21st century and will not only shape your future, but the future of generations to come. The next 30 years, in fact, will prove to be a turning point in human civilization. Mike's Beautiful Life is a hard-hitting indictment of how corporate power has taken a wrecking ball to the environment and our health - while rendering Washington helpless to stop the runaway train we're all riding.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Another Official Product Description (Longer)

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
The seeds of four emerging and related crises - energy, food, resource depletion and climate change - were planted in the 20th century, during Mike's beautiful life. Those seeds will bear fruit during the 21st century and will not only shape your future, but the future of generations to come. The next 30 years, in fact, will prove to be a turning point in human civilization.
 
Mike's Beautiful Life is a hard-hitting indictment of how corporate power has taken a wrecking ball to the environment and our health - while rendering Washington helpless to stop the runaway train we're all riding.
 
Find out the real cost of what we are doing to ourselves - and what you can do about it.

 

Why ...

    - pollution is responsible for over 200 diseases and 40 percent of deaths worldwide.
    - the average American has over 250 industrial chemicals in their bodies.
    - babies are born with more than 200 contaminants in their blood.
    - over a third of all diseases in children under five are caused by environmental toxins.
    - biotechnology is one of the most threatening developments for the future.
    - taxpayers are massively subsidizing corporate profits.
    - the real cost of a barrel of oil is $8,000.
    - the price of oil will skyrocket during the next 10 to 15 years.
    - four looming crises will come together and threaten our civilization.
    - we must start caring about the world we live in before it stops caring about us.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Anderson's site is here: 
http://www.ravediet.com/

He has made two additional documentary DVDs: One on Big Agra and the abuses of animals in the food processing business as well as health matters caused by diet and drugs of modern people. The other is about cancer and modern medicine (Western Allopathic) and modern medicine's corporate profit driven aim does not give treatment that heals but rather just harms and poisons. You can find those DVD rips on file hosting sites and maybe on older torrents. 

Widescreen format, no subtitles, English spoken only, DVD source was Standard Definition. 
