Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                     POtHS
                                  Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


                             
                                       

POtHS - Bible Movies - 14 - Jacob



POtHS - Bible Movies - 14 - Jacob

For seven long years, Jacob has labored to earn the right to marry beautiful Rachel. Now the seven years are up - but Rachel's devious father substitutes his elder daughter on the wedding night.

Matthew Modine and Lara Flynn Boyle play Jacob and Rachel in one of the greatest love stories from the Bible. Highlights of Jacob's life - how he usurped his brother Esau's birthright and blessing, the pillow of stone, the ladder to heaven, wrestling with God - are set against the heartache and hope of his relationship with the woman he seems destined never to possess. Sustained by his faith in God and his love for Rachel, Jacob perseveres... and becomes the father of the 12 tribes of Israel. Also starring Sean Bean, Irene Papas and Giancarlo Giannini. Color/93 minutes. Closed captioned. Not rated.



JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.

RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou: Thank You JESUS  
           