About the Game
The P42DC Genesis add-on is an accurate recreation of this familiar and well-liked passenger diesel locomotive complete with Amtrak Superliner passenger cars. The most widely used of Amtraks passenger locomotives, the Genesis is able to operate on all Amtrak lines, making it a common sight on passenger services across the US.

Introduced in 1992 and made up until 2001, the P42DC Genesis is noted for its low roof profile which allows it to use all Amtrak lines, while its V16-cylinder 4,250-horsepower diesel engine and 4 DC traction motors enable it to reach a top speed of 110mph. This 121-ton General Electric locomotive has been modeled in superb detail for RailWorks by G-Trax Simulation with a great many features to make the driving experience as realistic as possible, including correct sounds for the engine generator and K5LA horn and accurately-recreated control systems.

The Amtrak Superliners included with the Genesis feature different passenger views and functioning brake status lights, which allow the train crew to check visually if each car’s brakes are working properly.

GE P42DC Genesis locomotive in Amtrak Phase V and Amtrak 40th Anniversary liveries. The locomotive features fully operational control and information displays, and a functioning Aspect Display Unit to work with in-cab signalling systems as found in the Northeast Corridor Expansion Pack (available separately). The Genesis also features horn-activated crossing bell and flashing ditch lights, alerter with auto emergency brake, plus in-cab lights, opening windows, working sunshades and more.

Amtrak Superliner passenger cars including passenger view with Coach, Baggage Coach, Dining Car, Sightseer Lounge, Sleeper and Transition Sleeper variants, with functioning brake status lights.


3 Scenarios:
Ridin the Chief - Take Amtrak train #4, the eastbound Southwest Chief, from San Bernardino, over Cajon Pass to Barstow with an intermediate stop in Victorville. Your locomotive is a in the special Amtrak Anniversary livery.
Winter Troubleland – a tough wintertime trip starting out from Barstow Station with the Amtrak train #3 Southwest Chief in Amtrak Phase V livery.
Pueblo to Denver via Castle Rock - Guide an Amtrak train from Monument to Castle Rock, with a brief stop at Larkspur along the way.