 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1035730/

Stars the supremely lovely Ms. Nina Hoss of Germany (please help
us seed our Jerichow 2008 movie which alse stars Ms. Hoss)


720 X 480 at 1001k video bitrate 224k audio In German with English 
pre-hardcoded subs


The end of the war brought terrible tragedy to the German people -
most of all our most dear of womenfolk on the planet.

This was a sad time with the crime of rape being taken for granted
as a right granted to the invader courtesy of Stalin-like thinking
amongst the invaders from Russia.

That said, there is some human interaction amidst it all that keeps us 
sane enough and human enough to pick up the pieces after since it appears
that maliciousness is not in fact a universal crime even amongst those that
are found in the wrong company as it were as not all can be equally tainted
with wrong-doing if in fact there is no fair basis for such.

The peoples of Russia have greatness in them too - especially the Irish
spirited women there too - often better true humanly warm spirited and sensible
than even what you will find in all the Americas without a doubt - and we are
sorry that Russia was too invaded and brutally demeaned by Nazi forces that
should have been elsewhere looking for "lower forms of beings" instead - 
as Russia is not the place for such an attitude. It was Hitler that was 
exactly such a menace to the core - and he was cruel to our women
in what befell them as a result in Germany too as a result of the defeat.

Nor is Germany ever going to be allowed to be defiled this way again 
as were the women of Berlin depicted in this terrible tale of a sad
state of criminality run-amok


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo


P.S. We are awaiting movies from Germany and Sweden that were held up due to the
recent postal shut-down in Canada - as work is slowly returning to normal here
as I make this note. The edit feature here doesnt work for me so Ill clear this
comment belatedly - later when things are normal in this respect.

