The Crowded Day and Song of Paris represent the third double bill in the BFI’s ongoing series of Adelphi Films releases, the intention being to eventually release their entire output of both features and shorts. Adelphi was a production and distribution company active for almost a decade from the late forties into the late fifties. Their films were primarily comedies and notable for having given a number of key British filmmakers and actors an early break. This has been especially evident from the two previous discs: the first of which was devoted to a pair of rare cinematic outings for the Goons; the second containing two comedies in which Diana Dors played significant roles. This third set once again revolves around a particular talent, although this time it’s a director who gains the attention, not the stars. The filmmaker in question is John Guillermin with both films coming from the earliest stages of his career. Indeed, he was still in his twenties when he helmed Song of Paris in 1952 and The Crowded Day in 1954, and therefore some distance from his better known seventies works such as The Towering Inferno and Death on the Nile. 

The Crowded Day blends comic elements and social drama with the tiniest hint of film noir. Song of Paris, meanwhile, could be classed as a comedy-musical thanks to the inclusion of four songs, each performed in their entirety, albeit purely within the confines of the narrative - there’s no breaking out from the realism as it were.

To go into a little further detail, The Crowded Day is essentially an ensemble piece. The setting is a department store in London and we follow its employees over the course of twenty-four hours. This day proves to be an eventful one for the mostly female staff as each comes across their own crisis, some big, some small. The ensemble aspect unavoidably looks forwards to the likes of The Towering Inferno and Death on the Nile, and just as those films serve as a game of ’spot the famous actor’ so too The Crowded Day is packed with familiar faces. The very first we see on-screen is that of Sid James and he’s very quickly followed by John Gregson, Dora Bryan, Thora Hird, Richard Wattis, Rachel Roberts, Prunella Scales, Joan Hickson, Joan Rice, Dandy Nichols and plenty more. Such a huge cast naturally brings with it a host of individual stories for The Crowded Day to take care of, ranging from rivalry over commissions to the more serious subject of pregnancy outside of marriage (and with the father seemingly out of the picture too). Conversely, Song of Paris is incredibly light, as perhaps the musical elements have already suggested. The film flits between London and Paris (although the latter has to make do with painted backdrop representation) as it details the love triangle between a very English Dennis Price, a very French Anne Vernon and a very Russian Mischa Auer. Naturally complications ensue akin to a bedroom farce, whilst saucy humour and romantic tangles amongst the supporting cast beef up the slender plotline.

Despite their immediate differences both The Crowded Day and Song of Paris are incredibly slick and extremely well-paced. Of the two The Crowded Day is the more ‘prestigious’ - the pairing is such that Song of Paris feels like the supporting feature - and intentionally so. This was producer David Dent’s attempt at pushing Adelphi towards the ‘A’-feature market, although (as Vic Pratt makes clear in the booklet) it didn’t quite come to be. Nonetheless, the intent is plain to see, whether it be the presence of someone like John Gregson (so soon after his role in the previous year’s Genevieve that the film can’t resist casting him in a very similar role) or the employment of Gordon Dines as director of photography. Dines is best known for his work at Ealing Studios, from the George Formby vehicles of the 1930s up to the then-recent crime thrillers such as The Blue Lamp and Pool of London. Indeed, it is the latter two that come into play in the case of The Crowded Day, as when the more serious elements allow him to bring an air of film noir to proceedings, most notably when Josephine Griffin’s character is preyed upon by a much older man. 
 
http://homecinema.thedigitalfix.co.uk/content/id/73614/the-crowded-day--song-of-paris.html