Set between the events of 2 Fast 2 Furious and The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift, Dominic Toretto and his new crew: Letty, Tego (Tego Calderón), Rico (Don Omar), and Han Lue are hijacking fuel tankers in the Dominican Republic. Dominic begins to suspect the trail is too hot and leaves Letty to go elsewhere to avoid being caught. In Panama City, Dominic receives a call from his sister, Mia, who tells him that Letty has been murdered after getting into a near fatal car accident. Dominic heads back to Los Angeles to examine Letty's crash and finds traces of nitromethane. He then goes to the only car mechanic that uses nitromethane and coerces him into giving him the name David Park, the man who ordered the fuel.

Meanwhile, now-FBI agent Brian O'Conner is trying to track down a drug dealer named Arturo Braga; his search leads him to David Park. Dominic arrives at Park's apartment first, and hangs him out of the window by his ankles. Brian, who was also on his way to Park's place, saves Park from Dominic, allowing Park to become the FBI's new informant. Park gets Brian into a street race through Los Angeles, whereas the winner will become the last driver on a team that traffics heroin between the United States-Mexico border. Brian selects a Nissan Skyline GT-R from the Impound Lot. Dominic shows up to race as well, and wins the race with his Chevrolet Chevelle. Brian then uses his power as an FBI agent to arrest another driver, and takes his place on the team.

The following day, the team meets Fenix Calderon (Laz Alonso), one of Braga's men. It was revealed to Dominic that Fenix was the person who murdered Letty. They drive across the border using underground tunnels to avoid detection. Brian had prior knowledge that after the heroin was delivered, Braga ordered the drivers to be killed, as he was able to plant Letty undercover to capture Braga in exchange for Dominic's freedom when she was murdered. After a tense stand-off, Dom detonates his car with nitrous to distract Braga's men and Brian hijacks a Hummer with $60 million worth of heroin. Both Dom and Brian drive back to Los Angeles and hide the heroin in a police impound lot where Brian picks up a Subaru Impreza. Brian tells his superiors that in exchange for Dominic's pardon, he will lure Braga into a trap, forcing him to personally show up to exchange money for the heroin. At the drop site, however, Ramon Campos (Robert Miano), the man who claims to be Braga, is a decoy, and the real Braga (John Ortiz) escapes and flees to Mexico.

Brian and Dominic travel to Mexico on their own to catch Braga. They find him at a church and apprehend him. As Braga's henchmen come down to rescue their leader, Brian and Dominic drive through the underground tunnels back to the United States. When some of Braga's men are killed, Brian crashes his car and is injured after being T-boned by Fenix at the end of the tunnel. Before Fenix can kill Brian, Dominic, who survived the explosion and exchanged his Dodge Charger with a Chevrolet Camaro, drives into and kills Fenix. As police and helicopters start streaming to the crash site on the U.S. side, Brian tells Dominic to flee, but Dominic refuses, saying he's tired of running. Despite Brian's request for clemency, the judge sentences Dominic to 25 years to life in prison. Dominic boards a prison bus that will take him to Lompoc penitentiary, and as the bus drives to the prison, Mia and Brian, along with Tego and Rico, arrive in their cars to intercept it.

