OLD TIME RADIO:


LUKE SLAUGHTER OF TOMBSTONE



CBS started the year 1958 off with the introduction on January 1, 1958 of Frontier Gentleman. That series lasted 41 broadcasts. Near the end of the year, the network launched Have Gun, Will Travel on November 11, 1958, which continued for 106 programs. In between, a very short series was offered and discontinued after only 16 broadcasts, Luke Slaughter Of Tombstone. Sam Buffington starred as Luke Slaughter, a Civil War cavalryman who turned to cattle ranching in post war Arizona territory near Fort Huachuca. William N. Robson, known from his work with such series as Escape, Suspense and The CBS Radio Workshop, directed.

Sam Buffington enacted the title role on Luke Slaughter of Tombstone, another of CBS's prestigious adult Westerns. The series was produced and directed by William N. Robson, one of radio's greatest dramatic directors and Robert Stanley producer was aired from February 23 through June 15, 1958. Buffington portrayed the hard-boiled cattleman with scripts overseen by Gunsmoke sound effects artist (and sometimes scriptwriter) Tom Hanley.

Each program had an authoritative opening statement: "Slaughter's my name, Luke Slaughter. Cattle's my business. It's a tough business, it's a big business. I got a big stake in it. And there's no man west of the Rio Grande big enough to take it away from me." Junius Matthews was heard as Slaughter's sidekick, Wichita.

In his first adventure, tough-as-nails westerner Luke Slaughter guarantees he will bring a cattle herd to Tombstone despite the threats of rustlers and a spy among the ranks of his cowboys. Like the other CBS radio westerns, Have Gun, Will Travel or Frontier Gentleman, this one had plenty of action, the productions were well done and well acted. Luke Slaugher was cut short, like a lot of other radio shows, by the steady pressure from TV.

This CBS western series was only a short 16 broadcasts before ending.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: Luke Slaughter of Tombstone
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Complete
Certification Date: September 7, 2009
Certification Version: Version 3
Number of CDs: 1


NOTE: Updated Release! Corrected date for "58-05-25 (13) Outlaw Kid" and other minor updates (25-Oct-2009).



From the Old Time Radio Researcher's Group. See "Note" Section below for more information on the OTRR.




This audio is part of the collection: Old Time Radio
It also belongs to collection: Radio Programs

Artist/Composer: Old Time Radio Researchers Group
Keywords: OTRR; Old Time Radio Researchers Group; Old Time Radio; OTRR Set; Luke Slaughter of Tombstone; Western; 1950s; 1958; OTRR Updated Release; OTRR - 2009-10


Creative Commons license: Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs




Notes



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHER'S GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.

OTRR Non-Certified -- A collection of shows that has not gone through the OTRR Certification process.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Luke_Slaughter_of_Tombstone_Ver3_CD_1of1.zip  ZIP  358.6 MB  
Image Files JPEG 
Luke Slaughter of Tombstone  116.9 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Luke_Slaughter_of_Tombstone_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Luke_Slaughter_of_Tombstone_meta.xml  Metadata  6.3 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Luke_Slaughter_of_Tombstone_reviews.xml  Metadata  2.8 KB 
