homepage: http://www.avcware.com


Rip DVD to HD/SD Video Formats
Rip DVD to Standard-definition videos: AVI, MPEG-1/MPEG-2/MPEG-4, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, RM, MOV, M4V, XviD, 3GP, VOB, FLV, SWF and so on; convert DVD to High-definition videos: HD AVI, HD MPEG-2/4, HD H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, HD WMV, HD Quick Time, HD VOB, HD ASF, etc.

Rip DVD Soundtracks to Audio Formats
Extract audio from DVDs and save them as MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, OGG, AU, etc.

Take Movie Stills
Set an interval and capture pictures from a DVD movie in batches or take snapshots while previewing and save them as BMP, JPG, PNG or GIF image format.

DVD Ripper for Multimedia Devices
Convert DVD movies for playing them on any player: iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, Xbox, Zune, NDS, Wii, 3GP mobile phones, Windows Mobile devices, PMPs, plus many others.

Clip DVD into Segments
Trim the desired clips from a title/chapter and optionally merge them into a new title/chapter.

Merge Titles and Chapters
Merge several titles/chapters into one; insert transitional effects in between.

Split Title or Chapter
With this DVD ripper software, you can split a title/chapter into several parts accordingly so you can fit it onto your multimedia device.

Crop Video Frame
Cut off unwanted borders from a video frame to specify a highlight.

Edit Image Effects
Adjust the image brightness, contrast and saturation. Add special effects such as "Black and White" and "Old Film".

Add and Adjust Subtitles
Add several subtitle files; adjust subtitle delay to sync it with the video.

Add and Adjust Soundtracks
Add several audio files; adjust soundtrack delay to sync it with the video.

Add Watermarks
Personalize your video with watermarks (picture or text) and add copyright to avoid piracy.

Preview and Compare
Preview the original file and the edited version side-by-side for easy comparison.

Classified, Optimized and Customizable Conversion Profiles
A selection of conversion profiles with optimized parameters are available for a wide range of multimedia devices; create new profiles by customizing existing ones.

Compute Output File Size with Bitrate Calculator
Get the output file size precisely by entering the value and automatically calculating the corresponding video bit rate with Bitrate Calculator.

More Profile Settings
Parameters are grouped by video, audio, picture and tag, enabling you to change them more conveniently.

Multithreading, Batch and Multi-Core Processing
Convert multiple DVD titles/chapters to video and audio files with the highest conversion speed offered.

Auto DVD Info Retrieval
Auto retrieves DVD information from the Internet; enrich your DVD library with information such as artist name, DVD cover, DVD chapters and titles and more.

Quick, Comprehensive, Easy
Multi-core CPU support maximizes conversion speed; comprehensive video editing features; user-friendly interface.

Other Features
Manage system power; preview videos with the resizable built-in player and take snapshots during preview; Run tasks in the background; set application to auto exit or auto shut down, hibernate, stand by the system after a task is complete; view file properties; display file list in selected columns; change interface language to English, French, German, Spanish, Japanese or Chinese; many other features.




Hash: 03DDAC6A28201ADD2FA5FD79EF9B17354EF47D28



scanned with F-Secure + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = CLEAN

ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome