Description






POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


SIN-ister Secrets


POtHS - Sinister Secrets - 09 - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings - 1 & 2 of 5

 


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 09 - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings - 1 & 2 of 5


POtHS Comments on This one....these next 5 parts are outstanding and Historically correct. Guess which GOD we all use to pledge allegiance too.


Review: Secrets Mysteries of America's Beginnings Vol. 1: The New Atlantis, DVD

 By Eugene Bay - Aug 27, 2007 - Christianbook.com

New Atlantis is the most refreshing historical documentary I have ever seen about the true foundations of America's government. The true history of America is a history of secret societies dating back to 1582, when Sir Francis Bacon and Queen Elizabeth I created the plan to establish America as the most powerful, influential nation in world history. America's Founding Fathers carefully followed this plan. This video establishes the reality that, while America's cultural foundation was, indeed, Christian, our government was established according to the Masonic and Rosicrucian agenda as envisioned by Bacon and Elizabeth I. The quality of this video is equal to the History Channel. You can see why New Atlantis won so many Film Industry awards, including the Los Angeles 'Best Historical' award. Video is 3 hours long.



Review: Secrets Mysteries of America's Beginnings Vol. 1: The New Atlantis, DVD

 By thechrisaccount - Aug 16, 2007 - Christianbook.com

"Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings" is an award winning documentary that tells the untold side of American history. The film shows that while Christians came to America, they were not alone. Others came in the form of secret societies whose view of the new world was that it was the site of ancient Atlantis, and their ambition was to rebuild Atlantis of old. The filmmakers show how this central conflict of interests has much to do with the struggle that Christians face in America today.



IT IS HERE   POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99A - Creating An Event In Heaven - Face To Face With Jesus & The Holy Spirit  Solved - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11. Your Independence Day.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                               End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                      Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                  Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                              Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                         Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

[color=purple]11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS  

 

 
 [/font]