This band is an excellent addition to the (too-) slowly growing sub-genre of progressive hardcore, alongside such bands as Candiria, Bleeding Through, and some of the more "straight-forward" thrashcore bands like Shadows Fall, Killswitch Engage, Beyond the Embrace, and Erasethegrey. I'm not a fan of hardcore music, but bands such as these clearly distinct themselves from more monotonous ones as Hatebreed and Sworn Enemy, in that the "prog-core" bands have a singular trait that their peers lack: originality.
Often a problem that prog-core bands get is that they lack direction. This is especially so for Candiria and BtBaM, for both utilize seemingly random changes and transitions in timing, transition, and tones. Well, this is both a false accusation and a precise realization; for these two bands have precise explications behind their off-the-wall songwriting. The songwriting is simply organized chaos, but without any bombastic "wanking" or "cheese," making for a whole new kind of the proverbial cream of the crop in progressive music.

The instrumental section of the band is the usual lineup of two guitarists, a drummer, and a bassist; however, there is such tight musicianship between them, and they have enough talent to blow many an inspiring musician away. Guitarists Paul Waggoner and Nick Fletcher are full of riffs aplenty, making deep, chugging noises reminiscent of sludge metal - but wait, then it's different suddenly, and they are playing harmonized riffs and/or leads with perfect melodies, a la Swedish Melodic Death Metal...and then they're thrashing out like, well, thrash metal. Bassist Jason King backs these insane spasms and spurts of alternating, genre-fusing (and -bending) structures with ease, and while individual sections of his performances may be somewhat simple, to keep up with the constant changes is the real challenge. And then there's Mark Castillo on drums...dear God. This man is simply unbelievable, pounding away at the skins like he's using hammers to break the set apart, with great control over his double-bass-heavy assault, and endless crashing of cymbals, yet all with perfectly fluid direction.

Tommy Rogers, lead vocalist and lyricist, has a wide array of vocal assaults and delivers them with spastic and hilarious ease, perfectly harmonizing with (but often contrasting) the instrumentation. One moment he'll be screaming with throaty, guttural wails; next thing you know, he'll be growling with the fury of any death metal band's vocalist...and then suddenly he'll be singing with a clean, simply uplifting sound that is reminiscent of Thom York of Radiohead or Mikael Åkerfeldt of Opeth (who is also a master of contrasting growls/singing, I might add).

Now...how can I possibly describe the songs? "More of Myself to Kill" starts off as heavy grind/thrashcore, then shifts more into death metal, then into...I'm not sure how to describe it. "Arsonist," a direct attack on a specific church in Kansas (which openly protests against homosexuals), is as brutal as the harsh lyrics. There are so many moments of beautiful, distortion-free guitar harmonies and leads, haunting singing, and wave upon wave of screams and growls and fiery riffs of doom...oh, it's all such a flurry of furious/beautiful power.

I'm not being too clear in describing this album, am I? Well, just listen to it (or the fantastic sophomore effort, THE SILENT CIRCUS), and you will know what I mean. Between the Buried and Me create and dwell in a void of progressive musical psychosis...and it's easy to fall victim to it.

by Barry Dejasu "the_otherness"

01 - More Of Myself To Kill.wma                             
02 - Arsonist.wma                                           
03 - Aspirations.wma                                        
04 - What We Have Become.wma                                
05 - Fire For A Dry Mouth.wma                               
06 - Naked By The Computer.wma                              
07 - Use Of A Weapon.wma                                    
08 - Shevanel Cut A Flip.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

Follow me On Facebook Pages: MarcelodrgzTPB