Official Web SIte:   http://www.boinx.com/fotomagico/overview/

FotoMagico lets you create professional slideshows from your photos and music with just a few, simple mouse clicks. It sports a very clean and intuitive yet powerful user interface. High image quality, fast performance, and user flexibility were some of the design goals for this application.

Create the most spectacular slideshows:
Scale, move, rotate, zoom or pan around your images to highlight that part that matters the most.

Your slides fit together perfectly with the new, gorgeous transitions.
Provide more meaning with subtle titles here and there.

Perform a breathtaking show:

Your slideshow uses the best possible resolution of your presentation device.

Use large displays, HDTV screens and other high resolution devices.
Even on a VGA projector, your photos will look better with FotoMagico.

Your audience will want to take it home:
Burn DVDs of your slideshow with iDVD or Roxio Toast.
Put your slideshow on the new iPod.
Export in almost any QuickTime format.

Version 3.7.3 Home and Pro - February 1, 2011
The FXPack now supports rendering slideshows with motion blur.
Numerous fixes for crashing bugs in iMedia Browser.

Images from Lightroom can once again be dragged from iMedia Browser to a FotoMagico document. You no longer get a placeholder image. For those cases where the processed image is truly missing, the placeholder image has been improved to provide a better explanation of how to fix the situation.

Bugfix for Aperture plugin failing to export because of missing slideshow notes.

Bugfix for black frames rendered by the Final Cut Pro plugin (FxPack).
Animations in looped slideshows now render correctly at the loop-around point in the Final Cut Pro plugin (FxPack).

Modifications to the demo slideshow can no longer be saved, as this would corrupt the application if it was bought from the App Store.
DVD sharing plugin now selects the best format (NTSC or PAL) upon first use.

Various small fixes

Don't get alarmed if the spinning ball comes up a lot - just wait until it finishes and add your next file to the slide show.

To get different transitions, you must select one for each photo in the slide show under the "options" menu below the photos.

I'm sure you'll be able to figure out the rest of the program...

System Requirements:

Mac OS X 10.5 or later
Intel processor G5

--- PLEASE SEED ---