DVDFab Passkey v8.0.0.9 beta 
http://www.dvdfab.com/images/product_box/passkey-dvd.png

DVD Passkey is a Windows-based driver that works on-the-fly to unprotect encrypted DVD discs. It can remove all known DVD copy protections and region codes just in seconds to help you watch any DVD movie with no limitation, allows you to use any software to access unencrypted DVD contents to copy, burn, clone them, and so on.


* Remove all known DVD protections
* Work with other software to access unencrypted DVD content
* Allow you to watch any DVD without any limit

Overview of Passkey for DVD

Passkey for DVD is a great DVD decrypter, which can remove all the DVD copy protections and help you get rid of region code troubles.
So, you can freely watch any DVD just on your region specific player. Not enough! Besides the "freely enjoy any DVD" feature, it can also work with numerous software to let you access the unprotected DVD content then go to copy, burn, clone, or do any editing you wish.
Passkey for DVD adds new decryption data on its server all the time, and every user with internet connection can get advantage of it, so it surly can decrypt all newly released DVD movies. And for some discs, users can use local decryption data included in Passkey for DVD when disconnected from internet.

Overview of Passkey for Blu-ray

Passkey for Blu-ray is powerful in decryption. Any copy protections and region code are in no mean any barriers in front of it.
With the help of Passkey for Blu-ray, you can use other compatible software to access any Blu-ray content, to copy, clone, burn, etc. And you have absolute freedom to view Blu-ray without any region trouble.
Passkey for Blu-ray uses a server based system for decryption, and new decryption data will always be added on the server. No need to worry about new Blu-ray protections. 
http://www.dvdfab.com/passkey-for-dvd.htm


Installation Info:
1)install program and don't restart
2)use patch and put what ever name u like 
and direct it to install folder to patch msvcr90.dll
in C:\Program Files\DVDFab Passkey or C:\Program Files(x86)\DVDFab Passkey
depends on windows just look for the installed program
4)Enjoy from Slickinator


and also when its in your system tray right click on the dvdfab passkey and click settings and then on left click general and in middle uncheck  [] check for new version automaticly as if it updates u will lose registration