Director: Joël Farges[Amok (1993)]

Cast:
Aleksey Chadov ... Dimitri Pechkov
Jacques Gamblin ... Fragonard
Marina Kim ... Rossignol
Larissa Batourova ... Pivoine
Anya Petoushinova ... Semzhid
Roman Jilkin ... Nikolai Pechkov
Nikolai Smirnov ... Bouvarine 

Plot/Synopsis:

His Evenk friend shot dead by the corrupt politician\'s thuggish supporters, an eighteen year-old Cossack saddles the recently deceased\'s pony-sized steed and prepares to make the 4,000 mile trip to St. Petersburg in hopes of ensuring that the czar fulfills his promise to protect the indigenous population of Siberia.
The year is 1889, and the malevolent followers of a corrupt governor have offered to trade guns and flour to the Evenks for a special herd of horses. When teenage Cossack Dimitri Pechkov sees murderous henchman Bouvarine gun down his Evenk acquaintance, he soon makes it his mission to ensure that no further harm comes to the peaceful tribe. 
Despite the fact that Dimitri has never ventured beyond the borders of the small village in which he was born, his drive to earn the respect of his distant father prompts the brave youngster to rechristen his fallen friend\'s horse Serko and bring the matter to the czar\'s attention. Over the course of the next 193 days, Dimitri finds his noble quest growing increasingly arduous as the fearful governor sets out to insure that his message never reaches the powerful monarch. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide / AllMovieBlog

In 1889, riding a small horse named Gray Serko , Dimitri leaves his garrison of Asian borders of the Russian Empire on the banks of the River Amur . After extraordinary adventures, they both arrive in Saint Petersburg at the court of the Tsar . Having covered over 9000 kilometers in less than 200 days, this young rider has thus achieved the most amazing equestrian feat of all time.

Release Date: 29 March 2006 (France)
Runtime: 96 minutes (1:35:42)
Country: France
Language: French (original) | Russian (dub) [dual audio]
Subtitles: English (.srt) | French (.idx/.sub)
