Book Description
CCNP SWITCH Exam Preparation

Master the CCNP® SWITCH 642-813 exam with this official study guide
Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
Review key concepts with Exam Preparation Tasks
Practice with realistic exam questions on the CD-ROM
CCNP SWITCH 642-813 Official Certification Guide is a best-of-breed Cisco® exam study guide that focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNP® SWITCH exam. Network architect and best-selling author Dave Hucaby shares preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

CCNP SWITCH 642-813 Official Certification Guide presents you with an organized test preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. “Do I Know This Already?” quizzes open each chapter and allow you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. The complete exam topic list makes referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks sections help drill you on key concepts and commands you must know thoroughly.

The companion CD-ROM contains a powerful testing engine that enables you to focus on individual topic areas or take complete, timed exams. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a topic-by-topic basis, laying out a complete study plan for review.

Well regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCNP SWITCH 642-813 Official Certification Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

This official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNP SWITCH exam, including

Network design, implementation, and verification plans
Switch operation and port configuration
VLANs, trunks, and VLAN Trunking Protocol (VTP)
Aggregating switch links
Spanning Tree Protocol (STP)
Multilayer switching
Enterprise campus network design
Router and supervisor redundancy
IP telephony
Wireless LANs
Switched network security
This volume is part of the Official Certification Guide Series from Cisco Press. Books in this series provide officially developed exam preparation materials that offer assessment, review, and practice to help Cisco Career Certification candidates identify weaknesses, concentrate their study efforts, and enhance their confidence as exam day nears.

Book Details
Hardcover: 504 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press (February 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587202433
ISBN-13: 978-1587202438