Artist.......: Katy Perry
Album........: London Live
Label........: n/a
Genre........: Pop
Catnr........: n/a
Source.......: DVBS
Rip.date.....: 2011-04-18
Str.date.....: 2010-00-00
Quality......: 235kbps/48.0kHz/Joint Stereo
Url..........: http://www.katyperry.com

track  title                                          time

1.    London Live                                  43:47

Runtime  43:47
Size    73.69

Release Notes

A former Christian artist, Katy Perry rebranded herself as a larger-than-life
pop star and rose to prominence during the summer of 2008. Before she topped the
charts with songs like "I Kissed a Girl" and "California Gurls," though, she
spent the better part of a decade recording music under a different name
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (or Katy Hudson, as she billed herself on her 2001
gospel album) was born on October 25, 1984, in Santa Barbara, CA. Raised in a
religious household as the daughter of two pastors, she was forbidden to listen
to secular bands as a child, although a childhood slumber party introduced her
to the music of Alanis Morissette and Freddie Mercury. Religious music remained
at the forefront, however, and Katy released a self-titled Christian album in
2001 under her original name. She would later abandon the genre (and her given
surname) in favor of a pop career

At age 17, she began working with hitmaker Glen Ballard, who had produced and
co-written Alanis Morissette's chart-topping Jagged Little Pill in 1995. Several
years later, she teamed up with the Matrix, a Grammy-nominated
production/songwriting team whose rsum included collaborations with Avril
Lavigne, Shakira, and Korn. Tired of producing music for other artists, the
Matrix had plans to record an album of their own, with Perry serving as one of
the group's two singers. The project was ultimately shelved, but not before
Perry appeared in a 2004 write-up by Blender magazine, who hailed her as "the
Next Big Thing

With the Matrix's unreleased album sitting in the vaults at Sony Records, Perry
went back to the drawing board and began working on a solo album for Columbia
The project was eventually canceled, although two of its songs were later given
to Kelly Clarkson, who scored a Top 40 hit with "I Do Not Hook Up" several years
later. Perry (who, by this point, had shed her original surname due to its
similarity to actress Kate Hudson) then signed with Capitol, who encouraged
their new client to write her own music and helped establish her image as a
boisterous, tongue-in-cheek pop star. Perry's debut single, "UR So Gay,
generated a small buzz with its mischievous lyrics and clever music video, but
it was "I Kissed a Girl" that proved to be her breakthrough hit, topping the
charts in 20 countries and pushing its accompanying album, 2008's One of the
Boys, into the Top Ten in America. Perry supported her debut by joining the
Warped Tour that summer, where she toured alongside her boyfriend at the time,
Travis McCoy of Gym Class Heroes. Meanwhile, "Hot N Cold" became her second
multi-platinum hit, "Thinking of You" (one of the album's three songs written
solely by Perry) cracked the Top 40, and "Waking Up in Vegas" cracked the Top
Ten

Such success meant that Katy Perry had officially become one of the industry's
biggest pop stars, celebrated as much for her outsized behavior and outrageous
fashion choices as the music itself. She continued touring through the summer of
2009 (albeit without McCoy, whose boyfriend status had been revoked earlier that
year) and found time to tape an installment of MTV Unplugged, which was released
in November. Meanwhile, she worked on a new album and started up a whirlwind
romance with comedian Russell Brand, eventually becoming his fianc. Recording
sessions for her album wrapped up in early 2010, and Perry scored her second
number one single with California Gurls, which was released that May. The
accompanying album, Teenage Dream, followed in August