	
Arcania: Gothic 4 Patch 2

RELEASE DATE : 13-12-2010           PROTECTION : SecuROM
GAME TYPE    : RPG                  DISKS      : CRACKED UPDATE


Arcania: Gothic 4 Patch 2

FIXED: Interruption of interactions with sword strikes

FIXED: Acknowledgements playback after loading a savegame

FIXED: Jump interrupted by FMV freezed character

FIXED: Cool down in the inventory screen

FIXED: Reduced ocean clipping problem for Stereoscopic 3D

FIXED: Arrows stick on already disintegrated Demon

FIXED: Stamina consumption while sprinting with equipped
spells added

FIXED: SLI issues & optimizations

FIXED: Crash on vista machines when starting the game on the
second adapter while the first adapter was disabled

FIXED: Stereoscopic 3D can be deactivated from the NVIDIA
control panel before launching game

FIXED: Pickable item restoration

FIXED: Multiple CPU profiles in process manager

FIXED: Clouds use dynamic vertex buffer for frequent locking

FIXED: Performance problem with terrain tile generation

FIXED: Performance bug in trails

FIXED: Rare crash when arrows stuck in players vanished

FIXED: Additional unnecessary loading screen when using a
teleport stone-need

Install Notes:

1. Unpack the included rar files.
2. Run Arcania.Gothic.4.Patch.2.exe and install
3. Copy the cracked content from SKIDROW directory to your
main installation directory and overwrite.
4. Play the game

Additional Information:

RELOADED used files from a lower protected source than the
original multi 5 DVD to make sure they won the release. This
is causing problems now when the game needs to be updated.

Furthermore since RELOADED used that fishy source(probably the
russian SecuROM 7 protected exe, they had to use several files
from that version to be able to get the game running. This
workaround method caused various game content to disappear
such as guest logs.

Also by using that same source, means that your savegames wont
work with this update, as they're ment to work on the russian
version of this game.

This also mean that you have to re-install your game, because
RELOADED replaced all those english files with russian ones.