1949 - Road to Rio - Bob Hope, Bing Crosby

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 993kbps 
Duration.............: 1:41:01
Resolution...........: 600*456 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 384 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,051,851,166 
NO SUBTITLES
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Road_to_Rio
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0039776/
 
http://bayimg.com/bAlkbaadb


Road to Rio is a 1947 comedy film, directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Bing Crosby as Scat Sweeney, Bob Hope as "Hot Lips" Barton, and Dorothy Lamour as Lucia Maria de Andrade. It was the fifth of the "Road to …" series.

***NOTE*** - Wikipedia notes that issues regarding copyright conflicts and idiotic studio descisions regarding film storage and treatment have left the final 3 films in this series in less-than-perfect condition. Unlike the previous four, this DVD did not provide a high quality print, subtitles, or even the original trailer. Still, it is the best AVI rip currently available of the film. The commercial DVD is no better. Here's hoping someday someone releases a superior commercial copy. 

Cast

Bing Crosby		Scat Sweeney
Bob Hope		Hot Lips Barton
Dorothy Lamour		Lucia Maria de Andrade
Gale Sondergaard	Catherine Vail
Frank Faylen		Trigger
Joseph Vitale		Tony
George Meeker		Sherman Mallory
Frank Puglia		Rodrigues
Nestor Paiva		Cardoso
Robert Barrat		Johnson
Stanley Andrews		Capt. Harmon
Harry Woods		Ship's Purser
The Wiere Brothers	Three Musicians
The Andrews Sisters	Themselves
Jerry Colonna		Himself

Scat Sweeney, and Hot Lips Barton, two out of work musicians, travel the US trying to find work and stay away from girls. After running from state to state, each time running because of a girl, they try their luck in Louisiana.

They stow away on board a Rio-bound ship, after accidentally starting some fires at a circus. They then get mixed up with the distraught Lucia, who first thanks them, then unexpectedly turns them over to the ship's captain. Unbeknownst to both of them, Lucia is being hypnotized by her crooked guardian, Catherine Vail. Vail plans to marry Lucia to her brother so she can control her and a set of 'papers'.

After a series of misadventures including sneaking off the boat, recruiting a few local musicians, and the boys trying to escape with Lucia only to have Vail hypnotize her again and slap them both, Vail decides to do away with the boys permanently. She hypnotizes both of them and tries to get them to kill each other in a duel, but it fails. Scat and Hot Lips finally figure things out and the boys head for the ceremony in order to stop the wedding and to help catch the crooks. Upon finding the 'papers', which Scat reads, when Hot Lips asks what they are about, Scat tears them up and looks into the camera saying "The world must NEVER know."

Later on, Scat is dismayed to see that Lucia loves Hot Lips and not him. But upon peaking through a keyhole, he sees Hot Lips hypnotizing her.

Hope's frequent sidekick Jerry Colonna has a cameo as the leader of a cavalry charging to the rescue of Bing and Bob, as the film cuts away to the galloping horses periodically. All is resolved before Colonna can arrive. "Exciting, though... wasn't it?!"

This movie also has the distinction of being the only film that Bing Crosby and the Andrew Sisters appeared in together.