This is Jim Tucker's explosive book Bilderberg Diary - One Reporter's 25-Year Battle to Shine the Light on the World Shadow Government (2005) which chronicles his thirty-plus years of exposing the globalist elitists known as Bilderberg Group. If you've never heard the word "Bilderberg", don't feel as though you are uninformed. Some of the best-read, most-widely-traveled folks on the planet have no knowledge of this organization. For more than 50 years, acting as a global ruling elite, Bilderberg's very name and activities remain largely hidden in the shadows, despite its immense clout in directing world affairs. But now veteran journalist James P. Tucker Jr. will enable those who've never known them to get a first-hand account of their history (and their misdeeds) from the one journalist who has doggedly tailed the Bilderbergers all over the United States and Europe for the last quarter of the century. Although the mass media - both print and broadcast - has determinedly suppressed news and information about - and the very existence of - Bilderberg, Tucker has established himself as the world's foremost authority on them, reporting on their intrigues in the pages of Spotlight magazine and now American Free Press. In Bilderberg Diary he lays out - for the first time - his entire remarkable history of covering Bilderberg, his infiltration of Bilderberg meetings, the procurement of their private documents, and the shining of the spotlight of public scrutiny on Bilderberg's shadowy affairs. He manages to chronicle over 25 years of Bilderberg conferences throughout the world by painstakingly investigating, tracking, and infiltrating their criminal network. He also exposes how the Bilderberg think-tank implements its policies throughout its sister organizations the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations. This fascinating book also explains the reason why most of us haven't heard of this powerful think-tank before, and that reason is that Bilderberg has ordered a mainstream media blackout, which was unproblematic for them to galvanize because many of its members own most of the media outlets around the world. Find out how the Bilderbergers conspired to overthrow 'Iron Lady' Margaret Thatcher and how they put both Bill Clinton and George Bush (both father and son) on the throne since they went along their agenda. If you want a comprehensive history of Bilderberg activities and their impact on all political events in the last few decades this is the book to read. 265 pages, many pictures. A must read for everyone.
