Tony Joe White
Uncovered



Label: Swamp Records
Released: 2006
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 334 MB
Format: FLAC






Tony Joe White (TJW) returns to us with "Uncovered", a CD featuring seven new songs as well as new versions of three of his earlier tunes. 

Among the latter, "Rainy Night in Georgia", originally released on his second Monument album in 1969, is the best known thanks to Brook Benton's 1970 hit cover version (it reached # 4 on the US singles charts.) On this re-cut, a cello is nicely put to use.
"Taking the Midnight Train" and "Did Somebody Make a Fool Out of You" are also first rate songs which both originally appeared on "Homemade Ice Cream", a 1973 Warner Bros. masterpiece that was produced by the late, great Tom Dowd and that is one of my two favourite TJW albums (the other being "The Train I'm On", released in 1972.) The new versions do not suffer at all from comparisons to the originals. They enrich still further an already magnificent catalogue. 

Apart from Waylon Jennings' "Shaking the Blues", all the tunes were either written or co-written by Tony Joe White (by the way, it should be noted that Waylon Jennings recorded several TJW originals on his own albums.)

Once you hit the "play" button on the remote, you cannot fail to immediately notice that you are entering Tony Joe White's very own sonic territory: his original funky, soulful Louisiana bayou rock that has been such an influence on so many other - often more celebrated - artists.
All the familiar and essential ingredients are there, finely mixed and skilfully recorded: that supremely soulful, bluesy, mellow baritone, the superb back-up vocals, the sinuous and often fuzzy guitar lines, the harp interjections, the small combo supremely swampy sound (still prominently featuring the fabulous Hammond B-3) and the ever appropriate brass arrangements. 

Tony Joe White had already worked with name artists before (think about the famous female guests on "The Heroines", his 2004 album). Here, TJW has enlisted the help of famously laid-back bards: J.J. Cale, Eric Clapton and Mark Knopfler all appear (separately) on one track each. The late outlaw friend Waylon Jennings is there too, as does Michael McDonald (a less obvious pairing until you listen to the result of the collaboration.)

There is not one bad cut on this album. Everything flows effortlessly from beginning to end. Among my favourite tracks are, obviously, all of the duets. 
The new take on the bluesy "Did Somebody Make a Fool out of You" has E. C.'s fluid, cooking guitar and good, modest vocals really shining alongside TJW. 
The duet with J. J. Cale is a sensual, simmering plea to the mightily attractive Louvelda; J. J. Cale almost murmured vocals are a joy to hear. 
The rendition of Waylon Jennings's song is of the same high quality that this giant of a musician conjured on his very best solo work: enjoy those two big, seasoned voices intertwining beautifully over slow-burning guitars and attractive, upfront electric piano backing. Almost worth the admission price all by itself! 
The duet with Mark Knopfler, featuring much lighter-toned lyrics, nevertheless still retains some down feeling due to Knopfler's intonation. It is nothing less than a diamond with perfectly good guitar. 
Moreover, the contrast with Michael McDonald's smoother, more "uptown" voice works like a charm, making "Baby, Don't Look Down" a most welcome inclusion.

The first and last tracks are trademark TJW, slightly unsettling and sweetly lascivious "love songs" which work very, very well. 

Finally, "Rebellion" is a formidable track. Not only for its growling guitar parts, but also for its declaration of intent: "I'm in this thing for life / ... / [the music] got to stay as free as I feel / I move in my own time / Play this music any way I want to / I must keep it alive". Strong words indeed. I'll drink to that ... and enjoy this CD while waiting for Tony Joe White next offering.




Personnel

Tony Joe White - Lead vocals, guitar, harmonica, whomper stomper, swamp box.
Jeff Hale - Drums, percussion.
Robby Turner - Bass, pedal steel.
Carson Whitsett - B3 organ, wurlitzer, piano.
Wayne Jackson - trumpet, trombone.
Tom McGinley - baritone sax.
John Catchings - Cello.
Odessa Settles - Background vocals.
Calvin Settles - Background vocals.
Shirley Settles - Background vocals.
Todd Suttles - Background vocals.
Mark Knopfler - Vocals, guitar.
Eric Clapton - Vocals, guitar.
J.J. Cale - Vocals, guitar.
Waylon Jennings - Vocals, guitar.
Michael McDonald - Vocals.




Track Listing

1.  Run For Cover
2.  Not One Bad Thought (w/ Mark Knopfler)
3.  Did Somebody Make A Fool Out of You (w/ Eric Clapton)
4.  Louvelda (w/ JJ Cale)
5.  Rebellion
6.  Shakin’ The Blues (w/ Waylon Jennings)
7.  Rainy Night In Georgia
8.  Baby, Don’t Look Down (w/ Michael McDonald)
9.  Taking the Midnight Train
10. Keeper of the Fire
