Shappi Talk - S01 & 02 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 
8 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Misk

Iranian Shappi Khorsandi, together with guests, discusses what it was like being brought up in the UK within a non-British family.

The series looks at four different aspects of Shappi's life - unconventional parents, religion, growing up and, in the opener, racism. 

Each week, Shappi also talks to a guest "on location", who has experiences in the topic of discussion. 
Shappi also interacts with the audience, who share some of their experiences of each week's subject. 

Guests set to appear in the series include John Gordillo, who was brought up in an unconventional Italian family; Stewart Francis, who was brought up in Canada; and Paul Sinha, who was brought up in a strong Bengali family. Shappi also chats to Lenny Henry, Ken Livingstone and Ben Okri.

[quote]Her father, as many know, was a satirist who got into the sort of trouble satirists get into in Iran. "The regime there robustly advocates free speech," Khorsandi said, "but there is no freedom after you've exercised it. He criticised the mullahs and things became a bit ... death-y."

The Khorsandis went into exile in Britain - "A fatwa is the closest thing an Iranian writer gets to a literary prize" - where, of course, Khorsandi has now become a glittering addition to the comedic firmament. And a published author. "I said to my Dad: 'I've written a book.' He said: 'Has anyone threatened to kill you?' And I said no and he said: 'Then it can't be very good.'" [/quote]


Shappi Talk - S01 - E01 - Racism
Shappi Talk - S01 - E02 - Parents
Shappi Talk - S01 - E03 - Religion
Shappi Talk - S01 - E04 - Growing-Up

Shappi Talk - S02 - E01 - Single Mum
Shappi Talk - S02 - E02 - Addiction
Shappi Talk - S02 - E03 - History
Shappi Talk - S02 - E04 - Politics







Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits



You can add this line
 

Into uTorrent on the left under FEEDS
uTorrent will show "My" newly posted torrents 