General Information
Book........................The Early Years
Author.....................David Attenborough
Narrator..................David Attenborough
Genre.......................Biographical/Travel/Adventure
File Information
Source.....................9 CDs
Encoder...................Fraunhofer[FhG] - Using Exact Audio Copy
Converted to...........64 KBit/s CBR / 44,100 Hz / Mono
No.of MP3 Files......9
Total Size................253 MB
Total Runtime.........8 Hours 50 Mins
Ripped by….............OldScotsman
Date..........................21-September-2011

About The Book
David Attenborough’s books and broadcasts have opened the incredible world of natural history to millions of viewers and listeners.
'Zoo Quest for a Dragon' takes us back to one of his earliest projects, when the BBC and London Zoo joined forces on several animal-collecting expeditions.
'Quest in Paradise' follows his next animal collecting and filming trip to New Guinea, home of the exotic Birds of Paradise.
'Quest Under Capricorn' details his expedition to Australia in 1963 in search of more rare species. There, he meets Aborigines, goes walkabout in the bush and learns the secret craft of the artists of Arnhem Land.
Specially recorded for audio, David Attenborough’s earliest adventures are sometimes life-threatening, often hilarious and always totally absorbing. The warmth and enthusiasm that have made him a broadcasting legend are instantly apparent here as he recounts his magical journeys.
Three of David Attenborough’s early adventures, collected together in one limited edition.


Source...........................3 CDs
Number of MP3s.........3
Total Runtime...............3 Hours 15 Mins
About Zoo Quest For A Dragon
This behind-the-scenes look at how the first programmes were made reveals moments of hardship on horseback, canoe and in a wreck of a jeep through swamp, desert and rainforest. Attenborough tells of danger on the crew’s hazardous boat trip with a gun-smuggling captain and the terror of erupting volcanoes.
He also depicts for the listener some of the incredible sights he and his team witnessed – breathtaking butterflies, taking tea with Charlie the orang-utan and the the voyage to the little-known island of Komodo to capture the elusive Komodo Dragon.
Specially recorded for audio, David Attenborough’s early adventures are sometimes life-threatening, often hilarious and always totally absorbing. The warmth and enthusiasm that have made him a broadcasting legend are instantly apparent here as he recounts this magical journey.
David Attenborough, Britain's voice of natural history, narrates his early adventures in the wilds of Indonesia.


Source...........................3 CDs
Number of MP3s.........3
Total Runtime...............2 Hours 40 Mins
About "Quest In Paradise"
Following his expedition to Indonesia, as told in 'Zoo Quest for a Dragon', David Attenborough's next animal collecting and filming trip – as part of the successful 'Zoo Quest' television series – was to New Guinea, home of the exotic Birds of Paradise.
The quest demanded hazardous treks across treacherous terrain in the Jimi Valley and on the edges of uncharted territory. But the arduous adventures were finally rewarded when, in front of the camera, a Count Raggi’s Bird of Paradise enthralled him with its frenzied dance.
In this audio release, David tells of his adventures during the trip: being an onlooker at a formal lovemaking ceremony, seeing the skills of ritual axe making, trying to master pidgin English and witnessing a ‘sing sing’ at which hundreds of tribesmen came together from all parts of the country.
Specially recorded for audio, the magical voice of the master broadcaster entertains and educates in this fascinating account of life in the wilds of the South Pacific.
David Attenborough, Britain’s voice of natural history, narrates his often perilous early adventures in New Guinea.


Source...........................3 CDs
Number of MP3s.........3
Total Runtime...............2 Hours 55 Mins
About "Quest Under Capricorn"
As part of his continuing adventures filmed for the BBC TV series ‘Zoo Quest’, David Attenborough ventured to the Northern Territory of Australia. It is an area that extends for a thousand miles from north to south and nearly six hundred miles from east to west.
Dripping, waterlogged jungle covers the north of the Territory, while a ferociously arid desert lies in the south. For a three-man film crew hoping to capture the essence of the Territory – its people, its landscape and its animals – the environment was truly daunting.
Specially recorded for audio, this third volume from Attenborough’s chronicles of his early expeditions finds him meeting Aborigines, going walkabout in the bush, learning the secret craft of the artists of Arnhem Land, and seeking out a trio of canny no-hopers of debatable origin.
In unique Attenborough style, 'Quest Under Capricorn' paints a compelling and fascinating picture of life Down Under.
David Attenborough, Britain’s voice of natural history, narrates his first expedition to the other side of the world.

About The Author and Reader
It may be difficult to imagine a time when David Attenborough was not a household name, yet his career as a maker of natural history documentaries evolved through a mixture of talent, fate and luck.

Born in London in May 1926, Attenborough was educated at Wyggeston Grammar School, Leicester and Clare College, Cambridge. He did National Service in the Royal Navy and worked in educational publishing before joining the BBC.

At the age of 28, he had been a BBC producer for two years working on a variety of programmes from ballet to party political broadcasts, none of which satisfied his desire to put his zoology degree to good use. He and Jack Lester, London Zoo’s Curator of Reptiles, persuaded their respective employers to mount a joint animal-collecting expedition that would result in a filmed series for the BBC and a collection of rare animals for the zoo.

At the time the BBC cameramen had no experience of such a project, but for the price of a pint of beer they enticed Charles Lagus, recently returned from an expedition in the Himalayas, to join them and they set off for Sierra Leone.
The idea was to combine live film of the animals together with footage of how they were caught. Attenborough moved in front of the cameras for the first time when the Zoo’s expert fell ill.

That was in 1954. The Zoo Quest series was so popular that similar expeditions were launched to different parts of the tropics annually for the next ten years. In Zoo Quest for a Dragon, Attenborough related his adventures in parts of Indonesia which were then little known, looking for animals which had never been filmed before, including the now-famous dragons that live on the tiny and remote island of Komodo.

Other Zoo Quest programmes took him to Guyana, Argentina, Paraguay, the south-west Pacific, Madagascar, northern Australia and down the Zambezi from source to mouth.
In 1965 David Attenborough became Controller of the fledgling BBC2 television network. However, after eight years of sitting behind a desk he returned to programme-making during which time he made his mark by writing and narrating several highly acclaimed series – Life on Earth, The Living Planet, The Trials of Life and, more recently, The Private Life of Plants, The Life of Birds, The Blue Planet, The Life of Mammals and Life in the Undergrowth. 


Enjoy and Seed!!