FIFA 12 by EA SPORTS
Version: 1.0.2
Category: Games
Seller: Electronic Arts Nederland B.V.
Publish Date:2011-09-29
Size: 1.02 GB 

LOVE FOOTBALL. PLAY FOOTBALL. Experience the action of your favorite sport like never before! Watch matches come to life with vibrant graphics, ultra realistic animations, and the most responsive controls ever delivered on iPhone. Now for the first time on iPhone, take your club to the top of the league table with Manager Mode.

BRING YOUR CLUB TO GLORY IN MANAGER MODE
Trade players, upgrade staff, scout for talent, and collect trophies. Develop players and choose the best tactics to make your squad the team to beat!

REAL PLAYERS, REAL TEAMS, REAL LEAGUES
Featuring over 22 officially licensed leagues, 500 licensed teams and more than 15,000 players. Take to the pitch with superstars like Kaka, Wayne Rooney, Gerard Piqué, Karim Benzema and more. From the English Premiership and La Liga, to the German Bundesliga and beyond – dominate your league and march toward glory in 32 authentic stadiums.

WANT TO BE A HERO? TRY THE DAILY CHALLENGES
Can you win a match with a penalty kick? How about scoring with a header after a cross? Earn glorious achievements with Daily Challenges – only on Origin!

MATCH DAY MADNESS
Capture the passion and power of the world’s most popular sport with unprecedented authenticity. This is the deepest, most visually striking football title ever. Feel every thrill on the pitch with your heroes, anytime, anywhere.

FANCY FOOTWORK
New control schemes let you handle the ball with greater precision than ever before. Master free kicks and penalty shots with full touch control. Get in the game with realistic 360° player movement and gesture-driven skill moves. Pull off defense-splitting passes, rifling shots, penalty kicks, and pro-style tricks.

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation) and iPad. Requires iOS 3.1 or later

More info: 
http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/fifa-soccer-12-by-ea-sports/id464153727?mt=8
