. 
  
http://www.torrenting.com/        :     Greatest Movie Tracker on The Net!!!
 
http://www.Torrenting.com          :     Once & For all ;)


               www . Torrenting . Com 

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))


...................................NFO:....................................

. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

               -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-

                                                                
                      Go.West.21.2007.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR         
                                                                

                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Go West 21                                       
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-04-10       Source [ Retail DVD        
        Retail [ 2007-10-01       iMDB [ N/A               
        Runtime [ 115 mins         Size CD1 [ 700MB / 49x15MB   
        Genre [ Live music          CD2 [ 700MB / 49x15MB   
                                         Extras [  87MB /  7x15MB   
                                                                      
                  http://www.peter-cox.org/21DVD.html                 
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 448kb/s 5.1ch DD AC3                           
          Video [ 624 x 352 @ 1246kb/s 25fps                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           On 1st November 2006 at Manchester's Lowry Theatre,        
         Go West performed their debut album live and in its          
         entirety for the first time and for one night only.          
         The evening also served as a premiere of songs from          
         their forthcoming C. This is the film of that show.          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                      1. Let Love Come                                
                      2. Faithful                                     
                      3. All Day-All Night                            
                      4. Haunted                                      
                      5. Never Enough                                 
                      6. Missing Persons                              
                      7. I Want To Hear It From You                   
                      8. Lolita                                       
                      9. Innocence                                    
                     10. Goodbye Girl                                 
                     11. That's What Love Can Do                      
                     12. Man On Fire                                  
                     13. Don't Look Down                              
                     14. Eye To Eye                                   
                     15. Faded                                        
                     16. Glow                                         
                     17. Vertigo                                      
                     18. Stars Don't Shine                            
                     19. The Sun and the Moon                         
                     20. S.O.S                                        
                     21. Call me                                      
                     22. We Close Our Eyes                            
                     23. Tracks of my Tears                           
                     24. King Of Wishful Thinking                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           The name Go West might not immediately ring any            
         bells, but if you've seen Pretty Woman, you've heard         
         them before. Their track "King of Wishful Thinking"          
         off the soundtrack became a runaway hit, and is their        
         highest charting single to date, perfectly capturing         
         the spirit of when the 80s became the 90s. When that         
         happened they were already several years into their          
         career, and many of their singles had been hits back         
         in their native UK. Their sound can best be described        
         as the bastard love child of 80s Genesis and Huey Lewis      
         and the News, and some of their tracks are simply            
         incredibly catchy! After the band had been dormant           
         for several years, and 21 years after the release of         
         their debut album, they made a one night only                
         performance in Manchester, playing that entire album,        
         as well as new material, and a few covers. While they        
         might not completely manage to recreate their original       
         80s sound, they prove themselves to be a terrific live       
         band, and Peter Cox shows he's still got a very powerful     
         voice.                                                       
                                                                      
           We've also thrown in the extra from the DVD, featuring     
         backstage interviews with the band, as well as fans.         
                                                                      
           If you're in a bad mood after watching this, there's       
         something wrong with you!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
                     Enjoy!                                           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To groups and sites that have supported us along the       
         way. To those focused on quality rather than quantity.       
         And to those who contribute and keep this fun!               
                                                                      
                                                                      
         We've enjoyed rips from...                                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                          
                                
                      nFO: asphyx