ADWORDS CERTIFICATION PROGRAM LEARNING CENTER
101 - Google Advertising Fundamentals
102 - Search Advertising Advanced
collected by www.riddler.tk from Exam Study Learning Center
2011
Published by: Google Inc.

Google | 2011 | No ISBN, collected by RiddleR.tk | 3 Docx Files


Use Google qualifications to become an AdWords professional to showcase your knowledge and skills to potential employers.

This is the material required to bypass Google Adwords Certification Exams for individuals. When you pass the required exams to become Individually Qualified, you'll receive a certificate verifying your achievement. You'll also have an Individual Profile page you can share with interested parties; you manage the information that goes in this profile page in the Profile tab in your account, and you can enable the page to be published once you're qualified.
As this qualification indicates an achievement of a standard of knowledge, you can also put your Individual Qualification on a resume or otherwise use it to market your skills as a potential account manager.

Contents:

Google Advertising Fundamentals.docx
The Google Advertising Fundamentals Exam covers the most basic aspects of AdWords and online advertising, including account management and the value of search advertising.

Search Advertising Advanced.docx
The Search Advertising Advanced Exam covers intermediate-to-advanced best practices for managing AdWords campaigns.

Adwords quiz.docx
This is basic quizzes based in the material provided by Google, it should help you to get used to the exam environment.

In order to become certified, you must pass both the Google Advertising Fundamentals exam as well as one of the three advanced exams (which is Search Advertising for Adwords Management).

To Open Files you will need Microsoft Office 2007 installed, or Microsoft Office 2003  with docx plugin installed



Google Online Learning Center:  
http://adwords.google.com/support/aw/go/learningcenter


Certification Info: 
http://www.google.com/adwords/professionals/individual.html