This 2010 documentary DVD deals with the issue and practice of abortion in the United States. The program is presented and narrated by Dr. Alveda King, niece of [u]Dr Martin Luther King, Jr.[/u]
While abortion is an issue and medical practice all over the globe, this movie focuses on the subject, history and context within the United States. 

The filmmakers and participants of this documentary allege that the practice of abortion is not truly about women's rights, women's health nor matters of choice and liberty as the subject too often is billed as being based on. The film's premise is obviously slanted to being against the practice of abortion. 

This film is an indictment of the practice of abortion as being one which is solely based on large profit seeking. Furthermore, the presentation shows abortion as an act of medical violence against women and a strong component of racism and ethnic bias taints the practice in America currently.

The film has legal experts, social critics, religious leaders and commentators, former abortion clinic medical staff, civil rights leaders, historians and individual men and women examine the practice of abortion. 

Many social points of abortion practice are touched on. The issue of Eugenics and race still persist in current times, as they were from the inception of abortion, and drive the practice in many minority neighborhoods. The argument that abortion is a needed service to women has been exploded and shown false by showing that abortions are preformed at an expense that is much higher then the cost of the practice and done solely for profit of the abortion providers. Also revealed is that many women will be given the abortion surgery even though they are not in fact pregnant; staff members at clinics have lied to women about their pregnancy tests in order to get them to pay for unneeded treatment.

Some sales training tactics of how the abortion clinic staff convince emotionally vulnerable women to commit to having, and paying for, the procedure is interesting to learn of. While some view this as unethical, emotional manipulation of people is not illegal and has been shown to be a valid selling technique. 

The film has Populist, rather then religious ones normally associated to the anti abortion position, overtones and charges that the practice in modern America is out of place. The film alleges excessive size and budgets of the US Government coupled with the core group of abortion providers create a closed loop of selling abortion services at high prices. 

The ones who profit extremely are only a few in the medical profession along with the politicians who get paid in turn from this cadre of abortion service providers. As a life saving service to women in general, abortion does not live up to the billing; so the film alleges. 

Adding to that is the issue of monopolies of abortion services providers in almost all geographic areas and disproportionate targeting of minorities to sell the services to. The effects on population of black women and their offspring is given a more detailed look.

Issues of socialized medicine for America and the alleged angle that the abortion providers would receive a huge financial windfall from it is examined briefly as well. Charges are made that the abortion providers use their coffers to steer the course of politics in favor of socialized medicine so that later on the profits from abortions would be many times higher, at taxpayer expense, for the abortion providers to sell that service.   

The film makes a historical travel to show the major legal changes which allow for abortion. The medical and social history of the abortion topic is also presented in a time line manner. The film lists many hazards of abortion which women can suffer from mentally and physically as well as the ways in which loose legal and medical terminologies are utilized to enact and  justify the practice of abortion  where in many cases it is unwarranted. Other legal examinations dealing with abortion are looked at in this film 

There are some Christian images (Cross) in the movie, however the film is not a religious nor teleological stance against the abortion practice. The arguments against the act of abortion are based on science (medical), sociological views, legal and political reasoning. 

In this uploader's opinion, parts of the film become a bit gimmicky. Namely the sections were women who have had abortions share their personal emotion pain and lingering trauma from the choice they made to dispose of their babies. While the women's sincerity is not in doubt, a 'soft news' feel or human interest story vibe is conveyed in those parts of the film. This contrasts with the more logical evidence based presentation for most of the viewing time. 

The issue of abortion has always been an emotion one for both sides; the viewer can most likely overlook the tugging at one's heart strings attempt. 

The abortion issue in the USA has been often politically polarized. This film does not pander to the American Right Wing (religious) stance per se. Much of the information used in the criticism of abortion has already appeared from Pro Life Feminists as well as certain sects of Pro Sex Feminism, usually on the Left Wing of America political issues.  In addition, those such as Libertarians made previous arguments against the entanglements of the “Big Government” and core special interests using taxpayer money (to fund the overhead and the backroom operating costs of abortion) to advance the selling of dangerous services which only a hand full of people really benefit, AKA profit, from.

The issue of racism in the abortion practice is it's own matter. That is a damning blow to the position that abortion in modern America is openly about liberty and the rights of all. 

The film ends with a call to peaceful activism and to be involved on this issue at many levels of society and to seek peaceful political solutions to end the hurtful acts against women and alleged corruption and greed of the abortion business.

While not all viewers would agree with that message, insofar as most documentaries want the views to be passive watchers, it is nice to see a filmmaker try to inspire some involvement of the audience. 

[quote]
BloodMoney is a documentary film that exposes the truth behind the Abortion Industry from the Pro Life perspective.

This film will examine the history of abortion in America, from the inception of Planned Parenthood and the profitability of abortion clinics, to Roe v. Wade, to the denial of when life begins, to the fight to save the lives of innocent babies, and the devastating effects it has had on the women that have had them.[/quote]

Official Website:
[url]http://bloodmoneyfilm.com/trailer.php[/url]

A YouTube trailer is to be found on that above link. That can serve as a preview for the film. 

The issue and debate about the standing of abortion in America is still strong. Sadly many news outlets, broadcast ones namely, have not given this still gripping issue much exposure in recent years. Nice to see that filmmakers take up the task and hopefully inspire more renewed debate and dialog on this most important of social and political matters in modern America. 

The runtime is one hour and twenty-one minutes. No subtitles are included.