Business Card Software Details
Key Benefits:
Create a Business Card FAST!: Use the Design Wizard to create a great looking business card from one of hundreds of business card templates in literally seconds.  If you prefer you can also create a blank business card and design it yourself or import an image of an existing business card.  Our business card software lets you work the way you want to. 

Thousands of pre-defined backgrounds, textures and clipart images: In addition, all common image formats are supported so you can use your own pictures, logos and clipart to design the perfect custom business card for you. You can even scan pictures from a scanner or a digital camera directly into your design with our business card software.

Support for ALL Business Card Stock: Design US size, metric size or a custom business card size. A business card any size between 1 to 4 inches can be created with our business card software.

Support for all Styles of Business Cards:  Standard wide business cards, tall business cards, as well as double sided, photo quality, folded and CD-R business cards.  You name it and this business card software can handle it.

Print it Yourself or Have it Printed Professionally: You can print your business card on your computer's printer and achieve excellent results or you can save your business card as an image and take it to your local print shop to have your custom business card printed professionally.  Either way our business card software creates great looking business cards just for you.

Custom Printing Options: With our business card software you can print any number of business cards starting at any position on the sheet on any Windows compatible printer using our business card printing software.

Rich Text: Mix fonts, styles and colors of text within a single text object for rich text on your business card.

Graphic Effects: Crop, mirror, flip, rotate, negative, noise, gamma, etc. Even give a graphic a transparent background with our business card software. 

Useful Shape Tools: Draw lines, rectangles, triangles, ellipses, diamonds and more. Use blending to make the background semi-transparent, blending into whatever is behind the shape in our business card software.

Text Effects: Our business card software lets you draw spiral, radial, arc and variable size text.  Change the font, size, color, style, shadow rotation and blending.  You can even display text as a barcode, an auto-increment counter or the current date and/or time.

Gradient and Texture Fills with Alpha Blending: Use a gradient or select a texture or image to fill text and shape objects to create outstanding custom business cards.  Alpha Blending allows you to blend the gradient or texture into whatever is behind it.

Store Business Card Information for Multiple Employees: The built-in Personal Database to store information for multiple cards so printing a business card for employees is a breeze with our business card software.


Install:
========
Run the installer and you're good to go!!