Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31146.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31147.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31148.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31149.jpg

Homefront-SKIDROW
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Homefront (c) THQ

23-03-2011........Release Date <-> Protection...........Steam+CEG
FPS..................Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The year is 2027. The world as we know it is unraveling after fifteen
years of economic meltdown and widespread global conflict over
dwindling natural resources.

A once proud America has fallen, her infrastructure shattered and
military in disarray. Crippled by a devastating EMP strike, the USA is
powerless to resist the ever expanding occupation of a savage, nuclear
armed Greater Korean Republic.

Abandoned by her former allies, the United States is a bleak landscape
of walled towns and abandoned suburbs. This is a police state where
high school stadiums have become detention centers, and shopping malls
shelter armored attack vehicles. A once-free people are now prisoners…
or collaborators… or revolutionaries.

Join the Resistance, stand united and fight for freedom against an
overwhelming military force in Homefront's gripping single player
campaign penned by John Milius (Apocalypse Now, Red Dawn). Stand
alongside a cast of memorable characters as an emotional plot unfolds
in this terrifyingly plausible near-future world. Experience visceral,
cinematic first-person shooter action as you fight your way across
Occupied USA using guerrilla tactics, and commandeer military vehicles
and advanced drone technology to defeat the enemy.

Features:

Discover a terrifyingly plausible near-future world - the familiar has
become alien in this nightmare vision of Occupied USA

Fight for a cause - join a cast of memorable characters as your
resistance cell wages a guerrilla war against overwhelming military
odds in the name of Freedom

Witness the human cost of war - a gripping story from the pen of John
Milius is told through immersive, interactive 1st person cut scenes

Experience explosive FPS gameplay - battle through a dynamic mix of
infantry and vehicle combat in a gripping single player campaign
boasting intense, memorable set pieces

Take the battle online - experience large scale multiplayer action like
never before in epic infantry and vehicle warfare

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game /Binaries/ folder
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use the Launcher.exe included with the crack to change languages!

Game is ofcourse updated with the latest updated content!

Note:If you have something to offer as early releases,seedboxes,
links,accounts,etc please contact us on torentz 3xforum ro

Homefront-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,patch,serial,keygen,trainers,crackfix,updates,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,news,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some release sites or official web pages.