 
http://www.amazon.com/Jennifer-Kries-Pilates-Method-Precision/dp/B0006SSPN0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1298021342&sr=8-1
 
http://www.jenniferkries.com/

XVID, 512x384, Qf=0.195, AC3 (224 kbs)

Note: The DVD quality is very ordinary

Jennifer says;

I first discovered Pilates at age thirteen with one of Joseph Pilates’ protégées, the late Eve Gentry at the prestigious School of American Ballet in New York City in what they then called a “Contrology Class,”--- the name Joseph Pilates gave to the technique he developed. Long before anyone knew what it was, we aspiring dancers used Pilates as a secret weapon to strengthen our abdominals and our bodies, so that we could jump higher, turn faster and move with greater precision and grace. I practiced Pilates throughout my professional dance career and it not only helped me to prevent injury and keep my body in peak form, but encouraged me to listen to my body and honor it.

Pilates had been such an effective and profound mind-body tool, throughout my dance career, that I felt compelled to share it with the public. After getting certified in the early 90’s, with another one of Joseph Pilates “Master Inheritors,” Romana Kryzanowska, and becoming one of the privileged few “2nd Generation” Pilates Master Instructors, I introduced the Pilates “Mat class” to gym facilities in New York and watched the excitement build … People would have one taste of it, and they would be immediately hooked. Even after one class, they felt taller, more energized, more capable and more alive!
As a Pilates instructor I was thrilled to be I was thrilled to be able to influence the lives of people in my classes in New York, but I wanted to share this incredible secret with as many people as possible. Serendipitously, one of my loyal students was in video production and said, “Jennifer, you really should share this with the masses! Let me help you …” In 1998 I premiered the first ever Pilates video under “The Method” title, helping to pave the way for the current wave of enthusiasm for mind-body fitness, and just look at Pilates now! 