Music : Indie : Lossless







Wilco - The Whole Love (2011)(HQ Artwork Scans Included)( FLAC)





*** XLD Ripping - This is a rip of the CD that comes with the vinyl
edition ***










The Whole Love is the eighth album by American alternative rock group Wilco, expected to be released on September 27, 2011. It is their first album on their own label dBpm. Attendees at Wilco's 2011 Solid Sound Festival at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art from June 24 to 26 could purchase the first single from the album, "I Might". The entire album was streamed live on Wilco's official website for 24 hours between September 3 and 4, 2011, and later streamed on National Public Radio.



Quote:
Wilco's more than 15-year evolution as a band has featured a stunning series of sonic ebbs and flows. The group's revolving cast of members started off recording country-flavored pop songs with fairly standard chord progressions, rhythms and instrumentation. But each album that followed Wilco's 1995 debut, A.M., grew increasingly experimental, culminating in 2002's brilliant but polarizing Yankee Hotel Foxtrot. The record earned Wilco vast critical praise and attracted a massive new audience, but it also alienated many fans of the band's earlier, more traditional songwriting. Then, over the course of three more albums, Wilco retreated from its arty studio tricks and returned to safer, more conventional music-making — which led to more head-scratching. What kind of band is this? What does it want to be?

Listening to Wilco's latest album — The Whole Love, out Sept. 27 — it's clear that the group's members are just a bunch of talented, inspired and entirely genuine music lovers who stay married to few, if any, rules. They both embrace and dismantle the elements of songcraft as an endlessly malleable art form, and do it so gracefully that they've made Wilco perhaps America's best band, even if the results are sometimes mixed.

On one hand, The Whole Love is Wilco's most adventurous record in a decade. The band is back to playing with polyrhythms and structure, often abandoning typical verse-and-chorus lines for less linear and more surprising songs. But they also include cuts that would fit comfortably on some of the band's earliest records. The Whole Love's seven-minute opener, "Art of Almost," is an epic, sprawling, magnificently disjointed song full of strange textures and unexpected twists. But it's followed by "I Might," a candy-flavored pop song like something from 1999's Summerteeth. In "Dawned on Me," dark, thrashing guitars clash with delicate vocals and a lovely, hopeful melody. "Born Alone" is one of the catchiest songs Wilco has ever produced, while "Capitol City" has an almost goofy shuffle like something from an early Randy Newman record — not that there's anything wrong with that. The Whole Love closes with "One Sunday Morning," a moving 12-minute meditation on growing old and battling inner demons, the strained relationship between a father and son, and the weight of bitter regret.

Wilco's gifted frontman and primary songwriter, Jeff Tweedy has been making music for nearly 30 years, going all the way back to his earliest days in the early-'80s rockabilly band The Plebes, and he's never pretended to owe anyone anything. He takes his songs where his heart and imagination lead him, and regardless of which camp you fall in — pre- or post-Yankee Hotel Foxtrot — the results are always rewarding. -

NPR review










Info:


Wilco - The Whole Love

XLD rip | FLAC+CUE+LOG+M3U | Full LP Artwork | 373 MB

dBpm Records ~ 87156-2 / 87174-2D1

Released: September 27, 2011

Genre: Alternative rock, folk, americana

Length: 55:40

Label: dBpm

Producer: Jeff Tweedy, Pat Sansone and Tom Schick



Credits & Notes:


Produced by Jeff Tweedy with Patrick Sansone and Tom Schick
Recorded at The Loft in Chicago, IL
Engineered and Mixed by Tom Schick with Patrick Sansone and Jeff Tweedy
Assistant to the Engineer: Mark Greenberg
Studio Manager: Jason Tobias
Mastered by Bob Ludwig at Gateway Mastering, Portland, ME
String Arrangement on Black Moon: Patrick Sansone

All songs written by Jeff Tweedy (Words Ampersand Music, BMI)
Stellar bridge assistance on Whole Love, Dawned On Me and Born Alone by Patrick Sansone

I Might features samples from the Stooges recording T.V. Eye
Produced under license from Atlantic Recording Corp. by arrangement with Rhino Entertainment Company, a Warner Music Group company.

Graphic Design: Jeff Tweedy and Lawrence Azerrad for LAD design, Los Angeles, CA

Album Artwork by: Joanne Greenbaum

Band Photos by Mikael Jorgensen and Austin Nelson. Photographed at MASS MoCA, North Adams, MA, in the exhibition Sol LeWitt: A Wall Drawing Retrospective.

Wall Drawing 343A (Circle/Patrick), Wall Drawing 343B (Square/Mikael), Wall Drawing 343C (Triangle/Nels): On a black wall, nine geometric figures (including right triangle, cross, X) in squares. The backgrounds are filled in solid white.
December 1980. White crayon on black wall.
Private Collection, Switzerland, courtesy BFAS Blondeau Fine Arts Services. First drawn by Joe Watanabe. First installation: Gagosian Gallery, Venice, California. On view at MASS MoCA thru 2032.

Wall Drawing 343D (Rectangle/John), Wall Drawing 343E (Trapezoid/Glenn), Wall Drawing 343F (Parallelogram/Jeff): On a black wall, nine geometric figures (including right triangle, cross, X) in squares. The backgrounds are filled in solid white.
December 1980. White crayon on black wall.
Courtesy of the estate of Sol LeWitt. First drawn by Joe Watanabe. First installation: Gagosian Gallery, Venice, California. On view at MASS MoCA thru 2032.












Track listing:

All songs written and composed by Jeff Tweedy.

01. Art Of Almost (7:16)
02. I Might (4:01)
03. Sunloathe (3:19)
04. Dawned On Me (3:43)
05. Black Moon (3:56)
06. Born Alone (3:55)
07. Open Mind (3:40)
08. Capitol City (4:03)
09. Standing (3:29)
10. Rising Red Lung (3:09)
11. Whole Love (3:49)
12. One Sunday Morning (Song for Jane Smiley’s Boyfriend) (12:04)

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Whole_Love











ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!