Tracklist:

1. Excursions
2. Buggin' Out	
3. Rap Promoter 	
4. Butter 
5. Verses From The Abstract
6. Show Business
7. Vibes And Stuff	
8. The Infamous Date Rape	
9. Check The Rhime 	
10. Everything Is Fair	
11. Jazz (We've Got)	
12. Skypager
13. What? 	
14. Scenario

Artist: A Tribe Called Quest
Title: The Low end Theory
Released: September 24, 1991
Bitrate: 320kbps joint stereo


The Low End Theory helped shape alternative hip hop in the 1990s. It established the musical, cultural, and historical link between hip hop and jazz. The album was considered an instant classic with a 5 mics rating in The Source. Reviewer Reef lauded their "progressive sound" and "streetwise edge". Writer Oliver Wang called the album "a consummate link between generations", which took the essence of jazz and hip hop, and "showing they originated from the same black center." The group's "mellow innovations" helped jazz rap gain significant exposure from 1992 to 1993. Rolling Stone ranked the album at number 154 in "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time", stating that "people connected the dots between hip-hop and jazz both were revolutionary forms of black music based in improvisation and flow but A Tribe Called Quest's second album drew the entire picture.

In Time magazine's "ALL-TIME 100" albums, Josh Tyrangiel called the record an exception to jazz rap often being "wishful thinking on the part of critics". He described the album as "socially conscious without being dull" and likened a few tracks to "smoky rooms where cool guys ... say cool things."The Low End Theory was voted at number thirty-two in The Village Voice's 1991 Pazz & Jop critics poll.Allmusic writer John Bush, who declared it "the most consistent and flowing hip-hop album ever recorded",summed up the record as "an unqualified success, the perfect marriage of intelligent, flowing raps to nuanced, groove-centered productions."On February 1, 1995, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified the album platinum. In 2005, comedian Chris Rock ranked it ninth on his Top 25 Hip-Hop Albums.[citation needed] Electronica artist James Lavelle cited The Low End Theory as one of his favorite albums.