[img]http://i.imgur.com/MtRnA.jpg[/img]
 
Armed with paranormal detectors and electronic devices, the From Beyond team leads viewers into the homes of Latino families and other locations that are experiencing paranormal activity. Through personal interviews and chilling tales, real peoples’ true stories are being uncovered proving that paranormal needs no translation.
mun2.tv
 
 
 
From Beyond - Season 1 Complete - WebRip XviD
 
 
Shadow Man
Season: 01, Episode: 01
Date Aired: Jul/31/2011
 
A single mother and her two daughters call From Beyond to investigate various entities disturbing them in their home, including the Shadow Man that lingers in their garage. Ana faces her fears and joins the team to confront the spirits haunting her home when during an investigation their equipment begins to show signs of an evil presence.
 
 
 
Ghost Magnet
Season: 01, Episode: 02
Date Aired: Aug/07/2011
 
Vanina has been fascinated with the supernatural since her childhood in Mexico. Have her tarot card readings welcomed spirits into her home? Is the antique furniture in her living room a portal for the dead? A.J. and the team meet her possessed doll Lola and investigate what is haunting her home.
 
 
 
Antonio's
Season: 01, Episode: 03
Date Aired: Aug/14/2011
 
The team investigates claims of paranormal activity at a family owned restaurant and discover the owner’s deceased son might be one of the resident spirits in the building. Christian convinces Antonio to get a personal reading from AJ and try to connect him with his son, who died in a tragic car accident. Will Antonio get to say farewell to his son?
 
 
 
Séance
Season: 01, Episode: 04
Date Aired: Aug/21/2011
 
Can AJ bring closure to a young woman who lost her brother in an untimely death? Will a young man receive inspiration to follow his dreams from his artistic uncle? What will happen when a young man is reconnected with his estranged father? Christian and Ramiro join AJ to help three participants communicate with dead loved ones in an intimate séance.
 
 
 
Covina Theatre
Season: 01, Episode: 05
Date Aired: Aug/28/2011
 
The Covina Center for the Performing Arts has been home to great performances – both on stage and from beyond. Joined by past performer Humberto, the team investigates some scary encounters at the newly renovated theater. Was this the site of a former mortuary? Did an untimely death leave a spirit to haunt the stage? A.J., Christian and Ramiro set out to find these scene-stealing ghosts.
 
 
 
Ghost & Bones
Season: 01, Episode: 06
Date Aired: Sep/11/2011
 
Childlike cries, unexplained noises, and a mysterious shadow figure have lead siblings Jaime and Lupe to believe a little girl's ghost is haunting them. Their mother Isabel is concerned that this haunting could have something to do with a bucket of bones she unearthed 20 years ago in the backyard.
 
 
 
Urban Legends
Season: 01, Episode: 07
Date Aired: Sep/18/2011
 
AJ, Christian and Ramiro investigate urban legends at the Rialto Historical Society, a building that is home to its own mysterious legend. AJ is startled by an unexplained touch. Is it the presence of a young girl known to haunt the location or did Christian provoke the infamous Bloody Mary?
 
 
 
Jacob
Season: 01, Episode: 07
Date Aired: Sep/25/2011
 
Family man and ex-Marine Jacob joins the team as they investigate the strange noises made by the ghost spirit of a little girl in his home. During the investigation they are all shocked when AJ picks up a presence in the home: Jacob’s dead father. Will an emotional Jacob get to say his final goodbye?
 
 
 
Ghost Stalker
Season: 01, Episode: 09
Date Aired: Oct/02/2011
 
No matter where Mary goes she’s always experiencing disturbing activity that she believes might also be causing her paralysis when she wakes up. Having moved one too many times, Mary seeks guidance from the team to help her get rid of whatever has followed her into her grandmother’s home.
 
 
 
Priscilla's Baby
Season: 01, Episode: 10
Date Aired: Oct/09/2011
 
When Priscilla and Frank brought home their newborn baby girl several months ago, things started to go awry. The strange movements, sightings, and what they call “the wind of a spirit” in the dining room did not bother them until they discovered unexplained scratches on their baby girl. The couple asks the team to find out what’s going on so that they and the baby can finally live in peace.
 
 
 
Irene's Ghost
Season: 01, Episode: 11
Date Aired: Oct/16/2011
 
Irene believes her house is haunted and seeks the help of Ramiro, Christian, and AJ to discover the source of her home's nightly disturbances. The team’s assumptions are challenged when evidence leads to a surprising connection with Irene’s boyfriend, Steven.
 
 
 
Linda Vista Hospital
Season: 01, Episode: 12
Date Aired: Oct/23/2011
 
A staple in the historically Latino Boyle Heights neighborhood in Los Angeles, Linda Vista hospital is known as one of the most haunted locations in the U.S. It's now also home to the team’s most haunting night ever.
 
 
 
Best of Season One
Season: 01, Episode: 13
Date Aired: Oct/30/2011
 
AJ, Christian, and Ramiro take on their final challenge, the Spirit Board, as they reminisce about their most memorable investigations of the season.
 
 
 
MediaInfo
  
General
Format : AVI
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 350 MiB
Writing application : VirtualDubMod 1.5.10.2
 
Video
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format profile : Advanced Simple@L5
Format settings, BVOP : 2
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
Codec ID : XVID
Codec ID/Hint : XviDWidth : 640 pixels
Height : 416 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 3:2
Frame rate : 29.970 fps
 
Audio
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Mode : Joint stereo
Mode extension : MS Stereo
Codec ID : 55
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Bit rate mode : Variable
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Alignment : Aligned on interleaves