The complete Shakespeare

Please note, this torrent has a few low-quality plays which were replaced in the v2 torrent here
Please seed the v2 torrent instead.
These are all 320 kbps mp3s, with the exception of:
04 - Richard III
21 - Merry Wives of Windsor
28 - King Lear
31 - Coriolanus
37 - Henry VIII
These are in 64 kbps only, and A Midsummer Nights Dream, The Merchant of Venice, both parts of Henry IV, Julius Caesar, As You Like It, Hamlet, Troilus and Cressida, Othello, Macbeth, Timon of Athens, and Cymbeline are in 192 kbps.

If you happen to have a better quality of the 64 kbps ones (see above), you are more than welcome to share.

Arkangel Productions brings together the best of academic and entertainment industry expertise. Tom Treadwell, a university professor who specialized in Elizabethan drama, and Bill Shepherd from the world of film and TV production, worked with Clive Brill, a former BBC director/producer, to make their vision a reality. Their goal: to produce Shakespeare for the 21st Century — the definitive, ultimate audio Shakespeare. This is it — they have achieved their goal.

The creative team designed a sophisticated layering of sound and music to provide a complete audio environment. Music was composed by Dominique Le Gendre, whose award-winning talents matched the art of the performers. All the plays were recorded at one of London's leading studios, The Sound House.

The Cast

These productions are performed by a distinguished cast of nearly 400 actors, including Eileen Atkins, Jennifer Ehle, Joseph Fiennes, Sir Adrian Lester, John Gielgud, Alan Howard, Jane Lapotaire, Amanda Root, David Tennant, Sophie Thompson, Samuel West, Timothy West and Ciaran Hinds.

Key Roles are played by: Hamlet, Simon Russell Beale; Romeo, Joseph Fiennes; Juliet, Maria Miles; Julius Caesar, Michael Feast; Mark Antony, Adrian Lester;
Macbeth, Hugh Ross; King Lear, Trevor Peacock; Antony, Ciaran Hinds; Cleopatra, Estelle Kohler; Propsero, Bob Peck; Bottom, Roy Hudd; Rosalind, Niamh Cusack;
Gower in Pericles, Sir John Gielgud.

Most of the actors have trained with The Royal Shakespeare Company.

Creative Director

Clive Brill graduated from Oxford University and then joined the BBC where he worked for 12 years as director, producer, and commissioning editor. In 1996,
he left the BBC to develop and direct the Arkangel Shakespeare project. He directed all 38 plays, which star many great British actors. Together with Tom Treadwell, he has produced the British film Before You Go, starring Julia Walters and Tom Wilkinson. They are co-directors of Pacificus Productions in London, which produces drama across all media.


Enjoy and Seed!!