DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:


The Hunt for Planet X: New Worlds and the Fate of Pluto
By Govert Schilling


Publisher:   Springer
Number Of Pages:   303
Publication Date:   2008-11-11
ISBN-10 / ASIN:   0387778047
ISBN-13 / EAN:   9780387778044


Product Description: 
Ever since the serendipitous discovery of planet Uranus in 1871, astronomers have been hunting for new worlds in the outer regions of our solar system. This exciting and ongoing quest culminated recently in the discovery of hundreds of ice dwarfs in the Kuiper belt, robbed Pluto from its ‘planet’ status, and led to a better understanding of the origin of the solar system.

This timely book reads like a scientific ‘who done it’, going from the heights of discovery to the depths of disappointment in the hunt for ‘Planet X’. Based on many personal interviews with astronomers, the well-known science writer Govert Schilling introduces the heroes in the race to be the first in finding another world, bigger than Pluto.




Summary: An excellent book for lovers of astronomy
Rating: 5
This book is an excellent, highly readable account of the discovery of trans-Saturnian Planets of our Solar System, especially Pluto and the Planet X. X stands for ten as well as unknown. When Pluto was discovered in 1930, it was not the tenth planet but was the mysterious unknown planet that was theorized to exist based on the orbital fluctuations of Uranus (Neptune was discovered earlier but even after taking into account its effects, Uranus had orbital fluctuations suggesting the existence of one or more planets beyond). Later observations showed that Pluto was not alone but was a member of a group of bodies collectively named Kuiper Belt. In 2006, Pluto was demoted as a regular Planet, in the face of opposition from many astronomers. You should read the book to know more about all the debate and the factors that weighed with the astronomers. 

The science and the human drama (the fierce competition, the national pride, the hunger for credit etc.) have been nicely brought out by Govert and the illustrations and photographs add a lot of value to the book. 

I have no hesitation in recommending this book strongly to all lovers of science in general and astronomy in particular. 

Govert Schilling is an internationally acclaimed freelance writer on astronomy from Netherlands. 

The reviewer is a physicist and a metallurgist, with interests in astronomy and other sciences. He is an author and editor besides being an avid reader and reviewer of books.



Summary: A fascinating read for anyone who loves astronomy
Rating: 5
Much to the controversy of many, Pluto is no longer a planet by scientific definition. "The Hunt for Planet X: New Worlds and the Fate of Pluto" is a look into the outer reaches of our solar systems and the things that clasp to the outer reaches of the solar system. Chronicling the debates that have been raging for centuries about what lies beyond Neptune, "The Hunt for Planet X" is a real life mystery that many of today's scientists have dedicated themselves to solving, but the mystery may be up to future generations to solve. "The Hunt for Planet X: New Worlds and the Fate of Pluto" is a fascinating read for anyone who loves astronomy.
