 http://bayimg.com/palEjaADc

The Unknown Marx Brothers (TV 1993) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0126108/

Directed by David Leaf

Comedy doesn't often age well, but the exceptions to that rule can be extraordinary. One of the most glaring is the Marx Brothers, whose best work somehow seems as fresh on the 10th viewing, over 60 years later, as it does on the first. That fact doesn't negate the thrill of seeing new material, which makes this 1993 documentary a treat. Though it tries to be both, The Unknown Marx Brothers functions better as a collection of rare clips than as a history of the Marx Brothers. Not that it's a bad overview; it's just a sketchy one that isn't helped by uninspired narration by a tired-sounding Leslie Nielsen. The unearthed footage, from a long-lost appearance by Harpo Marx in, appropriately, a 1925 silent film, to Groucho's appearance on The New Bill Cosby Show in the early '70s, nicely fleshes out testimonials from friends, colleagues and co-workers. Some of this material is funny, such as chaotic outtakes from You Bet Your Life, while some is perversely fascinating, like clips from the disastrous 1959 attempt at a television show featuring Groucho, Harpo and Chico as comedic angels. While The Unknown Marx Brothers hardly puts its subjects' genius in perspective, and rarely shows them at their best—try Duck Soup, Monkey Business, or nearly any of their films from the '30s for that—it is, like its rare footage, a good find. 

Every comedian who has attempted to be zany, irreverent, or anti-establishment owes a debt to the comedy team that first set the standard. I’m talking about the Marx brothers, of course. If you haven’t seen Cocoanuts, Horse Feathers, Duck Soup, or A Night at the Opera, stop reading this immediately and head to your local video store. The Unknown Marx Brothers can serve in two ways – as enriching background material for Marx Brothers fans (which should include anyone who’s seen just one of their films) or as an introduction to the famous comedy team.

Narrated by Leslie Nielsen, this retrospective documentary covers the lives of the Marx brothers from their births through their careers through film clips, interviews with their children, some home movies, and some wonderful archived footage that you won’t find anywhere else. The film will answer many of your questions about the team, including the most common one of all – are they really brothers? 

The answer to that is a resounding, “yes!” Now, for those still reading, here’s a bit of trivia that will stump nearly everyone. Most people will be able to name the three most famous Marx brothers, and many will be able to name the fourth who appears in many of their movies. A few will be able to name the fifth Marx brother, but almost no one will be able to name the 6th brother unless they’ve seen The Unknown Marx Brothers or have read this review. That’s because the first born son died very early. The list follows with the real name listed first:
1. Manfred 
2. Leonard (Chico)
3. Adolph/Arthur (Harpo)
4. Julius (Groucho)
5. Milton (Gummo)
6. Herbert (Zeppo)

The first part of the documentary covers a lot of background information. We learn that the Marx brothers were probably destined for show business well before they were born since their maternal grandparents from Germany were heavily involved with theater, and infected their mother, Minnie, with the show business “bug.” 

We also learn how each of the most famous Marx brothers was unique from the beginning with Chico becoming a compulsive gambler by the age of 12, Harpo being the mild mannered “good son,” and the quiet Groucho watching his money carefully and reading for long hours in the restroom, developing the vocabulary that would establish him as one of the greatest ad libbers in history.

There are also some funny accounts of how Groucho and Zeppo got their nicknames, depending on which relative you ask. For example, the three theories for Groucho’s moniker concern a “grouch bag” that was used for money, a cartoon strip, and Groucho’s own natural disposition. We also learn how Harpo was inspired to work silently after some Chicago writers praised his pantomime work, but said that his vocalizations cheapened his schtick. 


