                               S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                               .the leading force.

                                proudly presents
            Dungeon Siege III: Treasures of the Sun (c) SQUARE ENIX


       31-10-2011........Release Date <-> Protection...............Steam
       Action/RPG...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................DLC


       RELEASE NOTES


    In Dungeon Siege III: Treasures of the Sun, players will extend their
    journey and travel beyond the borders of Ehb to an all-new environment:
    the Aranoi Desert. On their search for a lost Legion hero, players will
    fight through hordes of new villains only to find a forgotten abbey
    hiding a long-lost secret: the greatest treasure of the Azunite faith.

    Features:

    New abilities: Players will be able to attain mastery of the arcane
    through powerful new attack, defense and healing abilities.

    Level up to 35: Treasures of the Sun will further power up players by
    raising Dungeon Siege III's existing level cap from 30 to 35.

    More monsters and items: Players will encounter new monsters in the
    Aranoi Desertùincluding mummies and giant skeletonsùand will find more
    powerful items, adding to the thousands already available in Dungeon
    Siege III.

    Reallocate Talent & Proficiency Points: Players can reallocate points
    spent in Proficiencies and Talents, enabling changes to character
    customization throughout the campaign.

    New Enchanting System: Transmuting items now gives players chances at
    gaining powerful new Vials that allow them to enhance their weapons and
    armor through the DLC's new enchanting system.


       INSTALL NOTES


    1. Unpack the release
    2. Run Dungeon.Siege.III.Treasures.of.the.Sun.DLC.exe
    3. Install
    4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
    5. Play the game
    6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


       ADDITIONAL NOTES


    This DLC expansion has of course the latest update included!

    The language you choose during install, will be the language you will
    have ingame, both for main game and DLC.


       GREETINGS


    To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!