                                 Drive-in Double Feature #9

FEATURE #1

BETTER OFF DEAD                                                           http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088794/

Lane Meyer is a depressed teen who looses his girlfriend Beth. This is her reason for the split; "Lane, I think 

it'd be in my best interest if I dated somebody more popular. Better looking 

Drived a nicer car." Anyway, poor Lane is left alone and thinks up treacherous 

ways of killing himself. He finally meets a French beauty called Monique and falls 

for her. Simultaneously, he must endure his mothers terrible cooking which 

literally slides off the table, his disgusting next door neighbour Ricky (and his 

mum) and he must prepare for the skiing race of his life - to get his old 

girlfriend back! 


FEATURE #2

ONE CRAZY SUMMER                                                         http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091680/

With a name like Hoops McCann, he's bound to get that basketball scholarship after 

high school, right? Wrong! What Hoops really wants to do is write and illustrate a 

love story. To help him find his way, his friend George invites Hoops to come with 

him and his sister to spend the summer on Nantucket. The friends Crazy Summer 

begins when they pickup Cassandra on the way--she's being chased by a motorcycle 

gang. From here on in, it only gets crazier. Once on the island, Hoops and George, 

along with George's island friends the Stork twins and Ack-Ack (son of a marine), 

must help Cassandra save her grandfather's house from the greedy Beckersted 

Family. Along the way, Hoops must find a way to write his cartoon love story - and 

maybe a real one of his own. 




                                DOUBLE FEATURE FEATURES

                 You can just hit "PLAY ALL" to get the whole experience 
                              (trailers,adds,intermission) 

                    or go to "select title" to see what you want. 

                  Grab some popcorn, pizza and some drinks and make

                           sure that You have your 2 dollars 

                                      ENJOY THE SHOW!

