Artist: Tedeschi Trucks Band
Album: Revelator
Bitrate: 243kbps avg
Quality: EAC Secure Mode / LAME 3.98.4 / -V0 / 44.100Khz
Label: Sony Masterworks
Genre: Rock
Size: 112.14 megs
PlayTime: 1h 01min 23sec total
Rip Date: 2011-06-26
Store Date: 2011-06-07

Track List:
--------
01. Come See About Me                3:50
02. Don't Let Me Slide               5:04
03. Midnight In Harlem               5:53
04. Bound For Glory                  5:31
05. Simple Things                    4:46
06. Until You Remember               6:13
07. Ball And Chain                   3:57
08. These Walls                      6:02
09. Learn How To Love                4:25
10. Shrimp And Grits                 1:47
11. Love Has Something Else To Say   5:57
12. Shelter                          7:58

Release Notes:
--------
Revelator is the long-awaited, song-oriented debut album by the husband-wife
team of singer/guitarist Susan Tedeschi and guitarist Derek Trucks. Filled with
smoky, blues-dipped rockers and heart-stilling ballads that show off,
respectively, the gutsier and softer side of Tedeschi's vocal ability, plus a
series of emotive, story-telling solos shaped by Trucks's uncanny agility on
slide-guitar, Revelator also serves to introduce the couple s new, 11-piece
ensemble Tedeschi Trucks Band.

A dramatic leap forward for two of the music world's most dynamic performers,
Revelator is a confident yet unforced triumph offering a cohesive vision: an
idyllic, musical world in which the echoes of so many great traditions Delta
blues and Memphis soul, Sixties rock and Seventies funk organically flow
together, blending with an entirely original, modern sensibility.

In addition to the combined weight of Tedeschi and Trucks's equally renowned
abilities, Revelator benefits from an impressive circle of talent that the two
brought together. Trucks co-produced the album with multi-Grammy-winning
engineer Jim Scott, whose genre-bending credits include popular albums by the
Dixie Chicks, Johnny Cash, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Both Tedeschi and
Trucks co-wrote the album's twelve new songs with an impressive list of
experienced songwriters, including Jeff Trott, John Leventhal, David Ryan Harris
and Sonya Kitchell; Gary Louris and Oliver Wood of the Jayhawks and the Wood
Brothers, respectively; and old friends like guitarists Doyle Bramhall II and
Eric Krasno (of Soulive), and band members Mike Mattison, Kofi Burbridge and
Oteil Burbridge.

Most notably, Revelator features the newly formed Tedeschi Trucks Band, an
eleven-member ensemble overflowing with talent and musical familiarity. Brothers
Oteil Burbridge (noted for his years as bassist with the Allman Brothers Band)
and Kofi Burbridge (longtime keyboardist/flutist with The Derek Trucks Band)
have joined forces with a pair of drummers J. J. Johnson and Tyler Greenwell,
trumpeter Maurice Brown, tenor saxophonist Kebbi Williams, trombonist Saunders
Sermons, and harmony singers Mark Rivers and Mike Mattison. (Additionally, Ryan
Shaw and David Ryan Harris supplied harmony vocals to various tracks on the
album, and Alam Khan adds his masterful sarod playing to "These Walls".) The
fact that this aggregation includes so many musicians related by experience and
blood clearly adds to the notion of Revelator as a true group album, the product
of a musical family.
