 http://bayimg.com/jAIeGAadl

Mass Appeal (1984) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087688/

Mass Appeal is a two-character play by Bill C. Davis. The comedy-drama focuses on the conflict between a complacent Roman Catholic pastor and the idealistic young deacon who is assigned to his affluent, suburban parish.

The play originally was produced by the Manhattan Theatre Club. Directed by Geraldine Fitzgerald and starring Milo O'Shea as Tim Farley and Eric Roberts as Mark Dolson, it opened at the off-Broadway Stage 73 on April 22, 1980 and ran for 104 performances. Fitzgerald won the Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding New Director.

The Broadway production, again directed by Fitzgerald and starring O'Shea as Tim Farley and Michael O'Keefe as Mark Dolson, opened at the Booth Theatre on November 12, 1981 after 16 previews. It closed on May 16, 1982 after 212 performances.

The play premiered in the United Kingdom at the Lyric Hammersmith in London in 1982 with Gordon Jackson as Father Farley and Rupert Everett as Mark Dolson. It received its first British revival at the Finborough Theatre in London in 2006 with Kevin Colson and Brendan Patricks.

Mass Appeal is a 1984 American dramedy film starring Jack Lemmon, directed by Glenn Jordan. The screenplay by Bill C. Davis is based on his 1980 play of the same title.

  Jack Lemmon  ...  Father Tim Farley  
  Zeljko Ivanek  ...  Mark Dolson  
  Charles Durning  ...  Monsignor Thomas Burke  
  Louise Latham  ...  Margaret  
  Alice Hirson  ...  Mrs. Hart  
  Helene Heigh  ...  Mrs. Hart's mother  
  Sharee Gregory  ...  Marion Hart  
  James Ray  ...  Father De Nicola  
  Lois De Banzie  ...  Mrs. Dolson  
  Talia Balsam  ...  Liz Dolson  
  Jerry Hardin  ...  Mr. Dolson  

Janet Maslin of the New York Times compared the film to Educating Rita, although she found it to be "is less strident . . . and more prone to dry humor." She added, "The momentum of Mr. Davis's drama and the stars' intensity are enough to sustain interest, even when Glenn Jordan's television-style direction seems excessively bland. The casting of the two key roles works in the long run, but it initially seems a shade off. Father Farley, as written, is rather too self-satisfied and facile for the priesthood, qualities better emphasized in Milo O'Shea's stage performance than in Mr. Lemmon's on film, since the character's glibness comes too close to the actor's usual screen persona. And Mr. Ivanek, beginning on a note of intelligence and severity, later has moments of surprisingly callowness, even petulance. But the stars work together very effectively, making the story's progress believable as each of their characters evolves into a better man. Mass Appeal doesn't have to tug too hard at the audience's heartstrings to arrive at its simple and satisfying resolution." 

This deeply human and compelling film version of the hit Broadway religious comedy by Bill C. Davis stars Jack Lemmon, Zeljko Ivanek, Charles Durning, and Louise Latham. The drama has been adapted for the screen by the playwright. Glenn Jordan directs with Lawrence Turman and David Foster serving as producers.

Father Foley has fashioned a successful Catholic parish ministry through charm and pragmatism. He doesn't alienate his congregation, and they love him for it. One Sunday during a "dialogue" sermon, Mark Dolson, an idealistic seminarian, voices his opinion about women becoming priests. Father Foley later learns from Monsignor Burke, the head of the seminary, that Mark is well known for his forceful individuality. The young man's angry response to the expulsion of two classmates rumored to be homosexuals has already gotten him in deep trouble.

The easy going priest volunteers to take the outspoken young man under his wing. While respecting Mark's spunk, he tries to share with him the political realities of surviving in a parish. Mark ignores his advice and preaches a sermon which angers the congregation.

When the seminarian tells him about his attempts to find love with both men and women before entering the priesthood, Father Foley urges him to temper the truth about his past. In a very moving finale, both men reach out to each other, providing a glimpse of the tricky way in which our lives are graced by God.

