Herbie Hancock - Possibilities 

Original Release Date: 2005 
Audio CD: August 30, 2005 
Label: Vector Recordings 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Possibilities, by jazz piano/keyboard legend Herbie Hancock, with songs by Stevie Wonder, Paul Simon, and Leon Russell, is a multigenerational masterpiece. Rock's "it boy" John Mayer leads off the CD with the spare, bouncy opener, "Stitched Up."  Brit-born soul girl Joss Stone and bluesman Jonny Lang get down on the gutbucket "When Love Comes to Town." Christina Aguilera’s excellent vocals illuminate "A Song for You." Not to be outdone, Annie Lennox delivers an operatic take on Holly Cole’s "Hush, Hush, Hush," while Sting's "Sister Moon" swings with stealthy syncopations. Santana and the Beninese singer Angelique Kidjo provide the world flavor on "Safiotou," and the dreamy "Gelo No Montana," with ex-Phish guitarist Trey Anastasio, is the lone instrumental. Hancock’s tight solos and intelligent orchestral synths radiate all of the tracks. Like Frank Sinatra’s Duets and Ray Charles’s Genius Loves Company, possibilities introduces Hancock to a new and awestruck generation.  ~ Eugene Holley, Jr. - Amazon.com

I had read about this CD long before it was released and was excited to see Herbie Hancock would be collaborating with quite a few of my favourites; Stevie Wonder, Joss Stone, Santana, John Mayer, Annie Lennox and Sting to name a few. Comprising mostly covers with a couple of co-writes by Hancock, and the talents of the featured guests, however, I must confess, there was also the slight nagging fear that it might turn out to be some glossy, over produced commercial pop shlock. 

One listen tells you this isn't so. Classy production, the vocal or instrumental skills of the guests which do not detract from, or overshadow the excellent piano playing of the man himself, make for a beautiful musical experience. 

My favourites have got to be the lush, drawn out jazzy, totally transformed performance of `I just called to say I love you' featuring Raul Midón on vocals and Stevie Wonder on Harmonica on the last minute and a half of the song, and a beautifully melancholic piano sprinkled version of Billie Holliday's `Don't explain' featuring Damien Rice and Lisa Hannigan (what a voice she has and excellent phrasing) on dreamy vocals, a beautiful weeping cello solo, and almost-not-there shuffling percussion. My absolute favourite! 

`Gelo na montanha' is a Hancock co-composition, a beautiful instrumental number with guitar (and Ooo vocals) from Trey Anastasio (formerly of Phish). Opening track is the Hancock/Mayer composition `Stitched up' featuring John Mayer on guitar and vocals, sounding a wee bit like a piano laden Sting number. 'When Love Comes To Town' featuring Jonny Lang and Joss Stone is a blues-y take on the U2 song. 

Other standouts include `A song for you' featuring the fiery vocals of Christina Aguilera (she should sing more stuff like this), `I do it for you' featuring the delicate vocals of Paul Simon, `Sister moon' featuring Sting, `Hush, hush, hush' featuring Annie Lennox, and the latin tinged percussion rich `Safiatou' featuring Santana on guitar and African singer Angélique Kidjo on vocals (and which wouldn't sound out of place on a Santana CD). 

Great liner notes tell us a bit of Hancock's musical feats and influences, as well as the inspiration behind, and recording of the tracks. 

Brilliant!!! ~ Nse Ette - Possibilities (Audio CD)

Herbie Hancock - Possibilities Tracks:        
01  Stitched Up feat. John Mayer    5:25   
02  Safiatou feat. Santana and Angelique Kidjo    5:22   
03  A Song For You feat. Christina Aguilera    7:04   
04  I Do It For Your Love feat. Paul Simon    5:56   
05  Hush, Hush, Hush feat. Annie Lennox    4:43       
06  Sister Moon featuring Sting    6:51   
07  When Love Comes To Town feat. Jonny Lang and Joss Stone    8:40       
08  Don't Explain feat. Damien Rice and Lisa Hannigan    4:51   
09  I Just Called To Say I Love You feat. Raul Midón    5:24   
10  Gelo Na Montanha feat. Trey Anastasio    3:46