For nearly two decades he strode the world stage like a colossus -- loved and despised, venerated and feared. From his birth on the rugged island of Corsica to his final exile on the godforsaken island of St. Helena, NAPOLEON brings this extraordinary figure to life.

NAPOLEON bears passionate witness to a man whose charisma swayed an empire and sparked his exalted belief in his own destiny. He is a figure riddled with contradictions that are the essence of his glory and undoing: his youthful enthusiasm for the ideals of the French Revolution did not prevent him from crowning himself Emperor. His passionate love of Josephine did not prevent him from divorcing her to marry the eighteen year Archduchess of Austria. His military genius did not save him from the disastrous invasion of Russia. His love of France was so compromised by his notions of personal glory that he repeatedly plunged his beloved country into war.Framed by the grand sweep of history, woven from intimate accounts of and by the man himself. NAPOLEON is a tale as grand as any novel, a story of passion, vaunting ambition and pride ending in exile and loss.

Written and Directed by David Grubin
Narrated by David McCullough
Producers David Grubin and Alyson Luchak

Produced by David Grubin Productions in association with PBS Docstar and Devillier Donegan Enterprises (2000)


Episode 3 : Summit of Greatness

Episode III witnesses Napoleon conquer most of Europe in a series of brilliant triumphs, including his legendary victory at the Battle of Austerlitz. To sustain his rule, he must keep fighting. But when he invades Spain, he has begun to reach too far.


Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1836 kbps
Video Resolution: 720x432
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.667:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 224kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 55:06.536
Number Of Parts: 5
Part Size: 854,847,488 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08