
E X T R A O R D i N A R Y  r E V E R S E  E N G i N E E R i N G  S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0SiLK

Reaching for
perfection...

Release Information

-Release Name    : Angry Birds
-Release Version : v1.5.2
-Release Group  : ErES
-Release Type    : Cracked
-Operating System: Windows
-Release Date    : 09/06/11
-Filename        : ab152
-Disk(s)        : 09 disk(s)

Release Description

The survival of the Angry Birds is at stake. Dish out revenge
on the green pigs who stole the Birds' eggs. Use the unique
powers of the Angry Birds to lay waste to the pigs'
confounding constructions. Angry Birds features challenging,
physics-based demolition gameplay with hours and hours of
replay value. Each of the 240 levels requires logic, skill,
and brute force to crush the enemy.

Installation Instructions

Install
Copy cracked exe to install directory
Register with any key
Have fun

If you like this game, buy it :)

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over two and a half
years since ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've
produced many quality releases because of our attitude not only as a
group -- but as individuals each member of the group has shown
respect and friendship and in return offers loyalty that could only be
found when part of a tight-knit family. We are not a release
machine and never intend to be. We have a relaxed, yet hard-working
attitude towards producing releases and you can see this through all
of our current (and future) releases.

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems
Skilled coders
Quality suppliers
Good 100Mbit EU & Asia Sites to affil with
Anything else you think we might like

e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0SiLK    updated:............16.04.2010