-------------George R. R. Martin Audio Collection-------------
George R. R. Martin’s incredible imagination has created possibly the most detailed and believable fantasy world in modern literature.  A new HBO series has further increased interest in these great novels.  Unfortunately, many of the audio versions of Martin’s wonderful A Song of Ice and Fire series that have been released in torrents are incomplete, badly ripped, and generally of low quality.  I have thus reripped everything I could get a hold of and thus present the most complete Martin audio collection ever assembled.   I have processed all these UNABRIDGED books in the following ways:

1. Most of these were ripped BY ME.   All my rips are from high quality CDs.  As stated above, I decided to rerip all of the Roy Dotrice/John Lee versions myself  as most of the versions that have been offered in older torrents have severe problems.  These new versions should be perfect without any deletions, skips, pops, fuzz-outs, or tape hiss.  :)

2. FULLY CHAPTERIZED. This took weeks. Each audio book was compiled into a single file (deleting bits like "Disc 2, please insert Disc 3") and then separated into Parts and Chapters as defined by the original books. I find this to be the best way to enjoy audiobooks and it is perfect for iPods.

3. Encoded all books to a uniform MP3 96kbps 44.1kHz.

4. ID3 Tagged. All audiobook files have been fully ID3 tagged including full COVER ART.

Martin has written so many short stories and worked on so many projects that a complete audio bibliography would be impossible.  HOWEVER, I have compiled here, I believe, a complete collection of his works that exist on audio.  In addition to the 5 reripped A Song of Ice and Fire versions are 3 alternate recordings from that series as well as the complete Tales of Dunk and Egg series which takes place in the same world.  I have also managed to find two recordings of Martin’s double-volume anthology of short stories and novellas, Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective.  Altogether I believe this to be the most exhaustively complete audio collection of George R. R. Martin’s work offered to date.

Please leave any comments, questions, or suggestions you might have as they are HIGHLY APPRECIATED! :)

Enjoy!
--CL8


-------------Included in this torrent-------------
Novels:
1996 - A Song of Ice and Fire 1 - A Game of Thrones (read by Roy Avers)
1996 - A Song of Ice and Fire 1 - A Game of Thrones (read by Roy Dotrice) [also ripped by me]
1998 - A Song of Ice and Fire 2 - A Clash of Kings (read by Roy Dotrice) [also ripped by me]
2000 - A Song of Ice and Fire 3 - A Storm of Swords (read by Roy Avers)
2000 - A Song of Ice and Fire 3 - A Storm of Swords (read by Roy Dotrice) [also ripped by me]
2005 - A Song of Ice and Fire 4 - A Feast for Crows (read by John Lee) [also ripped by me]
2005 - A Song of Ice and Fire 4 - A Feast for Crows (read by Ted Stoddard)
2011 - A Song of Ice and Fire 5 - A Dance With Dragons (read by Roy Dotrice) [also ripped by me]

Short Stories and Novellas:
1980 - The Ice Dragon (read by Maggi-Meg Reed)
1998 - Tales of Dunk and Egg 1 - The Hedge Knight (read by Frank Muller)
2003 - Tales of Dunk and Egg 2 - The Sworn Sword (read by Graham Malcolm)
2007 - Dreamsongs (32 stories - various narrators) [also ripped by me]
2007 - Dreamsongs (34 stories - read by Eric Sandvold)
2010 - Tales of Dunk and Egg 3 - The Mystery Knight (read by Patrick Lawlor)

plus a huge set of Martin eBooks
AND a great collection of Maps


Enjoy and Seed!!