Overview:

CleanMyPC Registry Cleaner will scan the Windows registry and find incorrect or obsolete information in the system registry. 

By fixing these obsolete information in Windows registry, your system will run faster and error free. The backup/restore function of the tool let you backup your whole Windows Registry so you can use it to restore the registry to the current status in case you encounter some system failure. 

CleanMyPC checks the integrity of every section of your Windows registry, from application path keys and Windows font keys, to ActiveX keys and shared DLL keys. CleanMyPC Registry Cleaner fixes all of these problems, and makes your computer faster and more stable.

CleanMyPC Registry Cleaner defragments the registry after it removes unnecessary data, allowing your computer to run faster, and enhancing its stability.

Besides above, the startup and BHO organizer feature let you manage your startup and IE BHO items with ease, and you can control the programs started with Windows and IE more handy with this feature! 

Overall, this software will help you get rid of the bloat in Windows registry, thus achieving a cleaner, faster system.

The privacy eraser feature let you protects your online privacy. Windows keeps track of your web browser's URL history, cookies, cache files, typed URLs, autocomplete list, and saved user names and passwords.

CleanMyPC erases this information, and keep other family members or business colleagues from examining your Internet activities. 

Whether you're a business person who wants to keep your computer stable and brisk, a home user who needs to be able to restore your computer after your kids load a computer game that causes crashes, or a student who wants to keep other kids from discovering what Internet resources have been accessed, CleanMyPC Registry Cleaner has the tools that you need.

Installation Instructions:

1. Install The Software.
2. Register With Given Serial.
3. Done. Enjoy!!

By DwzRG