Max Keylogger 3.5.8


Max keylogger is an all in one keystroke logger & monitoring Software. it is a complete PC surveillance software package, designed to keep track of all keystrokes. In addition to its primary key capture function it performs as a full-fledged computer monitoring Software: This unique software allows remote computer monitoring and keylogger recording in real time such as logs any password and makes screenshots, tracks Internet sessions etc.

Max keylogger is easy to operate due to its intuitive interface. All things are clear to an end-user. Invisibility is not only one feature, but also keylogging event remains are usually undetected. Max Keylogger solution is the best choice for those do not want to struggle with PC configuration issues and required comprehensive monitoring reports.

Max keylogger is the software you can use when you want to:

1. Monitor Different Kinds of Evernts

when we use a keylogger, the main point that we expect from it is capturing every event of our PCs. This max keylogger can help us not only tracking every online activities,(from instant message conversations to e-mail sendings and receivings.PS: these e-mail sendings and receivings include those wed based ones ) but also monitor every keystrokes, even a click of a mouse.Meanwhile, you can use our Max keylogger to get passwords, clear sended applications, and even get a picture of the screen.

In one word, our Max keylogger is the software which can meet all your needs for supervising without confusing you with some superabundant functionalities.

2. Track the Events Privately

Our Max keylogger can not be noticed even by those professional PC users. No tracks leaving in the system, incompatibilities with all most all anti-viruses, anti –keyloggers and even the firewalls. Only those who understands the symbols combined secretly can open the window of this Max keylogger.

3. User-Friendly

You may think that all most all these keylogging softwares are tough to understand because of the poorly organized datas you have got as a report. Yes, all most all, but not our Max keylogger. With just one glance you will understand the information you got from our software.
 
http://www.maxkeylogger.com/features.php

