S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Dead Rising 2: Off The Record (c) Capcom

10-10-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection................G4WL
Action...............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Dead Rising 2: Off the Record sees Frank West - photojournalist and
original hero of the Dead Rising Willamette incident - take center
stage as players experience a reimagining of the Fortune City outbreak.
Forget what you know about Dead Rising 2, "Frank West is back in the
game!"

The new "Off the Record" storyline means an all new Dead Rising 2
experience. Frank will face off against more twisted enemies, build
more outrageous combo weapons, follow his own unique mission structure
and explore brand new areas of Fortune City to get his biggest scoop
yet. Join Frank as he indulges in the insanity of "Uranus Zone",
Fortune City's very own theme park. Full of deadly rides and crazy
attractions, the sci-fi themed Uranus Zone is a true zombie-killing
paradise.

Frank's come-back means the return of his trusty camera, with players
able to earn Prestige Points (PP) for specific photo opportunities that
are graded against criteria such as horror, drama, erotica and
brutality.

In addition to the new scenario and gameplay enhancements, Dead Rising
2: Off the Record offers a suite of technical updates including load
time optimizations, improved network performance and a host of system
upgrades to deliver a more satisfying Dead Rising experience.

Features

Frank West is back - The original Dead Rising hero returns to get the
scoop on the Fortune City outbreak

Fortune City but not as you know it Experience a re-interpretation of
the Fortune City outbreak through the eyes and camera of
photojournalist Frank West:

New story and missions unique to Frank West

New environments including Fortune City's latest attraction, "Uranus
Zone"

New enemies and more psychotic Psychos

New crazy and hilarious combo-weapons

New items and vehicles

Say "Cheese!" - Capture those classic, violent, scary and hilarious
Dead Rising moments, earn Prestige Points and complete all new missions
with Frank's new and improved camera feature.

Upgraded Experience - Full of technical improvements, system
enhancements and feature upgrades to create a faster, smoother, more
satisfying Dead Rising.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install using serial: xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxxx
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!