condem-schizoid-C78
brings you
keyscrambler premium_2.7.1.0_ & ZWT keygenerater

How KeyScrambler works

Using advanced encryption algorithms, KeyScrambler encrypts your keystrokes deep in the kernel, as soon as they enter the computer.

When the encrypted keystrokes finally arrive at the intended application, the decryption component of KeyScrambler goes to work, and you see exactly the keys you've typed.

This way, as your keystrokes go through the different layers of the operating system, it doesn't matter if they get logged, or whether the keyloggers are known or brand new, because your keystrokes are completely indecipherable the whole time.

The Crucial Path
When you type on a keyboard, your keystrokes travel along a path within the operating system to reach your destination application. Many places along this path, there are ways to intercept the keystroke data, which is why keystroke logging (keylogging) is such a thorny problem.


What is a keylogger
Keyloggers are malware planted by cyber criminals along this crucial path to observe and record your keystrokes. The stolen information can be used to steal your money from your bank accounts, open credit card accounts in your name, or assume your identity in other criminal pursuits.

How the traditional method works
Traditional anti-virus and anti-spyware programs are ineffective in dealing with new keylogging attacks. They typically depend on recognizing the signature of a malware in order to remove it, and too often they act only after the user's information is already stolen. They also tend to burden users with constant updates.

just a quick word on some Anti Virus software, you might have to disble it to be able to use the keygen, it does work and is not dodgy, its the fact that the keygen alters the program to the full premium activated product, if you dont like the idea of this then id say just delete it and try to find one somewhere else,
the setup exe ive downloaded personally from there site today=15 febuary @-13:01 hours,

its up to you guys,
all i can say is that it does work and top respects to TEAM-Z.W.T. They are the ones that own all rights to this keygenerator it is not nor is anything to do with C78-schizoid or any of our group, and TOP RESPECT and mention MUST BE SAID TO TEAM-Z.W.T. Thanx to you guys and your team for great keygen

personal note on this,

ive uploaded this as ive tryed on a few occasions to be able to get this and failed due to no-one seeding so thought why not the tools are in my hands so why not share them with you guys,
hope that you all like and please as ive stated before there were no seeds so lets all pullin and seed this so more people can get this program, its truly awsome
thankx

schizoid-C78

also heres a link to a good uploader should you need to get a winzip product to unzip keygen 100% safe and clean
WinZip PRO FINAL v15.0 + Serials [ChattChitto RG]
^^^^^^go to 1337xorg and copy&paste the above link^^^^^ into there search browser and pick the 1 by ChattChitto

thankx and remember to seed guys
schizoid-C78