TSV Productions

All episodes from all seasons + extras. All files are HD and taken from DVD's. The video and audio are perfect. This is the most complete collection on the internet and the highest quality. Please seed for as long as possible.


Lost is an American television series created by Jeffrey Lieber, J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof, which originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010. The series follows the lives of various individuals and groups of people, most importantly the survivors of the crash of a commercial passenger jet flying between Sydney and Los Angeles, on a mysterious tropical island somewhere in the South Pacific. Episodes typically feature a primary storyline on the island, as well as a secondary storyline from another point in a character's life.

Lost was produced by ABC Studios, Bad Robot Productions and Grass Skirt Productions. Throughout its run, the executive producers of the series were Lindelof, Abrams, Bryan Burk, Carlton Cuse, Jack Bender, Edward Kitsis, Adam Horowitz, and Elizabeth Sarnoff, with Lindelof and Cuse serving as showrunners. Jean Higgins started as a producer on the first season, continuing through the entire series to end as an executive producer. Due to its large ensemble cast and the cost of filming primarily on location in Oahu, Hawaii, the series was one of the most expensive on television. During its run, the series utilized online alternative reality games (like The Lost Experience and Find 815), and references to the series appear in print, film, other television programs as well as Web media.

A critically acclaimed and popular success, Lost was consistently ranked by US critics on their lists of top fives series of the year. The first season garnered an average of 15.69 million US viewers per episode on ABC. During its sixth and final season, the show averaged over 11 million US viewers per episode. Lost was the recipient of hundreds of US award nominations throughout its run, and won numerous industry awards, including the Emmy Award for US primetime Outstanding Drama Series in 2005, Best American Import at the British Academy Television Awards in 2005, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association Golden Globe for Best Drama in 2006 and a US Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Ensemble in a Drama Series.

The first season begins with a plane crash that strands the surviving passengers of Oceanic Flight 815 on what seems to be a deserted tropical island, forcing the group of strangers to work together to stay alive. Their survival is immediately threatened by a number of mysterious entities, including polar bears, an unseen creature that roams the jungle (the "Monster"), and the island's malevolent, and largely unseen, inhabitants, known as "The Others." They also encounter a Frenchwoman named Danielle Rousseau who was shipwrecked on the island over 16 years earlier, and find a mysterious metal hatch buried in the ground. While one group tries to force their way into the hatch, another attempts to leave the island on a raft that they have constructed. Meanwhile, flashbacks centered on individual survivors detail their lives prior to the plane crash.

The second season follows the growing conflict between the survivors and the Others, and continues the theme of the clash between faith and science, while resolving old mysteries and posing new ones. New characters are introduced, including the tail-section survivors (the "Tailies") and other island inhabitants. The hatch is revealed to be a research station built by the Dharma Initiative, a scientific organization that was conducting experiments on the island decades earlier. As the truth about the mysterious Others begins to unfold, one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways, and the cause of the plane crash is revealed.

In the third season, the crash survivors learn more about the Others and their long history on the mysterious island. One of the Others and a former inhabitant of the hatch join the survivors, while one of their number in turn defects to the Others. A war between the Others and the survivors comes to a head, and the survivors make contact with a rescue team aboard the freighter Kahana.

The fourth season focuses on the survivors dealing with the arrival of people from the freighter, who have come to the island with dangerous intentions. Flashforwards reveal the future actions of the Oceanic Six, a group of survivors who have escaped the island and attempted to resume their normal lives.

The fifth season follows two timelines. The first takes place on the island where the survivors who were left behind erratically jump forward and backward through time until they are finally stranded with the Dharma Initiative in 1974. The second continues the original timeline, which takes place on the mainland after the Oceanic Six escape, and then follows their return to the island on Ajira Airways Flight 316 in 2007. After three years living with the Dharma Initiative, the survivors stuck in 1977 attempt to change past events in order to alter their futures.

In the sixth season, the main storyline follows the survivors, reunited in the present day. Following the demise of Jacob, the island's protector, the survivors are up against the Man in Black, known previously as the Smoke Monster. A "flash-sideways" narrative also follows the lives of the main characters in a setting where Flight 815 never crashed. In the final episodes, a flashback to the distant past shows the origins of the island's power and of the conflict between Jacob and the Man in Black, who are revealed to be twin brothers. One survivor becomes the successor to Jacob as caretaker of the island, and kills the Man in Black in a final showdown, with the island at stake. A small handful of survivors escape on the Ajira plane. It is implied that a few survivors return home later, and others live happily on the island. The series finale reveals that the flash-sideways timeline was actually a form of limbo, where all the survivors were reunited after having died because their time on the island had been the most important part of their existence.
