Latino Fan Club pumps out a sequel to The Secret of Cell Block 6 that's very pump-worthy on its own. After a bit of exposition catching us up from where the first left off (including M. Vic Mann as Warden Wankoff, once again bumbling his lines into a phone) we launch straight into the good stuff.

Cutie Mike (pierced right nip, ripped abs, amazing smile) comes into the cell of Domino (broken English, smooth gym bod, great dimples) who's jacking off to girl pin-up pics in his cell. Mike is ready to release Domino from jail as long as he gets a good release himself. Mike worships Domino's dark brown meat - eyes closed, too, yum - with great flair. Camera work shows off Domino's nice buttcheeks from below, and Mike gently tongues Domino's sack.

Mike does most of the work here - Domino reeks of trade - and there's very little in the way of background noise to ruin anything. No music, no prison sounds, no electric chairs going off, just nice suck noise. Domino slaps on a condom and lays back on his prison bunk as Mike climbs aboard for a ride - keeping his fingerless gloves on the whole time, too. Apparently it's easier for Domino if Mike spins around and faces the opposite direction (so Domino thinks it's a chick, maybe?), so Mike climbs down off the bunk and Domino gets him from behind. After a side saddle, Domino whacks his meat into Mike's face, and then Mike stands up and blasts one, too. Me gusta!

The Warden is next seen reading a letter from Chulo, a "fashion photographer" whose fantasy is to shoot pics of several hot prisoners. Warden chooses from among a portfolio of pics, settling on Nighthawk (tatted, thugged out, slim), Scarface (also thugged out, hairy ass and stomach), and Mike Brown (smooth, the most gym-built of the three). Warden even takes a swipe at O.J. Simpson. The three guys are shown in a photo studio (some prison, huh?) getting direction from Chulo. Watching straight porn, the three dudes start getting their pieces hard, ready for their close ups. Chulo drops to his knees and starts working over the three thugs's big meat and balls, proving to be quite the cocksucker. (Hold the shanking!)

Wanting some of his own, Mike drops down and gulps on cock, too - side-by-side with Chulo. This goes on for a bit before we get to the fucking, and fans of super hairy asses will be in heaven, as the camera captures some especially tasty shots of Scarface's stringed-up hole and legs as he thrusts. Eventually, both Scarface and Nighthawk stand over Chulo and Mike, pump their mega-foreskinned sticks, and drop piping hot creamy loads all over the other two bitches' faces. Chulo pops his load, and then we get a close up of Mike's huge-ass cock dump its junk. I came right along with 'em all, too.

We next see Swift (who is either stoned out of his mind or is allergic to light - open your eyes, dude!) as a prison medic on his mobile talking to someone about "checking out" the new inmate who just arrived. It's Domino, and Swift needs to check him for "erectile dysfunction" - making sure his penis works ok. The infirmary soon turns into a whorehouse, as Swift makes swift work of Domino's prison garb and grabs his jewels. In a sequence that would cause most docs to lose their medical license, Swift lamely pulls the old "turn your head and cough" routine before probing closer with his throat. While the oral work here ain't all that great, the camerawork captures it nicely, and soon Swift finds himself getting Domino's pipe up the shitter. The fucking doesn't last too long, but soon Domino pops his nut and Swift follows suit.

Sorry to say, but the best part of this scene for me was the piped in "prison" soundtrack that played in the background, replete with clanking cell doors, guards shouting, etc. (Truthfully, a shiv to the gut would've been more fun.)

The one I really wanted to see is in fact next, and he doesn't disappoint. Cover model Macana Man (one of the year's stupidest porn names if you ask me) appears as a correctional officer in full uniform, waiting for the doctor. He finds a straight porn mag in the examining room (what - no Newsweek?) and unbuttons his top, exposing a smooth and ripped torso. I started rubbing myself too, since I knew what was coming. After a while he was down to his briefs, and then soon exposed the tastiest and biggest papi-cock since I first laid eyes on Tiger Tyson (who Macana is built a bit like, in fact). Breathe!

Whammo! His piece is truly huge, smooth, foreskinned for days, stalks over a set of heavy low-hangers... and nearly made me pass out! I ain't lying - it looks like a third leg. He knows how to work the camera and his thick one (although the cameraman needs to be slapped for showing off his dirty feet), and ends up popping off a nice load. And wait until you see him hopping off the table, smartly shot in slo-motion (thank you Brian Brennan!) as I thought for sure he was going to poke one of his eyes out. The day he does hardcore is the day no other man matters to me. Shame about that name...

I have no idea what the last scene - which is nicely shot in an apartment somewhere - has to do with the story, but it's a really good one. Adorable Mike and thuggish cutie Bori are on a sofa, starting to get busy. Mike starts off rubbing Bori's crotch through his jeans, getting him hard. Mike expertly slides off Bori's denims to reveal a pair of mesh short which has a pair of boxers underneath. I guess Bori wants his bitch to work for it, and Mike knows just how to, getting Bori fully hard through the shorts and the boxers, even giving us some really nice full-tent shots as Mike expertly mouths the prize through the fabric. (OMG I'm getting hard again just thinking about it!)

After some really nice but not rough oral, the boys decide to fuck. The editing here is a bit off, but it actually made the scene work (and work me ovah) even more. Up to this point Bori has been slouched back on the sofa, watching TV as Mike works him over. But Bori soon wants Mike's hole (who wouldn't?) and we get to see him put on a condom (was very erotic), and take his position standing up. The edits remove a few things (the lube, the shift in positions, etc.) but it somehow works. Bori has some trouble getting into Mike's hole, but we get to see his gentle prods and probes, looking for just the right way to get his prize home. Mike arches his back oh so lovely, and eventually Bori starts boring in. Short and gentle strokes soon give way to a wicked from-behind pounding, and Mike takes it well. The boyz talk every now and then (Bori speaks in a totally hot, low whisper), but it was tad hard to hear. Plus, I was too focused on the slick 'n gooey sounds of the lubed up condom swiping Mike's hole to care. Mike rides it perfectly, popping his pinga while being slammed, and soon Bori dumps his hot junk on Mike's trunk.

I'll pose the question again: What does this smokin' last pairing have to do with the rest of the flick? In a nutshell... nothing, absolutely nothing. Ask me if I give a shit! The movie ends on a high note, and I got off a total of three times throughout. I gotta say I was more than happy, and will probably resort to my own one-handed Criminal Behavior many more times with this one.


Latino Fan Club is still clearly on their game, continuing to crank out the fierceness. And let it be known: The day T-rex hung cover model Macana Man does hardcore is the day I lose all self-control!

Seed & Enjoy!