New York, NY - On August 13th, Tomato Records will release Elvis Presley/Roots Revolution: The Louisiana Hayride Recordings, a 16-track edition of the historic Elvis Presley "live" radio performances from 1954, 1955 and 1956 on the fabled KWKH radio program "The Louisiana Hayride." Undergoing a complete sonic restoration using state of the art digital technology, the original recordings which previously suffered from inferior sound quality, have been brought back to life allowing the magic of a 19-year old Elvis Presley to shine through. Commemorating the 25th Anniversary of Elvis' death, Roots Revolution: The Louisiana Hayride Recordings is a testament to the enduring impact Presley and his music have had on the world.

"We're still trying to catch up with Elvis Presley after 50 years. These recordings began the sea change that was to follow, the great moment when the flood gates were opened-the innocent, raw, profoundly unique Elvis Presley like we would never hear him again. Anyone who ever picked up a guitar after is still having a conversation with what Elvis started, whether they know it or not. This is as close as you get to the Genesis in terms of what was to follow in popular culture-musically, sexually and racially-for the rest of time," states Tomato Records' Kevin Eggers.

Originally released in 1982 on Eggers' The Music Works record label as two separate albums: Elvis: The First Live Recordings and The Hillbilly Cat, the releases were plagued by badly distorted fidelity due to the limited technology of live radio broadcast recordings in the mid-50s, as well as, tape degradation over the years to follow. While serving the purpose of documenting Presley's performances at the Louisiana Hayride, the sound quality never allowed for the Hayride recordings to be more than collector's items, satisfying fans curiosity as to how the "live" Elvis sounded at the beginning his career. For Roots Revolution, however, Eggers and Tomato have gone to great lengths to digitally restore the performances for the best possible repeated listening experience. Eggers states: "We attempted to recreate The Blue Moon Boys, Scotty, Bill and D.J., as Elvis would have heard them on the bandstand."

Using new musicians to help restore the bass and acoustic guitar parts, which were all but lost to hiss and crackle on the existing tapes, Elvis' vocals and Scotty Moore's guitar was able to be increased within the mix, highlighting the dynamic interplay between the two. Bass player Paul Nowinski, who's recorded with the likes of Keith Richards, Rickie Lee Jones, Les Paul and New York Voices rebuilt Bill Black's parts, while Jon Paris, previously a member of bands including those of Bo Diddley, Robert Gordon, Link Wray, Johnny Winter and Johnnie Johnson, helped to refurbish Presley's rhythm guitar. Top session drummer Steven Wolf was brought in on "Hound Dog," the lone track with drums to strengthen the presence of D.J. Fontana. Eggers and company were careful to only restore the already existing parts performed by Elvis and his band. There were no new arrangements, additional instruments or extra musical sections added. In addition, authentic period instruments were used including gut strings on the upright bass and '50s ribbon microphones.

"We approached this much like that of restoring a master painting. Our intent was to bring out the original colors and energy of the music being created. Great care was taken to make sure the musical enhancements were 100 percent faithful to the original parts played by Elvis, Scotty, Bill and D.J.," states Eggers.

The end results are nothing short of magical, as Elvis' voice cuts through crystal clear whooping, stuttering and roaring through utterly groundbreaking performances of "That's All Right, Mama (included here with both the restrained '54 debut version, and the rambunctious, freewheeling '55 version made 8 months later after Elvis had already hit the top of the charts), "Baby, Let's Play House," "Blue Moon of Kentucky," "Maybellene" and "Tweedle Dee." Also present are many of the classic introductions by hosts Horace Logan and Frank Page, including the infamous "Elvis Has Now Left the Building" announcement.

Roots Revolution: The Louisiana Hayride Recordings features a gorgeous 20-page booklet designed by renowned graphic designer Milton Glaser, including rare black and white photos by longtime Elvis Presley photographer Alfred Wertheimer; liner notes telling of Elvis' first appearance on the Louisiana Hayride by noted Memphis music journalist Andria Lisle; detailed track information and complete restoration notes.

It's been almost 50 years since a 19-year old kid from Tupelo, Mississippi wearing a pink blazer, black shirt, white pants and two-toned loafers, appeared at the Louisiana Hayride slamming together America's most indigenous styles of music-R&B, Country, Blues, Gospel and Swing-dropping his very own rockabilly style on an unsuspecting nation. It truly was a roots revolution. Music would never be the same, and some might argue that it would never be better.

elvis presley-Good Rockin' Tonight: Original Hayride Recordings January 1955]

1. That's Alright Mama
2. Blue Moon Of Kentucky
3. Heartbreak Hotel
4. Long Tall Sally
5. I Was The One
6. Money Honey
7. I Got A Woman
8. Blue Suede Shoes
9. Hound Dog
10. Baby Let's Play House
11. Maybellene
12. There's Good Rockin' Tonight
13. Tweedle Dee Tweedle Dum
14. Interview
