With RPG Maker VX you can create games with a resolution of 544x416, 32bit colours with a smooth, steady framerate of 60 fps. The ability to have characters run is now included as a standard function and the in-game default font has been changed from previous versions for easier reading.

We’re introducing a wide new selection of graphics including maps of Japanese castles, civil war military commanders and supernatural monsters, along with Shinto priests and samurai. Compatible with the full version of RPG Maker VX, these new graphics will add an authentic Japanese flavour to the worlds available in RPG Maker VX.

The most attractive features of this new graphic material are the additional monsters. We’ve replaced the standard slime and dragon monsters with civil war military commanders, ninjas, demons and head spinning ghosts to provide you with a set of authentically Japanese characters.

There are over 200 new maps, monsters, main characters and face graphics to choose from in this new collection. Everything you need to create an authentic historical Japanese adventure is ready for you. This addition is perfect for those of you who already own a copy of RPG Maker and want to do more with additional themes and graphics.

Read more: http://www.rpgmakerweb.com/product/material/samurai#ixzz1RfrOs3os



I created portable versions of the RMVX editor for those who want to use it on a computer that may not have it installed.  I compiled the editors, RTPs, libraries, and all necessary registry values into single executables.  They have no need for an install, and writes no data to the registry, since everything runs its own little sandbox.

The applications are trial versions, so you will need to insert the registration key generated by the included key generator.

Instructions
Simply click and run. There is no install, so it can be run from a USB device, or from wherever you like. If the PC does not have a file association set to the project file, you can either run the program and open it from that, or set the association to this application.

Known Bugs
I have found that it sometimes generates an error on starting the application on 64-bit versions of Windows 7.  I haven't found a fix for this other than to continue to try and start it, which I have found after enough times, will start.  Other versions of Windows I have tested work fine.

