This torrent includes a DOSBOX installer as dos is needed to run the games. The included one is for windows, if you are running anything else (such as apple mac) please visit http://www.dosbox.com/download.php?main=1 to download a dosbox installer. Please remember to use the dosbox program to open the games\\\' executable (run) files. 

The games are freeware and I got them from http://www.myabandonware.com/game/.
There are 7 games: 
Jill of the Jungle (the complete trilogy), 
Designasaurus II, 
Duke Nukem II, 
Hocus Pocus, 
Caesar II, 
Cosmo\\\'s Cosmic Adventure: Forbidden Planet 
and Excelsior Phase One: Lysandia.

The descriptions are as follows:


Description of Duke Nukem II
1993 saw the release of Duke Nukem II (also known as Duke Nukum II, Duke Nukem 2) on the DOS system. A action game, created by Apogee Software, Ltd. and distributed by Apogee Software, Ltd.. If you like , download, install and enjoy Duke Nukem II (also known as Duke Nukum II, Duke Nukem 2)! Violence only involves characters disappearing.

Description of Hocus Pocus
Offering action in a world of , Hocus Pocus is an abandonware developed by Moonlite Software and published by Apogee Software, Ltd.. Released in 1994, you wander around in a 3rd-person, platform, side-scrolling perspective. Violence only involves characters disappearing.

Description of Caesar II
In 1995, Sierra On-Line, Inc. publishes Caesar II, a managerial game for the DOS system. Offering strategy genre, it is a construction style game. 

Description of Designasaurus II
Published in 1990 by Britannica Software, enjoy a action, adventure, educational game with real-time, sci-fi / futuristic theme! One of the best and most original edutainment titles ever made, Designasaurus II is the superior sequel to Britannica\\\'s Designasaurus, the unique \\\"dinosaur sim\\\" for the Commodore 64. Forget modern dinosaur games -- Designasaurus II lets you BE one instead of just learning about these animals. Your job is to first create a dinosaur, then guide it through the five ecozones to avoid extinction. The game actually starts out with a plot: the Foundation needs your help to send a dinosaur, created by you, back in time to find the missing geneprints before Jurassic Park becomes a reality on Earth. If you don\\\'t know what a geneprint is, you will after finishing your first mission. The controls are intuitive, and the game is both challenging and unique enough that kids of all ages will enjoy creating and controlling dinosaurs for hours on end. You will learn a lot of interesting information about these intriguing animals in the process, while having fun -- the hallmark of good edutainment. Too bad there is no other game like it even today.

Description of Cosmo\\\'s Cosmic Adventure: Forbidden Planet
In 1992, Apogee Software, Ltd. published Cosmo\\\'s Cosmic Adventure: Forbidden Planet, a game for the DOS system offering action genre. Violence only involves characters disappearing. Special bonus “hidden” features include an air scooter to discover and use.

Description of Jill of the Jungle: The Complete Trilogy
An excellent game of action 1993. With 3rd-person, platform, side-scrolling perspective, the publisher Epic MegaGames, Inc. had wonderful ideas around. Jill aquires various weapons with interesting characteristics - a throwing knife that returns etc. There is no more violence than an animal disappearing and a splash of pixelated red. 

Description of Excelsior Phase One: Lysandia
Developed by and published by Access Software, Inc., Excelsior Phase One: Lysandia is a adventure, role-playing (rpg) game revolving around. It was published in 1993. It allows you to choose fantasy character species, attributes, skills and then you may acquire objects and study further skills. You choose whether to attack, trade or just walk around. Violence only involves characters disappearing. 


