 http://img140.imageshack.us/img140/8425/193138309x.jpg








Fast Feng Shui for Prosperity: 8 Steps on the Path to Abundance by Stephanie Roberts


Lotus Pond Press  

STEPHANIE ROBERTS

2005 

ISBN: 193138309X 

English 

214 pages 

PDF 

13.8 MB


Fast Feng Shui for Prosperity continues the popular Fast Feng Shui series with the easy, effective, step-by-step advice that readers have come to expect from contemporary feng shui expert Stephanie Roberts. In her new book, Ms. Roberts combines the power of contemporary feng shui to transform your space with the inner transformations that unleash your ability to succeed and prosper. 

When the spaces in your home that govern your finances are cluttered, stagnant or missing from your floor plan, it can be difficult to attract and hold on to money. Poor feng shui can also lead to increased arguments and miscommunication, affect your reputation at work, and hinder your personal growth--all of which may contribute to financial difficulties. By improving the feng shui of your home or office, these obstacles to prosperity are removed or corrected. Feng shui practiced in this way works from the outside in: by improving the chi of your external environment you improve your financial experience, whether in subtle or dramatic ways. Feng shui also recognizes that you are the most powerful factor in your space, an often-overlooked key to success that Fast Feng Shui for Prosperity explores in depth. In order to create lasting improvement in your financial circumstances, you need to create an inner environment (thoughts, feelings, and beliefs) that supports long-term prosperity rather than leading you further into over-spending, under-earning, and ever-increasing debt. This is feng shui practiced from the inside out: by uncovering inner blocks to prosperity and embracing key lessons from the ba gua (the feng shui energy map), we empower ourselves to experience abundance in all aspects of our lives. By combining the outer feng shui transformation of your space with inner transformations inspired by the ba gua, your ability to attract and manifest money will be unleashed. This exciting new addition to the Fast Feng Shui series also provides detailed instructions for six powerful feng shui cash flow rituals, including both ancient methods and modern practices. The extensive Appendices cover the essential feng shui basics, including: how to understand and use the ba gua (the feng shui energy map); how to use the five feng shui elements to increase the effectiveness of your feng shui; an alphabetical guide to 30 Wealth Symbols from both Chinese and Western traditions; tips for using other common feng shui cures and accessories; and a Resource Guide to books and audio-programs that support your inner transformation.

[/color][/code][/b]