Season 1, Episode 1: Midnight on the Firing Line

The Narn attack a Centauri colony, while Raiders attack transport ships. And Talia Winters arrives at the station.

Season 1, Episode 2: Soul Hunter

A mysterious alien who steals the souls of the living arrives on the station putting Delenn's life in danger.

Season 1, Episode 3: Born to the Purple

Londo falls for a beautiful slave, whose owner wants to steal sensitive information. Garibaldi discovers that someone is using a restricted communications channel.

Season 1, Episode 4: Infection

A living weapon wreaks havoc on the station. 

Season 1, Episode 5: The Parliament of Dreams

A week long cultural festival is takes place on board the station. Catherine Sakai, Sinclair's old girlfriend, arrives on the station and G'Kar receives a death threat. 

Season 1, Episode 6: Mind War

The Psi-Cops arrive at the station to capture Talia's old Psi Corps instructor. Catherine is warned not to survey a sector of space by G'Kar. 

Season 1, Episode 7: The War Prayer

A pro-Earth group attacks a Mimbari poet and two Centauri lovers seek Londo's help. 

Season 1, Episode 8: And the Sky Full of Stars

Sinclair is kidnapped by people who want to know what happened when he disappeared in the last battle of the Earth/Minbari war, knowledge that even Sinclair does not know. 

Season 1, Episode 9: Deathwalker

A war criminal scientist who is the last of the notorious Dilgars is discovered on B5 bearing an extraordinary medication that all the powers want. 

Season 1, Episode 10: Believers

An alien family refuses surgery to save their dying child. 

Season 1, Episode 11: Survivors

Garibaldi is blamed for an accident aboard B5, leading to his return to the bottle. 

Season 1, Episode 12: By Any Means Necessary

The station's dock workers stage an illegal strike. G'Kar tries to take part in a Narn religious ceremony. 

Season 1, Episode 13: Signs and Portents

Londo obtains a priceless Centauri artifact and a stranger visits each alien ambassador asking only one question. 

Season 1, Episode 14: TKO

A disgraced boxer comes to Babylon 5 to compete in the Mutai, an alien fighting match. Meanwhile, an old friend visits Ivanova so that she can mourn the loss of her father. 

Season 1, Episode 15: Grail

A man searching for the Holy Grail arrives. Ambassador Kosh may be behind a string of attacks on the station. 

Season 1, Episode 16: Eyes

A Colonel investigates Sinclair and his command staff for recent station actions. 

Season 1, Episode 17: Legacies

A Minbari military leader's dead body disappears on the station. 

Season 1, Episode 18: A Voice in the Wilderness: Part 1

One of Delenn's old friends arrives on the station when an extinct civilization is found on the planet that Babylon 5 orbits. 

Season 1, Episode 19: A Voice in the Wilderness: Part 2

An Earthforce captain and an alien race both lay claim to the planet below. 

Season 1, Episode 20: Babylon Squared

B5's immediate predecessor, Babylon 4, suddenly reappears after mysteriously vanishing years ago. 

Season 1, Episode 21: The Quality of Mercy

Talia must enter the mind of a convicted murderer while Dr. Franklin goes to Downbelow to investigate a doctor who apparently is 'magically' healing people. 

Season 1, Episode 22: Chrysalis

Garibaldi investigates a death on the station which leads him to a terrible discovery.
