Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


The City Sleeps in Flames is the debut album by post-hardcore band Scary Kids Scaring Kids (also known as SKSK). It was released through Immortal Records on June 28, 2005. The album produced three music videos, for the songs "The Only Medicine", "My Darkest Hour" and "The City Sleeps in Flames". The title of the album and the song "The City Sleeps in Flames" references the group's loss of structure in their lives, creating a new one on the road. The cover recalls the final scene of the movie Fight Club. Also, the song "The World as We Know It" makes a reference to the movie 28 Days Later ("A virus known as Rage is brutally destroying and spreading all over the place").

Scary Kids Scaring Kids was an American alternative rock band formed in Gilbert, Arizona in 2002. The band's name comes from the Cap'n Jazz song of the same name. The group disbanded following a farewell tour in 2010.

The band - which originally was composed of Tyson Stevens on bass and vocal (later to be strictly the vocalist), guitarists Chad Crawford, DJ Wilson (later to switch to bass) and Steve Kirby, Pouyan Afkary on keyboards and drummer Peter Costa - recorded their self-financed debut EP, After Dark, while they were still in high school. After Dark was eventually re-released by Immortal Records in 2005. After nearly disbanding, they decided to pursue the band full-time, hosting carwashes and taking out loans to finance their tours.

The band was then signed to Immortal Records, where they released their first full-length album. Entitled The City Sleeps in Flames, the album was recorded during February and March 2005 with producer Brian McTernan, and released on June 28, 2005. The album gained moderate success and spawned the successful singles "The Only Medicine" and "My Darkest Hour" which were made into music videos.

Scary Kids left Immortal Records before it collapsed and signed their major label deal with RCA records. During their fall tour with Anberlin, Straylight Run, and There For Tomorrow, the band announced they will be working on their third studio album at the tour's end. The band has said the album should be out in October 2009, though due to the band's disbandment, it is unknown what will happen to the recorded tracks for the album.

Lead singer Tyson took some urgent personal time off in the last 4 days of the 2009 Warped Tour and the band had Craig Mabbitt of Escape the Fate, and Brandon Bolmer of Chiodos, ex-Yesterdays Rising, filling in on vocals for the rest of the tour, with some help from Cove Reber of Saosin .


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/