Michael schenker - Temple of rock (2011)



Legendary guitarist Michael Schenker is back with a new album, "Temple Of Rock", this time under his own name, leaving the MSG moniker.
After several poor releases and personal problems during the last decade, this new recording sees Schenker returning in good form.
Responsible of this are the very good back-up musicians and personnel involved to drive this new adventure into a professional path.

On Schenker words; “With 'Temple Of Rock', I am entering a new stage of my life, a new level of existence enjoying life more than ever, reaping the joy of all sorts of developments from the past. 
These days I just want to go out there, play and have fun. Also, it seems to me that collectively, with true expressive makers of rock music, we have been building the external Temple Of Rock for many years and have now come to the point of putting on the roofing and celebrating the almost completion of the Temple. 
All generations of this period are meeting all over the world on one stage it seems celebrating an era of "hand make rock", which will never be the same again due to invention of new technology but of course New Temples and New Wonders will arise to enjoy expressions in new ways”.

You like Michael Voss vocals or not, but the man has helped to make this material sounding cohesive and vital, not only on the arrangements, particularly on the production department. Has been passed many years since a Michael Schenker album sounded that good.
Taking a look back to Schenker classic albums of the '80s, "Temple Of Rock" includes pretty good rockin' tunes, with nice hooks and catchy choruses.
Ranging from melodious rockers such as "Miss Claustrophobia" (one of my favorites), "Fallen Angel" or "Saturday Night", to more old school harder tracks as "The End Of An Era", the great "Before The Devil Knows You're Dead" (with a welcomed Doggie White on lead vocals), or "Storming In", here is something for everyone.
Also, if you're looking for ballads, you have the bluesy "With You", and also there's room, of course, for the guitar frantics on both versions of "How Long".


In 2011 Michael celebrates his 40th jubilee as a recording artist.
And "Temple Of Rock" makes justice to his (tumultuous) career.
It is distinguished by an immense enthusiasm for guitar, including the participation of an incredible list of international superstars (check personnel).
The punchy and compelling production helps to enjoy this entertaining album, where most the tracks are good and fun to listen.
Michael Schenker and his new line up already completed a very successful UK Tour in July 2011 and a great Show at London’s High Voltage Festival being joined by surprise guests such as Rudolf Schenker, Doogie White and Jeff Scott Soto.
In October Michael Schenker will be touring the States with Leslie West and Uli Jon Roth under the name '3 Guitar Heroes'.
Good.


01 - Intro
02 - How Long
03 - Fallen Angel
04 - Hanging On
05 - The End Of An Era
06 - Miss Claustrophobia (Album Version)
07 - With You
08 - Before The Devil Knows You're Dead
09 - Storming In
10 - Scene Of Crime
11 - Saturday Night
12 - Lover's Sinfony
13 - Speed
14 - How Long (3 Generations Guitar-Battle Version)
15 - Remember (Japan Bonus Track)


Michael Schenker - Guitars
Michael Voss (Mad Max, Casanova) - Vocals
Herman Rarebell (ex Scorpions) - Drums
Pete Way (ex UFO) - Bass
Wayne Findlay (MSG) - Keyboards

Guests:
Rudolf Schenker (Scorpions) - Guitar
William Shatner (Captain Kirk from Star Trek) - Intro Vocals
Leslie West - Guitar
Doogie White - Vocals
Robin McAuley - Vocals
Don Airey - Keyboards
Chris Glenn (ex MSG) - Bass
Neil Murray (ex Whitesnake) - Bass
Paul Raymond – UFO (ex MSG)
Simon Phillips - Drums
Carmine Appice - Drums
Chris Slade (ex AC/DC) - Drums