The Cleveland Show S01E04: 'Birth of a Salesman' with Dutch Subs.

Cleveland still has a hard time getting a job around town. However, Tim the Bear helps him get a job at his workplace called Waterman Cable; the owner, Mr. Waterman, is not exactly pleased that Cleveland is African-American. Then suddenly, Cleveland begins to make record sales faster than Tim could and lost his 200 dollar bonus to him. The next day, Cleveland meets his best friend Terry Kimple, who back in high school, took the blame for smoking pot, because Cleveland was predisposed by a teacher for being African-American, so that his friend could prosper in the world. They then catch up on old times, annoying Tim to the point where he prays to Jesus to make something bad happen to Cleveland. His wish comes true when the drunken duo accidentally crash the company truck. Cleveland takes the blame this time, as Terry was close to a third infraction and going to jail. After Donna bails him out and they have sex in her car on the side of the road imaging the possibilities in prison, Cleveland then begins to be worried of getting fired. However, he notices that Mr. Waterman is gay and likes Terry (he notices his pictures of him eying Terry, Terry at a hot dog eating contest, and drinks out of a Sex and the City mug). Cleveland is able to keep his job by telling Mr. Waterman homoerotic-sounding stories of Terry in his high school years but asks for a transfer to Terry's position so that Tim could maintain his income.

Meanwhile, Rallo and Roberta get annoyed at Cleveland Jr. being the model son, who folds the clothes and makes his bed. So they enter his room and ruff up his blankets. However, they notice that when Cleveland Jr. frustratingly remakes his bed, he keeps muttering the word "divorce" and how his mother did it. They then realize that he is having unresolved issues with his parents' divorce, but he will not admit to it or even cry. So they host a show to get him to cry by hiring Don Rickles-impersonator Keith Leib to insult him and then showing him their sibling support.

Torrent by 3pp0 | subs by www.bierdopje.com thx :)