ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5.0.95.0 x86


The latest version of ESET NOD32 Antivirus including updated keys. This is a highly-recommended security application that helps you protect your computer. Enjoy it!


ESET NOD32 Antivirus – Integrated, Real-Time Protection against viruses, worms, trojans, spyware, adware, phishing, and hackers. Built for a low footprint, fast scanning, it packs security features and customization options for consistent and personalized security online or off. With NOD32 Antivirus, you are protected at the highest level while you work online, social network, download files, play online games or exchange data via removable media. NOD32 Antivirus utilizes multiple layers of detection and unique cloud technology to keep out threats and block all potential attacks vectors. Cybercriminals are stopped dead in their tracks before they can compromise your system and exploit sensitive personal information. Whether you just want to deploy it and forget it or tweak the settings, NOD32 is the right choice for you. Designed to put all needed actions at your fingertips, the graphical user interface with customization options puts you in control and keeps you up-to-date on important events.

New in ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5 :
Key Benefits:
• Thorough Protection of Your Online Identity. Utilizing multiple layers of detection, ESET NOD32 Antivirus blocks all vectors used by computer threats to expose sensitive user information. The cloud-based scanning increases the level of security even more.
• Small System Footprint. The unique build of ESET NOD32 Antivirus has been optimized over the years to perfectly match the system environment. ESET engineered a smart solution with the lowest system footprint on the market ensuring fast startup and smooth performance.
• Ease of Use. ESET NOD32 Antivirus installs fast and offers clean visual user experience. In case a user’s intervention is required, the solution offers intuitively obvious actions to address the issue.
Key Features
• Cloud Powered Scanning. Based on real-time streaming of threat-related information from the cloud, the ESET Virus lab keeps the reputation services up-to-date for a constant level of protection against Internet threats.
• Enhanced Media Control. Block threats trying to get through to the system via removable media. ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5 automatically prompts you to scan the content of all USB flash drives, CDs and DVDs. Block specific media based on a range of parameters like the device ID, media type, and serial number.
• Optimized Startup Procedure. No more waiting for signature database download to complete – ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5 lets you start working on your computer immediately after booting, without compromising your security.
New Features for Geeks
• Gamer Mode. When in full-screen mode, ESET NOD32 Antivirus automatically switches to silent mode, which saves system resources, so you can enjoy playing computer games or concentrate on important work tasks without distractions from pop-up messages.
• Advanced HIPS Functionality. This one is for real Geeks – now you can customize the behavior of the system in greater detail: specify rules for the system registry, active processes and programs, and fine-tune your security posture.
• Advanced Setup Tree. Redesigned advanced setup tree for more intuitive and easier navigation.
• Streamlined License Management. Select the type of activation that suits you best. All activation methods were designed to require as little user intervention as possible.
• Enjoy the Fresh New Look. The graphical environment has undergone a number of usability and design modifications with the aim to enhance the overall user experience. The most frequently used actions are available from all screens.




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1300+ torrents                                                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		