Coast to coast AM 2011-04-13 
"Hybrids & Aliens"

Date: 04-13-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Whitley Strieber, Greg Hunter 
Could there be alien-human hybrids walking among us who have very different powers of mind and body? Whitley Strieber shared some of his hair-raising experiences that suggest that something like this could actually be true. In his new novel, Hybrids, he explores the promise and danger of this possibility. He referred to his latest book as another one of his "true fiction" efforts, which "contains elements that I think are factual but I don't have enough information to prove." 

We're going to see a leap in technology in the next 5 years, with methods to compress memory, so that machine's capacities will be denser than the human brain, he reported. In his new book, he considers these advances, along with "alien technology" to create super soldiers that are smarter than we are-- programmable biological robots. 

Real alien hybrids may have been created by the 'Visitors' using genetic methods similar to what Earth scientists currently use, he suggested. A number of people wrote to Strieber expressing their belief that they are hybrids. Interestingly, he noted that UFO hacker Gary McKinnon said he saw lists of officers who were on off-planet 'space fleets.' Perhaps people are being altered genetically to endure long flights, Whitley conjectured. He also recounted some of 'Visitor' experiences that took place at his former cabin in a secluded area in upstate New York. 

Budget Analysis
First hour guest, investigative reporter Greg Hunter reacted to Pres. Obama's speech on the budget, and noted that neither party is saying a word about "the 75 billion a month that the Fed is printing to finance 70% of the government." He also cited how the various wars the US is involved in could lead to inflation, or hyperinflation. 

News segment guest: Dr. Robin Falkov 

Website(s): 
•unknowncountry.com
•usawatchdog.com
Book(s): 
•Hybrids
•2012: The War for Souls
•The Grays
•Communion

thank you to my sorce, without you we'd miss out on this great show.
 


please seed if you can.