OnLive v1.0
Requirements: Android 2.3+
Overview: Play console-class games on demand with the free OnLive® app!


OnLive cloud gaming is a revolutionary new concept in video games that instantly delivers the latest top-tier high-performance games on demand through the Internet to your Android tablet or phone with the simplicity of streaming video.

Compatibility

The OnLive app requires at least Android 2.3 Gingerbread and has been tested on the following devices: Acer Iconia Tab A500, ASUS Eee Pad Transformer, HTC Evo View, HTC Flyer, HTC Jetstream, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab, Sony Ericsson Tablet S, Toshiba Thrive, HTC EVO, HTC Nexus One, HTC Rezound 4G, HTC Sensation, HTC Sensation XL, Motorola Droid 2, Motorola Droid X2, Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G, Motorola DROID RAZR 4G, Motorola Photon 4G, Samsung Galaxy S II 4G. 

The Universal OnLive Wireless Controller has been tested with the Acer Iconia Tab A500, ASUS Eee Pad Transformer, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab, Toshiba Thrive.

(OnLive will continue to update these lists as additional smartphones and tablets are tested.)

On Demand Gaming

No big downloads, no limits on performance. With OnLive, gamers have instant access to console-class games, running on OnLive’s powerful servers in the cloud, and streaming video to your tablet or phone. You can start playing a high-end game within seconds of signing on. Even if you don’t own any games, OnLive provides free demos of nearly all games offered on the service.

Access Everywhere

Play OnLive games anywhere, anytime on almost any OnLive-compatible device, whether tablet, phone, TV or computer. Your games, saves and user profile are always stored in the cloud so you start a game on one device, and continue where you left off on another—even multiplayer gameplay is cross-platform. Build your library without taking up any space on your Android device.

Unique Game Platform Experiences 

Watch live games being played worldwide in OnLive’s exclusive massive spectating Arena, find your friends and set up multiplayer matches, or post Brag Clip™ videos of your greatest moments to your OnLive profile or Facebook wall. With OnLive you never have to worry about game updates, backups or the performance capabilities of your local device. Just play games. Instantly.

Play with Touch or OnLive Wireless Controller 

Play OnLive’s growing library of touch-compatible games on your Android tablet or phone, or get the Universal OnLive Wireless Controller (check compatibility list above) at www.onlive.com/store for a full hands-on console experience compatible with most OnLive games.

“In fact, if you’re still at all skeptical about OnLive, I highly encourage you to give it a spin. You’ll be inside of a game in less than five minutes, and you can see for yourself just how well it works.” – touchArcade
