This is a release from Movie World & Scratzz

Raw source is supplied from "Linday1" 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1126591/
 6,1




Ali is a small-town girl with a big voice who escapes hardship and an uncertain future to follow her dreams to LA. After stumbling upon The Burlesque Lounge, a majestic but ailing theater that is home to an inspired musical revue, Ali lands a job as a cocktail waitress from Tess, the club's proprietor and headliner. 

Burlesque's outrageous costumes and bold choreography enrapture the young ingenue, who vows to perform there one day. Soon enough, Ali builds a friendship with a featured dancer, finds an enemy in a troubled, jealous performer and garners the affection of Jack, a bartender and fellow musician. With the help of a sharp-witted stage manager and gender-bending host, Ali makes her way from the bar to the stage. Her spectacular voice restores The Burlesque Lounge to its former glory, though not before a charismatic entrepreneur arrives with an enticing proposal.



Director Steve Antin
Certificate 12 years and over
Year 2010
Languages English
Additional Languages French (Parisian) Spanish (Castilian) Italian Catalan
Subtitles Swedish Arabic Catalan Dutch French (Parisian) Hindi Italian Spanish (Castilian)
Region Region 2


Director's Commentary
Alternate Opening
The Burlesque Lounge: Alternate Full Musical Performances!
Blooper Reel

Christina Aguilera, Cher, Kristen Bell, Stanley Tucci, Eric Dane, Cam Gigandet, Alan Cumming, Black Thomas, Katerina Mikailenko & Aline Bui

Burlesque [2010 PAL DVD][En.Ca.Fr.It.Es Subs[Ar.Ca.Nl.Fr.Hi.It.Es.Sv]


En ung kvinna flyr undan sitt förflutna genom att uppträda på en neo-burlesque klubb i Los Angeles.

The Burlesque Lounge har sett sina bästa dagar och hotas nu av nedläggning. Ägarinnan Tess, en före detta dansös, jagas av skulder och en affärsman som vill köpa klubben. Ali anställs som servitris men hennes ambitioner är att äntra scenen själv. Uppbackad av sina kolleger på klubben lyckas hon uppfylla sina drömmar och hennes liv tar en dramatisk vändning när hon blir klubbens huvudattraktion.

Speltid 114 min
EAN-kod 5051162282914
Textning Svenska Engelska Franska Spanska Italienska Arabiska Hindi Kastellanska Holländska
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild Widescreen
Extra material
» Director's Commentary
» Alternate Opening
» The Burlesque Lounge: Alternate Full Musical Performances!
» Blooper Reel
Lokal titel Burlesque
Orginal titel Burlesque
Genre Drama Musikal
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 2010
Regi Steve Antin
Manus Steve Antin
Åldersgräns Barntillåten
Biorelease 2011-01-28
