1968 turned into a very good year for the Stones. Jumpin' Jack Flash and Beggar's Banquet allowed Jagger and Richard to finally emerge from the shadow of Lennon and McCartney. Sure, the Stones produced many great songs before BB, but they were always being compared to The Beatles. The comparison was unfair (both bands had slightly different roots and played a different brand of rock). Beggar's Banquet established the Stones as one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands around (I say one of the greatest because the argument could easily be made for a number of other bands including The Who).
The band had finally found their George Martin. Jimmy Miller's sympathetic production captured the band's raw edge. This is as raspy and as close to the blue as rock ever got. From the stunning opening salvo of percussion, piano and vocals on Sympathy for the Devil to the gospel tinged backing vocals that close out Salt of the Earth, BB proved to be the most consistently brillant album the band would make. Let It Bleed and Sticky Fingers followed on the heels of this great album and, while both are great in their own way, they basically use the blueprint of this terrific album to construct those masterpieces. Let It Bleed ranks up there as one of the band's finest moments but it has a little bit of filler. Every track on BB is essential and works.

The sound quality is amazing. Some tracks benefit more from others. The opening track, Jigsaw Puzzle and Parachute Woman all benefit from the razor sharp sound found on this CD/SACD hybird. My only reservation is with the artwork. I really dislike digpaks. They are a bizarre love child of the CD replica of original albums and the CD plastic box format. It's neither fish nor fowl (well, I'd call it foul--if the plastic spindle breaks you can't replace it and it becomes pretty useless as far as storing the CD). The cardboard digipak doesn't stand up to wear and tear very well (then again the original cardboard vinyl sleeves didn't either). I don't know that there's a happy medium here.

It would have been nice to include extras (bonus tracks, out takes or even a booklet with lyrics, comments from the band, etc.). Still, I'm happy with the stunning sound quality (I'm not so happy about the UK/US release format that Abkco has used. Personally I would have preferred having bonus tracks from the US releases and then sequenced them myself). Nevertheless, BB along with Let It Bleed, Aftermath, Between the Buttons and Sticky Fingers are essential Stones albums. I know lot of folks would include Exile on Main Street as well but for me it's an over rated album. The sound is murky, the songwriting sloppy on many tracks and it has too much filler (much like The Beatles' White Album--oops there's that comparison again). 

by Wayne Klein

TRACKLIST:

01 - Sympathy For The Devil.wma                                       
02 - No Expectations.wma                                              
03 - Dear Doctor.wma                                                  
04 - Parachute Woman.wma                                              
05 - Jig-Saw Puzzle.wma                                               
06 - Street Fighting Man.wma                                          
07 - Prodigal Son.wma                                                 
08 - Stray Cat Blues.wma                                              
09 - Factory Girl.wma                                                 
10 - Salt Of The Earth.wma    

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	