www. Norskbits .com - Last ned Filmer, TV-serier, Spill, Program og Musikk http://www.norskbits.com

Check :: http://www.norskbits.com :: for more of my torrents, and the rest of the Kubrick collection!


Actors: Kirk Douglas, Laurence Olivier, Jean Simmons, Charles Laughton, Peter Ustinov
Directors: Stanley Kubrick
Format: Import, PAL, Widescreen, Collector's Edition
Language English
Subtitles: English
Region: Region 2 (This DVD may not be viewable outside Europe. Read more about DVD formats.)
Number of discs: 2
Run Time: 189 minutes
Average Customer Review: 4.3 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (44 customer reviews)
ASIN: B004C8HIIS
Amazon Bestsellers Rank: 43,355 in Film & TV (See Top 100 in Film & TV)

Scandinavian Edition, PAL/Region 2 DVD: Subtitles: Danish, Finnish, Norwegian, Swedish, English. Features: Disc I: Audio Commentary by Producer/Actor Kirk Douglas, Actor Peter Ustinov, Novelist Howard Fast, Producer Edward Lewis, Restoration Expert Robert A. Harris, and Designer Saul Bass Screenwriter Dalton Trumbo's Scene-by-Scene Analysis Additional Alex North Score Compositions Restoration Demonstration Disc II: Rare Deleted Scenes Vintage Newsreel Footage 1960 Promotional Interviews with Jean Simmons and Peter Ustinov 1992 Video Interview with Peter Ustinov Behind-the-Scenes "Gladiatorial School" Footage The 1960 Documentary The Hollywood Ten Plus Archival Documents About the Blacklist Original Storyboards by Saul Bass Hundreds of Production Stills, Lobby Cards, Posters, Print Ads and A Comic Book Sketches by Director Stanley Kubrick Original Theatrical Trailer. Director Stanley Kubrick tells the tale of Spartacus (Kirk Douglas), the bold gladiator slave and Varinia (Jean Simmons), the woman who believed in his cause. Challenged by the power-hungry General Crassus (Laurence Olivier), Spartacus is forced to face his convictions and the power of the Imperial Rome at its glorious height. The inspirational true account of man's eternal struggle for freedom, Spartacus combines history with spectacle to create a moving 
drama of love and commitment.


www. Norskbits .com - Last ned Filmer, TV-serier, Spill, Program og Musikk http://www.norskbits.com

Check :: http://www.norskbits.com :: for more of my torrents, and the rest of the Kubrick collection!