 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 32 - Vaccines & Pills - Are Your Children At Risk




POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 32 - Vaccines & Pills - Are Your Children At Risk


Description:
The Drugging of Our Children:
In the absence of any objective medical tests to determine who has ADD or ADHD, doctors rely in part on standardized assessments and the impressions of teachers and guardians while the they administer leave little room for other causes or aggravating factors, such as diet, or environment.

Hence, diagnosing a child or adolescent with ADD or ADHD is often the outcome, although no organic basis for either disease has yet to be clinically proven. Psychiatrists may then prescribe psychotropic drugs for the children without first without making it clear to parents that these medications can have severe side-effects including insomnia, loss of appetite, headaches, psychotic symptoms and even potentially fatal adverse reactions, such as cardiac arrhythmia.

And yet, despite these dangers, many school systems actually work with government agencies to force parents to drug their children, threatening those who refuse with the prospect of having their children taken from the home unless they cooperate.



THE KINSEY SYNDROME:
This documentary shows how "The Kinsey Reports" have been used to change the laws concerning sex crimes in America, resulting in the minimal sentences so often given to rapists and pedophiles. Further explained is how the Kinsey data laid the foundation for sex education -- training teachers, psychologists and even Catholic priests in human sexuality. What has been the consequence? And what was Kinsey's research really based upon?

Working secretly in his attic, Dr. Kinsey was one of America's original pornographers. His influence inspired Hugh Hefner to launch Playboy Magazine - the "soft" approach to porn - which in time would escalate the widespread use of pornography through magazines, cable TV and the Internet. In 2006 the California Child Molestation & Sexual Abuse Attorneys reported that: "The number of victims of childhood sexual abuse and molestation grows each year. This horrific crime is directly tied to the growth of pornography on the Internet."

Perhaps most disturbing, Alfred Kinsey has been accused of training pedophiles to work with stopwatches and record the responses of children being raped - all in the name of "science". Among his workers was a Nazi pedophile whose relationship to Kinsey was exposed in a German court. The information from these crimes was then recorded in "Table 34" of Kinsey's Sexual Behavior in the Human Male. How can lawmakers use such a document to define the moral parameters of our society?

Why has the truth about Kinsey been suppressed for so long? And what can Americans do to make a difference?

Review by Matt Barber, Associate Dean and Adjunct Law Professor, Liberty University School of Law - “The Kinsey Syndrome is must-viewing for anyone who cares about our rapidly declining culture. The film is central to the curriculum for “Sexual Behavior and the Law” – a class I teach at Liberty University School of Law. As the documentary so masterfully illustrates, there is a pre-Kinsey and a post-Kinsey America. Unfortunately, we live in the latter. All of our major elitist institutions: the courts; the media; academia; the entertainment industry and others – have relied upon Kinsey’s wholly discredited research to move America away from adherence to the Judeo-Christian sexual ethic, and toward a secular-humanist, morally relative worldview. The Kinsey Syndrome has helped to expose Alfred Kinsey and his life’s work as pure fraud.”

American History Films, A Jude 3 Production
Executive Producers: Joseph M. Schimmel, Christian J. Pinto
Written & Directed by: Christian J. Pinto
Associate Producers: Clark Aliano, Steve Aguilar
Running Time: 120 Minutes


Kinseys Paedophiles - Secret History:
In 1948 the American sexologist Alfred Kinsey published his first study of sexuality. In it he claims that children are sexual from birth. But where did the data come from? This programme reveals Kinsey’s research with pedophiles and questions using information from habitual child abusers.  This is a Yorkshire Television production for Channel 4, produced and directed by Tim Tate, aired August 10, 1998. The show features interviews with Kinsey team members Paul Gebhard and Clarence Tripp, Kinsey Institute director John Bancroft and several of Kinsey's biographers.

Here is an original press release of the production: 
http://www.drjudithreisman.com/old/timtate.htm

Parts of this show are cited in this chapter: 
http://www.drjudithreisman.com/archives/chapter7.pdf

from Dr. Reisman's book Kinsey, Crimes & Consequences: 
http://www.drjudithreisman.com/archives/2005/08/kinsey_crimes_c_1.html

Also see The Kinsey Coverup: 
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3704337510629412177

and The Kinsey Syndrome: 
http://www.thekinseysyndrome.com/


Sex Education Imposed on Children by Govt - Bournemouth BCG:
Some of the video played here in this presentation had to be censored in order to not be taken off the net as Pornography. But these videos are being shown to children in England as young as 5 years old!! This is not acceptable! Sex Education is not the job of the Parents anymore according to their government..the State now has taken this responsibility! Alfred Kinseys "Scientific" Sex Research is the basis of many of our laws on the subject. Look for "The Kinsey Syndrome" on the net. Rockefeller Foundation funded Kinsey "research". Showing explicit approved educational pictures to children by teachers has been legalised in the UK. Say NO to this agenda by Government. Sex education is the Parents Responsibility! Your Moral or Religious views do not count any more, if you dont agree to this...say NO to them! Say no to Imposed morality by the State, and espeically one following a marxist or socialist agenda.



The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA                                      Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

 (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS  





                  