DOUBLE TROUBLE BEEN A LONG TIME
Label Tone-Cool 
Original Year 2001
Format: Flac


You have to give the late guitar legend Stevie Ray Vaughan's rhythm section credit for perseverance. Mitch Mitchell and Noel Redding, the rhythm section of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, never took it upon themselves to continue as a recording entity after their leader's passing. Of course, Double Trouble is buoyed on Been A Long Time by a host of famous friends who offer impassioned performances to occupy Vaughan's vacated frontman spot.

Bassist Tommy Shannon and drummer Chris Layton are as rock-solid here as they ever were backing up their erstwhile leader. They don't spend much time looking back, either. Been A Long Time isn't really a blues album--rather, it's a bluesy rock album with a decidedly contemporary edge that owes little to Vaughan's sound. Jonny Lang, Susan Tedeschi, Charlie Sexton, and many others lend their voices and guitars to Been A Long Time, but Double Trouble can take the credit for putting (and keeping) the whole thing together.

Additional personnel includes:[/b][/color]: Doyle Bramhall II, Dr. John, Lou And Barton, Eric Johnson, Susan Tedeschi, Jonny Lang, Malford Milligan, Willie Nelson, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Charlie Sexton, Jimmie Vaughan, Reese Wynans, Gordie Johnson, Van Wilks, Denny Freeman, Mark Kazanoff, Bill Willis, Riley Osbourn, Tommy Taylor, Derek O'Brien.

Tracklist:
01. Cry Sky - (featuring Malford Milligan)
02. Turn Towards The Mirror - (featuring Charlie Sexton)
03. Say One Thing - (featuring Doyle Bramhall II)
04. Rock And Roll - (featuring Susan Tedeschi/Kenny Wayne Shepherd/Charlie Sexton)
05. Skyscraper - (featuring Malford Milligan)
06. In The Middle Of The Night - (featuring Jimmie Vaughan/Lou Ann Barton)
07. She's Alright - (featuring Doyle Bramhall II)
08. Ground Hog Day - (featuring Jonny Lang)
09. In The Garden - (featuring Susan Tedeschi)
10. Baby, There's No One Like You - (featuring Dr. John)
11. (untitled) - (hidden track)



