 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0376650/

5,4


	

A stormy night. The police receive a disturbing piece of information. An officer's torch illuminates a grotesque scene: the bloody corpse of a woman and, by its side, a little girl in a state of shock. Beatriz Varga, a young psychiatrist, takes a job at a prestigious sanatorium that specialises in hypnosis and is miles away from the nearest town. There, she finds out about the case of this little girl. On her first day, she manages to get an answer out of her that had never been heard before. However, Beatriz's hopes of helping this girl suddenly vanish: the girl is found dead... her veins slashed. One enigmatic patient, suffering from the deepest amnesia imaginable, draws Beatriz into a maze from which it is impossible to escape: "Beatriz, be careful... it wasn't suicide". Reality and fantasy begin to merge in the increasingly unstable mind of the doctor. Patients who foresee deaths, clues that lead to different suspects, prophetic visions, circular corridors that hide deadly secrets... new deaths. And one terrifying certainty: Beatriz is the next to die. A one-way ticket to the depths of madness and terror where nobody is who they say they are... But the biggest nightmare of all is yet to come.



Director David Carreras
Certificate 12 years and over
Year 2004
Screen Widescreen 16:9
Languages Spanish - Dolby Digital (5.1)
Subtitles English
Duration 95 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2



Actors

Cristina Brondo, Demián Bichir, Marisol Membrillo, Julián Villagrán, Féodor Atkine, Natalia Sánchez, Carlos Lasarte, César Nebreda, Vicente Gil & Chus Leiva

Hipnos [2004 PAL DVD][Es Subs[Nordic]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Följ med på en resa in i mardrömmarnas rike - "Hypnos" är en psykologisk thriller i samma stil som "Sjätte Sinnet" och "Gothica".

Psykologen Beatriz har precis börjat arbeta på ett mentalsjukhus för svårt störda. Allt flyter på bra, tills patienterna en efter en dyker upp döda efter vad som förefaller vara självmord. En av de inlagda börjar dessutom berätta om sjukhusets mystiska förflutna. 

Är det en dåres hallucinationer, eller döljer den på ytan kliniska platsen en djävulsk hemlighet?

Speltid 95 min
EAN-kod 7350019702307
Textning Danska Finska Norska Svenska 
Ljud Spanska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk)
Lokal titel Hypnos
Orginal titel Hipnos
Genre Skräck Thriller 
Produktionsland Spanien
Premiärår 2004
Regi David Carreras
Manus Javier Azpeitia David Carreras 
