FTV Girls - Sandy & Yana - True Intimacy
			
Sandy's Comments:   All morning Jana was telling me about how she wanted me to fist her.  The photographer came in in late in the morning after we had breakfast and done our makeup.  Jana took a nap, because she likes to stay up all night watching TV or going out.  I like to sleep by 10pm.  So I did what she asked of me and I put my hand in her while she acted asleep.  She scared me when she got up and I pulled my hand out very quickly.  I was worried that I would hurt her and I would never want to do that.  She never complained about any pain and the photographer seemed excited to videotape it.  Its so strange to do and it doesn't seem natural that its supposed to be able to have a hand in there.  I had no idea I was going to get fisted after that, because Jana never told me she wanted to do it to me too.  I've been asked to do that before and I've always said no.  But I like Jana a lot and she makes me very comfortable, and the photographer is very understanding and a good person too.  So I let her try it on me.  Its a very strange feeling like pressure going into my stomach and when her whole hand was in it wasn't comfortable anymore like I was being stretched by a large penis.  It starts to sting after a while.  But since this is first time videos it really does make it the first time I have fisted someone and have been fisted.  The park was more fun for me since I like to be outside and Hawaii is beautiful.  So many birds!  They're very loud too.  I love the photography here and how it shows that its not only us at the park, its rather busy with people.   We really do look like sisters or cousins in the photos.  I asked the photographer if I could use some non nude ones for my myspace page.  In return I gave him pictures I took with my camera which is the photo five page.
Yana's Comments:  Hrmmm... fisting!  I luv experiencing it!  Its not painful at all, not when the girl fisting u has small hands!  Something about it is sooo sexy to me.  I also like fisting girls too and I like feeling how there pussies are on the inside.  I'm always curious and I want to feel how tight they are or where their pussy ends and how deep my hand can go!  Sandy is super small and I had the perfect excuse for her to let me try it on her.  It was a big fantasy for me and this moment I think was the best time for me to ask if I can try it on her!  I luv her pussy and I luv how small and tight it is.  So sexy to watch her pussy stretch around my hand until my hand bottoms out in her pussy!  I could feel her cervix press against my knuckles and everything.   Sooo hot!!  Then we put on cute summer dresses and went to a park with a picnic basket.  We really didn't have any use for the picnic because we were all about kissing and eating each other out!  There were people all around us doing yoga or walking their dog or getting off the bus.  Maybe nobody thought twice about what was going on but some people in cars did!  The photographer was getting so nervous about it and I found that pretty funny because we're the ones getting naked!  We went to some other place and I let Sandy go down on me some more.

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://image.bayimg.com/daddgaadf.jpg

File Size ------- 257mb
Length ---------- 34:03
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

phatwarez.thehashden.com
Made possible by your donations.