This is the new 2011 single from you me at six featuring chiddy bang. Enjoy.

On December 25, 2010, the band posted a special message video titled "Christmas Message 2010" onto their official Youtube account, and that to have expressed their keen experiences earlier this year including playing on the Radio One Big Weekend, Leeds & Readings Festivals. The band has also announced that they would be releasing a new single titled "Rescue Me" which sets to feature American alternative hip hop band Chiddy Bang, most probably in early January. The single however, hasn't been confirmed to be included in the band's upcoming third studio album. On December 27, 2010, the band uploaded a three-minute long teaser video titled "You Me At Six Ft Chiddy - Rescue Me (Teaser 1: Silent Lyric Video)". The teaser was completely silent but the lyrics of the track was included as the video plays. The official release date of the upcoming single was also confirmed to be 13th February 2011. The band also announced that the single would receive its first ever radio play on air on 3rd January, BBC Radio 1’s Breakfast Show.

On December 30, 2010, two days after the band last posted the lyrics video, the band uploaded a second clip on their official Youtube account, and that to be of the instrumental version of the single. On the very same day, the band had posted the entire description & album artwork of the upcoming single on Amazon.com. The bundle would set to include the original and instrumental version of the single and a new track titled "Knew It Was You". Also, every of the tracks were given a 30-second sample for the fans to have their first listen on them.

On January 1, 2011, the band posted up the third clip of the song titled "Rescue Me (teaser 3: Vocals)". It was also confirmed that the single would make its official first play on Zane Lowe's Breakfast Show, 3rd Jan on Radio 1.

On January 3, 2011, the band uploaded the official lyric video for the single, and that to be of the full audio included in it. On the very same day, the band's drummer Dan Flint announced via a tweet stating that the single "Rescue Me" would not be included in the upcoming third album.