
CyberLink PhotoDirector 2011 2.0.1928 Multilingual

Develop spectacular photos that express your creative vision. Experience native support for RAW files from Canon and Nikon cameras and explore the vast potential of your creativity in PhotoDirector's nondestructive editing environment. Connect with pros on DirectorZone and share and download unlimited presets that will transform your photography. Easily manage large batches of photos and massive photo libraries. Photographers serious about their hobby do it all with PhotoDirector 2011.

Develop spectacular photos that express your creative vision. Experience native support for RAW files from Canon and Nikon cameras and explore the vast potential of your creativity in PhotoDirector's nondestructive editing environment.

Connect with pros on DirectorZone and share and download unlimited presets that will transform your photography. Easily manage large batches of photos and massive photo libraries. Photographers serious about their hobby do it all with PhotoDirector 2011.

Fast, Intuitive Workflow
An efficient digital workflow speeds up the entire process from the time an image is imported to your PC to its final output. PhotoDirector is designed to make the process ultra efficient from import, manage, enhance to final output.

Import your images to PhotoDirector and immediately gain access to a powerful but easy to use library with advanced searching, sorting, tagging and flagging tools for easy management of even large batches of photos.

Select the best images you want to enhance from your collection with the help of PhotoDirector’s extensive viewing modes. Choose between the most dynamic adjustment tools and watch as your photos turn into masterpieces.

Once you have the perfect look, share you photos to Facebook and Flickr or create stunning HD slideshow videos up to 1080p, and upload them to YouTube.

Explore Your Creative Potential
Allow your imagination to explore the bounds of your creativity! PhotoDirector is an advanced nondestructive editing environment, so you can let your creativity run wild knowing your original image is always safely unaltered. Adjust the contrast, exposure or apply adjustment brushes without fear. If you are not satisfied with the effect, you can easily revert back to any revision step with Adjustment History.

Dynamic Adjustment Tools
PhotoDirector provides cutting edge adjustment tools which perfect and enhance your photos. Correct the color of your image with PhotoDirector’s advanced White Balance tool, or make the colors in your photo pop by selecting between several color enhancement tools including Levels, Tone and Hue, Saturation and Lightness.

If you shoot in high action or low light settings, then PhotoDirector’s Noise Reduction tool is an absolute must have. Bring out all the spectacular image details and make your photos crisp and clear by adjusting the sharpness. PhotoDirector’s dynamic adjustment tools are the best way to incredible images.

Precise Regional Adjustments
Some images require precise editing tools for touchups on specially targeted areas. PhotoDirector has you covered with amazing regional adjustment tools that perfect every area of your photo.

PhotoDirector’s edge aware brush is the perfect tool for making selective adjustments to targeted areas of your photo. Select the size, softness and amount of the brush you want to apply to a targeted area and touch up the exposure, brightness, contrast and so much more. Select Fit to Edges for super accurate brush strokes, so the adjustment is applied exactly to the area you want to enhance.

Explore all of PhotoDirector’s amazing regional adjustments, including Gradient Mask and Spot Removal, and create the perfect image down to the finest of details.

Select the Best Image Every time
When you have hundreds or thousands of photos to choose from, you need flexibility in viewing and comparing different images. PhotoDirector has all of the angles covered, so you can select the best images and the best adjustments every time.

Compare multiple images in Lightbox mode or browse through dozens of images in Browser mode. Try List View to see key details of the photo or switch to dual monitor mode so you always have enough screen space. Expand the image to full screen with the pleasure of knowing you still have full control over the adjustments you are applying.

Make your adjustments and enjoy several different modes to compare your photo to the original so you know exactly which adjustments create the perfect look.

Native Rendering of Canon and Nikon Files
Don't limit your photos by using poor RAW file converters with very basic capabilities. PhotoDirector provides native rendering of RAW file formats from Canon and Nikon cameras, a highly desirable feature that maintains the immaculate quality of your images as intended by the camera manufacturers, without the hassle of installing plug-ins.

PhotoDirector supports an extensive range of RAW file formats from the world's leading digital cameras. If shooting in RAW is not for you, there is no need to worry. PhotoDirector also supports JPEG and TIFF file formats. With such extensive file format support all you need to worry about is where to take your next photo.

Download Presets on DirectorZone.com
Adjustment presets are a great way to perform common touch ups with a single click of the mouse. PhotoDirector comes with a vast array of state of the art presets that turn common or complex adjustments into easy to manage touchups. PhotoDirector 2011 is the first photo software that lets users easily share their own presets and download an unlimited number of presets defined by others, directly from the application, through our online community

Share to Facebook Flickr and YouTube
When you are ready to share your photos, you can upload them to Facebook and Flickr directly from PhotoDirector simply by selecting the share icon in the Library or Adjustment module.

Share your collection of photos by creating a crystal clear HD slideshow video, up to 1080p resolution. To reach a larger audience, upload your slideshow videos to YouTube and show the world your passion for photography.


Home Page - http://www.cyberlink.com


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                               
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                              
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
