Paul Simon
There Goes Rhymin' Simon


Label: Warner Bros
Released: 1973
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 194 MB
Format: FLAC





Much of Paul Simon's fame is mingled with that of Art Garfunkel, the other half of the hugely successful duo Simon and Garfunkel. After their split, Simon's solo career took off, peaking with the multi-award winning Graceland in 1986.
In the 1960s Simon and Garfunkel (originally known as Tom & Jerry) released a series of successful albums which spawned a slew of hit singles including "The Sounds of Silence", "Mrs Robinson" and "Bridge Over Troubled Water". Their final album Bridge Over Troubled Water was released in 1970, but with their friendship failing under the pressures of fame, they split after its release. Their relationship has endured, albeit falteringly, and they have reformed for several pivotal concerts, including a free concert in Rome in 2004 which attracted an audience of over half a million.
However, Simon has almost always maintained a creative career outside of the duo and has recorded many songs on his own or with other musicians. In the period between Tom & Jerry and before Simon and Garfunkel hit the big time (1957-1964), he recorded several songs under pseudonyms including Jerry Landis, Paul Kane and True Taylor, and enjoyed some success as part of the group Tico and the Triumphs. He also began to produce singles and write songs for other people including The Seekers.
In the period after Simon and Garfunkel he began to write and record solo material starting with Paul Simon (1972) and including the well considered Still Crazy After All These Years (1975), which contained the US chart-topper "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover". For a while he coupled his songwriting and recording with acting and appeared in Annie Hall, among other films. His career ebbed a little in the early 1980s, but the release of the highly acclaimed and Grammy-winning Graceland in 1986 marked a return to popularity. He consolidated this with the release of The Rhythm of the Saints in 1990. His most recent release has been Surprise (2006) which he produced with the help of Brian Eno.




There Goes Rhymin' Simon is the third studio album by American musician Paul Simon, released on May 5, 1973. It was his most rushed-released studio album. It contains songs covering several styles and genres, such as gospel ("Loves Me Like a Rock") and dixieland ("Take Me to the Mardi Gras"). It received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1974, including Best Male Pop Vocal performance and Album of the Year. It was ranked #267 on the list of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
As foreshadowed by the good-feel lead single "Kodachrome" (which reached #2 on the Billboard charts, blocked by Billy Preston's "Will It Go Round in Circles"), There Goes Rhymin' Simon proved to be a bigger hit than its predecessor, reaching #2 on the Billboard 200 chart (kept off the top spot by George Harrison's Living in the Material World), and #1 on Cashbox Magazine for one week on June 30, 1973. In the United Kingdom, the album peaked at #4. Subsequent singles were also the #2 single "Loves Me Like a Rock" (knocked-off by Cher's "Half-Breed", but reaching #1 on Cashbox on September 29, 1973), and the Top 40 hit "American Tune". Also "Take Me to the Mardi Gras" was released in the UK reaching the Top 20.
The song "Kodachrome" is named after the Kodak film of the same name. Kodak required the album to note that Kodachrome is a trademark of Kodak. The song was not released as a single in Britain, where it could not be played on BBC radio due to its trademarked name. The song "Was a Sunny Day" has an interesting reference to early rock and roll in the line "She called him Speedo but his Christian name was Mr. Earl" which echos the chorus from the 1955 song from The Cadillacs "Speedo", with "others call him Speedo but his real name is Mr. Earl", their lead singer, Earl "Speedo" Carroll.




Personnel

Paul Simon - vocals, guitar
The Dixie Hummingbirds - vocals
Bob James - keyboards
Quincy Jones - string arrangements
Grady Tate - drums
Pete Carr - guitar
Bob Cranshaw - bass
Airto Moreira - percussion
Barry Beckett - piano, vibraphone
Cornell Dupree - guitar
Don Elliott - vibraphone
Gordon Edwards - bass
Alexander Gafa - guitar
Paul Griffin - piano
Roger Hawkins - drums, percussion
David Hood - bass
Rev. Claude Jeter - falsetto vocals
Jimmy Johnson - electric guitar
Rick Marotta - drums
Del Newman - string arrangements
Onward Brass Band - horns
Jerry Puckett - guitar
Vernie Robbins - bass
Bobby Scott- piano
David Spinozza - guitar
Allen Toussaint - horn arrangements
Terre Roche - vocals
James Straud - drums
Carson Witsett - organ
Maggie Roche - vocals



Track Listing

"Kodachrome" – 3:32
"Tenderness" – 2:53
"Take Me to the Mardi Gras" – 3:27
"Something So Right" – 4:33
"One Man's Ceiling Is Another Man's Floor" – 3:44
"American Tune" – 3:43
"Was a Sunny Day" – 3:41
"Learn How to Fall" – 2:44
"St. Judy's Comet" – 3:19
"Loves Me Like a Rock" – 3:31
