Mentioned on the Glenn Beck show as *the* book on the Federal Reserve history.

Review

"A superb analysis deserving serious attention by all Americans. Be prepared for one heck of a journey through time and mind."
Ron Paul
Publisher/Editor, Ron Paul Report
Member, House Banking Committee

"What every American needs to know about central bank power. A gripping adventure into the secret world of the international banking cartel."

Mark Thornton
Asst. Professor of Economics, Auburn Univ.
Coordinator Academic Affairs,
Ludwig von Mises Institute

"A magnificent accomplishment - a train load of heavy history, organized so well and written in such a relaxed and easy style that it captivated me. I hated to put it down."
Dan Smoot
Publisher/Editor, Dan Smoot Report -- Publisher/Editor, Dan Smoot Report

Product Description

Where does money come from? Where does it go? Who makes it? The money magicians' secrets are unveiled. We get a close look at their mirrors and smoke machines, their pulleys, cogs, and wheels that create the grand illusion called money. A dry and boring subject? Just wait!

You'll be hooked in five minutes. Reads like a detective story - which it really is. But it's all true. This book is about the most blatant scam of all history. It's all here: the cause of wars, boom-bust cycles, inflation, depression, prosperity.

Creature from Jekyll Island is a "must read." Your world view will definitely change. You'll never trust a politician again - or a banker.

From the Glenn Beck show:

GLENN BECK, HOST: Hello, America. Welcome to Friday.
Tonight is a special show. I mean, every time we do a Friday show, it's always like, "Hey, let's talk about something really depressing where we all want to hang ourselves." Tonight, it's the Fed! Oh, it's going to be spooky.
During the financial crisis, most Americans have heard a lot about the Federal Reserve, but most Americans don't know anything about it -- how it works, what it is, who even runs it or how it's run. They know that it buys our debt. It sets up interest rate. It has a lot to do with the economic well-being of our nation. What did you say?
Where did it come from?
Tonight, as part of the E4 focus, we're going to delve into E2 and get educated on the Fed.
G. Edward Griffin, he is author of this book. And if one more person hands me this book -- I really, I'm going to snap because I get this from so many -- I go out and people are, like, have you read this book? Yes, I have.
May I recommend -- have you read this book? If not, read it. It is "The Creature from Jekyll Island." It is a fascinating book on the Fed. The author is one of our guests tonight.
We're going to start at the beginning. We're going to talk a little bit about what they're doing now, but I want you to know, we're just going to start at the beginning and, really, we're going to give the history of the Fed as told by the Fed -- the happy tale on their own Web site. Are you ready for this? It's great. Here we are.
Here it is. Watch this. Quote -- on their Web site -- "After Alex Sander Hamilton spearheaded a movement advocating the creation of a central bank, the first bank of the United States was established in 1971."
You see how great this is? The Fed was started by a Founding Father. No. No. No, it wasn't. No.
The first bank isn't the fed. So, what does it have to do with anything? Well, nothing. But they just wanted to throw a Founding Father's name in there.
The bank's charter ran for 20 years and because it took about 20 years before Americans realized, hey, that Bank of America thing, that's not working out. They've got way too much power and influence, just like all the other Founders said, a proposal to renew it failed.
Now, back to happy story from the Fed's Web site. Quote, "The situation deteriorated to such an extent in 1860, a bill to charter a second bank of the United States was introduced in Congress."
Second bank was very much like the first, except bigger -- about 3.5 times bigger. It's always that way, isn't it? Anyway, the charter lasted 20 years before people went, what are we doing? Americans realized it wielded too much power and influence and proposal to renew it also failed.
Then according to the Fed Web site, they got rid of the nasty charter thing and will of the people. Quote, "In 1907, a severe financial panic jolted Wall Street and forced several banks into failure. Many Americans thought their banking structure was sadly out of date and needed major reform."
The first draft of the Federal Reserve Act was called the Aldrich bill because of the guy who wrote it was named Aldrich and it failed. President Taft refused to support it. He was so fat they had to have a special bathtub for him.
And then it underwent some surgery and reemission as the Glass-Owen bill and, of course, got a signature from progressive Woodrow Wilson in 1913.
Well, that's the Fed's story. It was introduced in 1907. And in 1913, it finally came to be. Isn't everything great in sunshine and lollipop world?
The Federal Reserve Act wasn't drafted in Congress. It was drafted on a private island off the coast of Georgia in 1910. Here is the island, Jekyll Island. And it was drafted under great secrecy.
Jekyll Island was retreat for billionaires like William Rockefeller and J.P. Morgan. And in 1910, Senator Nelson Aldrich, the Republican whip in the Senate and the chair of the National Monetary Commission, sent his private railroad car to the New Jersey railroad station where he and five other men were instructed to come one at a time and everybody pretend they just didn't know each other.
Aldrich who was the guy -- remember, he, wrote the original bill -- he was a business associate of J.P. Morgan -- oh, and the father-in-law to John D. Rockefeller, Jr. So, there is no special interest happening there. There was also Abraham Piatt Andrew, assistant secretary of the treasury, and Frank Vanderlip representing William Rockefeller. Henry Davidson and Benjamin Strong with J.P. Morgan.
And Paul Warburg --he is a partner -- he was a partner at Kuhn, Loeb & Company. He was representing the Rothschild banking family. Oh, he's going to talk about the Rothschild now. He actually is an interesting character. If you ever saw little orphan Annie, Daddy Warbucks was named after Warburg.
These are the men that represented one-fourth of the entire wealth of the world. You think we've got a problem with wealth now? Those guys -- one quarter of all the money in the world. The Morgans, the Rockefellers, Warburgs, and Rothschild all in one room.
Yes. But when do they start sacrificing chicken? No, it doesn't happen. That I'll tell you.
These guys were all competitors. According to G. Edward Griffin, who we will talk to in a minute, they all came together to form a banking cartel so they didn't have to compete against each other. He says it was like an oil cartel or a sugar cartel, but this cartel actually went in partnership with the government. I mean, how great is that, huh? It's kind of like the drug cartels in Mexico. Wait, I didn't say that out loud, did I?
So, for more than a week, these men sat around there. And they sat around this big table and they hammered out all the details of what became the Federal Reserve System with five objectives. How many of these do you agree with?
One -- to stop the growing competition from the nation's newer banks. That doesn't sound good.
Two -- to obtain franchise to create money out of nothing for the purpose of lending. That one doesn't sound good either.
Three -- to get control of the reserves of all of the banks so the reckless ones wouldn't exposed to currency drains or bank runs. Oh, that's the charity part. Oh, gee, Beave, thank you so much.
Then to shift the losses from the bank owners to the taxpayers. It just gets better and better for you and me, doesn't it? No. Again, the answer is no.
And then, finally -- to convince Congress the purpose was to protect the public.
Well, they started the Federal Reserve with no money, just a checkbook. The government could go to the Fed and obtain instant money without having to consult the taxpayer. What a country!
Money is created out of nothing and then given to the government. It's loaned by the banks to you and me and then we pay interest on it and it goes to them -- interest on nothing. Again, the Fed is nothing more than a cartel like OPEC, except it's a money cartel. And this cartel brought the federal government in to a partnership, where you and I have to answer to it.
And it's only to enforce the rules of the cartel, you know, to bring those into agreement with the federal laws to protect you. It operates under the protection of the federal government and the government has virtually given a monopoly to create the nation's money supply. There are no elected officials. There's virtually no accountability to anyone.
The president doesn't get to say, I'm going to name Glenn Beck as the head of the Fed, which -- oh, please! Sarah, when you're in, I'm available. Oh, did I say that one out loud, too? You can't do that.
The Fed gives the president a list to choose from. Really? Well, thank you, Chairman Mao.


Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/glenn-beck/transcript/beck-do-we-need-fed#ixzz1I8g52OL5