L'espoir (1945)

Storyline
1937, during the spanish civil war, at Teruel. The fight of the Republicans (with very poor means but high commitment) against fascist army of General Franco. Can be seen as romanticized witness of director and writer Andre Malraux, who joined the Republicans in 1936. Written by Yepok   

Runtime: 69
Language: Spanish (English and French sub)
Country: Spain, France
Color: Black and White
IMDb Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0037680/

Director: André Malraux, Boris Peskine
Cast:
Andrés Mejuto ... Capitan Munoz
Nicolás Rodríguez ... Pilot Marquez
José Sempere ... Commandant Pena
Julio Peña ... Attignies
Pedro Codina ... Schreiner
José María Lado ... Peasant
Serafín Ferro ... Saidi
Miguel Del Castillo ... González

Description: The was the only film directed by Andre Malraux, the noted French author, critic, and political activist, and it was based on one of his novels, which was in turn inspired by his experiences fighting with the Loyalists against Franco during the Spanish Civil War. A Loyalist aerial squadron, whose enthusiasm and determination easily outstrip the weapons at their disposal, need to take control of a strategically crucial bridge. To achieve this goal, they must wipe out a Republican air field, but their reconnaissance teams have been unable to locate it. The Loyalist air aces meet a peasant who knows where the targeted airstrip can be found, but there's a catch: he's illiterate and can't use a map, so he has to be taken along on bombing raids to show the men their target.

Espoir was actually filmed in Spain during the war, incorporating genuine combat footage. The completed takes were then smuggled to France, which was under Nazi occupation at the time. The completed picture was not shown publicly until after France was liberated, where it immediately received triumphant acclaim, earning the nation's highest cinematic honor, the Louis Delluc Award. ~ Mark Deming, All Movie Guide

Malraux went to Spain in 1936 like thousand of others from all other the world, revolted by France and Great Britain's refusal to break the "non-intervention" pact and supply arms to the loyalists when both Hitler and Mussolini, in principle also bound by this pact, openly armed Franco's troops... Malraux began shooting his film in 1938 and finished it the following year when the loyalists' hope had definitely dwindled. Espoir is a requiem for republican Spain, a committed film without any references whatsoever to ideology. 

Also Known As (AKA)
A remény - Hungary
Days of Hope (undefined)
Espoir - Italy
Espoir - Sierra de Teruel (undefined)
Hoffnung - Germany
Man's Hope (undefined)
Sierra de Teruel - Spain
Vingar över Spanien - Sweden