This torrent contains a myriad of developmental writing books, exercises, power points, and various tidbits designed to help developing writers improve their skills. 

Specifically, it has the 7th edition Diana hacker MLA guide (Instructor’s Edition) AND the 200 page workbook that goes with it. Also contained are the Pearson Lab Manuals B & C, which offer invaluable assistance and templates on how to write all modes and patterns of paragraphs (B) and essays (C).

There are many guides or workbooks like these, but these are (in my professional opinion as a college instructor) the best I have seen. A college bookstore would charge around $250 to $300 for these all together. I have also included some homemade and stolen (borrowed?) documents that walk any students through commas, capitalization, quotations, and sentence diagramming.

This torrent should be immensely useful to any high school or college student, as well as for parents who home school.
 
http://bedfordstmartins.com/Catalog/product/writersreference-seventhedition-hacker
 
http://bayimg.com/DaJcEAaDB

A Writer's Reference, the most widely adopted handbook in the United States, continues to be groundbreaking in its simplicity, offering the right content in an accessible format. New coauthor Nancy Sommers's own research, campus travel, and classroom experience keep the handbook in tune with the needs of academic writers. In a trusted quick-reference format, the seventh edition delivers advice on all the right topics: working with sources, revising with comments, preparing a portfolio, and more. A Writer's Reference offers unprecedented flexibility with several versions to choose from -- a handbook that's truly at your service.

A Writer's Reference - Seventh Edition ©2011

ISBN-10: 0-312-60143-3
ISBN-13: 978-0-312-60143-0
Paper Text, 576 pages
 
http://www.amazon.com/Pearson-Lab-Manual-Developing-Writers/dp/0205693415

The Pearson Lab Manual for Developing Writers, Volume B, is a supplemental [printed] lab manual that complements all Pearson Developmental Writing titles. The lab manual provides exercises that encourage students to apply key concepts covered in most writing classes (i.e., topic sentences, thesis statements, coherence, unity, levels of development).  Analysis exercises give further illustration of concepts explained in class and in the primary textbook; Building exercises give students the “raw materials” to develop paragraphs and/or essays along the various modes. Revision prompts encourage students to look at specific key elements of their own writing and assess whether they have met the needs of their reading audience.

•	Paperback: 82 pages
•	Publisher: Longman; 1 edition (March 2, 2009)
•	Language: English
•	ISBN-10: 0205693415
•	ISBN-13: 978-0205693412
