RegistryBooster 2012 6.0.10.6

RegistryBooster is the easy answer to all your Windows registry problems. This award winning software starts by conducting a deep scan of your registry, checking for file extension errors and other registry conflicts. RegistryBooster will then repair or remove unused, corrupted and harmful files so optimizing your PC’s performance. You can then use regular scans to keep you registry structured and your PC speeding along at peak efficiency.

With RegistryBooster you’ll see immediate increases in performance and decreases in system conflicts. RegistryBooster is the safest and most trusted solution to clean and optimize your system, freeing it from registry errors and fragmented entries. Using advanced error detection technology, RegistryBooster automatically identifies missing, corrupt or possibly harmful items in your Windows registry, dramatically enhancing performance and general stability.

Have you noticed that the longer you have your computer, the slower it runs and the more it crashes? Often this is because whenever you install or uninstall software, add or remove hardware, or change your computer’s settings, the Windows registry is updated. These changes can leave the registry fragmented, with obsolete, corrupted and, in some cases, harmful files. Over time the registry starts to get bogged down and conflicts emerge. Left unchecked, your system will become increasingly unstable, run more slowly and crash more frequently.

One mouse click and our registry cleaner does the rest. And using RegistryBooster regularly keeps your PC free from errors and from obsolete, unused or unwanted files. RegistryBooster is trusted by specialist IT technicians and home PC users around the world to solve all their registry based performance problems.

• Clean Your System and Boost Performance. Boost system performance by cleaning out all missing, unwanted, obsolete and corrupt registry entries automatically with RegistryBooster.
• Repair Your PC and Keep It Tuned. Dramatically improve your computing experience by repairing all registry problems and minimizing application seizures and crashes.
• Exceptionally Simple to Use. Set in a highly intuitive, attractive, logical and user-friendly graphical user interface, Uniblue's registry cleaner sets the standard for ease-of-use.
• More Scanning Options. Due to the improvements made to the scanning engine you are now able to scan for more sections within the registry.
• An Ignore List. This is quite an innovative feature and very useful for those users who are extra cautious with their registry. By specifying the registry section and path the user will be able to exclude registry parts from the scan.
• Log Generation. Displays a transcript of all the actions performed on the registry by a particular fix operation. Especially helpful for those users wanting to know what has been done to their registry.
• Windows Vista Compatible. RegistryBooster is now fully Windows Vista compatible and can still be run on Windows XP. The program automatically adapts itself according to the version of your operating system so you do not have to configure any manual settings.
• Safe and Trusted. Avoid crashes, seizures, slow downs and error messages with the safest and most trusted solution from a leading software vendor.

Home page - http://www.liutilities.com/




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                       
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1200+ torrents                       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	