 http://bayimg.com/iajmPAAdc

Young Winston (1972) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069528/

Young Winston is a 1972 British film based on the early years of British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.

  Robert Shaw  ...  Lord Randolph Churchill  
  Anne Bancroft  ...  Lady Jennie Churchill  
  Simon Ward  ...  Winston Churchill  
  Jack Hawkins  ...  Mr. Welldon  
  Ian Holm  ...  George E. Buckle  
  Anthony Hopkins  ...  David Lloyd George  
  Patrick Magee  ...  General Bindon Blood  
  Edward Woodward  ...  Captain Aylmer Haldane  
  John Mills  ...  General Kitchener  
  Peter Cellier  ...  Captain 35th Sikhs  
  Ronald Hines  ...  Adjutant 35 Sikhs  
  Raymond Huntley  ...  Old Officer (scenes deleted)  
  Russell Lewis  ...  Winston Churchill (Age 7)  
  Pat Heywood  ...  Mrs. Everest  
  Laurence Naismith  ...  Lord Salisbury  

The film was based on the book My Early Life: A Roving Commission by Winston Churchill. The first part of the film covers Churchill's unhappy schooldays, up to the death of his father. The second half covers his service as a cavalry officer in India and the Sudan, during which he takes part in the cavalry charge at Omdurman, his experiences as a war correspondent in the Second Boer War, during which he is captured and escapes, and his election to Parliament at the age of 26.

Churchill was played by Simon Ward, who was relatively unknown at the time but was supported by a distinguished cast including; Robert Shaw (as Lord Randolph Churchill), John Mills (as Lord Kitchener), Anthony Hopkins (as David Lloyd George) and Anne Bancroft as Churchill's mother Jennie. Other actors included Patrick Magee, Robert Hardy, Ian Holm, Edward Woodward and Jack Hawkins.

The film was written and produced by Carl Foreman and directed by Richard Attenborough. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Screenplay, Best Art Direction (Donald M. Ashton, Geoffrey Drake, John Graysmark, William Hutchinson, Peter James) and Best Costume Design

Carl Foreman was invited to meet Winston Churchill after he had seen and enjoyed Foreman's 1961 production of The Guns of Navarone. At their meeting Churchill suggested that his book My Early Life would make an excellent film.

Foreman was impressed by Richard Attenborough's Oh! What a Lovely War and at first wanted him to both direct and play Lord Randolph Churchill; Attenborough declined the latter offer.

The film was made in Morocco and in England

At July 2009 the longest edition available on DVD is Young Winston: Special Edition at 146 minutes, cut from the original U.S. theatrical release which was 157 minutes. VHS tapes cut the film to just 124 minutes. The full uncensored version of the film is currently unavailable on DVD.

The young Winston Churchill overcomes a bad family life and early military mistakes to launch his political career in the 1972 screen biography Young Winston. It was Richard Attenborough's second film as a director and was based on Churchill's own memoirs, My Early Years.

As expected, the film was much more popular in its own country than the United States since Churchill was recognized as one of England's greatest statesmen. Critic Felix Barker of the Evening News proclaimed it "An Even Greater Film Than Lawrence of Arabia," adding, "In a production so full of subleties, Ii have only space to praise one aspect of Richard Attenborough's brilliant unobtrusive direction. The man who displayed so much virtuosity in Oh! What a Lovely War is here content to paint his canvas with modest delicacy and a perfect sense of period."

The critical response in the U.S. was equally favorable even if the boxoffice receipts were not overly impressive. Richard Cuskelly of The Los Angeles Herald Examiner wrote, "Director Richard Attenborough has recreated with great skill the final halcyon days of the British Empire - a time of rigid morality, ultra-conscientious self-discipline and unsurpassed elegance."

