
DARK BUDDHA RISING is a three-piece Finnish heavy-psychedelic-stoner progressive rock outfit and their history, private life have been still shrouded in mystery. Or rather, they must be mysterious for 'The Black Arts of Psychedelia' as they advocate. In 2007 DARK BUDDHA RISING released the album 'I' on their own, about which is very little information now. 

Shooting their debut double LP 'Ritual IX' from a Finnish independent label Post-RBMM in 2008, they went on a tour called 'Live Rituals' around Finland till the following year. In February 2009 they stood on stage of Psychotropic Caravan at Nosturi (a versatile live music venue located close to downtown Helsinki) to bump their doomy psychedelia into the audience with Circle, Lord Vicar, or Vibravoid. The second double LP 'Entheomorphosis', heavier than previous one, was released in November 2009.

As the dust of centuries has settled on pages unwritten, the gates are opened only within.
In ascension rites of introvert spirits, the signature of passing flesh is inscribed in the memorial garden
as a note of entrance. Succeeding this initiation, all levels are accessible through death transpired
as severance of the flesh and the spirit immortal.

As the remnants of flesh dance to the endless pulses of the multiverse, the underlying directives
in biorhythms to which these pulses are synchronised (from ego to the universe on the left hand
and no ego in the void beneath the veil) are to be followed like a call of nature. Nature withholds
the void that exists to the unaided eye of the celestials, and the rhythms transpire as keys.

As the innerspace traveler is aligned with the order of the nine, disarray in the processes is
suddenly reversible, and the liberated shall walk the brightened path that is not treaded afoot.

"I exhaled and the skies cleared, revealing the stars. And then, from a distant event horizon arose
the black sun. Rays of black light illuminated pyramid structures in the desert, as I watched
hovering above. Carved in the monolithic stones were alien symbols that became decrypted
before my eyes. And the I became the eye, the self dissolved in the light.

Sun worshippers emerged from the sands shifting in the solar wind that carried their voice."

Current line-up
V.A. - Guitar, Vocals
P.R. - Bass, Percussion (Mother Susurrus)
J.R. - Drums, Keyboards

Genre = Sludge / Doom Metal
Format = mp3
Bitrate = 320 kbps
File Size = 165.50 MB

Tracklist
1. Ashtakra I
2. Ashtakra II 
3. Chonyidt 45 
4. Sol'Yata