[b]The Jungle Book (1967) DVD Rip H264 Team MJY MovieJockeY.CoM[/b]


The Jungle Book is a 1967 animated feature film, released on October 18, 1967. The 19th animated feature in the Disney animated features canon, it was the last to be produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production. It was inspired by the stories about the feral child Mowgli from the book of the same name by Rudyard Kipling. The movie remains one of Disney's most popular, and contained a number of classic songs, including "The Bare Necessities" and "I Wan'na Be Like You". Most of the songs are by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. The film was directed by Wolfgang Reitherman and his son, Bruce Reitherman, provided Mowgli's voice.

 Mowgli (Bruce Reitherman) is found in a basket as a baby in the deep jungles of Madhya Pradesh, India. In the Disney movie, there is no mention of what happened to his parents or how he came to be there, but the basket was in half a boat in the middle of a river; so it is most likely that his parents were washed downstream and drowned. Bagheera (Sebastian Cabot), the panther who discovers the boy, promptly takes him to a wolf who has just had cubs. She raises him along with her own cubs and Mowgli soon becomes well acquainted to jungle life.

 Mowgli is shown ten years later, visiting the wolves and getting his face licked eagerly when he arrives. That night, when the wolf tribe learns that Shere Khan (George Sanders), a man-eating tiger, has returned to the jungle, they realize that Mowgli must be taken to the man village, to protect him and those around him. Bagheera volunteers to escort him back.

IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061852/

 Directed by: Wolfgang Reitherman

 Produced by: Walt Disney

 Written by: Rudyard Kipling (novel), Larry Clemmons,Ralph Wright,Ken Anderson,Vance Gerry

 Starring: Phil Harris,Sebastian Cabot, Bruce Reitherman,George Sanders,Sterling Holloway,Louis Prima

 Music by: George Bruns

 Songs: Terry Gilkyson,Richard M. Sherman,Robert B. Sherman

Format : MPEG-4
 Codec ID : mp42
 File size : 701 MiB
 Duration : 1h 15mn
 Overall bit rate : 1300 Kbps


 Video
 Format : AVC
 Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
 Format profile : High@L5.1
 Codec ID : avc1
 Duration : 1h 15mn
 Bit rate mode : Variable
 Bit rate : 1168 Kbps
 Width : 720 pixels
 Height : 576 pixels
 Display aspect ratio : 4/3
 Frame rate mode : Constant
 Frame rate : 25.000 fps
 Standard : PAL
 Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.113


 Audio
 Format : AAC
 Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
 Duration : 1h 15mn
 Bit rate mode : Variable
 Bit rate : 128 Kbps
 Maximum bit rate : 157 Kbps
 Channel(s) : 2 channels
 Channel positions : L R
 Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
 Resolution : 16 bits
 Language : English

