Greatest Martial Arts Fight Scenes (Jeti Li, Jackie Chan etc) by tonyx

Over the years I've collected some of my favourite fight scenes from various martial arts and action movies and I thought I'd make it available to others as well. This is by no means a definitive collection and only reflects my personal taste in on-screen martial arts but nevertheless I believe you will find a lot of excellent fights in here.

My personal preference lies with realistic one-on-one fights, thus there are fewer scenes here with the hero fighting off armies of opponents or flying around unrealistically using wires. I believe wire-free one-on-one fights showcase the acrobatic and fighting skills of the fighters the best. I also prefer scenes where the hero is facing a superior and seemingly invincible opponent, because the bigger the opponent, the bigger the win.

Included in this collection are fight scenes from the following movies:

Banlieue 13
Dragon Lord
Dragons Forever
Drunken Master
The Enforcer
Fatal Contact
Fearless
First Strike
Fist of Legend
Flash Point
Fong Sai Yuk 1
Fong Sai Yuk 2
Heart Of Dragon
Highlander Endgame
Ip Man
Iron Monkey
Jason X
Kiss of the Dragon
New Police Story
Ninja in the Dragon's Den
Once Upon a Time in China
Operation Scorpio
Pedicab Driver
Police Story II
Prodigal Son
Star Wars Episode I
Supercop
The Defender
The One
The Protector
The Quest
The Young Master
True Legend
Twin Warriors
Undisputed II
Undisputed III
Wheels On Meals
Who Am I

Notably missing are any scenes with Bruce Lee in them. They are well known as they are and they'd probably deserve a collection of their own. Also missing are scenes from some of the better and more recent Asian martial arts movies like "Kung-Fu Hustle", "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" or "Reign of Assassins" and some of the more Hollywood style movies like "Kill Bill vol 1", "Kill Bill vol 2", "The Matrix", "Kick Ass" and "Scott Pilgrim vs The World". Those movies are too much of a complete package and the fights in those movies work best within the context and backdrop of the movie. The fight scenes alone wouldn't do justice to those movies, so if you haven't seen some of them, do yourself a favour and see them in their entirety.

If you find that some of the clips don't play in your regular multimedia player, I suggest using VLC Player.

tonyx