Evil Angel - Fresh Meat 29 - John Leslie [DvdRip].avi

Description:
Legendary director John Leslie's untimely passing leaves the porn world missing his erotic creativity, but he left us with a few movies' worth of unreleased scenes that reaffirm the artistry and naked lust of his filmmaking. In the brand new Fresh Meat 29 we get the latest example of his knack for casting and presenting the XXX world's finest looking, most dirty-minded young babes. The first two scenes are related: Shazia Sahari shows us how enticing Middle-Eastern pussy can be when it's not confined to a burqa. Silky-haired Shazia's actually very Americanized, from her Valley Girl accent to the matter-of-factly slutty attitude that motivates her to seduce her roommate's boyfriend. Sultry redhead Brooklyn Lee catches them in the act, but nasty Shazia just keeps grinding on the thick cock (and smirking). In the second scene the lush-lipped Ms. Lee takes out her sexual frustration on a big, blue dildo and then Mick Blue. With her asshole impaled on cock, she masturbates and stuffs four fingers up her snatch! And incorrigible Brooklyn sucks Mick's prick pulled fresh and tangy from her own butthole. He jerks his jism onto the slut's pouting mouth and face. Frisky bisexual blondes Rebecca Blue and Nicole Aniston eat each other's pussy and use Mark Wood's cock as their toy. The teasing hotties satisfy their cunts with a round robin of fucking/sucking/face-sitting, and Rebecca slurps the wad Mark blasts on her face and Nicole's cute butt. Strawberry blonde Katie Summers guesses that her boyfriend likes the idea of watching her take strange cock. When their new male roommate catches them screwing, they make it an aggressive, sexually tense threesome. The boyfriend chokes her out and both cocks nail girlfriend's asshole before heavily spunking her mouth, face and tits.
John Leslie's Fresh Meat 29 is a single-disc DVD with cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.

Cast:
Brooklyn Lee, Katie Summers, Rebecca Blue, Nicole Anistona, Shazia Sahari

Resolution:   576x320      

Duration:     aprox 02:30      
	
Size:	      1.36 Gb    

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-E673_4D7B53B2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-5ECE_4D7B53B2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-47E4_4D7B53B2.html