proper rip eac secure cue log scans

Track listing

1. "Mysterons" – 5:02
2. "Sour Times" – 4:11
3. "Strangers" – 3:55
4. "It Could Be Sweet" – 4:16
5. "Wandering Star" – 4:51
6. "It's a Fire" – 3:48 (not on UK edition)
7. "Numb" – 3:54
8. "Roads" – 5:02
9. "Pedestal" – 3:39
10. "Biscuit" – 5:01
11. "Glory Box" – 5:06

Bonus tracks on 1995 Go! Beat edition (Discogs)
12. "Sour Sour Times" with hidden track "Theme from 'To Kill a Dead Man' " - 8:30

Wikipedia wrote:

    Dummy, released in 1994, is the debut album of the Bristol-based group Portishead.

    Building on the promise of their earlier EP, "Numb", it helped to cement the reputation of Bristol as the capital of "Trip hop", a nascent genre which was then often referred to simply as "the Bristol sound".

    Now considered to be a classic of the genre, and regarded by many critics as one of the most influential albums of the 1990s, Dummy is arguably darker in tone than much of the music it later inspired.

    In addition to the already released "Numb", the album spawned two further singles: "Sour Times" and "Glory Box".

    It won the 1995 Mercury Music Prize, beating stiff competition which included PJ Harvey's To Bring You My Love, Oasis' Definitely Maybe, and Tricky's Maxinquaye.

    The album has sold 2 million copies in Europe.



John Bush, AllMusic wrote:

    Portishead's album debut is a brilliant, surprisingly natural synthesis of claustrophobic spy soundtracks, dark breakbeats inspired by frontman Geoff Barrow's love of hip-hop, and a vocalist (Beth Gibbons) in the classic confessional singer/songwriter mold. Beginning with the otherworldly theremin and martial beats of "Mysterons," Dummy hits an early high with "Sour Times," a post-modern torch song driven by a Lalo Schifrin sample. The chilling atmospheres conjured by Adrian Utley's excellent guitar work and Barrow's turntables and keyboards prove the perfect foil for Gibbons, who balances sultriness and melancholia in equal measure. Occasionally reminiscent of a torchier version of Sade, Gibbons provides a clear focus for these songs, with Barrow and company behind her laying down one of the best full-length productions ever heard in the dance world. Where previous acts like Massive Attack had attracted dance heads in the main, Portishead crossed over to an American, alternative audience, connecting with the legion of angst-ridden indie fans as well. Better than any album before it, Dummy merged the pinpoint-precise productions of the dance world with pop hallmarks like great songwriting and excellent vocal performances.