Trillian 5.1 Build 15 Pro-LT
(Special thanks goes out to billytheman2003 for finding the patcher and to deepzero for making it)

Release Date: 11-07-2011
Build Date: 11-06-2011
URL: http://www.trillian.im/
Build Info: http://blog.trillian.im/?p=2366
OS: WINALL

Description:
Trillian 5.1 can connect to AIM, Bonjour, Facebook, Foursquare, IRC, LinkedIn, MyspaceIM, Skype, Twitter, Windows Live Messenger, XMPP/Google Talk/Jabber, and Yahoo!.

Today we’re moving Trillian 5.1 for Windows out of the labs and into release status! Trillian 5.1 is the first version of Trillian to be officially “plugged into Skype” courtesy of the great new SkypeKit for Desktop. This means you can run Skype directly inside of Trillian without having to keep the original client running! Trillian 5.1 also features a modernized activity history viewer, the ability to send pictures on all services, and a bunch of other great features and important bugfixes.

Trillian 5.1 introduces:
Native Skype integration.
A refreshed chat history design.
The ability to send images on all chat services.
AIM and ICQ plugin updates.
Twitter user streams and other misc new features.
A host of other minor bugfixes and improvements.

Trillian 5.1 Build 15 notes:
Another minor batch of bugfixes is being released in build 13. This build should behave better with iTunes 10.5 – thanks to everyone who reported this bug. Enjoy the build!
UPDATE: We’ve released build 14 with a bugfix for Cyrillic history searching.
UPDATE: Another build, 15, to fix this morning’s AIM/IMAP crash.

Install Notes: 
1. Install Trillian. (trillian-v5.1.0.15.exe) (Be careful and decline 3rd party softwares during install) !DO NOT launch when install finishes!
2. Copy/Paste patch (trillian.5.1.x-patch.u1.exe) into installation directory and run it. (you can uncheck backup if you like)

Other Notes:
If you are new to Trillian you must register a new account. Upon opening Trillian for the first time, press Register for a new account and continue through the rest of signup with actual info.



Enjoy! Upload anywhere else you like. :)