Set in the days of classical civilizations, players will select from one of five armies; the Greeks, the Romans, the Egyptians, the Carthaginians, and the Persians. Their goal? To conquer the known world! (which at that time consisted of little more than some of Europe and a bit North Africa). To do this, players will move their armies across the map, conquering different countries as they go. They’ll set up cities, build fortifications and barracks to train different types of military personnel, and venture forth to become the top dog of the ancient world.
 
http://www.gamezebo.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/medium/games/3936/TTE-Capture4.JPG 
http://www.gamezebo.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/medium/games/3936/TTE-Capture5.JPG

Once your army encounters an opposing army (or barbarians residing in unclaimed territory), you’ll do battle by playing a lengthy round of match-3. I say lengthy because, unlike most match-3 games where you’re simply looking to make the next match as quickly as possible, Tiny Token Empires forces you to rethink the way match-3 is played. Each member of your army will have a power meter, and that meter will be attached to a certain color on the match-3 board. Every time that color is matched, their power will increase. Once full, you can choose to unleash a devastating attack on the opposing army.
While it sounds simple, there’s a good deal of strategy that goes into every turn. For example, if you have two of the same military type in your army – let’s say they both use red – then matching red could be a good move because you’ll power up two troops simultaneously. Or maybe you can’t find any helpful matches – so what does your opponent need to match? Can you steal their next move?
Different troops have different strengths and weaknesses, and heroes can have special artifacts that will benefit different members of your squadron. Combine that with other on-board bonuses, like how matching 4 nets you an extra turn, and you’ve just turned match-3 gameplay into something that now requires a surprising amount of strategy and thought.
If doing this turn after turn isn’t up your alley though, the developers have provided a handy shortcut. You can click a button to simulate the match, and it will give you the most likely outcome given the combatants both sides have committed. It’s never going to perform as well as a player potentially could, but if you’re looking to speed things along, the value of this can’t be understated.