CCNA Voice 640-461 Official Cert Guide (2nd Edition)

Hardcover: 528 pages 
Publisher: Cisco Press; 2 edition (September 19, 2011) 
Language: English 
ISBN-10: 1587204177 
ISBN-13: 978-1587204173 
Product Dimensions: 9.2 x 7.6 x 1.3 inches 

Trust the best selling Official Cert Guide series from Cisco Press to help you learn, prepare, and practice for exam success. They are built with the objective of providing assessment, review, and practice to help ensure you are fully prepared for your certification exam. 

 

CCNA Voice 640-461 Official Cert Guide presents you with an organized test preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. “Do I Know This Already?” quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly. 

Master Cisco CCNA Voice 640-461 exam topics
Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
Review key concepts with exam preparation tasks
Practice with realistic exam questions on the CD-ROM
CCNA Voice 640-461 Official Cert Guide focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNA Voice ICOMM exam. Senior voice consultants and trainers Jeremy Cioara and Michael Valentine share preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

 

The companion CD-ROM contains a powerful Pearson IT Certification Practice Test engine that enables you to focus on individual topic areas or take a complete, timed exam. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a module-by-module basis, laying out a complete assessment of your knowledge to help you focus your study where it is needed most. 

 

Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, comprehensive design scenarios, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

 

The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNA Voice exam, including:

Voice and data convergence 
IP phone connections to the LAN infrastructure 
Cisco Unified Communications Manager Express 
CUCM Express IP phone configuration and voice productivity features 
Gateways and trunks 
Cisco Unity Express 
Smart Business Communications System 
UC500 series for voice
CCNA Voice 640-461 Official Cert Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

 

The print edition of the CCNA Voice 640-461 Official Cert Guide contains two free, complete practice exam.

 

Pearson IT Certification Practice Test minimum system requirements: 

Windows XP (SP3), Windows Vista (SP2), or Windows 7; 

Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0 Client;

Microsoft SQL Server Compact 4.0; 

Pentium class 1GHz processor (or equivalent); 

512 MB RAM; 

650 MB disc space plus 50 MB for each downloaded practice exam


 

Also available from Cisco Press for Cisco CCNA Voice study is the CCNA Voice 640-461 Official Cert Guide Premium Edition eBook and Practice Test. This digital-only certification preparation product combines an eBook with enhanced Pearson IT Certification Practice Test. 

 

This integrated learning package: 


Allows you to focus on individual topic areas or take complete, timed exams
Includes direct links from each question to detailed tutorials to help you understand the concepts behind the questions
Provides unique sets of exam-realistic practice questions
Tracks your performance and provides feedback on a module-by-module basis, laying out a complete assessment of your knowledge to help you focus your study where it is needed most
 

