I can remember when this album was current!
It was late 1975 going into '76 and the local
radio station were I lived at the time did
something really unique, and without any other
warning but to say "In a minute, some new sounds
from Parliament!" After a long commercial break,
they just came in with "Uh-good evening!..
Uh-Do not attempt to adjust your radio,
there is nothing wrong!...."
And from the opening track..
"P-Funk (Wants To Get Funked Up!)
to the closing track..
"Night Of The Thumpasaurus Peoples",
it seemed as though our local radio station
had been indeed taken over by funky freaked-out,
hip, witty & urbane spaced-out extra-terrestrial
pimps of the new groove known as "P-Funk",
which was like an underground cult & revolution
with its own slang, catch phrases, etc.
much like hip-hop (definitely the renegade child
of the Funk / R&B Soul of the late 60's to mid 70's!!)
later became to this generation!

Mind you, this was before MTV, BET or VH-1,
so THE MUSIC had to be visual and original to
inspire your imagination to create your own videos!
And then of course, there was the "P-Funk Earth Tour" which took
Parliament / Funkadelic, Bootsy's Rubberband, The Brides Of Funkenstein, etc.
on the road in a lavishly outrageous stage extravaganza
that could've definitely stood along with rock acts
of the day like KISS, David Bowie, Elton John,
Alice Cooper, etc. in it's theatricality!
This album was the one that set it off for the
P-Funk dynasty and cemented their place,
albeit far too underrated today, in pop history!!
I had this on LP & 8-track in the 70's, on cassette in
the 80's, and on CD since the early 2000's!!
P-Funk Never Dies!! (-:
Again, EVERY TRACK ON HERE WAS and IS STILL BANGIN!!
"Tear The Roof Off The Sucker (Give Up The Funk!)" became
their first gold-selling single, peaking at #5 on the R&B
charts and also doing well on the pop charts as well.
It became like their anthem during concerts during the
'76-'78 era, played after the fervor following the landing
of the Mothership onstage and the arrival of Dr. Funkenstein!! 

Tomorrow I start adding some post Funkadelic/Parliament efforts by George Clinton, the father of them all, in .flac of course.

Enjoy and please seed. Share the funk!