 http://www.imgcafe.com/view/uploads/legopirate.jpg

LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean-SKIDROW

14-05-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.............SecuROM
Action...............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game re-creates the action adventure and memorable moments of the Pirates of the Caribbean
mythology in LEGO form, incorporating the humour of LEGO minifigures and fantastic worlds built from LEGO bricks and elements for
players to explore

Players can take on the roles of more than 70 characters and experience the pirate adventure, irreverent humour and amazing creatures of
the Pirates of the Caribbean films, through action-adventure gameplay and hilariously quirky LEGO cut scenes. Throughout the game, players
will also have the freedom to explore environments from the highly acclaimed movie series in more than 20 levels. The game features two-player
cooperative mode, in which players each control a character to experience the story together, and freeplay mode, which lets players return to
levels to discover new items

Features:

Experience the swashbuckling adventure, irreverent humor, memorable characters and amazing creatures of the Pirates of the Caribbean
universe

Play as Jack Sparrow, Captain Barbossa, Davy Jones and all of your other favorite Pirates of the Caribbean characters each with their own
personalities and abilities!

Immerse yourself in your favorite sequences from all four Pirates of The Caribbean films in an all-new way
with the LEGO twist that takes players from the port of San Juan to the pirate haven of Tortuga and everywhere in-between!

Local Co-op play, one of the most beloved features of the LEGO video game series, returns to allow you to team up and enjoy the adventure
with others!

Replay the story levels as different characters in Free-Play mode, and search for new areas to explore, new puzzles to solve and even buried
treasure to uncover

All new character platform abilities from high flying sword battles at the top of a ship s mast to perilous acrobatics in assorted locales
the action is taken to an all new level

All new transform and rebuild abilities

All new underwater game play expands the exploration and the adventure

Take control of the Black Pearl and the Flying Dutchman in all new bonus levels

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game

eNJOY!

Screens :
 
http://www.imgcafe.com/view/uploads/pic1d542f6.jpg 
http://www.imgcafe.com/view/uploads/pic8a15883.jpg 
http://www.imgcafe.com/view/uploads/picb397258.jpg