Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Surfing on a Rocket is an EP by the French electronica duo Air, released in the United States on October 19, 2004.

The song was featured on EA Sports' FIFA Football 2005.

Talkie Walkie is the fourth full-length album by Air, released on January 27, 2004. The album was possibly named after the song "Le Talkie Walkie" by Serge Gainsbourg, a known influence of the duo. The track "Alone in Kyoto" was featured on the soundtrack to the 2003 film Lost in Translation and the track "Run" was used in the Veronica Mars episode Nobody Puts Baby in a Corner. This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions. "Talkie-walkie" is French for walkie-talkie.

Air is a music duo from Versailles, France, consisting of Nicolas Godin and Jean-Benoît Dunckel. From the name Air is derived the backronym Amour, Imagination, Rêve which translates to Love, Imagination, Dream.

Air's debut EP, Premiers Symptômes, was followed by the critically acclaimed album Moon Safari, the re-release of Premiers Symptômes, The Virgin Suicides score, and subsequently albums 10 000 Hz Legend, Everybody Hertz, Talkie Walkie, Pocket Symphony and Love 2.

Air's music is often referred to as electronica; their form of electronic music was influenced by the synthesizer sounds of the 1970s such as Jean Michel Jarre, Vangelis and Francis Lai. Other influences include psychedelic rock pioneers Pink Floyd; film composer Ennio Morricone; krautrockers Tangerine Dream; early pioneers of the eurodance electronica subgenre Space; Jean-Jacques Perrey (although there are some echoes of dance music styles in the production); French crooner Serge Gainsbourg (Histoire de Melody Nelson, for example); and soft rock duo The Carpenters (Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft, for example).

Air use many of their studio instruments (like Moog synthesizers, the Korg MS-20, Wurlitzer and Vocoder) live on stage, where their ability to improvise is more clearly highlighted. The band performs the well-known tracks from the albums live as extended or altered versions. Air often works together, both in the studio and live on stage, with artists like Beth Hirsch (Moon Safari), Françoise Hardy ("Jeanne"), Jean-Jacques Perrey ("Cosmic Bird"), Gordon Tracks ("Playground Love" and "Easy Going Woman" - Gordon Tracks is a pseudonym of the French singer Thomas Mars from Phoenix), Beck (10 000 Hz Legend), on the 2004 tour with Dave Palmer and on the 2007 tour with drummer Earl Harvin, Vincent Taurelle and Steve Jones.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/