Fleetwood Mac are a British-American rock band formed in 1967 in London.

The only original member present in the band is its eponymous drummer, Mick Fleetwood. Despite band founder Peter Green naming the group by combining the surnames of two of his former bandmates (Fleetwood, McVie) from John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, bassist John McVie played neither on their first single nor at their first concerts. The keyboardist, Christine McVie, has, to date, appeared on all but two albums, either as a member or as a session musician. She also supplied the artwork for the album Kiln House.

The two most successful periods for the band were during the late 1960s British blues boom, when they were led by guitarist Peter Green and achieved a UK number one with Albatross, and from 1975 to 1987, with more pop-orientation, featuring Christine McVie, Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks. Fleetwood Mac's second album after the incorporation of Nicks and Buckingham, 1977's Rumours, produced four U.S. Top 10 singles (including Nicks' song Dreams, which was the band's first and only U.S. number one) and remained at No.1 on the American albums chart for 31 weeks, as well as reaching the top spot in various countries around the world. To date the album has sold over 40 million copies worldwide, making it the ninth highest selling album of all time.

The band enjoyed more modest success in the intervening period between 1971 and 1974, with the line-up including Bob Welch, and also during the 1990s which saw more personnel changes before the return of Nicks and Buckingham in 1997, and more recently, the departure of Christine McVie.

- - -

The Rumours line-up of Fleetwood Mac recorded one more album for the time being, Tango in the Night, in 1987. Initially, as with various other Fleetwood Mac albums, the material started off as a Buckingham solo album before becoming a group project. The album went on to become their best-selling release since Rumours, especially in the UK where it hit no. 1 three times over the following year. The album sold three million copies in the USA and contained four hits, Christine McVie's Little Lies and Everywhere (the former being co-written with McVie's new husband Eddy Quintela), Sandy Stewart and Stevie Nicks's Seven Wonders, and Lindsey Buckingham's Big Love. Family Man and Isn't It Midnight were also released as singles, with lesser success. (wikipedia)

- - -
 
Fleetwood Mac - Tango in the Night 1987
(Warner Bros. Records)

 1. Big Love
 2. Seven Wonders
 3. Everywhere
 4. Caroline
 5. Tango In The Night
 6. Mystified
 7. Little Lies
 8. Family Man
 9. Welcome To The Room Sara
10. Isn't It Midnight
11. When I See You Again
12. You And I Part II
