To be able to read the cbr files you will need a comic reader program.

I use ComicRack! You can download it from there site. http://comicrack.cyolito.com/


Charmed Comics Season Nine! Issue 0-13


Issue #	Title	Synopsis	Release Date

0.	The Sourcebook	This sourcebook serves as a prequel to the comic book series and is a must for fans of the show or anyone who wants to catch up on the Charmed universe.	June 16, 2010

1.	Charmed Lives	The Girls are back in town! The Charmed ones return in this brand new fantasy series from Zenescope that picks up where the series left off. Claiming their victory in the battle against evil, Piper, Phoebe, and Paige were free to settle into the future with their husbands and children, destined to live out the happily ever after they had so rightfully earned...or so they thought.	July 21, 2010

2.	No Rest For the Wicca	As the charmed ones go about settling into their new lives forces from the underworld prepare to unleash a power that will destroy the sisters once and for all. Meanwhile Paige accepts a new position and learns the hard way that teaching isnt the easiest job...Phoebe and Piper attend the funeral of Brittany, the first innocent they ever saved, only to find that her death may herald the beginning of something terrifying that will endanger the lives of all the innocents and Charmed Ones themselves.	September 1, 2010

3.	Innocents Lost	Someone...or something is hunting down the innocents that have been saved by the Charmed Ones and murdering them in cold blood. As Piper, Phoebe and Paige race to save the remaining innocents the forces of the underworld continue to gather the last remaining ingredients that will complete the ritual that will bring back the greatest foe the Charmed ones have ever faced. An enemy so powerful not even the Power of Three may be able to stop it from destroying us all.	October 6, 2010

4.	Mortal Enemies	To keep them safe from harm, the Charmed ones bring the remaining innocents back to the manor. But little do they know the Source has returned and cast a spell turning every innocent in the entire city against them...Even as they fight to survive, the Charmed Ones learn that the source has planned his arrival at the perfect time to destroy the power of three once and for all.	December 15, 2010

5.	Unnatural Resources	The Charmed Ones face off against an ancient evil with an army of minions that present Piper, Phoebe, and Paige with their greatest challenge ever. These forces of evil are bent on destruction, tearing apart the Halliwell family, and possibly keeping Piper from ever opening her restaurant.	January 19, 2011

6.	Morality Bites... Back	Almost a decade ago Phoebe Halliwell saw a future in which she was publicly burned at the stake for killing a mortal that murdered her friend. Now as the time approaches for her premonition to play itself out, what can she do, if anything, to stop it? Phoebe questions whether the events are destined to play out the way she saw them or if enough has changed to save both her friends life as well as her own. Dont miss this shocking one-shot issue that will have you on the edge of your seat!	February 16, 2011

7.	The Heir Up There	Piper is distraught when she finds that her baby daughter has the same orbing power as her part-Whitelighter aunt Paige and worries that it could put her children at risk again as it did when Wyatt was born. Leo decides to make a visit to the Elders for an explanation and is given an intriguing offer but one that would seriously affect his future with Piper. Meanwhile Neena has teamed up with a Darklighter as the two set forth on a Whitelighter killing spree in order to absorb their abilities. Now that she has taken control of the Underworld, Neena has set her sights on the Upper Regions and things are about to heat up!	March 2, 2011

8.	Oh, Henry	An Innocent homeless teen in San Francisco falls victim to a stray arrow during the Darklighters attack on a Whitelighter. The pregnant teen is dead, but Paige manages to save the girls baby by orbing the child out of the body immediately. Neena finally reveals herself to the Charmed Ones while taking on an Elder directly on the streets of San Francisco. During the battle, Neena sends Piper into the void that she sent the Angel of Destiny in Issue 1. Phoebe and Paige want to stay to fight the stranger and rescue their sister, but Leo forces them to flee.	March 16, 2011

9.	The All or Nothing	A family member lost. The Elders under siege. An unstoppable force about to wreak havoc on the world! Leo must reveal an ancient secret to The Charmed Ones about the very source of their craft and the true origins of the magic they possess if they have any chance of defeating their latest threat.	May 25, 2011

10.	Three Little Wiccans	With the Power of Three torn asunder, Phoebe and Paige work to bring their family back together. But a tragically ill-advised plan pulls The Charmed Ones further apart and could leave one of the sisters lost forever.	June 8, 2011

11.	Last Witch Effort	Alone. Out of options. Out of time. A decision is made that could affect The Power of Three and irrevocably change The Charmed Ones forever. Humanity hangs in the balance in the coming showdown between good and evil.	June 22, 2011

12.	The Charmed Offensive	The Charmed Ones and Leo face down impossible challenges in a battle to reclaim the Heavens, conquer the Underworld, and save the Earth. Its a fight thats been brewing since long before the prophecy of The Charmed Ones was foreseen and building since the first issue of the comic book. When this battle ends the Charmed universe may never look the same.	July 27, 2011

13.	Pipers Place	Owning a restaurant of her very own has been Pipers dream for years. Now its finally real. Opening night is a huge success and shes the talk of the town, but the additional workload—along with the magical turmoil of late has taken a toll on her family life. A childs misguided spell has disastrous results as Piper learns whether or not she can truly have it all while she copes with a situation that would leave other moms quaking in their shoes.	September 7, 2011

Enjoy! :)