All are unabridged and of CD quality. They are all narrated by Gordon Griffin. 

 

#1. The Sixth Lamentation [2003] 13 hours 46 mins (CD) (48kbps / 44 kHz Mono CBR Fraunhofer)
What should you do if the world has turned against you? When Father Anselm is asked this question by an old man at Larkwood Priory, his response, to claim sanctuary, is to have greater resonance than he could ever have imagined. For that evening the old man returns, demanding the protection of the church. His name is Eduard Schwermann and he is wanted by the police as a suspected war criminal. With her life running out, Agnes Aubret feels it is time to unburden to her granddaughter Lucy the secrets she has been carrying for so long. Fifty years earlier, Agnes had been living in occupied Paris, a member of a small group risking their lives to smuggle Jewish children to safety - until they were exposed by a young SS Officer: Eduard Schwermann. As Anselm attempts to uncover Schwermann's past, and as Lucy's search into her grandmother's history continues, their investigations dovetail to reveal a remarkable story.

#2. The Gardens of the Dead [2006] 12 hours 27 mins (ED) (48kbps / 22 kHz JS CBR LAME)
In his first novel, THE SIXTH LAMENTATION, William Brodrick introduced Father Anselm, the barrister turned monk who found himself plunged into the tangled history of occupied Paris. Now, in THE GARDENS OF THE DEAD, Father Anselm is brought back to his own past at the Bar, and someone else's secrets. Elizabeth Glendinning QC has lost faith in the legal system to which she has given her life. In an attempt to restore it, she has secretly devised a scheme to bring a guilty man back to court -- Graham Riley, whom she had successfully defended some ten years previously. As part of an elaborate contingency plan, Elizabeth leaves the unsuspecting Anselm with a key to a safety deposit box, to be opened in the event of her death. Three weeks later she is found dead in the East End of London. Once the box has been opened, a chain of events is triggered as if from beyond the grave, and Anselm is led to fulfil what Elizabeth has begun.

#3. A Whispered Name [2008] 13 hours 40 mins (ED) (48kbps / 22 kHz JS CBR LAME)
'To keep quiet about something so important... well, it's almost a lie, wouldn't you say?' When Father Anselm meets Kate Seymour in the cemetery at Larkwood, he is dismayed to hear her allegation. Herbert Moore had been one of the founding fathers of the Priory, revered by all who met him, a man who'd shaped Anselm's own vocation. The idea that someone could look on his grave and speak of a lie is inconceivable. But Anselm soon learns that Herbert did indeed have secrets in his past that he kept hidden all his life. In 1917, during the terrible slaughter of the Passchendaele campaign, a soldier faced a court martial for desertion. Herbert, charged with a responsibility that would change the course of his life, sat upon the panel that judged him. In coming to understand the court martial, Anselm discovers its true significance: a secret victory that transformed the young Captain Moore and shone a light upon the horror of war.

* The author William Brodrick, in a career change that reverses Father Anselm's, was an Augustinian friar before leaving in order to become a practicing barrister, then a writer.


Enjoy and Seed!!