 http://bayimg.com/GAHnGAadi

Mister Buddwing (1966) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059453/

Mister Buddwing is a 1966 American film drama starring James Garner, directed by Delbert Mann.

It is the story of a well-dressed man who finds himself on a bench in Central Park with no idea of who he is. He proceeds to wander around Manhattan meeting women (Jean Simmons, Suzanne Pleshette, Katharine Ross, Angela Lansbury) as he desperately tries to figure out his own identity.

Based on the 1964 novel Buddwing by Evan Hunter, the evocatively shot black-and-white drama with a lively jazz musical score was written by Dale Wasserman.

  James Garner  ...  Mister Buddwing  
  Jean Simmons  ...  The Blonde  
  Suzanne Pleshette  ...  Fiddle  
  Katharine Ross  ...  Janet  
  Angela Lansbury  ...  Gloria  
  George Voskovec  ...  Shabby Old Man  
  Jack Gilford  ...  Mr. Schwartz  
  Joe Mantell  ...  1st Cab Driver  
  Raymond St. Jacques  ...  Hank  
  Ken Lynch  ...  Dan  
  Beeson Carroll  ...  Policeman  
  Billy Halop  ...  Fredrick Calabrese 2nd Cab Driver  
  Michael Hadge  ...  Counterman  
  Charles Seel  ...  Printer  
  John Tracy  ...  Tony  

An amnesia melodrama directed by Delbert Mann, Mister Buddwing (1965), recalls the theme of Hitchcock's Spellbound (1945), the thriller which started the who am I trend. Mr. Buddwing was also known by the alternate title of Woman Without a Face and was based on a novel by Evan Hunter, the author of The Blackboard Jungle. James Garner (the star of TV's Maverick) plays a man who wakes up on a Central Park bench with no clue to his identity other than a telephone number scrawled on a scrap of paper. He creates his name, Sam Buddwing, from a passing beer truck and the sight of an airplane soaring over Manhattan. 

Shot in crisp black and white on location in Manhattan, the film features Suzanne Pleshette (from the TV series, The Bob Newhart Show) as a free-spirited actress named Fiddle, Tony- Award winner Angela Lansbury (The Manchurian Candidate (1962)) as Gloria, Katharine Ross (Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969)) as Janet, Jean Simmons (Elmer Gantry (1960)) as a high-living blonde and Jack Gilford (A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum (1966)) as Mr. Schwartz. Buddwing experiences a variety of disorienting 'Manhattan scenes' as he struggles to reclaim his memory and uncover the trauma that shattered it. Nichelle Nichols (who inaugurated her role of Lt. Uhura in the television series Star Trek the following year) appears as a glamorous participant in a high-stakes craps game. You can also see Billy Halop, the leader of the original 'Dead End Kids', in a cameo role (His final film appearance was in another Delbert Mann film, Fitzwilly, 1967).

Principal photography began in New York in March of 1964, but was made difficult due to an apparent bi-coastal feud within the labor union representing some of the crew. An attorney for MGM wrote to the New York local, reporting that Assistant Director Erich Von Stroheim, Jr. (son of the famed silent film director and actor) was punched by a crew member. That same memo called director Delbert Mann the idol of our crews.. because of his (knowledge) of the craft and...lack of affectation or pompousness.

