 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0187738/

6,6



The blood coursing through Blade's veins is half-human, half-vampire, the result of a vampire attack on his mother before he was born. Blade has been working with Scud, a brilliant slacker and inventor of devious weapons, to destroy any vampires that cross their paths. The hunt for vampires takes them to the lair of Blade's sworn enemy - Vampire overlord Damaskinos, who now needs Blade to deal with a far more deadly threat than either has ever faced before. Nyssa Damaskinos's strong and darkly exotic daughter, and her co-warrior, Asad come to meet Blade to formalise a truce. They will have to work together to stop the Reapers, a Super race of vampires. A mutated form of their vampire…predecessors, the Reapers are infiltrating humanity and vampires alike with the reaper strain that will leave thousands of carriers roaming the streets in just a short time. The infected trail leads back to Patient Zero, Jared Nomak and Blade must destroy him before he and the Reapers destroy the human race. 



Director Guillermo del Toro
Certificate 18 years and over
Year 2002
Screen Widescreen 1.85:1 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1) ; DTS ES 6.1
Additional Languages Dolby Digital (2.0) Stereo: English
Subtitles Nordic Icelandic English
Duration 1 hour and 54 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Audio commentary from director Guillermo del Toro and screenwriter David S. Goyer 
Audio commentary from producer Peter Frankfurt and star Wesley Snipes 
Isolated score audio track 
'Production Workshop': A director's notebook with introduction from Guillermo del Toro 
'A Pack In Blood': Original documentaries regarding the production and storyline with an art gallery 
Deleted and alternative scenes 
Cypress Hill and Roni Size 'Child Of The Wild West' music video 
Theatrical trailers 
Original theatrical press kit 
Interactive menu 
Scene access

Actors

Wesley Snipes, Kris Kristofferson, Norman Reedus, Leonor Varela, Ron Perlman, Danny John-Jules, Daz Crawford, Donnie Yen, Karel Roden, Luke Goss & Matt Schulze

Blade II [2002 PAL DVD][En Multisubs[6]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Action från 2002 av Guillermo del Toro med Wesley Snipes och Kris Kristofferson.

Speltid 112 min
EAN-kod 7391772368362
Textning Danska Engelska Finska Isländska Norska Svenska
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1 EX)
 Engelska (Dolby Surround)
 Engelska (DTS ES 5.1)
Bild Widescreen 1.85:1 (anamorfisk)
Extra material
» Kommentarer av bland andra Guillermo Del Toro, Wesley Snipes, David Goyer
» Guillermo Del Toros dagbok
» Borttagna scener
» Trailer
» Biografier
» Featurette ? Production Workshop
» Multi-Angle Scoring Session
Lokal titel Blade 2
Orginal titel Blade II
Genre Action Skräck
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 2002
Regi Guillermo del Toro
Manus David S Goyer
