FTV Girls - Alison, Violet, Fiona & Lia - Internext Day One

Lia:  I was so impressed by our booth, and it also has more pictures of me than any other girl hehe.   Its so awesome here, a lot of networking for Chris and Rob, and I think I could make some connections here too.  We're to stay at our podium and hand out pictures and sign them to promote our site to webmasters.  I would sneek out once in a while to look at the other booths and the photographer would get upset, but I'm also promoting while I meet people here, so he should chill out.  I was very sick with a sore throat too, it just appeared last night but I'm still game.
Fiona:  Morning members!  Its like 10 in the morning when we started at the booth here in Las Vegas.  I was the first girl to show up, then Violet, then Alison, and Lia came in late.  I had my very own Fionaluv T-shirt and my own booth with a big picture of my website behind me.  People could come and talk to me, and look at my laptop with my website on it.  I would put it on a scrolling video where I'm in Hawaii on the beach playing ball naked.  I think its nice to have a video like this for my members, so you can see what its like to be at a convention that very few people ever get to see outside of the adult world.  All the people here are adult webmasters & promoters, not members or 'regular people'.   You get to see the people behind the websites that you join on the net.   Rob the photographer/videographer is taping this video and Chris is the guy in black behind the booth with a goatee.
Alison: This is my first visit to Vegas and my first convention, thats for sure.  They invited me to come because I have just done a new shoot for FTV thats supposed to appear in a few weeks and they might make a website for me like Lia's.  We were supposed to wear these butt shorts that said FTVcash on them but since Lia didn't wear hers, I didn't wear mine.  We hung out all last night, she is really cool, and since we met up a few weeks ago, we're friends now.  I brought my camera with me to take some pictures but its all so overwhelming.  The gay porn booth across from ours was kind of distracting but the guys are cute on it.
Violet:  Wow, so many people here!  How are u guys doing??  I think this is the most exciting experience for me ever.  Nobody wore their butt shorts because they are butt conscious but I'm not!  I'll get the attention from all these guys walking by, because I love what I'm doing here.  You have to enjoy the experience otherwise its just another paycheck.   I loved to show off my videos on the computer to guys and show off my newest video that u guys are going to see soon!  Its very awesome!

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_914_internextday1_preview.jpg

File Size ------- 301mb
Length ---------- 39:32
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Thanks to (anonymous) for the generous seedbox donation.