 


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - \"Conspiracy Facts\" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG





XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX




POtHS - Holy Treasures - 10 - Revealing Gods Treasure by Ron Wyatt





POtHS - Holy Treasures - 10 - Revealing Gods Treasure by Ron Wyatt




POtHS Comments on This one:   Have not viewed this movie yet..


Discription

Revealing God\'s Treasure, Featuring the Discoveries of Ron Wyatt:

Join us as we visit the biblical discoveries including Sodom and Gomorrah with cremated bone, brimstone, ash, gypsum, and man made formations near the Dead Sea. See Noah\'s Ark National Park complete with visitor\'s center and dedicated to the memory of Ron Wyatt. Yes! Noah\'s ark has been found! You will see the ark site with man-made metal, petrified wood, and the exact length as mentioned in the bible. See the anchor stones, complete with holographics chiseled on them which hung from the Ark. The Red Sea Crossing with 3,000 year old ancient column marking the location. See chariot parts and people parts on the sea floor at Nuweiba, Egypt. Mt. Sinai in Saudi Arabia with it\'s blackened and burned peak. See the large stone alter that hosted the golden calf. Visit the split rock where water flowed out for the children of Israel. (Don\'t be fooled by others claim of this find. Ron Wyatt was the first and he was the one who brought this find to the Egyptian antiquates, thus now it is fenced!) Hear about the Ark of the Covenant hidden in a cave at Jerusalem near Golgotha, the Place of the Skull, and the incredible life saving evidence that rests on the Mercy Seat. (This part is absolutely astounding!) Bonus Material: Ron Wyatt personal presentations. After the credits roll listen to the late Ron Wyatt talk of these discoveries. He worked on the sites for 22 years, making over 120 trips overseas to accomplish this work with the Lord. Many miracles took place while He worked on these discoveries. He explains the significance of the discoveries and tells of some interesting experiences. This DVD is being promoted by the family of the late Ron Wyatt. Thank you for your support!  I suggest you watch these amazing discoveries in the sequenced order of events contained within the Bible.


The Critics:

The critics have attacked the discoveries and/or Ron Wyatt for various reasons.  Some do not have the faith to believe that God can perform miracles in these last days.  Others do not believe that Ron Wyatt is telling the truth, (although we do not rely on his word alone because we have seen the evidence for ourselves, except the Ark of the Covenant.)  Other critics are inwardly jealous that one man could find all these discoveries, but they are not considering that God was the source behind the work.  But can we expect the world to believe what God is doing to prepare a show-and-tell demonstration for mankind at the end of time?  Satan is at work to counteract that which God is doing, but we know God\'s purpose will be done in spite of what the arch-deceiver is doing.  Friend, please look at the evidence and do not listen to the untruths that have been passed along in an un-Christian manner over the Internet which are designed to attack God\'s work.  The evidence is real and will allow one to decide for themselves if the discoveries are from God or Satan.  We don\'t have to wait for a scientific community to tell us what is genuine, as they did not believe in the ark before the Flood, and they still do not believe in it today.
This download contains the sessions 1-4 of the 16 part series.



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn\'t PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

\"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

\"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS






