
 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/97/83/d3df225b9da077132113f010.L.jpg


Title: Chicken -N- Beer (Clean)
Artist: Ludacris
Audio CD (October 7, 2003)
Original Release Date: 2003
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Hip-Hop
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Southern Fried Intro
02. Blow It Out
03. Stand Up
04. Splash Waterfalls
05. Hard Times
06. Diamond in the Back
07. Screwed Up
08. P-Poppin'
09. Hip Hop Quotables
10. Hoes in My Room
11. Teamwork
12. We Got
13. Eyebrows Down


Amazon Review:
Ludacris--2, Bill O'Reilly--1. The dis is mightier than the sword, and Ludacris wastes no time berating Fox News pundit Bill O'Reilly (O’Reilly enticed Pepsi to cut Ludacris off their payroll citing his lyrical irresponsibility). On "Blow It Out," he taunts his conservative right-winged adversary with lines like, "…I’ma start my own beverage/it will calm your nerves/Pepsi, The New Generation/Blow it out ya ass." Likewise, on "Hoes In My Room," a slick souled-out collabo with Snoop, he wonders aloud who could have possibly let all of these revolting groupies into his room, post-concert. O’Reilly, who else? To Ludacris’ credit, his third album is more sonically fluid and versatile than Word of Mouf. From the hypnotic first single "Stand Up" to the classy "Diamond in the Back" (yeah, we’ll forgive him this time for utilizing that vastly overused William Devaughn sample) large chunks of the album are highly listenable…subject matter notwithstanding. By the second half of the album he goes full-on debauchery, flipping bushels of potty-mouthed rhymes in poor taste; "Teamwork" is his audio rendition of what a ménage a trois might feel and sound like, while on "Hip Hop Quotables" he spits about 64 bars with no hooks, once explaining why he can’t find the right lady ("…a lot of y’all are more stuck up than tampons"). Yep, as with any Ludacris record, this one comes with a big phat caveat. If you're not down with the hoes and Heineken (please refer to one-half of album title), you might wanna cop this album and the new Jeru the Damaja for some balance.

Allmusic Review:
Audacious on his rhymes and indulgent with his appetites, Ludacris may flaunt the cartoonish side of his personality, but he isn't just another unreconstructed Southern rapper. Chicken -N- Beer, his third album (to go along with dozens of guest spots), shows a rapper balancing the weed, women, and fried chicken with shots at those who've crossed him and a look at a few celebrity perils, delivered with his lightning-quick phrasing and cutting wit. That he's able to harness all this to his usual rollicking, all-in-good-fun persona is a testament to the best rapper in the business, one of the few who's actually celebrating something -- and having a great time doing it. The steamy sex rap "Stand Up" may be the hit single, but most of the highlights here come toward the end, where Luda invites friends and family for some uproarious tracks -- producer Erick Sermon on the surrealist dozens of "Hip Hop Quotables," Snoop Dogg on a hilarious tale of the night after the show, "Hoes in My Room" (as in "Who let these hoes in my room?"), and Disturbing tha Peace partners Chingy, I-20, and Tity Boi on the hardcore gunshot "We Got." Ludacris also has a response for the doubters, on the first full track ("Blow It Out"), proclaiming, "If you mad I'm on top, then wish me gone/If you mad I'm on the road, then wish me home/And if you mad that I'm right, punk, wish me wrong/But after your third wish, blow it out your ass." And, as expected, he gets in a few digs at Bill O'Reilly, the FOX News personality who objected to him as a "thug rapper" when hired for a Pepsi ad campaign (apparently, O'Reilly is the culprit behind "Hoes in My Room"). He may not be ready for that Pepsi spot (much less a shot at prime time), but Ludacris made the best record of his career with Chicken -N- Beer.