 http://bayimg.com/PAjHdAAdE

Luther (1974) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070346/

Luther is a 1961 play by John Osborne that explored the forces that were involved in the life of Martin Luther, one of the instigators of the Protestant Reformation. Osborne was influenced by Erik Erikson's book, Young Man Luther, which had been published three years prior in 1958. In the play, Luther's reputed constipation plays a part in the course of his life and career. Osborne takes Luther to task for his Against the Murderous, Thieving Hordes of Peasants (1525), and its call for vigorous suppression of the peasants in the Peasant's war (1524–1526). He has Luther give a philosophically and theologically good answer to the challenge, consistent with Luther's own thinking. This would seem to exculpate Osborne of any accusation of being totally one-sided against Luther. Luther seems to have been a disappointment to Osborne, since he could have followed through in his life as a revolutionary. He does have Johann von Staupitz, although at a time when the historical person would have been dead at least one year, telling Luther: "We owe so much to you."

Albert Finney created the role of Luther, which he performed at the Royal Court Theatre in London and the St. James Theatre on Broadway in New York City.

The play was made into a film starring Stacy Keach, Judi Dench, Maurice Denham, Hugh Griffith, Patrick Magee, and Robert Stephens in 1974.

Luther is the 1974 film of John Osborne's biographical play, presenting the life of Martin Luther. It was one of eight in the first season of the American Film Theater's series of plays made into films. It was produced by Ely Landau, directed by British director Guy Green, and filmed at Shepperton Studios, England. Martin Luther with all of his historical significance is presented for the world to challenge and assess.

  Stacy Keach  ...  Martin Luther  
  Patrick Magee  ...  Hans  
  Hugh Griffith  ...  John Tetzel  
  Robert Stephens  ...  Johan Von Eck  
  Alan Badel  ...  Thomas De Vio  
  Julian Glover  ...  The Knight  
  Judi Dench  ...  Katherine  
  Leonard Rossiter  ...  Brother Weinand  
  Maurice Denham  ...  Johann Von Staupitz  
  Peter Cellier  ...  Prior  
  Thomas Heathcote  ...  Lucas  
  Malcolm Stoddard  ...  King Charles  
  Bruce Carstairs  ...  Duke of Saxony  
  Matthew Guinness  

John Osborne’s Luther, like many of the American Film Theatre releases, is another example of a good play that the average theatre-goer would be unlikely to ever see performed nowadays, particularly with a cast as good as the one gathered here. Released in 1973 as part of the AFT’s series of filmed drama, Luther, while not being particularly cinematic nevertheless works well in its screen adaptation mainly due to a strong central performance from Stacy Keach.

John Osborne’s Luther is a fine play on a fascinating subject that really does get to the heart (and the bowels) of its subject. It is well adapted to the screen by Guy Green in collaboration with screenwriter Edward Anhalt and cinematographer, Freddie Young (Dr Zhivago, Lawrence of Arabia), with an acting cast that includes Leonard Rossiter, Patrick Magee, Judi Dench and an excellent performance from Stacy Keach. As it doesn’t stretch much beyond the staginess of its origin, I’m not sure if it makes a great film. I had no problems myself with the format or the treatment, but perhaps I’m just used to American Film Theatre adaptations by now. Certainly I don’t know where else would you get the opportunity to see intelligent and well performed screen drama that doesn’t have to cater to a multiplex audience or financial investors. More than just ambitious, the films of the American Film Theatre successfully captured great dramatic productions with tremendous acting and filmmaking talent in a way that is unlikely to ever be repeated and Luther is a fine example of that achievement. 

There can be few complaints about the staging and performance of Luther, which makes great use of a number of fine British actors and has a strong lead in Stacy Keach. Not just chosen as an attraction for the American audience the film was certainly geared towards, Keach is a classically trained stage actor and is simply superb here as Martin Luther. It’s a meaty role in a substantial play with some terrific dialogue, so there must be a great temptation for the actor to grandstand and play the role with a firebrand-ish zeal but here Keach downplays, showing a character torn apart by inner doubts about his own faith, yet finding a voice for those doubts and a determination to express them. His delivery of the line I listened for God’s voice, but all I could hear was my own is an impeccable example of this – spoken not with the expected tortured exasperation, but with true humility and regret. It’s a great performance in a strong play that captures the earthy nature of Lutheran thought and the scatological expression of his views, finding enlightenment and release for his views in the cleansing of his bowels. The play is well-staged in the cinema adaptation. There is no real opening-out of the drama, but there is no need for it either – the film works on the strength of the script and the performances and the invisible transitions carefully crafted by the director that help the whole film flow marvellously. 

