presenting s n e a k _ s h o t 



release date : 11-05-2011


discription:


Brink is a first-person shooter with a focus on viral-style marketing. Online multiplayer servers hold up to 16 players; players can play cooperatively or competitively, or against artificially-intelligent bots.




Splash Damage developed the SMART (Smooth Movement Across Random Terrain) System.[9] By noting a player's position and predicting what he is trying to do, the system lets players navigate complex environments without equally complex input.




There are four character classes: the Soldier, the Medic, the Engineer, and the Operative. [10] The Soldier resupplies teammates and uses explosives to destroy important targets. The Engineer buffs his teammates' weapons and builds stationary turrets. The Medic heals fallen teammates and buffs their teammates' health. The Operative interrogates fallen opponents to get intel on enemy locations, performs acts of sabotage, and disguises himself as the enemy. Players can customize their characters and buy items with experience points, which are earned by completing objectives.[1] The same experience points can be earned in both single-player and multiplayer. Bethesda claims that players can create a total of 102 quadrillion unique character combinations, if minor variations are factored in.[11]




The Squad Commander system gives players context-sensitive missions. A variety of factors -- where the player is, how skilled he is, his overall mission progress, etc. -- determine what missions will be available. During both on- and offline play, the player can defend one of his faction's command posts or capture an enemy's command post.




An Objective Wheel shows the main objective in yellow and will show a checkpoint which the player will need to go to to achieve that primary goal. There are also secondary goals. Each player has one in his inventory and will, on certain missions, be timed to achieve the goal that must be completed.





The game is set in the near future on an enormous floating city called The Ark, which is situated off the coast of San Francisco and is designed to sustain humans in the event of an environmental catastrophe. The Ark was meant to house only 5,000 people, but ended up having to accommodate 50,000. Facing a lack of food, clothing, and water, many residents became dissatisfied and formed a faction called the Resistance, demanding more of these essentials. The Ark's leaders refused, so the Resistance armed themselves to seize power and freely distribute water and food, claiming that the Ark had plenty of resources.




At its inception, The Ark had little need for a security force, but the city quickly began recruitment and went on a firearm shopping spree to defend themselves against the Resistance, resulting in the creation of a powerful defence force known as Security. Now the only place on The Ark where there is any level of peace is around the central capital, where the Ark's leaders are frantically trying to contact the outside world for aid. Security sees the Resistance as a terrorist group, and the Resistance sees Security as oppressive soldiers hired by the Ark's "leaders" to crush the Resistance. Both factions are playable.


seed comment n enjoy!!!...