 http://www.uploadpix.org/images/41hqagnnel.jpg







[



How You Do... What You Do - Create Service Excellence That Wins Clients For Life 



McGraw-Hill
Bob Livingston
2008 
English
ISBN: 0071592784 
315 pages 
PDF 
11.4 MB




Between the challenges of escalating competition, well-informed clients, and dismal customer service, today's marketplace is becoming more and more crowded. The result is that your clients have more influence and choices than ever before. If you or your organization do not consistently satisfy and surpass their expectations, your clients will take their buying power elsewhere. It's that simple. But by establishing service excellence as your top strategic and cultural priority, you will foster the strong relationships needed to win--and retain--loyal clients.
In this breakthrough book, customer service expert Bob Livingston gives you practical tools for transforming your approach to serving clients by strengthening ?how you do what you do.? Whether you're a business leader, a client service executive, a sales manager, or an individual, you can differentiate yourself from competition by adopting Livingston's simple yet proven roadmap for achieving Service Excellence. In How You Do . . . What You Do, Livingston imparts a clear, step-by-step blueprint for transforming your culture, attitudes, and behaviors by illustrating how to: Develop and live your Purpose and Values Understand your clients' soft needs, and create plans to satisfy them Seek continuous improvement by stimulating creativity and innovation Keep your service-oriented culture growing Create a passion for Service Excellence Livingston draws upon a lifetime of experience in which he has achieved measurable success helping many companies shape their service cultures--most notably CROSSMARK, an international consumer products sales and marketing agency, whose remarkable transformation stands out as one of the strongest proof statements for this methodology. Throughout, Livingston benchmarks other great companies renowned for their service excellence, including Accenture, Henry & Horne, ECRM, The Nielsen Company, TBWA\Worldwide, Four Seasons, and many others. Properly executed, this compelling and inspirational approach to service virtually guarantees the client loyalty that will set you apart from competition, and distinguish you by How You Do . . . What You Do.


[/color][/quote][/b]