Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                  POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 3 - Origins - Part 02 - Beginnings

These Torrents are on 2 Free Leech High Speed Servers

Eric Hovind

Eric shows you how Darwinism and the theory of evolution are really FAITH BASED RELIGIONS. Yup it take more Faith to believe in Evolution the Jesus Christ. Evolutions theory has not ONE FACT in it that can be proved with science. However the Bible is FULL OF SCIENCE FACTS. Pi and (E)are coded in The Bible. In fact the next series Chuck Missler will show you that the Bible is full of Science.In fact there is science in The Holy Bible That these Evolutionists teach in our Universities. Even Satan marveled at Gods work.


Our Government of The People, by The People and for The People did not like Ken claiming Tax Exemption for teaching Creation instead of Evolution. He is presently in Prison for Tax Evasion concerning his tax free status for his Creation Church. Satan does not like loosing money or the Truth being told through The Creation of Man by our God Yahweh. Say a prayer for Kent Hovind, I am sure he is saving Them in Prison right now. He probably has more free speech rights there than he did on the outside.

Origins - 02 - Beginnings - By Eric Hovind is an updated version of the Creation Seminar by his Father.

Origins - 03 - Shows how our kids are taught in College. These professors are the most closed minded people I have ever seen. They allow NO FREEDOM in the Universities for FREE THOUGHT other than their Religion of Science that absolutely zero, zip, notta single bit of Scientific Proof to their claims that my ancestors were single cells brewing in a Primeval stew of mud, rock, seawater and then it suddenly came alive. A single cell is more complicated than an aircraft carrier and it can duplicate itself with no external information needed. Can an Aircraft Carrier do that???

Origins - 04 - Genesis - In the Beginning The God Yahweh created the heavesn....Chuck Missler 24 hour Bible Study.

Origins - 05 - Take This Fossil and Lie About It.

Origins - 06 - The incredible Creature of Creation

Origins - 07 - Is There a Monkey in Your Family Tree - The Case For Creation

Origins - 08 - Irrefutable Examples of Designs in Nature

Origins - 09 - ???

More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.

Check Out POtHS 3 - Conspiracy FACTS - Have 93 parts to date. There will be more as WE are in the Middle of a WAR. The information we receive on the TV are all lies, it is a controlled media source that has nothing GOOD for you in it's programming. We have been scientifically "brain washed." Every advertising campaign you see is designed to deceive you.


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below [/size]
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                                                               POtHS
                                                                      Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS



            thankyou    thankyou    thankyou Thank You JESUS   