Marquee Moon is simply one of the 10 best hipster
records ever made. Mike, the owner of Subterranean
records in NYC, puts it squarely at #1. Every single song
on this record is stellar. It is Passionate, explorative,
and firmly on its own unique course. It is rich in
flavor, and defys deconstruction. Due to its quirky
uniqueness, this album is an acquired taste. Like a
sushi orgasm, or LSD. Several people that I have turned
on to this record, were unimpressed at first, only to
fall in love with it later. If you like the same old common,
derivative, unimaginative, over-produced, superstar crap,
then this record is not for you. The cadence of the guitar
lines in Venus De Milo are so beautiful, they will give you
chills. In the crescendo of the title track, Verlaine makes
his guitar sound like sea gulls. Elevation is taught, edgy,
and dripping with as much mood as a song can possibly be made
to hold. Some people do not respond to the herky-jerkiness
of Verlaines vocals, but they are well suited to the material.
The album has a bit of European flavor. Actually, one has to
describe this album in broad strokes, because there is no
artist that make sense to compare them to. Television blaze
their own trail. Marquee Moon is honestly and truly a classic
masterpiece, Television's jewel. The albums Adventure (2nd
release), Television (3rd release), and several Verlaine solo
albums, all have their moments, with an occasional great song,
but they all seriously pale to Marquee Moon. It deserves a place
in any desert island list. The true test, is that this record
is as relevant and effecting today, as it was in 77. One of
my fondest memories is having seen Television and Talking Heads
on the same bill at CBGB'S, a storm of epic proportions. Helpful
note: On first listen, do not play this record as background
music. Open your mind, relax, square off with your stereo, and
enjoy the swirls of passion, subtlety, vivid color, and

otherwise, ENJOY THE RIDE!

Track Listing:

1. See No Evil
2. Venus
3. Friction
4. Marquee Moon	
5. Elevation	
6. Guiding Light	
7. Prove It	
8. Torn Curtain

Enjoy and please seed.