A Guide to Garden Birds

As part of the BBC’s SPRINGWATCH event, Brett Westwood presents a practical, informative and entertaining guide to help you identify the birds in your garden at this time of year.

The trio of Brett Westwood, Stephen Moss and Chris Watson in search of the various garden birds. 

Recorded on location in the Somerset Levels, in the garden of keen birdwatcher, writer and broadcaster Stephen Moss, A Guide to Garden Birds is a helpful, practical guide to help you sort out your Blue tits from your Great Tits and your hedge sparrows from your tree sparrows. Packed with useful information and helpful tips, the series will appeal to both the complete novice, and the experienced birdwatcher who simply wants to know more about the birds in their garden. 

Joining Brett and Stephen is wildlife sound recordist, Chris Watson armed with an array of microphones to allow Brett, Stephen and listeners to eavesdrop on the songs, calls and alarm cries of the birds in the Somerset garden.

Each week, the series focuses on a different group of birds, namely Thrushes, Titmice, Finches, “Woodland Visitors” and House Guests. Not only does the series provide useful information on how to identify the various Spring–time visitors, but also discusses the behaviour of these birds, and includes tips on how to encourage more birds into your garden.

Programme 1 BBC Radio 4, Tue 22 May, 9.30am

THRUSHES: In this programme, Brett and Stephen discuss how to identify the Thrushes, namely Blackbird, one of our most beautiful songsters, Song Thrush, Mistle Thrush and Robin.

Programme 2 BBC Radio 4, Tue 29 May, 9.30am

TITMICE : Titmice are common visitors to any garden – and Brett and Stephen look out for and listen to Great Tits, Blue Tits, and Long-tailed Tits.

Programme 3 BBC Radio 4, Tue 5 June, 9.30am

FINCHES: After a relatively easy start, identifying the garden visitors starts to get tricky as Brett and Stephen tackle the finches – Greenfinch, Goldfinch, Chaffinch and Bullfinch.

Programme 4 BBC Radio 4, Tue 12 June, 9.30am

WOODLAND VISITORS: Gardens, like Stephen’s, which are planted up with trees and shrubs, particularly if they are situated near wooded areas, attract woodland specialists, and in this programme, Brett and Stephen look out for and listen to birds like the Great Spotted Woodpecker, Lesser Spotted Woodpecker, Dunnock, Wren, Woodpigeon and Collared Dove.


Programme 5 BBC Radio 4, Tue 19 June, 9.30am

HOUSE GUESTS : In the last programme of this series, Brett and Stephen look out for birds which like to visit our gardens in flocks, and even like to take up residence alongside us, nesting on our houses, including House Sparrows, Starlings, House Martins, Swallows and Swifts.



Enjoy and Seed!!