File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:43

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 4541 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.09 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Hold My Hand" is a duet between American recording artist Michael Jackson and Senegelese singer-songwriter Akon taken from Jackson's eleventh solo studio album and first posthumous release, Michael. The song was originally recorded in 2007 and was recorded by Jackson in 2007 as set to be released as the first single from Akon's 2008 album, Freedom. Akon finished recording his own vocals for the song in 2010.

On Saturday, November 20, the filming for the official video began in Tustin, California, a main filming location being the airship hangars at Marine Corps Air Station Tustin. There was a casting call posted up on Jackson's official website, saying that they were "looking for his fans of all ages who want to be a part of this iconic event.

On December 4, 2010, a 30-second teaser of the video was released on Michael Jackson's official YouTube channel and the official website. It featured clips from Jackson's Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour DVD and clips of fans dancing. Since the debut of the 30 second teaser. The video will debut at midnight December 9, 2010 on worldwide websites, including MichaelJackson.com.

The video showed Jackson in concert, Akon singing and children dancing in the dress of Jackson, as well as sentimental scenes of children, families and old people holding hands and a woman weeping. 

"Hold My Hand" is a Jackson's classic love ballads, which is a heart-stirring call to unity with a touch of a Caribbean lilt. It sways along with its gentle piano line. It is punctuated by light synthesizer effects as the inspirational verses blossom into the track's singalong chorus.

Co-writer Claude Kelly told HitQuarters that "Hold My Hand" was originally written with Whitney Houston in mind. Akon and Kelly had been in the studio working on songs for Houston's "I Look to You" album and while on his own Kelly completed the song from a track Akon had left. After hearing the song later Akon said that he loved it and wanted to keep it for himself, and so recorded his own version of it. Shortly afterwards Akon went to Las Vegas to work on what would have been Michael Jackson's next album. While there Jackson heard the song and loved it, and decided he wanted to contribute to it. When Kelly was asked what he thought it was about the song that struck a chord with both Akon and Jackson, he said that it was the song's theme of friendship and togetherness.

"Hold My Hand" was recorded by Jackson and Akon in 2007. Akon finished the rest his vocals for the song in 2010, a few days before the release. A handwritten note from Jackson belonging to his Estate indicated his desire that “Hold My Hand” be the first single on his next project. However, in its unfinished state, the song leaked out in 2008. This would be the last new song leaked during Jackson's lifetime. Due to the leak, the song was subsequently pulled from Akon's track listing for his 2008 album, Freedom.

Akon commented, “The world was not ready to hear ‘Hold My Hand’ when it leaked a couple years ago. We were devastated about it. But its time has definitely come; now in its final state, it has become an incredible, beautiful, anthemic song. I’m so proud to have had the chance to work with Michael, one of my all time idols.” Before the official release of the song, Akon stated on Twitter that the final version would have more of Jackson's vocals. The song was released globally on Monday, November 15th 2010, at 12:01am EST and was available to stream from Jackson's official website. Jackson's nephew, Taj Jackson, posted a message saying that his uncle was proud of the song. "I'll never forget that smile he had on his face as the song played through the speakers [in his room] at the Palms Hotel in Vegas."

The song is the second collaboration between the two artists and the second consecutive duet single release for Jackson, following the 2008 version of Wanna Be Startin' Somethin. That song, which was the final single release during Jackson's lifetime, proved a commercial success and charted within the top twenty in several countries.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/