DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

3-D Structural Geology: A Practical Guide to Quantitative Surface and Subsurface Map Interpretation
By Richard H. Groshong Jr.


Publisher:   Springer
Number Of Pages:   400
Publication Date:   2008-07-01
ISBN-10 / ASIN:   3540310541
ISBN-13 / EAN:   9783540310549
Binding:   Hardcover


Product Description: 
This is a handbook of practical techniques for making the best possible interpretation of geological structures at the map scale and for extracting the maximum amount of information from surface and subsurface maps. The 3-D structure is defined by internally consistent structure contour maps and cross sections of all horizons and faults. The book is directed toward the professional user who is concerned about both the accuracy of an interpretation and the speed with which it can be obtained from incomplete data. Quantitative methods are emphasized throughout, and numerous analytical solutions are given that can be easily implemented with a pocket calculator or a spreadsheet. Interpretation strategies are defined for GIS or CAD users, yet are simple enough to be done by hand. The user of this book will be able to produce better geological maps and cross sections, judge the quality of existing maps, and locate and fix mapping errors.

The second edition has been reorganized to more nearly follow the typical interpretation workflow. A significant amount of new material has been added, in particular numerous examples of 3-D models and techniques for using kinematic models to predict fault and ramp-anticline geometry. The new edition includes a CD which supplements the text in several ways. Text figures are reproduced in color and complete Tecplot models are provided for a number of representative figures. For those interested in working exercises in mapping software, xyz input files are provided in text format for many of the map-based exercises. Answers to selected exercises are included.