Description

A new standard for Mac money management
With its intuitive user interface and a full set of money management features, iBank 4 is the most complete software available for Mac personal finance. iBank 4 lets you enter and edit your transactions with ease, download your online account data, reconcile your statements, and track your investments with versatile and robust tools. 

In iBank, it's simple to split, schedule or categorize transactions. With a couple of clicks, you'll be able to create powerful, dynamic reports using iBank's flexible templates (Income & Expense, Net Worth, Forecast and more). And iBank's new envelope budgeting feature helps tailor your spending while building savings.

Simply manageable
If you're new to finance management, iBank lets you set up your accounts for checking, savings, credit cards, investments or loans in minutes. Or use iBank's set-up assistant to import your accounts and investments from previous versions of Quicken for Mac or PC, MS Money, or similar applications. 

Put your data to work
iBank lets you update accounts effortlessly, using your bank's direct connectivity for automated downloads. When that's not an option, you can simply import your data via web downloads using iBank's built-in browser. You'll do less work as you go, since iBank learns from changes and edits to your data, applying that information to future transactions. Using categorized data, you can devise specific budgets, export to tax software, or generate, print and save detailed reports. You're now on your way to managing expenses, analyzing investments and planning your financial future.

Watch your investments
Powerful investment tracking is one of iBank's leading advantages. If your holdings include stocks, bonds or mutual funds, retirement accounts such as IRAs or 401Ks, or even assets like precious metals — iBank lets you track buys, sells, splits, dividends, ROI and more. Create an Investment Summary Report for detailed analysis of your portfolio's performance, or review the Portfolio Summary Report to see your securities at a glance.

Go mobile
With iBank Mobile (sold separately at the App Store), you can use your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch to enter transactions on the go, monitor your account balances and sync wirelessly to iBank on your desktop — locally via Wi-Fi, or remotely via MobileMe. And you can sync multiple mobile devices to separate, private documents in iBank for Mac — so it works for families or business partners too.

Make taxes less taxing
Use iBank's multi-split capabilities to track paycheck deductions. Categorize tax-related and tax-deductible expenses, applying built-in U.S. tax codes (or create custom codes as needed). Create a Tax Report to analyze income, expenses and capital gains, or review Category Detail and Payee Summary Reports for additional deductions. Finally, transmit your reports as PDF documents, send files to an accountant in QIF format, or export TXF data for use with TurboTax.

Even more features
Protect personal iBank documents with passwords
Print standard, voucher and wallet checks
Download foreign exchange rates for multi-currency support
Attach digital receipts, PDFs, photos or any file to transactions
Schedule events with iCal integration
Back-up your data locally or to MobileMe
Access online tutorials, active user forums and great support

Instructions

1. Copy. app to the Applications Folder.
2. Enjoy!!!  

For those who are gettin the trial period
Register with the following:-
Name: M2V
Last Name: M2V
Email: m2v@m2v.com
Serial: IBNK3030342d3030342d30303038
(Sorry for this...)

By AJhacks aka darealthing

A Big thanks to M2V   

An important Notice to our Fans and downloaders

We AJhacks aka darealthing & Reagan07 are planning on teaming up only for you guys so that we could provide as many Apps as possible


Is this a good idea???

WE DON'T HAVE A NAME FOR THIS TEAM, WE WANT YOU GUYS TO DECIDE THE NAME FOR OUR TEAM

We are organizing a $20/- App giveaway

All you have to do is give a NAME for our team
The chosen Winner will get a $20/- App on his request …

The entries ends on 12th of FEBRUARY 2011.


Please provide the names in any of our torrent comments

Example: 
"Name of the team - and your desired name"

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Do not PM (Private Message) us.