This link is for a burnable DVD. It is in an .iso format so you will need software that can burn this. You can find many freeware programs online easily that will do this. We do not offer technical support for burning iso’s.

Sex, magick, art, film. The House of Ecstasy film production company is a place where all of these meet. We are producing erotic films with an eye for beauty and a focus on love, ecstasy and magick. If you're interested in keeping up to date with our releases join our (occasional) mailing list in the lower right hand of this page.

BABALON RISING ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ OUR FIRST REVIEW!
By shiva
(This is a review by my friend Jessica. The original can be found here.)
I had no idea what to expect when my friend Shiva announced that he and his partner, Kala, were producing and starring in an erotic film along with some close friends. I believe that one or both of them even used the word ΓΓé¼┼ôporn.ΓΓé¼┬¥ Someone who has never met Shiva may have suspected that this was simply a creative way for him to get laid by multiple women. I immediately ruled out this possibility. Some one who doesnΓΓé¼Γäót know Shiva may have expected the type of porn one can pick up anywhere. I knew not to expect any Barbie Doll figures (though Kala happens to have a gorgeous body naturally) or dildos or cum shots or basically anything nonorganic and misogynistic. So, yeah, I only knew what not to expect. Shiva is one of the most unique and intelligent people I have ever had the pleasure of knowing, not to mention his creativity and immense amount of spiritual energy, so I eagerly awaited the release of the film wondering how the mystery of content would unfold. The only clue I had is in the very title of this film, Babalon Rising. I had previously read about Jack Parsons and his experiment with CrowleyΓΓé¼Γäós powerful ritual. I suspected that the film would be laced with magick.
I was finally able to download Babalon Rising over the weekend. I sat down to watch it with a great sense of anticipation on Saturday afternoon, and, no, I didnΓΓé¼Γäót just have a hard on to see Shiva naked. I demanded something that went beyond graphic sex. The film exceeded my expectations. It, in fact, affected me quite deeply.
Babylon Rising is not laced with magick as I suspected, but rather IS magick. Sensuality, poetry, music, psychedelia, and invocation come together to create a powerful ritual, which is so intense that I broke out in goosebumps and decided to take a breather the first time I watched it. I didnΓΓé¼Γäót return to the ritual until Shiva assured me that the conclusion of the film would bring me back out of darkness and into the light, which proved to be true.
The sexual aspect of Babalon Rising is tasteful and gorgeous. No one appears to be acting. It is pure love and pleasure and joy. Unlike typical porn movies, there is much kissing and tenderness and smiling. The visual effects Shiva used for these scenes create the impression of an orgy while glorifying the beauty of the female body.
The powerful spiritual aspect of this film doesnΓΓé¼Γäót exclude those who know nothing of the occult. It, in fact, invites them to open their minds and hearts to experience something new and thrilling and perhaps even life altering. For those who are familiar with CrowleyΓΓé¼Γäós work, come revel.
I have touched upon what Babalon Rising is not and upon what it is, but I have left much to be discovered. If I have peaked your curiosity even the slightest bit I encourage you to use the below link to preview the film and order a copy. In fact, I dare you to.		