About the Game
The Class 156 DMU, also known as a Super Sprinter, was built from 1987 to 1989 by Metro-Cammell as part of the effort to replace the ageing fleet of first-generation DMUs dating back to the 1950s. The Class 156s were all built as two-car sets, each set comprising a pair of driving motor units. Powered by 6-cylinder diesel engines, Super Sprinters are rated to run at 75mph and are used mainly for suburban and short-haul branch line duties. All units have now passed from British Rail ownership into private hands, and are currently in operation with a number of train operators including Scotrail, Northern Rail, East Midlands Trains, and National Express East Anglia.

**Please note that the Cab Control driver interface cannot be used to drive the Class 156


Includes:
Advance Warning System (AWS) self-test routine.
Fully functional destination blind (operates during game-play).
Westinghouse notched brake system.
Animated cab accessories such as windows, sun blinds and arm rest.
Fully functional wheel slip protection (WSP) with realistic speedo fluctuations.
High quality audio with stereo cab sound effects.
Semi-functional “compressor speed up” feature.
Realistic cab night lighting effects.
Driver to guard buzzer.
Drivers Reminder Application (DRA).

6 liveries:
Regional Railways, Express, CT, ONE, Northern and Scotrail.


7 scenarios:
Northern in the South

First Great Western is currently suffering from a lack of Class 165 DMUs due to refurbishment. Northern Rail has offered a leading hand by hiring out two of their Class 156 DMUs for use on the Oxford to Reading section of the line.
Your task is to work the two units on an Oxford to Reading stopping service, calling all stops en route. It's wet and windy, so you must perform each stop at your best to finish at Reading on time.
Norwich Knowledge

Due to a new service starting later in the year, ONE Railway have begun operating a drivers route learning trip between Norwich Crown Point and Slough using a Class 156 DMU. Today you shall start on the Willesden Branch and head onto the GWML to Slough.
Where should they go?

The Class 156 DMU is being trialled on the Great Western Mainline leading up to the privatisation of the railway. You are joining the peak day express service from Slough into Paddington. You are then required to complete some shunt moves into the yard.
Sprinting the ECML

It's 1990 and the Class 156 DMU has been in service for a number of years. Regional Railways has a service running between Darlington and York, stopping at all stations and this particular timetable is still being tested to see how efficiently the Class 156 can run.
Midnight-moon

Take your train from Oxford to Paddington under the midnight moon light. You are the last eastbound train of the night.
Shunt move

A Class 156 DMU has just arrived into Hedborough station and this unit has been scheduled for maintenance work. Your task is to complete the shunt move into the depot.
Fault Testing

A brand-new Class 156 DMU “Super Sprinter” is on a test run at the German TestTrak. You are required today to assist with its development by driving the unit under different conditions.

System Requirements
OS: Windows XP / Vista/ 7
Processor: 1.7 GHz or faster
Memory: 512 MB RAM
Graphics: 64 MB with Pixel Shader 2.0** (AGP PCIe only)
DirectX®: Version 9.0c (Included)
Hard Drive: 6 GB of free space + 3 GB for DLC
Sound: Direct X 9.0c compatible