-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

General information:

Complete title: Solyaris.[Solaris].1972.DVDRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 1.96 GiB
Duration: 2h 46mn
Subtitle: Dutch,English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)

Storyline:

The Solaris mission has established a base on a planet that appears to host some kind of intelligence, but the details are hazy and very secret.
After the mysterious demise of one of the three scientists on the base, the main character is sent out to replace him.
He finds the station run-down and the two remaining scientists cold and secretive.
When he also encounters his wife who has been dead for seven years, he begins to appreciate the baffling nature of the alien intelligence.

You can get more info about this film at: 
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/solyaris/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069293/

Cast:

Natalya Bondarchuk ... Hari
Donatas Banionis ... Kris Kelvin
Jüri Järvet ... Dr. Snaut
Vladislav Dvorzhetsky ... Henri Berton
Nikolai Grinko ... Kelvin's Father
Anatoli Solonitsyn ... Dr. Sartorius
Olga Barnet ... Kris Kelvin's Mother (as O. Barnet)
Vitalik Kerdimun ... André Berton's son (as V. Kerdimun)
Olga Kizilova ... Gibarian's she-guest (as O. Kizilova)
Tatyana Malykh ... Kris Kelvin's niece
Aleksandr Misharin ... Shannahan, Berton's expedition host (as A. Misharin)
Bagrat Oganesyan ... Professor Trajet (as B. Oganesyan)
Tamara Ogorodnikova ... Anna, Kris Kelvin's aunt
Sos Sargsyan ... Dr. Gibarian, a physiologist (as S. Sarkisyan)
Yulian Semyonov ... Chairman of Investigation Commission (as Yu. Semyonov)

Genre: Adventure | Drama | Mystery | Romance | Sci-Fi
Director: Andrey Tarkovskiy
Rating: No Rating
Language: German | Russian
Awards: 2 wins & 2 nominations
Original source: Solaris (1972) - full Criterion restored edition

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 1 525 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 7 222 Kbps
Width : 720 pixels
Height : 304 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.35:1
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.291

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Format settings, PS : Yes
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 158 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 198 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : Front: L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

Includes Extra:

-Nine deleted and alternate scenes
-Video interviews with lead actress Natalya Bondarchuk, cinematographer Vadim Yusov, art director Mikhail Romadin, and composer Eduard Artemyev
-Documentary excerpt with Solaris author Stanislaw Lem

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.