[center][img]http://www.examiner.com/images/blog/EXID1734/images/250px-Slammy_Awards.jpg[/img][/center]

WWE.Raw.The.Slammy.Awards.12.13.10.DSR.XviD-XWT
Filename      : WWE.Raw.The.Slammy.Awards.12.13.10.DSR.XviD-XWT
Air Date      : December 13th 2010
Genre         : Wrestling
Channel       : Sky Sports
Aspect Ratio  : 16:9 (640x368)
Container     : AVI
Video Codec   : XviD
Audio Codec   : MPEG-1 Audio Layer III  (128kbs)
Video Bitrate : 1050kbps
Source        : DSR
Play Time     : 2 Hour 13 Mins
Release Size  : 1.07 GiG




[center]Championship Roll Call:
WWE Champion: The Miz
World Champion: Kane
US Champion: Daniel Bryan
IC Champion: Dolph Ziggler
Unified Diva's Champion: Natalya
WWE World Tag team Champions: Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov

Monday Night Raw
Date: December 13, 2010
Location: New Orleans Arena, New Orleans, Louisiana
Commentators: CM Punk, Michael Cole, Jerry Lawler

It's Slammy night which is almost always fun. Tonight we find out who the fans deemed the best of 2010 which should be interesting. In storyline terms tonight we have the ultimatum for Barrett: either rehire Cena and end the attacks or he's out of Nexus. Most interesting indeed. Let's get to it.

As always feel free to e-mail me if there's something you want me to elaborate on, you want to yell at me about or anything like that at kb411reviews@hotmail.com. On with the show!

There's either a new theme song or it's for the Slammys. There are tables, ladders and chairs in front of the announce table.

We open the show, I kid you not, with David Arquette. He more or less cuts a promo at the presentation table with a deep voice and talks about beating Eric Bischoff for the world title. He's booed out of the building to be nice about it. He's presenting Shocker of the Year.

Shocker of the Year

Nominees:

Miz Cashing in Money in the Bank
Nexus' Initial Attack on Raw
Paul Bearer Turns on Undertaker at Hell in a Cell
Orton Punts Jericho

Winner: Nexus' Initial Attack on Raw. That's without a doubt the right choice. The last two aren't surprises at all as Bearer constantly turns on Taker and Orton's punt meant nothing really. Miz was a shock but we all knew it was coming eventually. NO ONE saw Nexus coming.

Barrett comes out to accept on his own and says he's responsible for Nexus being here. He hasn't made his mind up about the Cena situation but he will by the end of the night. Barrett turns to leave and we get an E-Mail. In short, we're getting a match right now.

Wade Barrett vs. Big Show

Show grabs the Slammy out of Barrett's hand as he comes to the ring. Barrett hides from Show and hits the floor before any contact is made. Ah here we go as Show pounds away. Punk says Barrett is a hero for getting rid of Cena. Barrett gets a Greco-Roman thumb to the eye and goes after Show's leg. Everyone tries that strategy and it rarely works.

Show wakes up and we head outside again for a BIG chop. Barrett's back looks awful with all the welts on it. He grabs his Slammy and takes the walk for the count out at 2:45. No rating due to the shortness and the fact that a lot of that was Show setting for chops and Barrett hiding.
[/center]