
The World at War Box DVD 4-10       

 
Nu de hele geschiedenis van de Tweede Wereldoorlog op 5 dubbel DVD's met in totaal meer dan 30 uur materiaal!
U wordt getuige van de opkomst van de nazi's tot en met de overwinning op Japan. In dit complete overzicht ziet u in beeld en geluid alle feiten en gebeurtenissen in deze boeiende periode van de wereldgeschiedenis.
De gehele serie heeft een 9.9 rating op IMDB.com en is verder alom geroemd om de volledigheid, objectiviteit en punctualiteit van deze documentaire. De gehele serie wordt van commentaar voorzien van Sir Laurence Olivier.

DVD Extra's: Elke afzonderlijke DVD is voorzien van bewegende menuschermen, een fotogalerie van het Imperial War Museum; Biografieen, Kort overzicht van de Tweede Wereld Oorlog;samenvatting van de verschillende afleveringen, Toespraken, Songs, Nieuwsberichten en Overzichtskaarten.

Product Informatie DVD: Ondertiteling Nederlands, Audio Materiaal: Engels 2.0, Dolby Digital, 4:3


Engels:

A multi-volumed documentary mini-series, "The World at War" covers the entire history of World War II from the causes of the 1920s to the aftermath of the Cold War in the 1950s. 
Emphasis is also placed on several inside story episodes, where events are covered which occurred inside Germany and Japan such as resistance to Hitler, life in general under a dictatorial regime, and particular emphasis is focused on the Jewish Holocaust.





Season 1, Episode 12: Whirlwind: Bombing Germany - September 1939-April 1944
While the British continue to rely on night bombing the American forces attempt to use more dangerous but more precise daylight bombing to interdict German military production and crush the national will.

Season 1, Episode 13: Tough Old Gut: Italy - November 1942-June 1944
After driving the Germans from North Africa the Allies turn their sites on Italy. But the Italian campaign turned out to be tougher the anyone expected. American reluctance to divert resources from the planned Normandy invasion, geographic challenges and German reinforcements hinders the Allied campaign which continued until the eve of the Normandy invasion.

Season 1, Episode 14: It's a Lovely Day Tomorrow: Burma - 1942-1944
Allied forces were totally unprepared for the Japanese invasion of Burma in 1942. The Japanese quickly overran the country. Allied counter attacked using troops unfamiliar with jungle warfare which were unsuccessful against the Japanese guerrilla forces. But the Allies persisted and gradually adapted to the jungle environment. As additional forces arrived the Allies succeeded in destroying the Japanese forces.

Season 1, Episode 15: Home Fires: Britain - 1940-1944
The war effort required total commitment from British citizens stretching their bodies and spirits to the breaking point and occasionally beyond it. As a result of grim news early in the war, German bombing of British cities and disagreements on critical policies Churchill faced a no confidence vote. But extraordinary measures gradually put the kingdom on an effective war footing.






Spotinformatie
 
Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail
Audio         : Engels DD 2.0
Ondertitels   : Nederlands
Menu          : Ja
Extra's       : Ja
Genre         : Documentaire


  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071075/ 

 
http://www.theworldatwar.com/


Aangeboden door TinkerBell @ TBS