Please seed!

If you enjoy this book, please go and buy it!

From Amazon:

Product Description
Programming in Objective-C is a concise, carefully written tutorial on the basics of Objective-C and object-oriented programming for the iOS and Mac platforms.

The book makes no assumptions about prior experience with object-oriented programming languages or with the C language (which Objective-C is based upon). Because of this, both beginners and experienced programmers alike can use this book to quickly and effectively learn the fundamentals of Objective-C. Readers can also learn the concepts of object-oriented programming without having to first learn all of the intricacies of the underlying procedural language (C).

This unique approach to learning, combined with many small program examples and exercises at the end of each chapter, makes Programming in Objective-C ideally suited for either classroom use or self-study. While the Objective-C language itself has gone through little change since the introduction of Objective-C 2.0, the Apple development tools that programmers use for Objective-C development on the Mac and on iOS have changed significantly in a very short period of time.

The third edition of Programming in Objective-C includes numerous updates and improvements throughout the book:

Improved organization for some chapters
Incorporation of feedback and suggestions from members of the author's forum for readers, including more detailed descriptions for some of the examples
A new introduction to blocks with examples
Replacement of deprecated methods with newer methods
Updated diagrams and steps for using Xcode 4
From the Back Cover
Programming in Objective-C, Third Edition
An introduction to the Objective-C language for iOS and Mac OS X development

Stephen G. Kochan

Objective-C has become the standard programming language for application development on the iOS and Mac OS X platforms. A powerful yet simple object-oriented programming language thatΓΓé¼Γäós based on C, Objective-C is widely available not only on Apple platforms but across many operating systems that support the gcc compiler, including Linux, Unix, and Windows.

Programming in Objective-C provides the new programmer a complete, step-by-step introduction to the Objective-C language. The book does not assume previous experience with either C or object-oriented programming languages, and it includes many detailed, practical examples of how to put Objective-C to use in your everyday programming needs.

The third edition of Programming in Objective-C features updated and expanded coverage of the latest developments in Objective-C as well as new tools such as Xcode 4. It shows how to take advantage of the Foundation frameworkΓΓé¼Γäós rich built-in library of classes as well as how to use the latest iOS SDK to develop programs designed specifically for the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch. 