German/English ... Deutsch – warum nicht? ... German - why not?

The course Deutsch – warum nicht?, divided into four parts, tells the story of the journalism student Andreas and his invisible ex. Join the two of them on an adventure and learn German along the way! Each of the four series contains 26 lessons with dialogues, exercises and audios. THE COURSE COVERS LEVELS A1 TO B1 of the European Framework of Reference for Languages and is geared toward beginners and advanced learners. Deutsch – warum nicht? was produced by Deutsche Welle and the Goethe Institute.

Series 1
Andreas works at the Hotel Europa in Aachen in order to finance his journalism studies. Things begin to get exciting when a famous musician disappears from Room 10. Important grammar points: verb conjugation, pronouns, simple questions, accusative case.

Series 2
Andreas has a lot to do. He has to take care of the guests in the hotel, find a room for his parents and conduct an interview with Charlemagne. Besides, his parents are going to find out who ex is and where he met her. Important grammar points: modal verbs, perfect tense, dative case.

Series 3
Andreas is still working in Aachen, but Dr. Thürmann has found a new job for the future journalist. A larger and more exciting city awaits him: Berlin. Important grammar points: imperfect tense, dependent clauses, declination of adjectives.

Series 4
Andreas has completed his studies and is now ready to research his first article. His work takes him (and, of course, his mysterious ex) to former East Germany. Important grammar points: passive, dependent clauses, reflexive verbs, subjunctive.

---------------------------

Common European Framework of Reference for Languages
 
The European Framework provides a unified basis for language learning across Europe. In six standardized levels, it describes the skills a learner has at each step along the way.

Level A1 – Getting started
Learn how to communicate the basics, like where you live and what your hobbies are.

Level A2 – Communicating basic information
You can talk about basic topics and express your needs - like when you’re shopping.

Level B1 – Manage everyday situations
When traveling in Germany, you can easily deal with most situations you encounter. You can talk about your experiences and clearly state your point of view.

Level B2 – Be convincing
You can communicate spontaneously and fluently - even in longer conversations with native speakers. You can follow complicated texts and discussions and express your opinion on abstract topics.

Level C1 – Communicate freely
You don’t have to search for words and you can speak German comfortably and flexibly in any situation. You understand long, challenging texts.

Level C2 – Express demands
You understand everything you read and hear and can communicate spontaneously and fluently, conveying detailed information.
