BBC Four Documentry
Rise Up Reggae Star
Storyville - 2009-2010

Lineage:V+ HD Box>>HDMI OutPut>>Sony RDRHXD860S>>WMDVD Title & Chapter Maker>>Dvd

Quality A+

Dvd Size:1.69 GB (1,821,503,488 bytes)

Dvd Run Time:59:00

Dvd 1 Of 5 Of The BBC Four Reggae Saga

Visual Stats:

Codec:MPEG-1/2 Video (mpgv) 
Resoultion:720x576
Frame Rate:50

Audio Stat's:

Codec:A52 Audio (aka AC3) (a52)
Channels:Stereo
Sample Rate:48000 Hz
Birate:448 kb/s

Program Information

First broadcast BBC Four, 10:30PM Mon, 1 Mar 2010

On an island where reggae is considered the voice of the people and an outlet for survival, 
Rise Up Reggae Star follows three aspiring artists who seek to 'rise up' from obscurity for 
their chance at success. This documentary takes the viewer off the beaten path, far from any 
tourist attractions and sandy beaches; yet it is still able to capture the beauty and magic 
that the Island has to offer. From the deep countryside to the whirlwind ghettos of Kingston, 
no matter where you are, the film makes it evident that music is the heartbeat of the culture.
In a society where talent abounds and opportunity is scarce, Rise Up follows the very different 
lives of three artists struggling in their own unique way for their big break at stardom. 
Turbulence, the conscious ghetto youth with enough determination to move mountains; Ice, 
the young faux-gangster dancehall artist from the upper class; and Kemoy, the beautifully 
innocent country girl who barely realizes her amazing vocal gifts - their stories unfold as 
the film seamlessly interweaves their lives behind the backdrop of the bustling underground 
reggae scene of Jamaica. Five years in the making, Rise Up is able to capture the pure artistry 
and creativity of these three musicians in raw form while at the same time, able to bring the viewer 
into their personal lives, inside their most private moments, as they struggle to find their voice and 
discover their ability to overcome life's obstacles.

Program infomation From The BBC*

Ripping & Transfer & Dvd Creation, 
Dvd Title Music, Dvd Information , Screenshot's, 
And Distribution By Sean A.k.a Soul Rebel

Issued Too :www.marleyandtoshtorrents.net
Date Off Issue:18th February 2011

MD5 Included.

Do Not Remove These Notes
Keep It Lossless 
Keep A Seed
Share It Freely
Do Not Use For Tradeing
This Is Issued As Free
As Your Getting Now.
Free !

That Is All I ask Of You !!
Thank You !!
And
Enjoy !!