Hexagon.cc  http://hd.hexagon.cc  Make REQUESTS and enjoy our FREE HD Collection! :)
 
RUN.TIME.......: 59 mins x 4
SIZE...........: 2.19 GiB x 4
CONTAINER......: mkv
BIT.RATE.......: 4853 Kbps
RESOLUTION.....: 1280 x 720
AUDIO..........: AC3  2.0  48.0 KHz 448 Kbps English
IMDB.LINK......:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1842793/

Sir David Attenborough narrates this fascinating nature documentary series which profiles the variety of different species that live on the island of Madagascar. Because of its distance away from the African continent, Madagascar remained undiscovered for many years and its isolation from man has allowed it to become a hot bed of evolution. This series examines the various different animals and plants that are indigenous to Madagascar and the reason which set it apart from anywhere else on the planet.

1 - Island of Marvels

The great mystery of Madagascar is why it has such a unique and varied flora and fauna - a diversity of life that makes even the famed Galapagos Islands fade into insignificance by comparison. What is it that makes Madagascar so different from the rest of the world? This first episode finds clues from Madagascar’s extraordinary animals, plants and landscape to discover how the island’s remarkable past has produced its intriguing present, like the Tsingy - a series of jagged limestone peaks which have cut off animals in isolated gorges, allowing them to evolve into their own unique species.

2 - Lost Worlds

On the east side of the island, rugged mountains rise dramatically from the palm fringed Indian Ocean. These uplands catch drenching rains almost all year round - steep and inaccessible, they are the most diverse part of the island. "Lost Worlds" travels from the highest mountains, where trees are few and it’s cold enough for frost, through the lush, cloaking rainforests, down to the tropical coast, discovering the ringtailed lemurs, the jewelled geckos and the predatory wasps. So what is it that has made this narrow eastern strip in particular so rich in life?

3 - Land of Heat and Dust

The south of Madagascar is home to its most extraordinary landscapes - from forests of "upside down" trees, to alien "spiny deserts." In stark contrast to the east, this is a place that’s bone-dry for most of the year - but it’s extraordinarily rich in wildlife. Here only the toughest and most opportunistic survive - and some of the strategies for survival are ingenious. "Land of Heat and Dust" follows the long dry season of this arid landscape to see how life copes, as it waits for the brief rains.

4 - Attenborough and the Giant Egg

In 1961, David Attenborough was handed a very special memento while filming in Madagascar: egg fragments belonging to the largest bird ever. Now, he returns to the island and asks whether it holds the clue to saving the country’s remaining wildlife.
  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5333663/_More_720p_Movie_Torrents
MKV Playback:  http://www.cccp-project.net/download.php?type=cccp