 http://www.wowebook.com/book/jboss-in-action-configuring-the-jboss-application-server/

Book Description
JBoss in Action is the first book to focus on teaching readers in detail how to use the JBoss application server. Unlike other titles about JBoss, the authors of JBoss in Action go deeper into the advanced features and configuration of the server. In particular, it focuses on enterprise-class topics, such as high availability, security, and performance.This book walks readers through the JBoss 5 Application Server from installation to configuration to production development. It shows how to configure the server’s various component containers such as the JBoss Web Server, the EJB 3 server, and JBoss Messaging. It also provides detailed insight into configuring the various component services such as security, performance, and clustering. Beyond coverage of the core application server, the book also teaches how to use some of the “hot” technologies that run on top of the application server, such as Jboss Seam and JBoss Portal.

The authors, both seasoned professional experts at developing and administering JBoss, provide meaningful explanations and background on many topics which they tie in with their own practical, real-world advice from their collective experience. These uniquely comprehensive explanations and the wide coverage provided in this book surpass any other content currently available in any other book, article, or documentation on the subject.

About the Author
Javid Jamae started his career in software in the mid 90s programming in C, C++, and PERL, but quickly realized the virtues of the Java programming language. He is a certified JBoss instructor and teaches courses in Hibernate and the JBoss Application Server. Javid is also an Agile evangelist and spends a large portion of his time transforming, coaching, and training organizations in using Agile methodologies.

Peter Johnson started working in Java in 1998, and was lead designer on projects such as a JDBC driver for the DMSII database that runs on Unisys mainframes. For the past several years he has been chief architect on a team that does performance analysis of Java applications on large-scale Intel-based machines (i to 32 CPUs), and evaluates various open source software for enterprise readiness. Peter is a JBoss committer, working on the new admin console. Peter speaks often on Java and open-source related topics at various industry conferences.

Book Details
Paperback: 496 pages
Publisher: Manning Publications (January 28, 2009)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1933988029
ISBN-13: 978-1933988023