
Corazon Latino 2006 - Music of South America 4CD vbr (musicfromrizzo)

While there are some big names in here such as Charles Aznavour and Gloria 
Estefan, this is mainly an esoteric variety of music offering that will appeal
mainly to those with distinctly Latino style of music from South America itself.
It isn't the universal appeal of Julio in the sound of voice and style nor
is it as dramatic as the gipsy kings within Euro range of taste. It is mainly
a voice that is localized which is in use for each song so we are putting it
up here mainly for the folks who are on the South American Continental divide.

There is a bit of Tango in here, and romantic music and certainly dance tunes
for a disco like floor that is easy paced instead.

The truth be told, it is a departure from my own cultural leanings that are
Euro focused however it is familial sounding in clear respects despite
the distance that is there with the style that is used in voice quality and tone.

enjoy, those who are used to this nice enuf offering I submit!


Michael Rizzo chessman
musicfromrizzo

Agnis Jaoui - Historia De Un Amor
Agnis Jaoui - Lo Dudo
Agua Loca - Un Poco Loco
Alacran - Reflejo De Luna
Amparanoia - Dolor Dolor
Amparanoia - La Fiesta
Ana Belen - La Mentira
Ana Belen - Y Si Mapana
Andrea Revel - Clandestino
Barrire Feat. Themis - Sonhando Ipanema
Bebe - Malo
Bebe - Siempre Me Quedara
Ben E. King - Amor
Celia Cruz - Esperame En El Cielo
Celia Cruz - Te Busco
Chambao - Desconocido
Chambao Los Muchachos - De Mi Barrio Bonus Track
Compay Segundo Duet With Charles Aznavour - Morir De Amor Mourir D Aimer
Deladap - Amaro Shavo
Deladap - Dela Paji
Delinquent Habits - Tres Delinquentes Spanish Version
Dublex Inc - Mentiras Bonus Track
Eartha Kitt - Angelitos Negros
Federico Aubele - Ante Tus Ojos
Federico Aubele - Despertar
Fous De La Mer Feat. Sol Galarreta - Conmigo
Gerd - Clarao De Lua
Gloria Estefan - Hoy
Gloria Estefan - My True Love Mi Buen Amor
Gloria Lasso - Solamente Una Vez
Il Divo - Regresa A Mi Unbreak My Heart
Jon Secada - Otro Dna Mas Sin Verte
La Lupe - Puro Teatro
Lea Zafrani - Mis Ojos Puestos En Ti Cant Take My Eyes Off You
Linda Ronstadt - Cuando Me Querias Tu When You Loved Me
Lisa Nossa - Nossa Aventura
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs - Rios De Lagrimas
Los Hermanos Rigual - Cuando Calienta El Sol
Los Nipos De Sara - Cae La Nieve
Los Nipos De Sara - Mi Soledad
Los Nipos De Sara - Romance Anonimo
Luz Casal - Piensa En Mi
Marcela Morelo - Ponernos De Acuerdo
Mariza - Ha Uma Misica Do Povo
Mariza - Quando Me Sinto So
Mina - Caro
Mina - Cielo En Casa
Mo Horizons - A Mi Morena Brown Candy Mix
Monica Molina - Oh Amores
Monica Molina - Vuela
Natalia Oreiro - Rio De La Plata
Nickodemus And Osiris Feat. Carol C - Mariposa
Nino - Amor
Orishas - Mujer
Patricia Vonne - Traeme Paz
Presuntos Implicados - Amore
Reyli Barba - La Descarada
Rosario - Agua Y Sal
Rosario - Como Quieres Que Te Quiera
Rubi - La Barca
Rubin Blades - Dia A Dia
Salma Hayek - Siente Mi Amor
Sidestepper - Dame Tu Querer
Tito Larriva And Steven Hufsteter - Flor De Mal
Vicente Amigo - Tres Notas Para Decir Te Quiero
Vikki Carr - (Hate you then I love you) Grande Grande Grande
Xanti - Canhao Do Mar

