File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:06

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1500 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.22 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


Charlotte Church - Moodswings(To Come At Me Like That)(Xvid-2nafish)


This video has no logos or titles.


"Moodswings (to Come at Me like That)" is Charlotte Church's fourth and last released single from her 2005 album Tissues and Issues. "Moodswings" reached number fourteen on the UK Singles Chart in early 2006. It is her last commercially released song as of 2010.

The video has Church at different settings and in different poses- sitting down at a table, standing up and lying down some of them. During the scenes, Church's clothes change on her at regular few second intervals, and sometimes she even seems to change "form" altogether, for example, she once changes into a child. When only her face is seen, she is given different make-up and glasses, and also make-up which seems to imply injury. She is seen in one scene to walk from different places into the same room holding a sign above her head, which shows the lyrics. The video was directed by the creator of the Girls Aloud "Biology" video, and the similarities in effects and costume can clearly be seen.

Tissues and Issues is the fifth studio album by the Welsh singer Charlotte Church released by Sony BMG UK in the United Kingdom on July 11, 2005. Church states that she titled the album Tissues and Issues because "it epitomises teenage problems, which everybody goes through." The album debuted on the UK Albums Chart at number five and was accredited platinum by BPI for sales over 300,000. The album yielded Church four successful top twenty singles; "Crazy Chick", "Call My Name", "Even God" and "Moodswings (to Come at Me like That)".

The album represents a wholly new direction for the singer. Her previous album, Prelude, a 'best of' album, had concluded her classical career; Tissues and Issues is her first pop album.

The first single to be taken from the album, "Crazy Chick", released shortly before the album itself, reached number two on the UK Singles Chart. "Call My Name", the second single, reached number ten in October 2005. "Even God", the third single has debuted in the Top twenty in early December 2005. The fourth single, "Moodswings", was released on February 27, 2006, and peaked at number fourteen on the UK charts.

An early batch of the album had print errors on the right and left hand side title faces. The faces had the title "Charlotte Church : Crazy Chick", when it should have been "Charlotte Church : Tissues and Issues".

Tissues and Issues is Charlotte's last album with Sony Music UK.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
