--\"Every government has its secret service branch. America, CIA; France, Deuxième Bureau; England, MI5. NATO also has its own. A messy job? Well that\'s when they usually call on me or someone like me. Oh yes, my name is Drake, John Drake.\"



Danger Man (titled Secret Agent, Destination Danger and John Drake in non-UK markets) is a British television series that was broadcast between 1960 and 1962, and again between 1964 and 1968. The series featured Patrick McGoohan as secret agent John Drake. Ralph Smart created the programme and wrote many of the scripts. Danger Man was financed by Lew Grade\'s ITC Entertainment.

Unlike the later James Bond films, Danger Man strove for realism, dramatising credible Cold War tensions. In the second series, Drake is an undercover agent of the British external intelligence agency (called \"M9\" instead of the actual MI6). As in the earlier series, Drake finds himself in danger with not always happy outcomes; sometimes duty forces him to decisions which lead to good people suffering unfair consequences. Drake doesn\'t always do what his masters tell him.

Developing a rule established in the first series, Drake is rarely armed, though he engaged in fist fights, and the gadgets he uses are credible. In fact, most were off the shelf, and their appearance in the series spurred sales of such commercial items as the folding binoculars (Battle of the Cameras) featured in the American title sequence and the sub-miniature Minox camera. Unlike James Bond, Drake is often shown re-using gadgets from previous episodes. Among the more frequently seen are a miniature reel-to-reel 
tape recorder hidden inside the head of an electric shaver or a pack of cigarettes, and a microphone that could be embedded in a wall near the target via a shotgun-like apparatus, that used soda siphon cartridges containing CO2 as the propellant, allowing Drake to eavesdrop on conversations from a safe distance.

Agent Drake uses his intelligence, charm, and quick-thinking rather than force. He usually plays a role to infiltrate a situation, for example to scout for a travel agency, naive soldier, embittered ex-convict, brainless playboy, imperious physician, opportunistic journalist, bumbling tourist, cold-blooded mercenary, bland diplomat, smarmy pop disk jockey, precise clerk, compulsive gambler, or impeccable butler.

As Drake gets involved in a case, things are rarely as they seem. He is not infallible—he gets arrested, he makes mistakes, equipment fails, careful plans don\'t work; Drake often has to improvise an alternative plan. Sometimes investigation fails and he simply does something provocative to crack open the case. People he trusts can turn out to be untrustworthy or incompetent; he finds unexpected allies.

John Drake, unlike Bond, never romanced on-screen with any of the women, as McGoohan was determined create a family-friendly show.[3] Drake uses his immense charm in his undercover work, and women are often very attracted to him (Deadline)— but the viewer is left to assume whatever they want about Drake\'s personal life. McGoohan denounced the sexual promiscuity of James Bond and The Saint, roles he had rejected, though he had played romantic roles before Danger Man.

The only exceptions to this rule were the two \"linked episodes\" of the series, \"You\'re Not in Any Trouble, Are You?\" and \"Are You Going to be More Permanent?\" in which Drake encounters two different women, both played by Susan Hampshire, and which contain numerous similarities in dialogue and set-pieces and both 
end with Drake in a pseudo-romantic circumstance with the Hampshire character. Drake was also shown falling for the female lead in the episode \"The Black Book\" though nothing comes of it; this episode is also one of the only scripts to directly address Drake\'s loneliness in his chosen profession.

John Drake was not blind to the attraction of the opposite sex, often commenting on the prettiness of his latest associate. The implication is that it is impractical for him to launch any liaison. It was also the fact that many times the women in the show turned out to be femmes fatales, and heavily involved in the very plots Drake was fighting.

Although the villains are often killed, Drake himself rarely kills. An examination of all episodes indicates that, in the entire series, he only shoots one person dead, in one of the last half-hour episodes from the 1960 
season. While another shooting occurs in \"The Ubiquitous Mr. Lovegrove\", it is revealed to be a dream. Drake\'s uses of non-firearm deadly force during the series number less than a dozen. Yet The Encyclopedia of 20th-Century 
American Television by Ron Lackmann claims that Danger Man was one of the most violent series ever produced. Drake is almost never shown armed with a gun, and the episode \"Time to Kill\" centres around Drake\'s hesitancy and initial refusal to take an assassination mission (events transpire to prevent Drake from having to carry the task out).

Type: Video
Codec: H264 - MPEG-4 AVC (part 10) (avc1)
Resolution: 720x540
Frame Rate: 23.976215

Type: Audio
Codec: MPEG Audio layer 1/2/3 (mpga)
Channels: Stereo
Sample rate: 44100 Hz
Bitrate: 128 kb/s


If you enjoy the torrent, continue to seed it!