An alternative daily newschannel. One hour with news as you do not see it elsewhere.
 
http://www.democracynow.org

Headlines for Nov 21, 2011

-  Egypt: At Least 35 Protesters Killed, 1,700 Injured As Security Forces Crack Down In Cairo
-  Hundreds of Ethiopian Troops Invade Somalia Backed By Tanks, Heavy Artillery
-  UC-Davis Places Police Officers on Leave Following Pepper-Spray of Peaceful Occupy Protesters
-  Video Shows Oakland Authorities Beating Iraq War Veteran During Occupy Oakland Protest
-  Civil Rights Movement Leaders Lend Support to Occupy Protesters
-  Washington Lobbying Firm Offers to Undermine Occupy Movement on Behalf of Wall Street
-  Libyan Fighters Capture Prominent Gaddafi Son, Former Intelligence Chief
-  Syria: Anti-Government Fighters Launch Rocket-Propelled Grenades at Ruling Party Headquarters
-  Republican, Democratic "Super Committee" Members Set to Announce Defeat
-  Rhode Island Set to Slash Pensions for Retired, Current State Workers
-  Delaware River Basin Commission Indefinitely Postpones Controversial Fracking Vote
-  NYPD Arrests 27-Year-Old Man on Terrorism-Related Charges
-  Brazil: Indigenous Leader Assassinated By 40 Masked Gunmen


Special reports

- Seymour Hersh: Propaganda Used Ahead of Iraq War Is Now Being Reused Over Iran's Nuke Program

While the United States, Britain and Canada are planning to announce a coordinated set of sanctions against Iran's oil and petrochemical industry today, longtime investigative journalist Seymour Hersh questions the growing consensus on Iran's alleged nuclear weapons program. International pressure has been mounting on Iran since the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency revealed in a report the "possible military dimensions" to Iran's nuclear activities, citing "credible" evidence that "indicates that Iran has carried out activities relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device." In his latest article for The New Yorker blog, titled "Iran and the IAEA," Hersh argues the recent report is a "political document," not a scientific study. "They [JSOC] found nothing. Nothing. No evidence of any weaponization," Hersh says. "In other words, no evidence of a facility to build the bomb. They have facilities to enrich, but not separate facilities to build a bomb. This is simply a fact."


- Tahrir Square Under Attack: 32 Egyptians Killed, 1,750 Injured in Protests Against Military Rule

Mass protests across Egypt have entered a third day, calling on the country's military rulers to quickly transfer power to a civilian government. The fiercest clashes are taking place in Cairo's Tahrir Square where thousands of protesters have battled with security forces since Saturday morning. The Associated Press reports today Egypt's Ministry of Health has raised its casualty figures to 35 dead and more than 1,750 wounded. "Our demands at the beginning of the revolution were freedom, dignity and social justice. We have not seen social justice," says Nasser Abdul Hadi, one of the protesters interviewed in a video report by Democracy Now! correspondent Sharif Abdel Kouddous, who is ground in Cairo and has covered the protests since they began. Special thanks to Jacquie Soohen of Big Noise Films.


- UC-Davis Student Describes Pepper Spray Attack on Occupy Campus Protesters

A video that spread rapidly online shows University of California, Davis campus police officers pepper-spraying student protesters at close range on Friday at point blank range as they sat together to protest the dismantling of the "Occupy UC-Davis" encampment. The two officers involved in the incident were placed on administrative leave, and the incident has sparked calls for the resignation of UC-Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi, who initially defended the actions of the campus police. Katehi has since said she wants an outside, independent panel to review what happened. We speak with Elli Pearson, one of the students pepper sprayed on Friday. "All I could see was people telling me to cover my head, protect myself, and put my head down. And the next thing I know, I was pepper sprayed," says Pearson, who notes she was protesting in solidarity with students at UC-Berkeley who were beaten by police, and against tuition hikes at universities across the country. We also talk to Nathan Brown, assistant professor of English at UC-Davis, who wrote an open letter calling for the resignation of Chancellor Katehi following the pepper-spraying incident Friday. "In my opinion, the best way to go about these things as a junior faculty member is to speak up openly," says Brown, who is not tenured. "In that way, you draw a lot of support, and I think that will be very helpful in protecting me and other people who speak out, if there is any effort of retribution by the administration."
 
http://www.democracynow.org
