DVD Catalyst 4 v4.1.1 RETAIL-TE

TWiSTED ENDZ has released the latest version of DVD Catalyst. I guess we are used to getting this app from this release group as Retail version. To get more info about release notes please read the rest of the article.

DVD Catalyst 4 v4.1.1 RETAIL-TE
Convert DVD to your iPod, your iPhone, Pocket PC, Zen, Zune and more in a breeze. DVD Catalyst is the most advanced, feature-rich DVD conversion tool on the market today, and besides the standard features found in similar products, it offers numerous inductry-unique features to make it as easy to use as possible. DVD Catalyst enables you to convert your own DVD collection to a format that can be played on a video-capable device that does not normally play DVDs. It creates video files from DVDs that are compatible with many different devices, including Apple’s iPod and iPhone devices, Blackberry, Pocket PC, PSP, XBOX 360, PS3, Zen and Zune. Besides converting DVDs, it can also convert video files from and to a variety of different video formats, without the need to install codecs. No additional software is required for DVD Catalyst to do it’s thing.

Features:
· Unique 1-click conversion system. Just select your device, insert your DVD and click Go. No need to answer 100 questions before the conversion process starts.
· The best support you will ever receive. We provide honest and detailed answers to your questions, and go the extra mile to make sure you get the results you want and expect. We ALWAYS answer within 24 hours, but more often than not, you will have an answer within the hour.
· Converts DVDs as well as most video files directly after install, including AVI, DIVX, MPEG, MKV, TiVo, XVID and more, without the need to install additional software or codecs.
· Fully functional Trial version converts 25% of each item to give you a good idea of its capabilities. For a 2 hour movie,you get a 30 minute test clip.
· Includes nearly 600 different profiles covering just about any video-capable device on the market, all sorted by brand anddevice category for easy selection. If you purchase a new device, you can still use DVD Catalyst 4 to create videos for it.
· Plenty of configuration options to enable you to create files for unlisted devices or to tweak everything to your liking.
· Newbie-friendly. DVD Catalyst 4 runs in a “safe” mode after install for new users, and for more experienced users, just enable the “Power User” mode to gain access to everything it has to offer.
· Scene-selection support for MP4 files, compatible with Apple TV, iPod, iPhone, XBOX 360, VLC and more. (uses original scene information from DVDs and MKVs if available)
· Transparent Batch, convert multiple movie/TV DVDs (original as well as ISOs) and/or multiple video files with just a single click.
· Multi-CPU/Multi-Core support. Uses your computer to its full capacity for faster conversions.
· DVD Catalyst 4 is faster and creates smaller files with better quality than similar products.
and much more.

What's new in the version 4.1.1:

Besides profiles for new and upcoming devices such as the Amazon Kindle Fire, B&N; NOOKcolor2, Asus Transformer Prime and the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, we added some additional cool stuff as well.

* New Device profiles:
While some of the competition is trying to catch up, DVD Catalyst 4 continues to be ahead of the pack by offering support for more devices than any other dvd and conversion tool in the world. With 4.1.1.0, we increased the amount of unique device profiles to over 1000 !

New in this release of DVD Catalyst 4 are profiles for the Galaxy Nexus, Transformer Prime, Kindle Fire, A100, Droid Razr and many more. We even added specific Ice Cream Sandwich profiles for devices currently in development. But, in the small chance that your particular device is not listed, just contact us, and we will suggest the best settings for your device, and include profiles for it in the next update.

* New conversion formats:
If you are a DVD Catalyst “Power User”, its time to get really excited. In this version, we included a large collection of new High Quality conversion formats that will knock your socks off. Available in AVI, MKV, Mp4 and MV4 containers, you can convert your movies using H264 or XVID video codecs along with a choice of AC3, AAC or MP3 audio. Started as a request to provide a format that would use hardware acceleration for video but not for audio using Dice Player on Android Tablets, we tweaked these settings for a considerable amount of time to make sure they produce the best possible quality even on smaller file-sizes.

* New Quality Profiles for popular devices:
With the new High Quality conversion formats added, we also implemented a new quality profile (next to the fast, standard, hq1 and hq2 ones), but rather than just having it create larger files and call it HQ3, we decided that it would be more useful to create a profile that could work great for DVD-sized content as well as HD (720p) content. Right now, for most devices, we recommend using the standard profile for DVDs, and for HD content either HQ1 (slower movies) or HQ2 (action movies), but with the new HQXT (High Quality eXTreme) profile, you can get a great quality using just the one profile. For DVDs, the filesize goes up a little, however, if you are used to converting HD content using the HQ profiles, you will find that you can shave off quite a bit of size while still having a great-looking video. Especially if you convert a mixture of different-sized content, the HQXT profiles will be a great choice for your conversions.

* Log:
Originally introduced in DVD Catalyst 4.1, but due to some complications with that release set aside, in 4.1.1.0, we reimplemented the log. While it does not provide much detailed information yet, it does provide some help with troubleshooting. It will get better in the next update though. To open the log, tap on Help > View Log in the top menu of DVD Catalyst 4.

* More:

In addition to the new stuff above, we also reimplemented the Internet Proxy Settings in Global Settings to make it easier to check for updates for some people, also the 5.1 audio has been worked on for the people who use DVD Catalyst 4 for their HD Media Player (WDTV, Popcornhour etc). Also work-around for many tricky DVDs such as Transformers 3, The Fighter, Thor and more have been implemented so for most people these DVDs will work without having to select the proper track.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1250+ torrents                                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		
			