There are contained within this folder two works offered in a reading
in the first place of the Communist manifesto of Karl Marx and Friedrich
Engels and in the second an explanatory work with excerpts from the said
work provided through the Giants of Political thought series of offerings.

The reading of the text in the former mentioned work is performed for you
by Chris Gaffney - a nice Australian gentleman  I gather by the accent 
and its certainly nice although he skips a beat for an instant now and then
perhaps - nothing anyone should notice as its a greatly refreshing approach
to have such a great human spirit to read to us all and that is my view of
that part of the world generally I might add.

Then of course there is the other work that is here included and this 
is for us scripted by Mr Ralph Raico and narrated mainly by Mr. Craig
Deitchman amongst others. It is published by Knowledge Products who only
see fit to offer audiotape versions at their own website for some godforsaken
reason.

Communism is a cruel and oppressive system in respect of the unfairness
to those of merit and therefore fundamentally unjust as it goes far beyond the
concept of a more humane welfare state into the realm of the inane in this
regard. As such the system of government that seeks to maintain it is by
necessity, similarly flawed in respect of validity to good human conscience
both in respect of tactics and ends that are sought to be brought about to
those that labour under it.

Marx seems to be on a strange tangent of sorts in thinking that while workers
provide value, the capitalist does not do anything but oppress him in this.
In particular his concept of surplus value seems to endeavour to treat as 
"on the table and available to workers" perhaps all of whatever part it is that
rightly belongs to those that instead employ them in the first place. Using such
tactics as they are able to orchestrate I suspect - without regard to fairness
to those who have other skills and assets to offer than simply of the actual
doing of labour of some oher forms that no doubt would be needed too in the
overall enterprise if it is to succeed.

Such minds are not fair that see only their own side of things that goes for
labour extremists too as I submit.

Michael Rizzo Chessman












