Fritz is the world’s most popular chess program, developed by ChessBase,
“the world's leading chess software company” (Washington Post).
Whether you are a beginner, club player or professional – Fritz has everything that chess players could want:
automatically adjusting playing strength, handicap and coaching functions, explanation of positions,
colored danger warnings, openings statistics, automatic game analysis, trainings modules for openings,
tactics, endgames, and a database of one million games....

System requirements:
Minimum: Pentium III 1 GHz, 512 MB RAM,
Windows Vista, XP (Service Pack 3),
DirectX9 graphics card with 256 MB RAM, DVD-ROM drive, Windows-Media Player 9,
internet access (playchess.com, updates and activation).
Recommended: PC Intel Core 2 Duo, 2.4 GHz, 3 GB RAM, Windows Vista or Windows 7,
DirectX10 graphics card (or compatible) with 512 MB RAM or more,
100% DirectX10 compatible sound card, Windows Media Player 11,
DVD ROM drive and internet access (playchess.com,
updates and activation).

More: http://chessbase-shop.com/en/products/4297

Languages: Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Polish, Spanish [see bellow]
 
http://www.bilderkiste.org/show/original/9129257160691/Instalation_languages.jpg

In the image below I tested Polish. You can see bottom - right whooping 8 CPU!
 
http://www.bilderkiste.org/show/original/3129257180665/polish.jpg

Installation:

1. Unpack (right click/unrar sr-df12m )
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install (chose restart later & close it completely in task bar manager)
4. Copy the content(3 files) from the SKIDROW folder (where you mounted or burned) to your
  installation directory (C: Program Files (x86) (if you have win 64 bit)ChessBase/ChessProgram12) and overwrite
5. Restart pc
5. Start the game (double click on the icon on desktop) and chose the drive where you mounted or burned.
6. Enjoy the game (a little window will pop up saying it is not activated, just ignore it, you can fully use it,
you also can play at Playchess.com  (I entered as guest)

  Additional Notes:

  If you want to use this without having the DVD in the drive,
  copy the content on the DVD to your drive. Browse and locate it, when you're being asked to insert the TALK or VIDEO CD.
  You can also select custom/complete install during setup. To get around that issue.  

Why in rar? Because iso is 4.32 GB.
Rared is only 3.80 GB. So why not save 500 MB ;-)
I downloaded it from a private site.
Credits deserved by all who keep seeding it. Cheers.