Style: Electric Texas Blues, Piano & Organ Blues
Recorded: 2004
Released: 2005
Label: Dialtone
File: mp3@ 320kbps
Size: 125.9 MB
Time: 54:46
Art: Front Cover

1. My Thing - 3:05
2. Early In The Morning - 2:35
3. Twist 2 - 4:06
4. Pretty Little Doll - 2:26
5. The Doghouse - 3:06
6. Get Away Blues - 3:44
7. Thrill Groove - 3:47
8. Petite Baby Gilliam 5:34
9. Going Downtown - 2:35
10. Screaming Hog - 3:45
11. Got To Find My Baby - 3:24
12. First Name Is Earl - 6:21
13. Stop By Johns - 2:49
14. Brush Those Tears From Your Eyes - 3:14
15. Tomball Shuffle - 4:07

Personnel: Earl GILLIAM - Piano, Organ, Vocals
I.J. Gosey - Guitar; Shedrick Cormier - Saxophone
Pops Stewart - Bass; Willie Sampson - Drums
Jonn Richardson - Guitar tr.4,14

If you like your blues with the piano and organ out front, you will really enjoy this album. Earl Gilliam is a Houston area based keyboard player and singer who spent several years as the keyboard man for the late Joe Guitar Hughes. Gilliam has been around since the '50s. Among many others, he has also played as a sideman for Albert Collins, Gatemouth Brown and Johnny Clyde Copeland. Oddly enough, this is his first full album under his own name. He has played on lots of other musicians' albums and he had recorded singles back in the '50s on the Sang label but not a whole album of his own.
The title 'Texas Doghouse Blues' refers to Earl's garage at home which he has dubbed the doghouse where he holds a weekly Sunday after Church jam for all comers. He and his band can also often be found at Earl's favorite blues club, The Big Easy, down in Houston. Right out of the gate, you know that the emphasis here is on good time, party style blues with loose arrangements and lots of space to jam with a nice groove going down throughout all 15 cuts, 13 of which are Gilliam originals including 'Petite Baby' that Earl first recorded back in the '50s as a single.
Guitar player I.J. Gosey, who plays guitar throughout this album also started recording back in the '50s with the likes of Lowell Fulsom, T-Bone Walker, Junior Parker and Johnnie Taylor. Gosey was also a member of the legendary Duke/Peacock house band back then as well.
Most of the lyrics here are in the somewhat standard good times blues vein, but it's the playing that really stands out and makes this album really move. All the players are loose and having fun but never stray too far away from that ever present groove. There is a fair amount of jamming going on but it never gets monotonous. Even on cuts like 'Getaway Blues' and 'The Doghouse' where there are tempo changes and stylistic changes in midsong, the groove always stays down in there. The groove is obviously the thing here, and with a solid rhythm section, Gilliam and Gosey are able to work the middle ground between hard dance blues and shuffle jazz with ease, and the joy the players take in all this is readily apparent.
Although all the players on this album are long seasoned veterans of the blues and it is quite apparent that they are still really enjoying themselves playing and will continue to do so as long as they are able, simply for the love of the music. And a side note. The sound quality on this CD is exceptionally good. And if you find yourself moving uncontrollably while listening to this album, don't worry. It's all in the groove. This album is a charming delight, perfect for a long, hot summer afternoon gathered around the grill.

