 http://bayimg.com/LaHinAaDj

Witch Hunt (TV 1994) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111730/

Witch Hunt (1994) is a Horror/Detective HBO movie starring Dennis Hopper. It was directed by Paul Schrader and written by Joseph Dougherty.

  Dennis Hopper  ...  H. Phillip Lovecraft  
  Penelope Ann Miller  ...  Kim Hudson  
  Eric Bogosian  ...  Sen. Larson Crockett  
  Sheryl Lee Ralph  ...  Hypolyta Kropotkin  
  Julian Sands  ...  Finn Macha  
  Valerie Mahaffey  ...  Trudy  
  John Epperson  ...  Vivian Dart (as Lypsinka)  
  Debi Mazar  ...  The Manicurist  
  Alan Rosenberg  ...  N.J. Gottlieb  
  Christopher John Fields  ...  Lt. Morris Bradbury  
  John Durbin  ...  Brackett  
  Gregory Bell  ...  Shakespeare  
  Terry Camilleri  ...  Minister  
  Christopher Darga  ...  G-man #1 (as Chris Darga)  
  Stanley DeSantis  ...  Sidney  

Hopper stars as 1950s hardboiled private detective Phillip Lovecraft, in a fictional universe where magic is real, monsters and mythical beasts stalk the back alleys, zombies are used as cheap labor, and everyone — except Lovecraft — uses magic every day. Yet, cars, telephones and other modern technology also exist in this world. Witch Hunt takes place in the 1950s during the red scare, in which magic is substituted for communism. It is a sequel to the HBO-produced film Cast a Deadly Spell. Dennis Hopper plays Lovecraft in place of Fred Ward. Additionally, many characters have different background stories then Cast a Deadly Spell. For example, Lovecraft refuses to use magic in Cast a Deadly Spell on principle, and because of a bad experience in Witch Hunt.

The movie is very much an homage to the works of H. P. Lovecraft. Though not based on any one particular story by Lovecraft, the film features many Lovecraftian tropes, and can be considered to take place against the unified backdrop which has come to be known as the Cthulhu Mythos.

While the film clearly does not take place in Lovecraft's world, it does reference Lovecraft extensively (including the name of the main character), though there are many obvious differences. The most obvious difference is that in Witch Hunt, magic is omnipresent – everybody uses it. In Lovecraft's stories magic is almost unknown, except to a select few.

One could call Witch Hunt a semi-sequel to a 1991 film entitled Cast a Deadly Spell, a fairly obscure made-for-cable film which starred Fred Ward (Short Cuts, Remo Williams) as detective H. Philip Lovecraft, a private investigator working in a fictionalized 1940s Los Angeles, where there are many people who have the ability to use magic.  You don't need to see that version to understand Witch Hunt, but at least you might have a better sense of context, as it's an even stranger film otherwise.

Witch Hunt plays very much like a low-budget version of Who Framed Roger Rabbit? with magicians as the persecuted players, instead of cartoon characters.  There seems to be all of the elements in place to make a decent flick, perhaps even a cult classic, but somehow these parts never really gel into a cohesive whole.  The cast is very likeable, the direction by Schrader (Affliction, Auto Focus) is lively, the writing by Dougherty (who also penned Cast a Deadly Spell) is interesting, and the sets and costumes are nicely handled.  However, it still falls far short in the overall presentation, mostly due to this looking like a made-for-tv movie all of the way, from the lighting to the cinematography.  

Thematically the film covers much of the same territory as Mike Resnick's novel, Stalking the Unicorn.

