Ultima 4:Quest of the Avatar is already released and available for free onGOG.com. You can read the description of the game in the previous newspost. Why is it included in this game pack Well, the Ultima seriesbreaks down into three trilogies, and it seemed a shame to break up thelovely symmetry.

Ultima 5: Warriors of Destiny picks up on thestory of the Avatar, the hero of Britannia. The countrys benevolentmonarch is nowhere to be found, and an usurper named Lord Blackthorn hasclaimed the throne! Its your duty as the embodiment of the EightVirtues to make all wrongs right and recover the world of Britannia fromthe paws of Blackthorn and his three evil Shadowlords! Thisinstallation of the Ultima series expands on the world of Ultima 4 in anumber of ways: towns are larger, have more unique buildings, and NPCinteraction has evolved. With enhanced dialogues, diverse conversationtopics, and a diverse array of characters, Ultima V shows that LordBritish kept raising the bar for games looking to call themselves anRPG.? The day and night cycle affects the gameplay. For example youcant shop at night because the NPC shopkeepers are asleep! Delve intothe world of Britannia and save its inhabitants & moral codex!

Ultima6: The False Prophet starts out with a bang! You, the Avatar, arecaptured by demons, imprisoned, and ready to be sacrificed on an altar.Like in all those Hollywood movies, in the nick of time your friendsfrom earlier adventures come in guns a-blazing to save you! You learnthat those demon-like creatures are gargoyles, a new race that invadedBritannia and have seized the shrines of Virtue. As you venture forth onyour next adventure as the Avarat, you try to understand the truemotivations of gargoyles. As the embodiment of the Eight Virtues, theAvatar will understand that his mission is to establish peace and makethe two races coexist in Britannia peacefully. Ultima 6 is a one of akind game which, without over imposing it on the player, tells a storyof the evil of human prejudice and ignorance. This is where the motto ofOrigin Systems, We create worlds?, is best visible and it really stepsup to its name!

Note:The character import function does not work yet, but we are doingeverything we can to find a solution to this problem and we will updatethe game as soon as we can get it worked out.

Whats cool about it:
Visit thousands of colorful places and characters, search towns, castles, andvillages. Converse with merchants and mages, all as you walk, ride, andsail across Britannia
Explore magic, combat, and deception “ weavehundreds of magical spells, watch axes and arrows fly in combat,discover clues, and solve mysteries
Witness the transformation fromStranger to Avatar through self-improvement, then join him on hi queststo save Britannia and become the savior of all.

Overview:
Experiencefantasy role-playings most distinctive and award-winning series inthis special three-game collection. Ultima: The Second Trilogy followsthe spellbinding tale of the Avatar in this richly detailed andchallenging story. The setting is medieval Britannia, but the storiesare timeless and involve universal issues that explore the essence ofvirtue. First, there is the pursuit of spiritual enlightenment in UltimaIV, where your personal ethics are tested in a treacherous struggle todemonstrate the eight virtues of Avatarhood. Then in Ultima V, you relyon your new-found strengths and skills to oppose a tyrannical leader whowarps the virtues you uphold through his twisted legislation ofmorality. Finally, in the epic concluding chapter of Ultima VI, you, theAvatar, must resolve the cultural conflict between a race of hostilecreatures and your own. It all adds up to a relentless test of characterin a world where things are not always as they appear, and evil is noteasily defined. 


Download includes maps,manual,cluebooks,lorebooks


Enjoy. 