Mascot, 12 Chapters, 1934. Starring Jack Mulhall, Frankie Darro, Lola Lane, Edwin Maxwell, Jason Robards Sr., Julian Rivero, Stanley Blystone, Francis McDonald.

BURN ’EM UP BARNES was for many years a comparatively little-known Mascot serial, in much the same case as THE WOLF DOG. It didn’t star John Wayne (unlike THE THREE MUSKETEERS, HURRICANE EXPRESS, SHADOW OF THE EAGLE), it didn’t have a mystery villain (unlike THE FIGHTING MARINES or THE WHISPERING SHADOW), and it didn’t have any science-fiction plot elements (unlike THE PHANTOM EMPIRE). But the serial has been “rediscovered” in recent years by many fans, due largely to its release as an inexpensive (but quite watchable) DVD by Alpha Video, and it’s gained something of a reputation as one of Mascot’s all-time best serials. I heartily concur with this opinion after watching BARNES; it has a simple script that never gets too complicated but which stills gives us full empathy for the protagonists, a wonderfully enthusiastic cast, and one creative, astonishing action sequence after another.

“Burn ’em up” Barnes (Jack Mulhall) is a typical Depression-era factory worker as his serial begins, watching an auto race through a board fence along with his best friend George Riley (James Bush) in 1929. However, his fascination with race cars (hence his nickname) and his daredevil nature help him to rise to greater things as the years go by, and by 1934 and the middle of the first chapter he’s a famous racing car driver and the unofficial “King of the Dirt Tracks.” Tragedy strikes, however, when Barnes helps George, now a successful newsreel cameraman, and George’s kid brother Bobby (Frankie Darro) gain access to a prime filming spot beside a dangerous part of the race track. During the race, the car of one of Barnes’ competitors crashes through the track railing and barrels into the cameramen. Bobby is all right, but George is fatally injured, and the grief-stricken and guilt-stricken Barnes vows to give up racing. Taking Bobby under his wing, he goes in search of a business enterprise to enter in hope of earning money for the boy’s education. Barnes winds up going into partnership with Marjorie Temple (Lola Lane), proprietress of Temple Transportation Company. Barnes cheerily sets out to help Marjorie keep her school bus contract, unaware that certain villains intend to see that she loses that contract. Wealthy auto manufacturer Lyman Warren (Edwin Maxwell) and his accomplice, race track owner Drummond (Jason Robards Sr.) know that the supposedly worthless land left to Marjorie by her father is actually rich in oil. Their plan is to cause so much damage to Marjorie’s business that she will be forced to sell her land to them in order to keep the business afloat. Warren’s henchmen succeed in wrecking the Temple and Barnes Transportation Company’s school bus, but Barnes immediately begins raising money to buy a new one, entering a car race and winning the prize over a couple of Drummond’s henchmen. Warren then frames Barnes for the murder of Chase (John Davidson), one of the crooked drivers, but thanks to Bobby’s newsreel camera, this plot is also thwarted. Barnes then begins to attempt to prove Drummond’s complicity in this series of crimes, hoping to unmask him and the mysterious mastermind behind him. But will Barnes, Bobby, and Marjorie realize in time that the mastermind is really kindly, benevolent Mr. Warren? There are plenty of thrills, spills, and chills ahead before that question can be answered.