Introducing Maple 15
  Posted: April 07 2011 by laurent 170 
   Product: Maple

I am pleased to announce that Maple 15 will be available on April 13. We are very proud of this new release of Maple, which has been twelve months in the making, and I would like to share some of the exciting new developments with you.

The guiding principle behind Maple is to make sophisticated mathematical algorithms easily accessible. Maple 15 adds over 270 new functions and over a thousand enhancements to existing algorithms. Maple 15 solves large classes of differential equations that nobody else can touch. The efficiency of many core algorithms has seen tremendous improvements, and the breadth and depth of computations in areas like differential geometry is far ahead of the nearest competitor. Maple 15 also allows you to compute previously unavailable parametric solutions to systems of equations and summation problems.
Yet, with all that additional power, we have also made sure that Maple 15 is even easier to learn and use than ever before. Maple 15 sees enhancements to our well-known interactive assistants, task templates, and context-sensitive right-click menus, which support point-and-click problem solving without the need to remember commands or learn syntax. In addition, 49 new interactive mini-demonstrations illustrate common topics across mathematics. WeΓΓé¼Γäóve also added a new variable manager that helps you keep track of your data in a worksheet. Maple 15 is a friendly environment that helps you get your work done, quickly and efficiently.

A particular focus for Maple 15 is parallel computing. Multi-core machines are becoming ubiquitous and Maple is keeping pace: Many symbolic and numeric algorithms in Maple automatically detect how many cores are available and will switch to a parallel algorithm to compute your results faster and to allow you to tackle larger problems.
Maple 15 also introduces a new model for writing your own parallel programs using parallel primitives. Your computation will be distributed across all cores on your desktop computer. Then, using the Grid Computing Toolbox, the exact same code can run on hundreds or thousands of nodes on a cluster or supercomputer. In addition, Maple 15 allows you to write your own multi-threaded programs in the Maple language. Such programs take advantage of shared memory between cores and are more suitable to fine-grained parallelism than the heavier distributed models. No matter what size a problem you want to solve, Maple 15 will scale with your needs.

Maple 15 is not just for math, either. Application areas like control design, physics, statistics, finance and code generation have all seen significant enhancements.

I hope you will find Maple 15 as exciting as I do! Please let us know about your experience. Maple is great but we can always improve and we are eager to listen.

Dr. Laurent Bernardin
Executive Vice-President & Chief Scientist




now i leech maple 15 for all poor people that don\'t enough money to purchase it.
