DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Turn it up to 11 as you learn how to record songs with drums, keyboards, bass, strings, even horns...even if all you have is a beat-up electric guitar!

This book explains how to use GarageBand '11 to make great recordings of your music with vocals, drums, guitars, MIDI keyboards, and anything else that makes a sound. Seattle composer and musician Jeff Tolbert shares his GarageBand know-how and years of recording experience to help you get the most out of your existing gear or purchase new equipment that fits your budget and style. New in this edition is a complete discussion of all of the many GarageBand synthesizers, as well as a section on fixing mistakes easily with the new Flex Time and Groove Matching features.

The book also covers the 12 GarageBand guitar amps (including the seven new ones!) and the greatly expanded selection of stompbox effects. You'll also learn real-world recording studio techniques like using a microphone effectively, getting the best sounds from your gear, and applying effects like a pro.

Bonus! Linked-in audio lets you listen to examples while you read about them—and, new with this edition, you can follow links to download the project files for the two example songs which demonstrate many of the techniques discussed. Remember us when you're famous!

Questions answered in the book include:

My GarageBand recordings sound lame. Can I even make a decent-sounding recording with this program?
How do Real Instrument and Software Instrument tracks differ?
What’s the best way to record a vocalist?
How do I use the multi-take recording option?
I don't have an electric guitar. Can I still use the Electric Guitar track?
How can I fix up a sloppy performance?
What amplifiers are the GarageBand amps supposed to represent?
How do I set a compressor?
How do I program the GarageBand synths to make my own sounds?
How can I automate effects?
What should I know about recording multiple tracks at once?