Kourtney & Kim Take New York SEASON 4 -5 episode - Itunes drm rip 

TV shows.
Description
Sisters Kourtney and Kim Kardashian return for another bite of the Big Apple! New York beckons once again as the sisters begin to branch out and start their own families away from the Kardashian clan. Newlyweds Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries try to adjust to married life after their fairytale nuptials, while Kourtney faces new challenges with live-in boyfriend and baby daddy, Scott Disick. Plus, tension quickly grows between Kim, Kris, Kourtney and Scott as the fierce foursome move into adjoining suites and are all forced to juggle business, pleasure, marriage and parenthood under one roof.

 	 Name	 Description	 Time	 Price	  
1
HDTV-14
The Honeymoon Is Over
Released Nov 27, 2011
In the season premiere, newlyweds Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries waste no time when it comes to Kim's busy work schedule. The couple quickly moves in with Kim's sister Kourtney, her boyfriend Scott and their son Mason in New York City to continue managing their DASH store and launching new brands with different partners. However, Kris quickly realizes that moving to the Big Apple may not be as lucrative for him as it is for Kim. Plus, Kourtney's new holistic approaches to living begin to rub Kris the wrong way--and it's not long before he's ready to fly the coop.
43:05
$2.99
View In iTunes
2
HDTV-14
Go Get Your Man
Released Dec 04, 2011
Khloe flies out to New York for some family time, but finds her sisters' love lives in disarray. Kourtney isn't talking to Scott, despite their scheduled trip to his family's Hampton home, and Kris has flown back to Minnesota and seems to have no intention of coming back to live with Kim in New York. Things go into further dismay when Khloe inadvertently disturbs Kim's beauty sleep, unleashing a torrent of long-buried resentment between the two siblings. Can she convince her two older sisters to get their love lives back in order?
42:51
$2.99
View In iTunes
3
HDTV-14
Three's a Crowd
Released Dec 11, 2011

Kim's decision to get off birth control leads to unexpected complications with her husband Kris Humphries who isn't sure if he's ready to have kids. Mom Kris Jenner finds a surprising new friend in Scott when she visits New York City to tape the "Today" show. Scott makes an interesting proposition to Kourtney about spicing up their sex life.
42:43
$2.99
View In iTunes
4
HDTV-14
True Colors
Released Dec 18, 2011
Kim feels betrayed by her good friend Jonathan Cheban when she hears he's writing a tell-all book about her. Meanwhile, Scott wants to reconnect with his Jewish roots--but Kourtney thinks it's just a phase.
43:05
$2.99
View In iTunes
5
HDTV-14
Questionable Actions
ReleasedJan 01, 2012

When Kim's friend Simon invites her and Kris out for a night of ping-pong, Kris becomes suspicious of their mutual friend Jonathan who shows up once again without a date. He begins to wonder whether Jonathan might be gay--and starts badgering him for answers. Meanwhile, Scott buys a baby grand piano on a whim, and Kourtney becomes utterly obsessed with couponing.
42:45
Album Only
View In iTunes

RIP NOTES:
umm i havent seen any torrents of this show on piratebay or anywhere even on rlslog, so when i saw a season pass for itunes for the whole season only 24.99.....so i will be putting the shows out as soon as there on itunes which is next day release....have no idea why the scene have not been releasing these new shows cuz i love to smoke and shut my mind off and watch this  its simple but elegant to have different life perspectives 

anyways 
-----------------------------------------------------------------

RIP DETAILS:
it comes in DRM ITUNES 10.5 VIDEO 1.2 GIG per episode , i use my converter which is the best aimersoft drm ripper (i uploaded the release too) and its set to rip on xvid setting, the quality ISNT full 720p video , bc the way apple has there drm is that when u rip encode and transcode to a non drm rip it messes up the frame rate and resuloutions slightly, 

IF U WANT REAL 720 P HD u can go to itunes and pay the 25 dollars and itunes gets u the shows automatically dled....if u love this show as much as me ! i would do that the show is really cool in DRM ITUNES 720p but unfourtunalty when u rip drm itunes to make it shareable u get these results, dont blame me or the software or w.e its the drm 
if u want better video buy it urself, its worth it, or jus enjoy these results

if i get people wanting more i can do the new ones
this includes all new releases till today 
remember u can always select in the FILES tab of ur torrent client
to download 1 or all of the episodes

sorry if its not that great quality for u - i jus wanted to share what i love to watch - full screen mite not be the best viewing, try smaller sizes for great picture, 

thanks for downloading - although u will download this VERY FAST

so thanks if u like it 
if u dont buy it
------------------------------------------------------------------------------