Eat Static was formed in 1989 by Merv Pepler and Joie Hinton as a creative outlet for the diverse range of electronic music that the pair were writing. Always intended as a live band, Eat Static can legitimately claim to be one of the UK’s first live techno outfits, cutting their teeth at many of the ‘orbital’ raves of the early 90′s. They appeared 3 times at the legendary Rage nights playing alongside names such as Carl Cox, Fabio and Grooverider as well as playing at early incarnations of Universe and Tribal Gathering.

Playing many of their formative gigs at hardcore raves around the UK, Eat Static quickly developed a spectacular live show that included a huge lightshow,a giant illuminated brain and a loyal following quickly formed,with the crowds realising that dance could be performed live at a time when ‘live’ performances by other bands were often mimed PA’s.

Since that time Eat Static have played hundreds of gigs in the UK, Europe,the USA (touring with Moby and BT) and the Far East. These shows included a number of appearances at The Eclipse, the opening night of the long running London techno club Eurobeat 2000 and appearances at all the big UK and European festivals including Glastonbury and Dance Valley in Amsterdam.

In 1991 Eat Static released three singles and the cassette album ‘Prepare Your Spirit’ on their own Alien Records label before signing to Planet Dog Records in 1993. The album ‘Abduction’ was Eat Static’s first release for Planet Dog in 1993 and Eat Static ended the year on a high note when the ‘Lost In Time’ EP was voted Single of the Week in the UK’s Melody Maker magazine and when they were voted Best Dance Act in the NME readers poll.

Tracklist

01	Worm Lips
02	Eat Static
03	Kinesis
04	Epsylon
05	The Element
06	Almost Human
07	Pupae
08	4th Dimension
09	Habibeep
10	Inaana
11	Gulf Breeze

Some of these singles were released on the Alien label, in extremly limited editions and sold at their gigs only. This is a must for any Eat Static Trance Head.

EAC Log CUE sheet and art work included.