Official Web Site:  http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshoplightroom/

Adobe® Photoshop® Lightroom® 3 software helps you bring out the best in your photographs, whether you're perfecting one image, searching for ten, processing hundreds, or organizing thousands.
Create incredible images that move your audience. 

Experiment fearlessly with state-of-the-art nondestructive editing tools. Easily manage all your images. And showcase your work in elegant print layouts, slide shows, and web galleries, as well as on popular photo-sharing sites. All from within one fast, intuitive application.

Features:

Superior noise reduction

Achieve amazing, natural-looking results from your high ISO images with all-new state-of-the-art noise reduction technology. You won't need more than what's built into Adobe® Photoshop® Lightroom® 3 to get the cleanest images at any ISO.

Accelerated performance

Get your digital photography tasks done fast and have more time to shoot and promote your work. Already quick performance has been dramatically accelerated in Lightroom 3, saving you time from first look to final image.

Support for DSLR video files

Take advantage of new support for video files from most digital SLR cameras, which allows you to easily manage and organize both still photographs and video files side by side.

Image watermarking

Easily embed your identity or your brand and logo in your images with more options for customizing their look. The new watermarking tool lets you apply text or graphic watermarks to a photo with adjustable size, position, and opacity.

Easy image importing

Save time with fast image importing. The newly designed import interface is easy to set up and navigate, with clear visual indications of where your photos will be located and how they'll be organized after you've imported them.

Perspective correction

Get more natural-looking results by applying powerful, nondestructive perspective correction to your images. Reduce or eliminate the distortion that can occur, for example, when you take a photograph with the camera pointed upward, causing buildings to appear to be leaning backward in your image.

More flexible print packages

Showcase your work in more creative formats using highly customizable print layouts, which you can save as reusable templates. With the new custom print layout creation tool, you just drag one image or several shots onto a page and resize or reposition them as you like.

Language versions

Chinese Simplified
Chinese Traditional
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Spanish
Swedish

System Requirements:

Intel processor
Mac OS X v10.5 or v10.6
1,024x768 display


--- PLEASE SEED ---