Tweak-7 1.0 Build 1115 x86

Comparing Tweak-7 with other optimization and tweak tools is simply impossible since no competitive product covers such a huge functionality: from simple system tweaking to complex and fast registry cleaning and registry defragmentation and comprehensive system cleanup.

Tweak-7 featurelist

- Hundreds of tweaks
Tweak-7 includes hundreds of tweaks to optimize and customize Windows 7 to your very personal needs.
- Cleanup your system
Scan your system for unneeded files, old system update backups, and a lot more to set free hundreds of GB on your hard disk.
- Cleanup your registry
The included registry cleaner automatically scans your system registry for dead data and errors.
- Defragment your registry
Cleanup and defrag your system registry for fastest and optimized system performance
- Easy and secure tweaking
Just a few mouse clicks are required in order to activate performance tweaks. No geek knowledge required!
- Transfer your tweaks
Create tweak snapshots and use them to transfer tweaks and customizations to other machines running Windows 7 and Tweak-7.
- Auto-optimize Windows 7
Tweak-7 includes an auto optimizer which optimizes Windows 7 with the most common speed improvement tweaks.
- Detailed system information
Tweak-7 includes a system information feature displaying 3D system and performance information
- Access lost Microsoft Product keys
Lost any of your Microsoft Windows, or Microsoft Office CD keys? Tweak-7 will get them back.
- View Hard Disk statistics
Tweak-7 provides detailed hard disk statistics on all your installed drives.
- Disallow access to certain drives
With the included features you can restrict access to drives and folders.
- CPU tweaks included
Tweak-7 automatically tweaks Windows 7 to work perfectly with your specific CPU.
- CD/DVD drive tweaks
Optimizes the cache of your CD/DVD drives.
- Memory Optimizer included
Optimize your physical memory (RAM) for better performance if you run low on RAM.
- RAM Disk Drive
Create a RAM Disk Drive of up to 256 MB for fastest access to files (available on 32bit systems only).
- Virtual drives
Easily turn any folder on your hard drive into a disk drive!
- Control Windows Error Reporting and much more
Along with heaps of miscellaneous system tweaks you and control the Windows Error Reporting, time sync settings, OEM information ...
- Change system folder settings
Easily change the location of system and user folders.
- Control panel tweaks
Restrict access to control panel items, hide control panel features, and much more.
- Control auto starts
Control what is started automatically with your system - disable and remove autostarts.
- Auto logon and auto shutdown
Enable auto login and auto shutdown features for Windows 7.
- Application tweaks
Heaps of tweaks and customizations for Windows Applications.
- Application restrictions
Get more control over the features of Windows 7 with the includes application restrictions.
- Start menu tweaks
Heaps of tweaks to customize the look and feel of your Windows 7 start menu: hide items, show items.
- Task bar tweaks
Get control over your Windows 7 task bar and tweak it the way you want it.
- Desktop tweaks
Change the desktop style, enable heaps of desktop related tweaks, manage DWM settings.
- Customize the desktop context menu
Include your favorite applications to the desktop context menu for fastest access
- Shortcut overlay icons
Remove the annoying desktop shortcut overlay icons or set up your own.
- Outlook and Windows mail tweaks
Control Outlook attachment settings and tweak Microsoft Outlook
- Internet Explorer tweaks and restrictions
Tweak IE to the max and restrict access to it.
- Windows Utilities
Get quick access to the most useful Windows 7 utilities

Home Page - http://www.totalidea.com/




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:    
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:   
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1000+ torrents:    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay