This is a Release of The A-Team (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 2.7GB.
This Release Includes:
-The A-Team (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-The A-Team (2010) EXTENDED VERSION DVD Rip by vladtepes3176
	-The A-Team Audio Commentary by Joe Carnahan
	-The A-Team Original Theatrical Trailer
	-The A-Team Theme Mash-Up Montage
-The A-Team Front & Back DVD Covers

That’s the WHOLE The A-Team (2010) DVD RIPPED FOR YOU TO ENJOY WITH ALL THE EXTRAS!!! Please seed! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: The A-Team is a 2010 American action film based on the television series of the same name. It was released in cinemas in the United States on June 11, 2010 by 20th Century Fox.[6] The film was directed by  Joe Carnahan and produced by Stephen J. Cannell,[7] and brothers Ridley and Tony Scott.[ Four American soldiers who are in Iraq are sent on a mission to recover plates for printing 100 dollar bills that were used to print a billion dollars. After doing the job and returning to the base their commanding officer is killed in an explosion and the plates are stolen by another operative. They would be court martialed and sent to different prisons. 6 months later, the leader, Hannibal Smith is visited by a CIA spook who tells him he knows where the man who took the plates is and wants him and his men to recover it. So he helps him escape and he breaks out the others and they go after the plates. But after doing it, they discover that the spook might not be ok. And a military intelligence officer who was involved with one of them is pursuing them.

CAST:
Liam Neeson as Col. John "Hannibal" Smith
Bradley Cooper as Lt. Templeton "Face" Peck
Quinton "Rampage" Jackson as Sgt. Bosco Albert "B.A." (Bad Attitude) Baracus
Sharlto Copley as Captain H.M. "Howling Mad" Murdock
Jessica Biel as Charissa Sosa [15]

DETAILS:
English
IMBD: tt0429493
118 Minutes
Studio: 20th Century Fox

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Convicted by a military court for a crime they didn’t commit a daring team of former special forces soldiers must utilize their unique talents to break out of prison and tackle their toughest mission yet. It’s going to take guts split-second timing and an arsenal of explosive weapons. 
Please seed. Cheers…vladtepes3176
