
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/6111B9VVRSL._SS500_.jpg


Title: The Best of the Royal Guardsmen
Artist: The Royal Guardsmen
Audio CD (February 1, 2000) 
Originally Released: 1996
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Pop
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Snoopy vs. the Red Baron
02. The Return of the Red Baron
03. Airplane Song (My Airplane)
04. Any Wednesday
05. I Say Love
06. Snoopy for President
07. Baby Let's Wait
08. Leaving Me
09. It's Sopwith Camel Time
10. Biplane "Evermore"
11. Shot Down
12. Searching for the Good Times
13. Smallest Astronaut
14. Mother, Where's Your Daughter
15. Down Behind the Lines
16. OM
17. I'm a Man
18. So You Want to Be a Rock & Roll Star
19. As Tears Go By
20. Snoopy's Christmas


Amazon Review:
This CD is essentially identical to the earlier Anthology so only a real completist need buy both. However, even owners of both of the CD re-releases of the Royal Guardsmen's 4 albums: Snoopy Vs. the Red Baron/Snoopy & His Friends and The Return of the Red Baron/Snoopy for President will want to buy one of these anthology CD's because they contain two not included singles, "Mother, Where's Your Daughter?" and the last Snoopy song, "Smallest Astronaut". Unfortunately, the version of "Snoopy For President" included on these CD's is a defective one, the edited version, which cuts out the words "in '68", destroying the meter of the first line in a pathetic attempt to make the song appear less dated. In order to obtain a non-butchered version of "Snoopy For President", you will have to buy the second album re-release: The Return of the Red Baron/Snoopy for President. In addition, the "Story of..." fake radio broadcasts that precede the 3 Snoopy versus the Red Baron songs on the third album are missing. For those you must purchase either the first album re-release Snoopy Vs. the Red Baron/Snoopy & His Friends or for an indefective consecutive track version, an old CD re-release of the third album: Snoopy's Merry Christmas or Snoopy's Christmas.

Allmusic Review:
Of course, the heart of this hourlong, 20-track compilation is the series of Snoopy novelty hits enjoyed by the Royal Guardsmen in the mid-'60s, starting with the million-selling "Snoopy vs. the Red Baron." The group had a few other singles chart entries, all of which are here, sometimes making reference to aerial themes ("Airplane Song [My Airplane]"). Though cute and catchy with their martial drumming and banjo picking, the Snoopy songs have a trash-rock quality in the tradition of "Louie Louie" and "Hang On Sloopy." Elsewhere, the group veers from one mid-'60s style to another, sometimes re-creating the good-time sound of the Lovin' Spoonful, other times using harmonies that sound like the Association, then resorting to covers (an instrumental version of "So You Want to Be a Rock & Roll Star," "As Tears Go By"). Though they made four albums, this best-of is a little more than anyone really needs of the Royal Guardsmen. [The Best of the Royal Guardsmen is identical in tracks and sequencing to the 1995 One Way compilation of the Royal Guardsmen, Anthology.]