 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 31 - Barabbas





POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 31 - Barabbas



POtHS Comments on This one:     Have not had a chance to view it yet.


Discription

It is not a biblical story, but the message aligns with the biblical principles.

Through out the movie there’s an easy to notice theme, a surface theme, one which showed that Barabbas was miraculously kept alive despite all the hardships that he encountered; he could not be killed.
He was as stubborn as a mule and always chose not to believe, and the idea that he went thorough so much and always came out alive was there to show that God was merciful and kept giving him more and more time to mature spiritually until he finally became a Christian. He could have gotten killed so many times and he would have died an unsaved man. It is a powerful concept, and I believe God will do that for people because He can see our hearts transformed even before we’ve made the first step in the right direction. Like a farmer waiting on his crops, so does God know when every person’s time to blossom and give fruit is. Barabbas didn’t seem to give much fruit but at least he got saved in the end. I think Anthony Queen’s acting was so good in portraying a real man with all his imperfections, his mistrust and rough edges, the natural darkness of human heart combined with an endearing honesty about his character. He sees the world as evil chaotic, he reveals a good heart at times but can’t make up his mind if these Christians are fools or suckers or nuts, or is it truly possible that real good people exist and God is really working in His people? Still an important question and a mystery for many today, and one which so many of us Christians do not answer as well as we should! Barabbas is at the same time torn between having a desire to defend righteous, innocent people and having the desire to take revenge and make justice the human way. I think most people struggle with that.
Over all I think this is a very well made movie, well acted and directed. I give it a 5 star with conviction!
There are some powerful statements in this movie, some of which tackle hypocrisy and nudge the viewer to consider the idea of what it could mean to really put your life where your mouth is! I especially liked the one scene where Barabbas was asked by a roman consul if he believe in Christ and he timidly shook his head in denial. When asked why was he then wearing the sign of Christians on the back of his prisoner medallion he answered reluctantly: “because, I… tried to believe”. Next thing, the roman consul takes a knife and scratches out the cross on his medallion so that it doesn’t look like a cross anymore, then he says: “It is unwise to carry around what you don’t believe in!” and then lets him live.
Just think of how many people wear a Christian sign around their neck, stick something on their car or even state they are believers, but when push come to shove, they don’t show to have much of a Christian heart.
Deep phrase - once again: “It is not wise to wear about what you really don’t believe in.” The movie would be worth seeing just for that scene alone. Excellent!



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    





                           