The definitive 12-CD series of lectures by Barry Neil Kaufman, recorded live during training intensives at The Option Institute and Fellowship, has become a best-selling classic. For each area of discussion there is a comprehensive approach to uncovering beliefs which create unhappiness, helping you move toward a more loving, nonjudgmental attitude and lighting the path to new discoveries and new possibilities.

1. The Gift Of A Question: Becoming Our Own Expert. Learning to use questions as a powerful tool for self-discovery and personal transformation.

2. Beliefs: The Freedom To Choose. Take the mystery out of behaviors and feelings by understanding how and why we choose our beliefs. Choice as a factor for real and lasting change. A key Option Process® tape.

3. The Option Process: The Nature Of The Dialogue Process. An amazing and gentle tool to bring our choices into clear focus and to make changes right now. A complete presentation of the dialogue questions and the underlying attitude that makes them work so effectively.

4. Love Relationships: Coming Together in Acceptance Without Judgments. Learn to create vital, secure and supportive relationships with the people you love. How to recognize pitfalls and problems...and how to dissolve them.

5. Children: The Way It Is/The Way It Could Be. How to make sense out of our own childhood and the children in our lives.

6. The Role of the Therapeutic Relationship: The Freedom to Be Happy. How to honor the dignity of each person and nurture their inner direction...as well as our own.

7. Health and Psychosomatic Illness: The Mind As A Guide toward Well-Being. Break the disease/distrust pattern and learning attitudinal keys to healing.

8. Trust: Moving In Harmony With Our Inner Knowing. Go beyond the evidence and find a deeper resource to guide us.

9. Guilt: Living Life Without It. Discover and drop the underlying beliefs that fuel it.

10. Sexuality: Challenging The Myths/Releasing The Judgments. Take the mystery out of the taboos, shoulds and expectations...and find a new basis of comfort and confidence in sexual expression.

11. Money: Abundance Begins With Trust. Change our financial reality by changing our beliefs.

12. Psychic Experience: An Adventure In Intuition. Make our hunches and insights useful. Going beyond fear and superstition and making a difference in someone's life (including our own).