The Orion Mystery: Unlocking the Secrets of the Pyramids
By Robert Bauval, Adrian Gilbert
Three Rivers Press | 1994 | eISBN: 978-0-307-55886-2 | EPUB/MOBI/LIT/PDF | mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Orion-Mystery-Unlocking-Secrets-Pyramids/dp/0517884542

This fascinating archaeological detective story argues that the great pyramids of Egypt's Fourth Dynasty (c. 2600-2400 b.c.) were vast astronomically sophisticated temples, rather than the pharaonic tombs depicted by conventional Egyptology. In March 1993, a tiny remote-controlled robot created by Rudolf Gantenbrink, a German robotics engineer, traveled up airshafts within the Great Pyramid of Giza and relayed to scientists video pictures of a hitherto unknown sealed door within the pyramid. Bauval, a British engineer and writer who has been investigating the pyramids for more than ten years, and Gilbert, a British publishing consultant, use Gantenbrink's tantalizing discovery as a launching pad for an extended analysis of the purpose of the mysterious airshafts, which lead from the Great Pyramid's chambers to its exterior, and of the placement of other Fourth Dynasty pyramids. They were sited, the authors argue, to coincide with the key stars of Orion, a constellation that had religious significance for the Egyptians.
Bauval and Gilbert claim that the shafts were pointed directly at important stars in Orion--that is, at those stars as they were placed in ancient times. Using astronomical data about stellar movement, they argue that the Orion stars coincide exactly with the pyramids' positions in approximately 10,400 b.c.-a period the Egyptians called the First Time, when they believed the god Osiris ruled the Earth.
The authors also speculate that the mysterious space within the Great Pyramid discovered by Gantenbrink contains the mythical Benben stone, which the Egyptians linked to the creation of the world. The book's contentions are sometimes far-fetched and certainly unlikely to put scholarly controversy about the pyramids to rest. Still, this is an enjoyably radical rethinking of the mystery of the pyramids, with some ingenious arguments made in lucid style.

CONTENTS
List of Plates
List of Line Illustrations
Acknowledgements
Prologue - The Last Wonder of the Ancient World
1 The Genesis of the Orion Mystery
2 The Mountains of the Star Gods
3 The Discovery of the Pyramid Texts
4 Let the Pyramid Texts ' Speak'
5 The Giza Plan
6 Giza and the Belt of Orion
7 The Star Correlation Theory
8 The Brother of Osiris
9 Intermezzo at the Pyramids
1 0 The Great Star-Clock of the Epochs
1 1 The Seed of the Phoenix
1 2 The Roads of Osiris
Epilogue
Appendix 1 Astronomical Investigation Concerning the so-called Air-shafts of Cheops's Pyramid
Appendix 2 Precession
Appendix 3 The Secret Chambers of the Sanctuary of Thoth
Appendix 4 The Survival of the Star Religion
Appendix 5 Logistics of the Shafts in Cheops's Pyramid
Appendix 6 The Horizon of Khufu
Appendix 7 The 'Sons of Ra' and the Osirian Rebirth of the Pyramid Kings
Notes and References
Bibliography