* Hello nice TV series fans ...

* Enjoy this 9 episodes TV serie ...

* The Borgias (2011 TV series)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For the series created by Tom Fontana, see Borgia (TV series).
The Borgias

Genre 	Historical fiction
Created by 	Neil Jordan

Starring 	

    Jeremy Irons
    François Arnaud
    Holliday Grainger
    Joanne Whalley
    Lotte Verbeek
    David Oakes
    Sean Harris
    Simon McBurney
    Steven Berkoff
    Aidan Alexander
    Colm Feore

Theme music composer 	Trevor Morris
Country of origin 	

    Canada
    Hungary
    Ireland

Language(s) 	English
No. of seasons 	1
No. of episodes 	9 (List of episodes)
Production
Executive producer(s) 	

    Neil Jordan
    Jack Rapke
    Darryl Frank
    John Weber
    Sheila Hockin
    James Flynn

Producer(s) 	

    Neil Jordan
    Michael Hirst

Location(s) 	Hungary
Running time 	55 minutes
Production company(s) 	

    Take 5 Productions
    CTV
    Showtime

Broadcast
Original channel 	

   

The Borgias is a 2011 historical fiction television series created by Neil Jordan.
The series is based on the Borgia family, an Italian dynasty of Spanish origin, and stars Jeremy Irons as Pope Alexander VI and David Oakes, François Arnaud, Holliday Grainger and Aidan Alexander as Juan, Cesare, Lucrezia and Gioffre Borgia, respectively. Derek Jacobi also stars as Cardinal Orsini.
It premiered on April 3, 2011, at at 9 p.m. ET on Showtime in the United States and 10 p.m. Eastern (UTC−04:00) on Bravo! in 

Canada.

On April 25, 2011, Showtime ordered a second season of The Borgias.

* Plot overview

The series follows the rise of the Borgia family to the pinnacle of 
the church and their struggles to maintain their grip on power. 
The beginning of the first season depicts the election of Rodrigo Borgia to the papacy through simony and bribery with the help of his son, Cesare. The triumph of Borgia, who became Pope Alexander VI, in the papal conclave enrages his rivals in the College of Cardinals, some of whom decided to plot against him. 
With the help of his family, Alexander takes on his enemies while striking alliances with other European powers to strengthen his position.
Meanwhile, Alexander's great rival, Cardinal Della Rovere travels across Italy and France to seek allies to depose the pope. He manages to persuade the King Charles of France to assist him in removing Pope Alexander in exchange for supporting the King's claim to the throne of Naples, an ally of the Borgias through marriage. Season one culminates with Charles and his army, accompanied by Della Rovere, marching to Rome and finally coming to a head with the Borgias.


* ENGLISH LANGUAGE WITH PORTUGUESE SUBTITLES



* enjoy




* GLOBE FILES 2011 *