           ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦





                            Naval Warfare RIP

♦                                                                         ♦

Release Date  :  25/05/2011                Protection  :  Nothing

Release Type  :  RIP 37x10.00MB            Company     :  Just A Game

♦                                                                         ♦

Release Notes:



In a fantasy world of Victorian architecture, war is raging between

the industrial superpowers. As Commander of a Naval Super-Destroyer,

it is your duty to destroy the enemy's mighty Boss Units in a military

campaign of epic proportions in, under and above the surface. If you

are to emerge victorious from a variety of challenging scenarios, you

must lead your troops against wave after wave of massive attacks from

ships, planes and gigantic Special Forces.



Features:



Destructive: Powerful weapons with many lethal upgrades



Comprehensive: Great variety of enemy units with ships,

submarines, planes and futuristic vehicles



Explosive: Challenge your friends in the immensely variable

multi-player mode or play alongside them against the PC in

Co-operational Mode



Impressive: An exciting story-line plus sensational graphics with

incredible effects and stylish cut-scenes guarantee maximum enjoyment.





RIPPED: Nothing

♦                                                                         ♦

Install Notes:



1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent

2. Install by running unl-navw.exe

3. Start game with naval warfare.exe or use the desktop link

4. Enjoy!



Remember to support quality games!



♦                                                                         ♦



  Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!



♦                                                                         ♦

                         " Prepare to be Unleashed! "