Jane Austen has always been my most favourite novelist! Her wit and candor
have always been truly impressive to those that come upon her in one way or
another.

1280 X 720p at 1500k video bitrate 256k audio bitrate, 
Optional SRT subtitles found on the net and included here are in Bulgarian
and Russian (we don't have Russian subtitles for one of the episodes however).
DivX converter Plus produced faulty video as it had stick moments now and then.
So we had to resort to using some other converter with results that are nice
enough to our purposes in promoting culture in this great Television Series -
although we treat it here as a movie as it is essentially that - except for its
length of approximately six hours. We have kept this offering to 4GB so as to
fit on a single layer disc as they are most reasonable to purchase and share with.
We have watched all the files from beginning to end as a final step before this
launch.

Please note: 
We are on minimal speed at early evenings due to throttling however we are 
launching at several times our usual speed to get you on your way. Please share
and consider seeding this great series too with us - we are trying to improve our
world using these means too.

Pride and Prejudice is a wake-up call for those that choose to display
a tendency to hatefulness which they need not do, and which they can instead
control using their better instincts and judgment. This is true of the character
of Mr. Darcy who nonethleless has his redeeming qualities, guided by
the alluring Ms. Elizabeth. I find myself personally quite taken by Ms. Charlotte
who it appears is resigned to her lot in life absent of romantic fulfillment
in what is an era concerned with security and comfort in the basics of life
equally - or even more so perhaps.

As to the culture that saw many women as lower forms of beings in some respect
if their families didn't match in attainment of wealth as similar levels to
the superior achievers, or who might be ostracized in all of their prospects for 
happiness or fortune for the mishap of a single elopement in the family (and what
have you), thank goodness for progress in our world! It is an education indeed
to hear British culture as practiced at the time described in the words used
in plain fashion in this writing of Jane Austen most particularly I think -
amidst other such writers in any event.

Lets decide to equally render obsolete (anachronistic in respect of propriety)
the musings of Mr. Darcy who Miss Elizabeth describes as a man lacking true
virtue at the start in that he displays too much of a propensity to hate all
that he encounters rather than putting some more sense into his views as she
thinks he might do instead.

In any event, her beauty and charm win the day as he is certainly won over in his
efforts to improve himself morally in this respect.

All's well that ends well, so I will not dwell any further on what misgvings
one might have of the views of Mr. Darcy in his poor handling of  the feelings
of others (such as Miss Elizabeth) at the outset - obviously he isn't
incorrigible certainly and therefore this novel indicates hope for all of
mindset i think. A great romantic story in perhaps the most celebrated
of novels written in the English language.


Michael Rizzo Chessman







 

















 





 