Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/2319_1.jpg.html


Screens

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/2318_2.jpg.html
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/2317_3.jpg.html


Raylene, Rhyse Richards, Ariella Ferrera, Puma Swede, Kid Dynamite, Slave Eric, Jake Malone

MeanBitch Productions director Glenn King presents a special installment of his popular female-dominant face-sitting series. FemDom Ass Worship 6: MILF Edition gives us four beautiful-but-deadly, mature broads who'll stop at nothing to subjugate the pathetic men who struggle beneath their powerful asses. Each scene begins with a POV segment during which a sneering bitch orders the viewer to pleasure her ass, to exacting specifications. Afterward, a male victim shows up and falls under the spell of his Mistress' face-crushing wrath, his only reward a harsh hand job. Vinyl-clad, big-boobed, big-bottomed porn legend Raylene rules a private dungeon where she overpowers pathetic Kid Dynamite with her mighty buttocks. She grinds herself to orgasm on his face, then roughly milks the goo from his wiener by hand, leaving him locked up, used and humiliated, in the stocks. Next, uncaring cunt Ariella Ferrera is exercising in the gym, her giant rack spilling from a tiny tank top, when she grabs a nearby gym slave for some tongue-cleaning of her sweaty asshole. She gets herself off at the expense of his dignity and ability to breathe, humping his face with delight, and when he spurts his goo she makes him lick it all from her fingers. Rhyse Richards is a self-centered teacher with an enormous pair of round tits. This awe-inspiring redhead takes charge of the school principal by sitting on his face and making him service her cunt, asshole and tangy bare feet. All the while, Rhyse's fantasies grow more grandiose and terrifying as she declares her intent to subjugate the male population of the entire school! Lastly, huge-titted blonde witch Puma Swede, in a little halter top and minuscule skirt, assaults her landlord using her big butt cheeks. She gets her jollies by stomping his nose with her ass, and "turns him out" as a whore by dressing him in a blonde wig and slathering his mouth with lipstick — which gets smeared all over Puma's anus before she allows Eric a much-needed hand release. These MILFs insist on topping from with their bottoms!
FemDom Ass Worship 6: MILF Edition, from MeanBitch Productions director Glenn King and Buttman Magazine Choice, is a single-disc DVD with bonus foot worship material, a cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list and trailers.