I recently pulled a large number of comedy albums from a variety of sources. Some of them were ready to go, some needed tag fixing, some needed to be converted from FLAC to something humans use, and some were old LP rips from vinyl that were torrented as a single mp3 file, regardless of track. I am releasing these with this generic disclaimer at the top to save the time of having to explain each one individually. These are released AS IS, and lower bit rate albums cannot be re-torrented as higher quality as I don’t HAVE the original albums. I’m just doing what I can to make sure as much standup comedy as possible is out there on the public trackers and not just on private ones. Much thanks to all the original OPs, especially those folks who have ripped older LP albums that are so much harder to find than more recent stuff. Wherever possible, I have fixed tags, included album notes and artwork, and listed the album tracks. As a lover of comedy, I hope some of you younger folks take a chance on loading some of the older and perhaps unknown (to YOU!) stuff, and giving it a chance. There WAS comedy before Daniel Tosh and Tim Minchin, and some of it was freaking brilliant. Try to expand your repertoire. Enjoy.
 
http://bayimg.com/MaCejAaDl
 
http://allmusic.com/artist/greg-behrendt-p745918/biography


Gregory the Bro Behrendt (born July 21, 1963) is an American stand-up comedian and author. His working as a script consultant to the HBO sitcom Sex and the City, starring Sarah Jessica Parker, paved way for co-authoring of the New York Times bestseller He's Just Not That into You (2004), later adapted into a film by the same name.[1] Apart from that he also hosted two short-lived talk shows, The Greg Behrendt Show (2006) and Greg Behrendt's Wake Up Call (2009).

Biography

When he made his big standup comedy debut in 2005 with the Uncool DVD, Greg Behrendt had already co-authored the two-million-copy bestseller He's Just Not That into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys. The idea for the snide-help book came to Behrendt when he worked as a consultant and executive story editor for three consecutive seasons on HBO's Sex and the City. He teamed with fellow Sex and the City story editor Liz Tuccillo, and the two released He's Just Not That into You in 2004. Bolstered by not one but two appearances on Oprah, the book went on to top numerous bestseller lists, and was eventually optioned by New Line Cinema for a film to be co-written by Behrendt. In 2005 he teamed with his wife, Amiira Ruotola-Behrendt, for a sequel, It's Called a Breakup Because It's Broken: The Smart Girl's Breakup Buddy. By the end of the year, Warner Bros. released his first standup DVD, Uncool. The Uncool material focused on what is cool and what rocks, questions frequently explored at the monthly Bring the Rock show Behrendt was hosting at Los Angeles' Café Largo. In 2006, Warner Bros. issued the audio portion of Uncool as a CD right as the daytime televsion talk show The Greg Behrendt Show made its premiere. 

 
1 Build Me a House 	 	 2:10 	 	
2 Chicken Fingers 	 	 1:56 	 	
3 The Zen of Flying 	 	 3:15 	 	
4  That Guy from That Thing 	 7:13 	 	
5 I Made a Bird 	 	 3:02 	 	
6 Sex In the Bottom 	 	 4:34 	 	
7 Sex In the Bottom 	 	 8:41 	 	
8 God's Lobby 	 	         1:01 	 	
9 How Do I Get In a Relationship 1:25 	 	
1 0The Flipside Cracker 	 5:24 	 	
11 Murse 	 		 4:00 	 	
12 Free Pass 	 		 4:04 	 	
13 The Guy My Wife Wants 	 8:38 	 	
14 I Will Not Shit My Pants	 3:41

