
Product overview

Product description:

This package includes the three airports of Luxembourg in great detail and the complete country with all relevant landmarks and sightseeing objects. It has detailed mesh and aerial imagery covering the terrain. All buildings on and around the airport of ELLX are photorealistic. 

Luxembourg is, with an area of 2586 km², the second smallest country in European Union. But it houses a large amount of international institutions that create a steady stream of civil servants to and from the Duchy. For example the European Court of Justice, European Court of Auditors, European Investment Bank and the secretariat of the European Parliament.

Although not know as an aviation superpower it does have three airports and it handles an amazing amount of passengers from the surrounding countries. Sixteen airlines, including German Charter airlines fly on Findel. There are two airlines using Findel as their home base: passenger airline Luxair and cargo airline Cargolux. Cargolux has a direct connection to the highway and is a major company from a small country.

This package includes the detailed airports of Luxembourg and the complete country with all relevant landmarks and sightseeing objects. It has detailed mesh and aerial imagery covering the terrain. All buildings on and around the airport of ELLX are photorealistic.

Through the support of the Cargolux simulation department, all ground marks and relevant signs were adopted to reflect reality. The status resembles the date of the inauguration of Terminal A, as of August 2008.

Features:

Detailed transformation of Luxemburg-Findel Airport(ELLX), including its neighbourhood
Photo realistic ground textures on the basis of arial photographs
VFR-Airfields Noutrange(ELNT) and Useldange (ELUS) have been incorporated in the package
Obstacles and numerous places of interests in Luxembourg and Cattenom (France) were added
Detailed Mesh for all of Luxembourg
Landclasses were revised
Detailed handbook with numerous information is included
Configuration Tool for control of all seasons, as required; Activation/Deactivation tool of static aircraft
Fully supported by AES (from version 2.04)
The following details were incorporated in ELLX:

All buildings were created on the basis of aerial photos acc. to original construction plans until the middle of 2008
Gates were added in glass (transparent textures)
Animated gates at Terminal A
High resolution day-/nighttextures in two steps to optimize performance
Sound simulation at numerous places of the airport
Ground textures according to the season
Real runway- and taxiway-illumination in 3-D
Apron signs and markings as in live operations
Numerous static objects like ground service vehicles, buses, trucks add to animated dynamic reality
Additional buildings in the vicinity of the airport
AI-traffic compatible; The AFCAD-file contains all live parking positions
GA-traffic included with aircraft and expanded for add-ons of VFR-airfields