                             PART  295

                          Alternative metal 

                    ALICE IN CHAINS  -  Rooster  (1993)
                    DEFTONS  -  Bored  (1995)
                    DEFTONES  - Change  (2000)
                    ALICE IN CHAINS  - Check My Brain (2009)
                    ALICE IN CHAINS  -  Your Decision  (2009)
                    DEFTONES  - Rocket Skates (2010)


             
    "Rooster" is a grunge song by the band Alice in Chains. The song was released as a single in 1993 and is featured on the band's second studio album, "Dirt" (1992). "Rooster" peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song was included on the compilation albums "Unplugged" (1996), "Music Bank" (1999), "Greatest Hits"  (2001), and "The Essential Alice in Chains"  (2006). A demo version of the song was also included on Music Bank.
    "Adrenaline" is the debut album by Deftones, released in 1995.It was originally titled "Communion" and some promotional copies did get out, before "Adrenaline" became the name of choice. "7 Words" and "Bored" were released as singles. While the album was initially unsuccessful, extensive touring and word-of-mouth promotion built the band a dedicated fanbase and helped Adrenaline to sell over 220,000 copies.Music critic Piero Scaruffi includes "Adrenaline" at number 33, just after Deicide's self-titled album and before Judas Priest's Sad Wings of Destiny, in his classification of the best metal albums of all times.
    "Change (In the House of Flies)", often referred to as "Change", is a song by Deftones, released as the first single from their third album White Pony in June 2000. It remains their most commercially successful single to date, peaking at number three in Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart, number nine in the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at 53 in the UK Singles Chart.
    "Check My Brain" is a song by Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009). It was released as the second single from the album on August 17, 2009. The single topped the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and Billboard Rock Songs charts in September 2009.This is the first time an Alice in Chains song would hit #1 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart since their 1994 single "No Excuses". "Check My Brain" received a nomination for "Best Hard Rock Performance" at the 52nd Grammy Awards.
    "Your Decision" is a song by Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album "Black Gives Way to Blue" (2009). It was released as the third single from the album on November 16, 2009 in the UK, and was released in the US on December 1, 2009. The fourth track of the album, "Your Decision" features an acoustic rhythm and breaks from the dark, aggressive leanings of the previous songs in exchange for a more upbeat feel. The single has, so far, reached number one on the Billboard Rock Songs chart, number one on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and number four on the Alternative Songs chart. This makes Alice in Chains the first artist to have two songs top the US Rock Songs chart.
    “Rocket Skates” is a song by Deftones. It was released as the lead single from their 2010 album, "Diamond Eyes". It is also the first single released without bassist Chi Cheng, who was in a coma during the time of recording following a car accident in October 2008. The single was recorded with former Quicksand bassist Sergio Vega, who also fills in on bass for the entirety of Diamond Eyes. The song was well received by music critics, and compared to Deftones' older and heavier material. Amy Sciarretto of Noisecreep claimed the song is, "heavier than granite and very Deftones circa '98," and Annie Zaleski of Riverfront Times stated, "calling it 'heavy' doesn't do it justice."
