Downloader Instructions
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
[img]members/41/ProverbsC                                           POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Book of Proverbs



This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech  --  High Speed Server

POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Book of Proverbs

The Book of Proverbs could be titled, ''Wise Up'' and Live. Beyond simply obeying laws, this book focuses on leading an aggressively dynamic life, giving examples of proper and improper attitudes, conduct, and characteristics in succinct, penetrating ways. A proverb can be thought of as ''a short sentence from long experience'': it is easy to remember, yet it condenses much wisdom into a small space.

''All Scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable'' in four ways: for doctrine - whats right: for reproof - whats not right: for correction - how to get right: and for instruction in righteousness - how to stay right (2 Timothy 3:16). This book touches on all four of these.

Includes MP3 files

This is a 4 DVD set containing the following 8 sessions:

   * Proverbs Session 1 - Chapters 1-4 - Introduction. Wisdom and Folly. The Path of Wisdom
   * Proverbs Session 2 - Ch. 5-9 - Sexual Purity. Good Business Practices. Gods Hate List. The Lure of the Harlot. The Path to Destruction.
   * Proverbs Session 3 - Ch. 10-14 - The Main Collection of Solomons Proverbs. The Most Painful Sin: Gossip.
   * Proverbs Session 4 - Ch. 15-19 - The Main Collection of Solomons Proverbs. The Godly Tongue vs. the Evil Tongue. Right Use of Words vs. Wrong Use of Words.
   * Proverbs Session 5 - Ch. 20-24 - Dangers of Intoxication. The Sayings of the Wise Men.
   * Proverbs Session 6 - Ch. 25-29 - Hezekiahs Collection of Solomons Proverbs.
   * Proverbs Session 7 - Ch. 30 - The Words of Agur. Whats in a Name?
   * Proverbs Session 8 - Ch. 31 - The Words of Lemuels Mother. Tribute to the Godly, Dedicated Woman.

Encoding: Region 0 (NTSC only. This DVD will be viewable in other countries WITH the proper DVD player snd television set. Read more about DVD formats.)
Format: Color, Fullscreen
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Audio Encoding: Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo
Run Time: 8 hour(s)
Number of discs: 4

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://crusadefortruth.com/                                                                             Free Video Downloads -  Harold Krueger 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                      Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                           End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                     Pasteur Carl Gallops                                                                                 Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Prayers in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                      Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                   Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod      Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                                                         

            (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    




