Hidden History - NWO (New World Order).

-------
Friendly WARNING for Audio Quality Purists:
It's COMPUTER GENERATED VOICE and NOT book read by human reader!

If you don't like this fact then simply DO NOT download it and complain later.
-------

I include this as it is extremely relevant in the socialist coup in progress.  Truly, information that is worth sharing with others.

Give these thoughts consideration, no matter any preconcieved knowledge of this book.

There was a book published in 1967, "Report from Iron Mountain".  This book is a template of our predicament today.  It is a very interesting book that literally foretold the future as Obama and company throws it at us.  For that very reason it is extremely relevant today, a must read.  The entire100 page book can be googled, read between the lines!

Relevant in that it spoke of a scenario where a plausible, not necessarily true, just believable world wide environmental threat would be the basis to subject a populace to extreme and unwarranted taxes in order to keep them subject to the rule of government.  The book suggested that a credible threat to the planet would unite people, or more accurately motivate people to work to save the planet and do what ever was necessary to sustain life.  They would give of their money and their freedoms to save the planet.  The book was adamant that the key was to make the threat credible, that was the key. (Al Gore and the scientists embedded within the university system, credible?) 

There is much more to the book, that has come to be as well.  Aliens and UFO’s, (All the rage today, with the latest technologies focused on finding aliens) blood sports like the Ultimate fighters even come to play, etc..  Google “Report from Iron Mountain”, the book is only a hundred or so pages long and I found extremely interesting, in that it so accurately reflects today, yet was written in 1967.  The template for conditioning the populace! 

The book highlights a huge part of the Socialist’s plan, as today they attempt to gain control, and in the future they will attempt to retain control through a one world peace keeping force.  Watch out for the outright confiscation of guns soon, this must occur as Americans will not go down easy, and there are plenty of Americans left, right?

Save your condemnation until after you have read this book, hoax or true, need not matter actually.  The fact that this plan was laid out, published in 1967 for the world to see does not diminish if it was a hoax, indeed not at all.  The plan as written is in progress, this is undeniable.  It is not circumstance.

But imagine, it is true as stated, which is a very credible bet, and the reality is that, omg.  