DCOM DISNEY CHANNEL ORIGINAL MOVIE

Den Brother-Scouting Brother 2010 NL Dutch Subtitled SDTV DVDR-5 PAL - Disney Channel Netherlands NL
Recorded from Analog TV from Disney Channel Netherlands with Samsung DVD-HR753
DVDR-5-Video files based on a Single VOB file that you can direct burn on DVD 4,7GB Disc, or watch them without breaks on your PC/Mac!

Size: 3,22GB
Compression: MPEG2 
Extension: VOB
Audio Language/Taal: English/Engels Stereo AC3 384kbps
Subtitles/Ondertitels : Dutch/Nederlands Nederlandse
Ondertiteld Subtitled Subs NL Ondertiteling
Alone Hard Coded subs
Region/Regio: 4:3 Normal PAL free/vrij
IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1376699/
Rapid.Share: http://freetexthost.com/tfaj3gnkam
Pass: z33b4 (Only to see links, Rars don't have password)
(With this service you can download this movie at maximum speed without seeding, but it required paying, and this download can be blocked by Disney)

United States
Family
89 Minutes

directed by Mark L. Taylor
with Hutch Dano, G. Hannelius and Kelsey Chow

Den Brother is a Disney Channel Original Movie about a high school hockey player and his little sister. Alex Pearson (Hutch Dano) is the older brother attending Lemon Oaks High and has a crush on the prettiest girl in school. He desperately wants a car to impress her but his dad doesn't agree based on Alex's general attitude. In an attempt to get back in his father's good graces and get the car, he starts doing more chores and babysitting his little sister Emily (G. Hannelius). He finds himself becoming leader of his little sister's girl-scout type group called the Den Mothers. He is juggling his duties as a leader of the troop and his aspirations as a hockey player while trying to get the girl at the same time! This is a fun movie that just about anyone can enjoy. 

Een tienerjongen is teleurgesteld als hij - als straf voor een kwajongenstreek - zijn hockeytraining moet opgeven en een avond op zijn kleine zusje moet passen. Deze avond loopt anders dan gepland: zijn zusje en haar vrienden van de padvinderij wijzen hem aan als hun nieuwe begeleider.

Please seed to a minimum of 1.000 to keep the torrent online!
Thank you!