 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/d3/6b/c633c060ada036e7f2cb0210.L.jpg


Title: City to City
Artist: Gerry Rafferty
Audio CD (October 25, 1990) 
Original Release Date: 1978 
Number of Discs: 1 
Genre: Rock
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


**** Hi-Res Scans Included ****


Track Listing:

01. The Ark
02. Baker Street
03. Right Down The Line
04. City To City
05. Stealin' Time
06. Mattie's Rag
07. Whatever's Written In Your Heart
08. Home And Dry
09. Island
10. Waiting For The Day 


Allmusic Review:
Gerry Rafferty is a huge talent, but a reluctant star. Management struggles and sundry other hindrances limited his output, but couldn't avert the Scot from releasing two legendary singles -- the Tarantino-ized "Stuck in the Middle With You" and the unforgettable "Baker Street," the latter included on this record. Just a glimpse of John Patrick Byrne's cool cover art lets the listener know City to City houses Rafferty's day in the sun as he conquers the world one metropolis at a time, his guitar and amp in tow. Setting out in his apocalyptic "Ark," each song radiates the confidence of a master craftsman cruising in his prime, constructing brilliant pop confections with top-flight support while awaiting the crunch of civilization. The dreamy reality check "Baker Street" rightfully remains one of the greatest cuts in pop history. Forever-lost B-side "Big Change in Weather" further demonstrates Rafferty was on a rare roll. Domestic valentine "Right Down the Line" snugly followed to the height of the charts, and third release, "Home and Dry," while not of an immortal status, stands as a quality song. He even stomps out a smooth hoedown on the title track. Rafferty's turns of phrase and tight composition skills create a fresh sound and perspective all his own. Any diverse style (and he attempts many) filters through his unique mindset, resulting in a classic platter buoyed by many moments of sheer genius. "Whatever's written in your heart, that's all that matters." 
