Various Artists  Blind Man Blues
Released: 2011
Recordings made: 1926-1956
Label: Not Now Music
Format:Flac

Review by Steve Leggett (Allmusic)

The blues belongs to everyone, and everyone essentially understands what it means to have the blues, but when you’re blind, and you’re black, and you live in the South, and you have to earn your keep, you can understand the blues at its deepest levels. There are so many blind blues players in the early history of recorded blues for a very simple reason. You didn’t have to see to be able to sing and play guitar, banjo, or piano, and if you played and sang well enough, you could pay your way. A collection of early blues sides by black blind musicians is an odd way to approach a blues anthology, but it works very well for this two-disc, 50-track set, which not only delivers classic blues takes from the likes of Ray Charles, Rev. Gary Davis, Blind Boy Fuller, Sleepy John Estes, Blind Willie Johnson, Blind Blake, Blind Willie McTell, Blind Lemon Jefferson, and others, it also illustrates how the early blues was a truly commercial music, a way of using the blues to ease the blues, both emotionally and financially -- which is why some say that only the blues can cure the blues

Disc 1 

1 .Lonely Avenue- Ray Charles
2. I’m Gonna Meet You At The Station- Rev. Blind Gary Davis
3. When You Are Gone- Blind Boy Fuller
4. Working Man Blues- Sleepy John Estes
5.Dark Was The Night – Cold Was The Ground- Blind Willie Johnson
6. Death Cell Blues- Blind Willie McTell
7. Nobody’s Fault But Mine- Blind Willie Johnson
8.Third Street Woman Blues- Blind Joe Reynolds
9. Matchbox Blues- Blind Lemon Jefferson
10.Detroit Bound Blues- Blind Blake
11.My Brownskin Sugar Plum- Blind Boy Fuller 
12. Who’s Been Here?- Bo Carter
13.Barbecue Bust- Blind Roosevelt Graves
14.Your Love Belongs To Me- Blind John Davis
15.Scarey Day Blues- Blind Willie McTell
16.You Can Go Home- Rev. Blind Gary Davis
17.One Time Blues- Blind Blake
18.Pussy Cat Blues- Bo Carter
19.Special Agent Blues- Sleepy John Estes
20.Doing A Stretch- Blind Blake
21 Hittin’ The Bottle Stomp- Blind Roosevelt Graves
22.If I Had My Way I’d Tear The Building Down- Blind Willie Johnson
23.Catman Blues- Blind Boy Fuller
24.It’s A Good Little Thing- Blind Willie McTell
25.Blackjack- Ray Charles

Disc 2 

1. Misery In My Heart- Ray Charles
2. Magic Carpet- Blind John Davis
3. Time Is Drawing Near- Sleepy John Estes
4. Lost Lover Blues- Blind Boy Fuller
5. Cross And Evil Woman Blues- Rev. Blind Gary Davis
6. Dangerous Woman- Blind Roosevelt Graves
7. My Pencil Won’t Write No More- Bo Carter
8. Got The Blues- Blind Lemon Jefferson
9. Outside Woman Blues- Blind Joe Reynolds
10.Soul Of A Man- Blind Willie Johnson
11.Statesboro Blues- Blind Willie Mc Tell
12.Floating Bridge- Sleepy John Estes
13.Long Lonesome Blues- Blind Lemon Jefferson
14.I Cannot Bear My Burden By Myself- Rev.Blind Gary Davis
15.Rattlesnakin’ Daddy- Blind Boy Fuller
16.Sweeter As The Years Roll By- Blind Willie Johnson
17.Ninety Nine Blues- Blind Joe Reynolds
18.One Time Blues- Blind Blake
19.Banana In Your Fruit Basket- Bo Carter
20.When The War Was On- Blind Willie Johnson
21.Bad Luck Blues- Blind Lemon Jefferson
22.Poor John Blues- Sleepy John Estes
23.Homesick And Lonesome Blues- Blind Boy Fuller
24.Skippy Whippy- Blind Roosevelt Graves
25.Late In The Evening Blues- Ray Charles