Do not cut and run. Stay around to seed, please.

Nicky Robinson is back at fly-half as Gloucester end the regular section of the Aviva Premiership calendar with a home fixture against Sale Sharks. Robinson was forced to leave the field during the recent win over Saints with a dead leg but is back and raring to go as Gloucester sign off at Kingsholm for 2010/11. The only other change to the back-line that started at Saracens the weekend before last sees Rory Lawson return to partner Robinson at half-back. There are more tweaks to the pack where only Scott Lawson and Alasdair Strokosch retain their places in the starting line-up. Meanwhile, there is a welcome return to the matchday squad for Lesley Vainikolo for the first time since injuring a shoulder at Leeds on January 30. Gloucester enter the weekend in third place in the table and know that a single point will secure a play-off berth with a trip to either Leicester or Saracens looming.

The Sharks defeated Gloucester 36-31 at Edgeley Park a few weeks ago and Head Coach Bryan Redpath told the media this week that his side will be looking to finish the Aviva Premiership season unbeaten at Kingsholm. "It's huge for the players. We've said all season that we're going to try and make Kingsholm a really tough place to come to and compete against us and we've done that so far," he said. "We were frustrated by the game up there and they showed some great character and fighting qualities against us. We came away and we lost the game.
"We owe it to our fans to finish the season well. There will be a few disappointed boys not involved at the weekend for various reasons and the ones that take the pitch will want to do a job for them as well. "We have everything to gain and Sale have nothing to lose. They're playing for pride and that makes them a dangerous animal."

Meanwhile, the Sharks have made six changes from the side that took the field against Exeter Chiefs on Good Friday. Looking ahead to the game, the Sharks' Executive Director of Sport Steve Diamond said that the line-up reflected saying goodbye to those departing the club."A number of the guys stepping out at Gloucester are leaving, but I'm looking for a professional display," he explained. "For anyone going down to Kingsholm on a warm spring day - as it looks like it's going to be - if you play a competitive game, you get the respect and applause of what will be a sell-out crowd. "If you go down with your tail between your legs, you will get a good hiding and no respect and that will bear on the mind of the players that are leaving."

Form: The last 16 clashes between the two teams have all been won by the home side on the day, whilst the Sharks have not won at Kingsholm since 26 August 2000. Gloucester focussing purely on events at Kingsholm Gloucester Rugby need just one point to guarantee their participation in this season's Aviva Premiership Rugby semi-finals. Gloucester's only win in their last five games was 27-15 at home to Northampton on 19 April. Gloucester remain the only side with a perfect 100 per cent winning record at home in the Premiership this season. Sale Sharks have won just one of their last four matches: 36-31 at home to Gloucester on 8 April. The Sharks' have not won away from home in the Premiership anywhere except Headingley since they visited Worcester in January 2009.

The teams:

Gloucester: 15 Tom Voyce, 14 Charlie Sharples, 13 Henry Trinder, 12 Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu, 11 James Simpson-Daniel, 10 Nicky Robinson, 9 Rory Lawson, 8 Luke Narraway (capt), 7 Akapusi Qera, 6 Alasdair Strokosch, 5 Alex Brown, 4 Dave Attwood, 3 Paul Doran-Jones, 2 Scott Lawson, 1 Nick Wood.
Replacements: 16 Darren Dawidiuk, 17 Alasdair Dickinson, 18 Rupert Harden, 19 Jim Hamilton, 20 Brett Deacon, 21 Dave Lewis, 22 Tim Taylor, 23 Lesley Vainikolo.

Sale: 15 Nick Macleod, 14 Iain Thornley, 13 Chris Bell, 12 Kyle Tonetti, 11 Will Addison, 10 Charlie Hodgson (capt), 9. Dwayne Peel, 8 Sisaro Koyamaibole. 7 Carl Fearns, 6 James Gaskell, 5 Chris Jones, 4 Nic Rouse, 3 Simon McIntyre, 2 Neil Briggs, 1 Eifion Roberts.
Replacements: 16 Marc Jones, 17 Lee Imiolek, 18 Ben Roberts, 19 Henry Thomas, 20 Sean Cox, 21 Neil McMillan, 22 Chris Leck, 23 Rob Miller.

Date: Saturday, May 7
Kick-off: 15:00 BST
Venue: Kingsholm
Referee: David Rose