Tekpub – Mastering C# 4.0 with Jon Skeet 

If youre just learning Microsofts flagship language - or if youve been at it for years - this production will teach you a lot.

1 - What's New With 4.0?

In this episode well take a quick tour of all the new goodies in C# 4.0 - showing you why you should care about this latest rev of the language. This is a summary episode only - well dive deep into each topic later on.

2 - Basics: The Coding Environment

In this episode Jon gives you a quick tour of Visual Studio 2010 - the place where youll write your code most often. This is a beginner episode, for those who have not worked with Visual Studio before.

3 - Basics: Writing Your First Class

In this episode Jon starts from the ground up - writing a C# class and then testing it with NUnit. Along the way hell talk about various details related to classes and things to look out for. Even if youre a seasoned C# developer - going over the basics never hurts - and Jon might drop some pearls of wisdom along the way!

4 - Basics: Methods, Constructors, and Exceptions

In this episode Jon covers the actions and behaviours that you can program for a C# Class. This is a beginners episode, but there is plenty in here for seasoned developers as well.

5 - Basics: Class Properties and Structure

In this episode Jon shows you how to work with Property assignments in C# and how you can set them up to convey specific behaviour of your class. This is a beginners episode - but theres a lot in here that would make for a good review for any C# developer.

6 - Basics: Integers and Operators

In this episode Jon talks about integers and the different shades of int you find in C# 4.0. He also talks about reference vs. value types, and various operators you can use when doing some maths in C#.

7 - Decimals and Floating Points

In this episode Jon walks through the various issues you might encounter when dealing with decimals and floating-point numbers. Its not straightforward in C#, and Jon gives you practical advice on when and how to use the various types in C#.

8 - Strings: Equality, Interning, and Concatenation

In this episode (the first of a small series on Strings) Jon takes a look at the beloved, intense, misunderstood and vast System.String class. Hell walk you through Equality - how to tell if a string truly equals another, Interning and if you should care about it, and Concatenation: when do you need a StringBuilder?

9 - String Manipulation

In this episode Jon shows you how to manipulate strings using Substring, IndexOf and Split.

10 - Regular Expressions

In this episode Jon walks you through 3 scenarios where Regular Expressions can help - and also hurt. Simple string replacement and matching, as well as a more complicated example of log parsing.

11 - Encoding

In this episode Jon shows you the various ways that C# represents strings and how you can manipulate encodings.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TO USE .iso FILES DOWNLOAD THIS;       
http://thepiratebay.org/search/Power%20iso%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/300	


