Gladys Mitchell - The Saltmarsh Murders (Unabridged) - Read by Gordon Griffin


Source CD
Duration approx 8:07 hours 
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


The book

Noel Wells, curate in the sleepy village of Saltmarsh, likes to spend his time dancing in the study with the vicar’s niece until one day the vicar’s unpleasant wife discovers her unmarried housemaid is pregnant and trouble begins. It is left to Noel to call for the help of sometime-detective and full-time Freudian Mrs Bradley, who sets out on an unnervingly unorthodox investigation into the mysterious pregnancy, an investigation that also takes in a smuggler, the village lunatic, a missing corpse, a public pillory, an exhumation and, of course, a murderer. Mrs. Bradley is easily one of the most memorable personalities in crime fiction and in this classic whodunit she proves that some English villages can be murderously peaceful. 


The author

Gladys Mitchell was an English schoolteacher and the author of over sixty novels featuring her unconventional heroine, Mrs Bradley. An early member of the Detection Club, alongside Agatha Christie, G.K Chesterton and Dorothy L. Sayers, she was awarded the Crime Writers Association Silver Dagger in 1976. Her hobbies included architecture and writing poetry. She studied the works of Sigmund Freud and her interest in witchcraft was encouraged by her friend, the detective novelist Helen Simpson.


The reader

Gordon Griffin has recorded almost 400 audio books ranging from Gogol to Chris Ryan from Dickens to Catherine Cookson. Recent recordings include The Sixth Lamentation by William Brodrick, Hotel Babylon by Imogen Ewards-Jones, Play to the End by Robert Goddard, The Stranger House by Reginald Hill and the latest novels of John Harvey, Donna Leon and Chris Ryan.

Gordon has won many awards for his narration, including The Golden Earphone Award 2005 for The Lost Army of Cambyses by Paul Sussman.

AudioFile magazine described him as "not just a narrator but a true artist of the spoken word".


Enjoy and Seed!!