1952 - Road to Bali - Bob Hope, Bing Crosby 

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1326kbps 
Duration.............: 1:31:33
Resolution...........: 600*458 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,050,910,696 
NO SUBTITLES
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Road_to_Bali
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0045094/
 
http://bayimg.com/BaLKhAaDB


Road to Bali is a 1952 comedy film starring Bing Crosby, Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour. It was released by Paramount Pictures and is the sixth of the seven Road to … movies. It was the only such movie filmed in color and was the first to feature surprise cameo appearances from other well-known stars of the day.

***NOTE*** - Wikipedia notes that issues regarding copyright conflicts and idiotic studio descisions regarding film storage and treatment have left the final 3 films in this series in less-than-perfect condition. Unlike the first four, this DVD did not provide a high quality print, subtitles, or even the original trailer. Still, it is the best AVI rip currently available of the film. The commercial DVD is no better. Here's hoping someday someone releases a superior commercial copy. 

Cast

Bing Crosby as George Cochran
Bob Hope as Harold Gridley
Dorothy Lamour as Princess Lalah McTavish
Murvyn Vye as Prince Ken Arok
Peter Coe as Gung
Ralph Moody as Bhoma Da
Leon Askin as King Ramayana

Cameos
Among the celebrities who made token "gag" appearances in this film are bandleader Bob Crosby (Bing's brother), Humphrey Bogart, by way of a clip from The African Queen, Jerry Lewis, Dean Martin, and Jane Russell, as her character from the 1952 film Son of Paleface. The cameo by Martin and Lewis were part of a 'comedy trade' where they made an appearance in this movie, while Hope and Crosby appeared in Martin and Lewis's Scared Stiff the following year. Martin and Lewis also made films for Paramount at the time.

Plot

George and Harold, American song-and dance-men performing in Melbourne, Australia, have to leave in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals. They end up in Darwin, where they take jobs as pearl divers for a prince.

They are taken by boat to an idyllic island on the way to Bali, (the location is unclear, but possibly in the Maluku Islands). They vie with each other for the favours of exotic (and half-Scottish) Princess Lalah, a cousin of the Prince. The hazardous dive produces a chest of priceless jewels, which the prince plans to claim as his own.

After escaping from the prince and his henchmen, the three are shipwrecked and washed up another island. Lalah is now in love with both of the boys and can't decide which to chose. Following further romantic complications, the boys participate in a traditional marriage ceremony, both thinking they're marrying Lalah. In fact, she's being unwillingly married to the already much-married King.

Harold conjures up Jane Russell from a basket by playing a flute and thinks that he's going to get her. But she chooses otherwise and George walks off with both Jane and Lala. Harold is left alone on the beach, demanding that the film shouldn't finish and asking the audience to stick around to see what's going to happen.