A professor, his wife, a student, and a married woman travel to a hotel on the edge of the forest for a week-long vacation. The forest represents the world outside their experiences and spheres of influence. When they enter the forest, their thoughts, words and actions become one. The married woman's husband comes to collect her although she is not ready to rejoin the real world.

------------------------------------------------

DVDrip


94 min | MKV-x264 720x464 | 25 fps | AC3 192 kb/s | 1.14 GB
Language: French | Subtitles: English in optional srt file

------------------------------------------------

Review:
Celluloid Breakfast said: Marguerite Duras was an unusual character in French cinematic history, a writer and director who repeatedly sought to challenge the whimsies and romantic flutters frequently associated with French films. She is perhaps best known for writing Alain Resnais’ Hiroshima Mon Amour (1959), a daring nouvelle vague romance which earned her an Oscar nomination and a special award at Cannes. This pithy oddity begins in the gardens of a hotel, populated by just two men and two women. Max is a professor who struggles to express his philosophies and bores most of his students, save his timid wife, Alissa. Max spends much of the film in pursuit of Elisabeth, a disconsolate woman sensitive to the world outside the hotel. Alissa, in the meantime, finds an admirer in the portly Stein, a voyeur who watches her nightly as she has sex with Max. Frequently, the soundtrack and image separate, leaving dialogue to run over into other scenes.
The film is clearly very personal – all of the characters appear to have aspirations of becoming writers, and the title most likely refers to Duras herself. It may then be no coincidence that, despite her attempts to remove the dialogue of charisma or fluidity, she has created an intriguing character in Alissa. Initially, Alissa appears vulnerable, forgettable; a simple asset of Max’s success. But before long, it becomes clear that, perhaps unconsciously, much of the film surrounds this woman’s effects on the group dynamic.