 http://bayimg.com/JaBcCAAdf

King of the Gypsies is a 1978 Paramount motion picture drama starring Eric Roberts, Sterling Hayden, Shelley Winters, Susan Sarandon, Brooke Shields, Annette O'Toole, and Judd Hirsch.

  Sterling Hayden  ...  King Zharko Stepanowicz  
  Shelley Winters  ...  Queen Rachel  
  Susan Sarandon  ...  Rose  
  Judd Hirsch  ...  Groffo  
  Eric Roberts  ...  Dave  
  Brooke Shields  ...  Tita  
  Annette O'Toole  ...  Sharon  
  Annie Potts  ...  Persa  
  Michael V. Gazzo  ...  Spiro Giorgio  
  Antonia Rey  ...  Danitza Giorgio  
  Stephen Mendillo  ...  Adolf  
  Daniel Spira  ...  Zio Miller  
  Joe Zaloom  ...  Rui Ilanovitch  

Directed by Frank Pierson, the screenplay was adapted by Pierson from the 1975 book King of the Gypsies by Peter Maas, which tells the story of Steve Tene and his Romani (Gypsy) family.

Several technical advisors, bit players and extras who worked on the movie were real gypsies. David Grisman composed the score, which prominently featured legendary jazz violinst Stephane Grappelli; both men also appeared onscreen as gypsy musicians.

Eric Roberts was nominated for a 1979 Golden Globe for "Best Motion Picture Acting Debut – Male" for his performance as Dave.

Gypsies with an urge to dance and a story to be told. For over 2000 years, they have wandered the face of the earth, an independent community living by their wits. Various words have come to be associated with them — freedom, good fortune, and pleasure. But that was many years ago. In recent times, their lifestyle seems even more alien to society and we wonder whether the tribes will endure.

This movie was suggested by a book Peter Maas. It tells the story of David Stepanowicz (Eric Roberts), a young man caught between three forces: his desire to renounce his gypsy roots, his father's (Judd Hirsh) enmity, and his grandfather's (Sterling Hayden) wish that he follow him as King of the Gypsies.

David tries to make a life in New York City but his mother (Susan Sarandon) calls upon him to save his sister (Brooke Shields) from an arranged marriage. Although he rescues her, she perishes in an automobile wreck caused by their enraged father. A final bloody encounter between the two men takes place after David is given a golden medallion and ring at his grandfather's death.

This unusual film offers a fascinating glimpse into the exotic folklore and lifestyle of the gypsies. Technical qualities are all first rate, especially Gene Callahan's production design, Sven Nykvist's captivating cinematography, and David Grisman's lively score —- supplemented by the gypsy violin of Stephanie Grappelli. The storyline gives newcomer Eric Roberts an excellent opportunity to display his acting abilities. He more than meets the challenge. The other interesting performance is by Susan Sarandon as his clever mother who survives by reading fortunes and stealing from the rich. King of the Gypsies is a fine wedding of craft and creativity.

