Revolution 2020 is a 2011 novel written by Chetan Bhagat. The story revolves around childhood friends Gopal, Raghav and Aarti who struggle to find success and love in Varanasi. Set in contemporary India, the protagonists go through several difficulties to achieve this in an unfair society that mostly rewards the corrupt. Protagonist Gopal gives in to the corrupt system, while Raghav fights it. The book is not just a story around the revolution; it’s also a love (triangle) story, in which the two friends fall for the same girl.

Aptly set in today\'s India where a raging debate between the Government and social activist Anna Hazare\'s fight against corruption has deeply moved the nation, the book has already created enough buzz on the internet. Fans have been writing to Bhagat expressing their anticipation for the book.




Synopsis

The story is about Gopal Mishra his friend Raghav Kashyap and their classmate girl Aarti Pratap Pradhan who hail from Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.

The story begins with a Prologue, where Chetan Bhagat is invited by Gopal Mishra, a young director of an institute named GangaTech to deliver the welcome address for the inaugration of the newly constructed MBA block in their campus. The Story deals with 3 persons whom in their lives want to achieve something which is laced with Love, Corruption and Ambition where one wanted to use his intelligence to make money, one uses his intelligence to start a revolution and the problem is that both loved the same girl.

The story is narrated by Gopal Mishra, who lives all alone in his palatial bungalow in Varanasi beginning his 5th grade where Gopal and Raghav steals a chocolate cake from their classmate Aarti. She complains this to the class teacher where she thwacks Gopal as he left his wooden ruler which had his name inscribed as GM. The story progresses as what Raghav managed to achieve, how Gopal became the director of a technical instituition by not attending college and who married whom finally forms the base of the story.