 http://www.btarena.org/games/blood-bowl-legendary-edition-reloaded




Blood Bowl Legendary Edition (c) Cyanide
   
       12/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
             1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy
             


 Special Note:
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 Hello SKIDROW friends! Today we have to discuss a serious issue with you:
 your securom 'cracks'. It has been for a long time already that some
 web/p2p groups created loaders for securom games by patching the paul.dll
 activation routine to make the game run without activation.
 It took you many months to copy it, so we would like to congratulate you
 on finally being able to steal this method. Unfortunately for you though,
 this is not a crack. In fact, you seem to understand so little of the
 securom protection, that you don't understand how to identify a crack at
 all and incorrectly identify our gothic 4 crack as a lesser protected
 executable. The files that you call 'russian', are actually files that
 were originally encrypted by securom, but that we decrypted to be able to
 run the game with the cracked executable. If your Gothic crack would be
 anything close to a crack, you would have also needed to unpack these files.
 Since you, however, did not crack Gothic, but instead created a loader to
 bypass the activation and left all the protection code active, the securom
 code will take care of these files for you.
 Simple protection holes like these should remain in the private domain so
 they can be used to make proper cracks faster and so that protection
 companies do not fix them. This has been an unwritten agreement amongst
 crackers for many many years. As an example, we had a generic loader for
 Safedisc that we kept private until Safedisc went out of use. If we had
 released it publically earlier, it might have made Safedisc much harder
 for everyone.
 We are not sure why it took you this long, because it only takes 1 byte
 patched in memory to bypass the activation and we know you must be very
 happy that you can finally 'crack' securom games and get even more points
 in your self-created game scene charts, but please go back to the drawing
 board for a few more cracking lessons and stop trying to change the rules
 of the game for the worse.
 
 
 *Last minute update*
 
 an example of the poor quality of SKIDROW's securom 'cracks' is their
 release of Starpoint Gemini. In the words of the developer:
 
 DRM was in conflict with our own exe file and that caused everything. We
 came to an agreement with GG to drop the whole protection and release the
 unprotected version. Here's the exe file. GG will be releasing the
 unprotected version tomorrow.
 
 SKIDROW released the unprotected exe as a 'hotfix', but any real crack
 would have worked fine and not needed any fix at all.

 
 Game Information:
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 The game is a combination of a tactical game and a sports game The basics
 are extremely simple: two teams, one ball. The team that carries the ball
 into the opponent's end zone scores a touchdown, the team with the most
 touchdowns at the end of the game is the winner. However, it's how you
 decide to do this that makes things interesting, the ends justify the means!
 It's not just the players you have at your disposal either. You can bribe
 the referee's to look the other way as you cripple or trample annoying
 opponents and hire illegal wizards to give you a hand directly from the
 crowd... Blood Bowl severely tests the finest tacticians' strategies. There
 are many races to accommodate every player's profile (20 in the Legendary
 Edition, 9 in the Standard Edition) and even more strategies for
 experimenting. Winning a game requires a strong game-sense and a lot of
 self-control. For the player's enjoyment, omnipresent humor and the use of
 spells, weapons, and other non-regulatory means place Blood Bowl outside of
 the classic sport simulation genre.

 
             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
            ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß
 
 1. Unrar.
 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game.
 4. Copy cracked content into install dir.
 5. Play the game, use RELOADED2010-12345678-08731 when asked for a serial.
 6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!