Artist.......: Within Temptation
Album........: The Unforgiving
Label........: Sony Music
Genre........: Metal
Catnr........: 88697833592
Source.......: DVD (LPCM 2.0
Rip.date.....: 2011-03-26
Str.date.....: 2011-03-25
Quality......: 187kbps/48.0kHz/Joint Stereo
Url..........: http://www.within-temptation.com

track  title                                          time

1.    Faster (Video Edit)                            7:45
2.    Sinad (Video Edit)                            8:56
3.    Shot in the Dark (Video Edit)                10:25
4.    The making og                                20:56
5.    Utopia (feat. Chris Jones) (Video Edit)        3:50
6.    Music from Facebook Fans DVD Chapters        12:06

Runtime  63:58
Size    84.27

Release Notes

Goth metal stars Within Temptation marry the guitar-driven force of hard rock
with the sweep and grandeur of symphonic music, and the results have made them
one of the most popular bands ever in the Netherlands. Within Temptation were
formed in 1996 by guitarist Robert Westerholt and vocalist Sharon den Adel, who
are partners on stage and off. Within Temptation\'s early material caught the
attention of the Dutch label DSFA, and they signed the group to a record deal
their first album, Enter, was released in 1997. Up until this time, Within
Temptation had been a studio project, but the success of the album led to
invitations to play several live shows, including the Dynamo Music Festival, one
of the biggest live music events in the Netherlands. Within Temptation
demonstrated their strength as a concert act, and began playing Germany,
Austria, Belgium, and the Czech Republic. Booked to play Dynamo\'s main stage in
1998, Within Temptation felt recording new material was in order, and they
released the Dance EP for the occasion. Shortly afterwards, Within Temptation
went on hiatus as the group\'s members dealt with personal commitments and
Westerholt and den Adel built a studio for their ambitious recording projects

In late 2000, Within Temptation returned with their second full-length album
and first for Sony), Mother Earth, and the band continued to appear at major
music festivals in Europe and the Netherlands the album was a major commercial
success, and the song \"Ice Queen\" was released as a single, rising to number two
on the Dutch charts. After several years of steady touring (including major
festival appearances in France and Mexico), Within Temptation returned to the
studio to record their third album, 2004\'s The Silent Force, an ambitious
project featuring a full orchestra and 80-voice choir accompanying the band. It
was their first disc to be released simultaneously in Europe and the
Netherlands, and became a major commercial success, going platinum at home and
reaching the Top Ten in Germany, Belgium, Spain, and Finland. Having become the
Netherlands\' best-selling international act, Within Temptation finally landed an
American record deal with the venerable metal imprint Roadrunner, which released
their fourth album, The Heart of Everything, in 2007. Black Symphony