lilo and stitch

Lilo, a little girl in Hawaii, unknowingly adopts a dog she names Stitch, who is actually an evil alien. Stitch is really a criminal whose ship crashed on Earth while he was being transported to an intergalactic prison. He is only taking the form of a dog (thus hiding two of his six legs) to escape detection from alien police who are searching for him. Through her love, faith and unwavering belief in "ohana" (the Hawaiian concept of family), Lilo helps unlock Stitch's heart, unexpectedly giving him the one thing he was never designed to have--the ability to care for someone else.


Lilo And Stitch 2: Stitch Has A Glitch

The unforgettable story of Lilo and Stitch continues in Disney's hilarious all-new movie Lilo And Stitch 2: Stitch Has A Glitch.

Your favourite characters return in this heartwarming comedy about bringing friends and family together even when they seem worlds apart. Before the other 625 experiments land in Hawaii, Stitch is living the good life. He helps Lilo follow in the footsteps of her mother as she prepares for the big island hula contest, but when Stitch gets a glitch, their perfect world goes haywire. Now it's going to take Lilo, Nani, Jumba, and a whole lotta "Ohana" for them to save their funny little friend.

With three classic Elvis Presley songs and exclusive bonus material, Lilo And Stitch 2 is a whole new wave of fun and excitement for the entire family.


stitch the movie

We all know Stitch was 'Experiment 626' - but did you ever wonder about the first 625? 'Stitch - The Movie' follows the fun-filled, heartwarming antics of the lovable, troublemaking little alien who splashed down to earth and touched the lives of Lilo and her extended family. Now Stitch, Pleakley and Jumba are all part of the family. But what Lilo and Stitch don't know is that Jumba smuggled his first 625 alien experiments to Earth... and now the evil Captain Gantu wants those other aliens back.

It's up to Lilo and Stitch to rescue his out-of-this-world family and save the experiments! Get ready to meet 625 outrageous new "cousins" including Experiment 221, who causes island-wide power surges, and Experiment 625, a little lazier than Stitch, but he makes great sandwiches! 'Stitch - The Movie' provides an island full of alien adventure!


Here comes trouble! The adventure never stops as Lilo and Stitch face the challenge of their lives in Disney's hilarious, all-new movie Leroy & Stitch.

As a reward for rounding up all 625 experiments, Lilo, Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley have been placed around the galaxy in a spot where each of them thinks they truly belong. Their lives are all shook up when the dastardly Dr. Hamsterviel breaks out of prison and forces Jumba to create a new experiment - Leroy, the evil twin of Stitch. To make matters worse, Hamsterviel soon clones the nasty little creature to form his own mischievous army. Now it's up to Lilo to gather Stitch and the rest of the gang from the far corners of outer space to battle the legion of Leroys. When the going gets rough, our friends discover that one place they all truly belong is together.
