Angel s Vox v1.5.6.93 Incl Keymaker READNFO-DJiNN


Angel's Vox — First Audio Book Player for Windows
the first audio player on the market designed specifically for audiobook enthusiasts. It saves your valuable time, helps to learn new foreign languages, has a lot of useful unique features for listening to audio books.

Release: Angel s Vox v1.5.6.93 Incl Keymaker READNFO-DJiNN

Here is the list of key features that make Angel’s Vox a must-have software if you are listening to audiobooks and podcasts on Windows:

Supports MP3, OGG, MPEG-4 and WAV audio file formats.
A skinnable and convenient user interface.
Angel’s Vox can speed up playback to save your time, or can slow it down if you cannot recognize the speech (may be useful when you are learning a new foreign language).
Stores a volume level, playback speed, last played track and position for each audiobook in the library.
Angel’s Vox has a sleep timer feature: you can shutdown, reboot or log off Windows in the specified time. Besides, this utility allows you to lower the volume level progressively at the end of a period.
Calculates time played stats for each audio book in the collection.
Integrated with the audiobook downloader.
An integration into the Windows Explorer shell for quick access to the program’s functions.
The configurable Skip Commercials feature.
Support of multimedia keys. Now you can take advantage of having a multimedia keyboard or even a remote control!
The portable version of Angel’s Vox is available.
The fastest loading and running of the player, the modest main memory, CPU time and disk space consumption.
Exporting/importing playlists into an intermediary format for transferring audiobooks, generating of reports and more!

1 - Unpack and install
2 - Use the Keymaker to generate a valid serial using your name
PS : Add to your name : " (Business ---License)" to generate a valid serial ---
Example : DJiNN (Business License)
3 - Enjoy

Homepage 
http://www.superutils.com/products/angels-vox/

VT result for the keymaker
 
http://www.virustotal.com/file-scan/report.html?id=4c823f4cd4343dd353e020b92deb6575a642f236d13f5b2092e97c36d37cc293-1310691443



for my 1000+ torrents
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/