              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                              greenTech Plus RIP                            
 



   Release Date  :  09/12/2010                Protection  :  Nothing
   Release Type  :  RIP 02x5.00MB             Company     :  Vertigo Games
 



   Release Notes:

   Boot up your old Tandy Computer 83 and get ready to save the world      
   from the threat of global meltdown with your mighty hurricane in this    
   action-packed arcade experience! Use your hurricane to steer pollution   
   into cleaning centers and watch out for the high-pressure zones.         
   Pseudo-reminiscent of an old green screen retro PC experience (with an   
   added twist of art and design), greenTech+ will challenge you over the   
   course of thirty levels with fifty unlockable monitors to enhance your   
   viewing experience, ten of which are compatible with anaglyph red/blue   
   3D glasses!                                                              
                                                                            
   Includes thirty levels that will greatly test your skill and             
   precision, along with a thorough, optional tutorial.                     
                                                                            
   Fifty unlockable monitors that change and enhance your gameplay with     
   new colors, scan performance and glass textures.                         
                                                                            
   Ten 3D anaglyph monitors, compatible with any red/blue 3D glasses        
   that will give you a totally unique 3D experience!                       
                                                                            
   A nice array of music from the timeless works of Tchaikovsky's best.     
                                                                            
   Grand Prize Winner of the YoYo Indie Games Competition 2 (original       
   game).                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: nothing                                                          
 



   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-gren.exe                                       
   3. Start game                                                            
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            
 




     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 



                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "    


Screenshot: 
http://image.bayimg.com/nabjlaade.jpg
