Though some of these greatest hits have been played a zillion times on the radio, there's nothing wrong with hearing such grandoise monsters as "Pride," "New Year's Day" and "Sunday Bloody Sunday" on one disc. Surprisingly, it's the hits from one of the greatest albums in rock history, The Joshua Tree, that come off as the most boring on this CD. More interesting are less played, ethereal numbers like "Bad," "Unforgettable Fire" and the lively "I Will Follow." There's certainly a fire that was present in early U2, passion and meaning within the songs, coupled with an arena-ready feel that fans and journalists have come to love and respect. 

U2 flaunts a surprisingly soulful side of itself on such greats as "When Love Comes to Town," "Desire" and "Angel of Harlem," heard toward the end of disc one where the band kind of lets its hair down. "All I Want is You" is a tender U2 beauty on which the band clicks on all levels; it's almost spiritual-sounding. Bono's sincere voice sounds like gold amid the Edge's sparkling, chiming guitar work. A gorgeous string section lovingly closes the song out. Let disc one continue to play after the last song to hear "October" (from October), an extremely beautiful piano instrumental. Quiet and peaceful, "October" is as good and memorable as the songs that proceeded it, despite its hidden, non-hit status. 

The included 1980s b-sides are as great as U2 have ever sounded -- get this compilation because of them. All these closeted gems make a convincing case that U2 may have been at the top of its game back then, despite future classics in the 1990s. "The Three Sunrises" is a jangly and tuneful song that perfectly captures a different side to U2. "Spanish Eyes" has a rougher sound and a hugely ecstatic shout of "Love!" from Bono. The original mix of "Sweetest Thing" also benefits from a rougher-edged recording. Four very solid and inspired cover songs enhance disc two, one of which is a tremendously rocking version of Patti Smith's "Dancing Barefoot," which ends with searing guitar licks and Larry Mullen Jr.'s timely, thumping drums. "Love Comes Tumbling" and the instrumental "Bass Trap" have mesmerizing and mysterious qualities that are timelessly fresh. Some of the b-sides such as "Walk to the Water" and "Luminous Times" have a deep and mystical sense of serenity and longing. "Silver and Gold" reveals an amazing ability by Bono to create a tune all by himself. The guy could probably make a pretty amazing solo album if he so chose. Still, U2 are a definite entity whose sum is stronger than its parts, despite the massive talent that each member possesses. If the past is any indication, the next ten years with these guys should be just as awesome as it's always been. When U2 are great (which is nearly all the time), the band stands as one of the best ever. In terms of songs, longevity, great ideas and integrity, these guys simply reign supreme. 

by Sal Nudo

TRACKLIST:
Disc 1:
01 - Pride (In The Name Of Love).wma                             
02 - New Year's Day.wma                                          
03 - With Or Without You.wma                                     
04 - I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For.wma              
05 - Sunday Bloody Sunday.wma                                    
06 - Bad.wma                                                     
07 - Where The Streets Have No Name.wma                          
08 - I Will Follow.wma                                           
09 - The Unforgettable Fire.wma                                  
10 - Sweetest Thing (The Single Mix).wma                         
11 - Desire.wma                                                  
12 - When Love Comes To Town.wma                                 
13 - Angel Of Harlem.wma                                         
14 - All I Want Is You.wma   

Disc 2:
01 - The Three Sunrises.wma                                      
02 - Spanish Eyes.wma                                            
03 - Sweetest Thing.wma                                          
04 - Love Comes Tumbling.wma                                     
05 - Bass Trap.wma                                               
06 - Dancing Barefoot.wma                                        
07 - Everlasting Love.wma                                        
08 - Unchained Melody.wma                                        
09 - Walk To The Water.wma                                       
10 - Luminous Times (Hold On To Love).wma                        
11 - Hallelujah Here She Comes.wma                               
12 - Silver And Gold.wma                                         
13 - Endless Deep.wma                                            
14 - A Room At The Heartbreak Hotel.wma                          
15 - Trash, Trampoline And The Party Girl.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO
