DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Book Description

The tools and techniques necessary for great digital output are now readily available and more affordable than ever. "301 Inkjet Tips and Techniques: An Essential Printing Resource for Photographers" shows photographers of all levels how to make high-quality prints through step-by-step instructions and hundreds of full-color examples from more than 20 professional photographers and other artists. You?ll discover how to choose the right inkjet printer for your output needs, how to save time and select the proper materials when prepping files and prints, how to manage your digital images, how to create captivating portfolios and framed art, and much more. Whether you are a professional photographer or a serious hobbyist this book will help you learn how to enhance and perfect your digital output skills and use your computer and inkjet printer to better express your vision and creativity. You can read the book cover to cover, or only the chapters that feature the specific tips and techniques that interest you. A comprehensive index and a searchable companion web site will ensure that you find the information you are looking for.
 
About the Author

Andrew Darlow is a photographer, educator, and digital imaging consultant. For over 15 years, he has consulted on the topics of digital photography, digital output, and color management. He has written and edited numerous articles and reviews on the topics of digital and fine art photography, inkjet printing, and Photoshop techniques, and his work has been included in many photography publications, web sites, and books. He has lectured and conducted seminars and workshops around the world at conferences and for photography organizations and schools, including the Arles Photo Festival, Columbia University, and the International Center of Photography (ICP) in New York. His work has been widely exhibited and his inkjet prints are held in numerous private collections.

 

Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Getting Started

Chapter 2: File Preparation: An Overview

Chapter 3: Choosing an Inkjet Printer

Chapter 4: Color Management

Chapter 5: Black and White

Chapter 6: Inkjet Paper, Canvas, and Coating

Chapter 7: Portfolio and Presentation

Chapter 8: Specific Printer Tips and More

Chapter 9: Inkjet Paper Tips

Chapter 10: Art Reproduction, Canvas, and finishing

Chapter 11: Portfolio and Marketing Tips

Chapter 12: RIPs, B&W, and Color Management

Chapter 13: Exhibitions, Editioning, and Image Tracking

Chapter 14: Packing, Lightning, and Framing

Chapter 15: Unique Art Applications

Chapter 16: Additional Tips and Print Permanence

Index

 

Customer Reviews

Summary: Don't miss this book!!!
Rating: 5

Don't let the title of this book fool you! There is so much more here than just Inkjet Tips! So much, in fact, that Andrew Darlow should consider a new title when the inevitable second edition comes out!

I came across this book after hearing an interview with Andrew on Scott Shepard 's Inside Digital Photo podcast. When he started to explain what was in the book I really took notice and ordered it immediately. I originally expected the usual collection of tips and tricks to make your inkjet prints better but Andrew's interview had me expecting more.

In the first part of the book Andrew covers everything you need to consider to make top quality, gallery grade, professional prints. And I mean EVERYTHING. How to prepare your files, how to choose a printer, black & white conversion, and on and on. Along with all of this extensive and in depth information, Andrew provides help with putting together a portfolio, business cards, matting, you name it. The first part of this book alone is worth the admission. Andrew's style is easy to read and his information is easy to work into you personal workflow.

The remaining chapters are a treasure chest of guest artists' tips and ideas. Phil Bard, Edward Fausty, C. David Toble, Derek Cooper, Amadou Diallo, and Dorothy Simpson Krause are some of the guests you can learn from. Each artist brings their own experience and style to the art of printmaking and presentation. This section was a real treat.

Andrew Darlow has far exceeded the expectation of his book's title. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and will keep it as a valued reference as I hone my printmaking skills. Don't miss this one!

 

Summary: DIGITAL PRINTING - THE ULTIMATE PHASE
Rating: 5

Andrew Darlow's "301 Inkjet Tips and Techniques" has expanded my horizons. After a lifetime of traditional photography, trained by Ansel Adams and Morley Baer since my first exhibition prize in 1939, having publihed and exhibited I approached digital photography with apprehension. In the final anlysis all learning is self-taught and this particular guide with almost two dozen authorities as teachers, has helped me become more fluent in the digital printing language. Much as I have had a passion for darkroom silver and platinum printing, I am discovering far greater creative potential with the help of Andrew Darlow's well organzed guide and the assistance of such competent teachers as he has assembled. I am glad I discovered this book. It has been a bridge to a new and better world. Thanks to Darlow, my next exhibition wil be all digital prints. I have learned so much, not only to make my work flow easier, but superior.It is not easy to discard five decades of experience, but this book has made it easy and wothwhile to supplant that experience with superior creativity. Joachim Oppenheimer, M.D.

 

Summary: Master the art of inkjet printing
Rating: 5

301 Inkjet Tips and Techniques is the rare book that thoroughly covers a vital photographic subject in a truly useful way. Written by photographer, educator, and printing guru Andrew Darlow, this book is an essential guide for all photographers who are printing their own work, as well as those photographers that want to be educated in the process so they can better discuss and evaluate the process of printing their work with fine-art printing professionals. Covering the subject of inkjet printing from the ground up, Darlow explains all the best options available in printers (with hardware photos and pros/cons of each printer), papers, software, and quality control. 301 Inkjet Tips and Techniques is beautifully illustrated with original photography, hardware photos, and screen shots, reinforcing the text with clearly understood images.

The first half of the book lays out all the steps and decisions a photographer needs to make before, and after, purchasing an ink jet printer. Issues such as color management, and uses for prints such as portfolio and presentations, are also discussed. The second half of the book is written by a series of guest contributors, well regarded experts, artists, and luminaries in the field, including R. Mac Holbert of Nash Editions, and photographic artist Joel Meyerowitz. This portion of the book covers several printing topics in-depth, including specific paper tips, how to print promotional pieces, framing and mounting, and planning for exhibitions. As a photographer who, like most, have traded a darkroom for a desktop, I'm happy to have this book as an important addition to my reference shelf. And as a Photoshop instructor I now have a great book to recommend to all my students who want to know what kind of printer to get, and how to master the art of inkjet printing.