I obtained these versions of George Gershwin's An American In Paris and Rhapsody In Blue from woodchucker2's vinyl rip of Franklin Mint 100 Greatest Recordings, Volume 10.



Volume 10, Record 20.

George Gershwin
Rhapsody in Blue
Leonard Bernstein, Pianist, Conductor
Columbia Symphony Orchestra
1959

An American in Paris
New York Philharmonic
Leonard Bernstein
1958




An American in Paris
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia -   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An_American_in_Paris

An American in Paris is an extended symphonic tone poem by the American composer George Gershwin, written in 1928. Inspired by the time Gershwin had spent in Paris, it evokes the sights and energy of the French capital in the 1920s. It is one of Gershwin's best-known compositions.

Gershwin composed the piece on commission from the New York Philharmonic. He also did the orchestration. (He did not orchestrate his musicals.) Gershwin scored An American in Paris for the standard instruments of the symphony orchestra plus celesta, saxophone, and automobile horns. Gershwin brought back some Parisian taxi horns for the New York premiere of the composition which took place on December 13, 1928 in Carnegie Hall with Walter Damrosch conducting the New York Philharmonic.

Gershwin collaborated on the original program notes with the critic and composer Deems Taylor, noting that: "My purpose here is to portray the impression of an American visitor in Paris as he strolls about the city and listens to various street noises and absorbs the French atmosphere." When the tone poem moves into the blues, "our American friend ... has succumbed to a spasm of homesickness." But, "nostalgia is not a fatal disease." The American visitor "once again is an alert spectator of Parisian life" and "the street noises and French atmosphere are triumphant."



Rhapsody in Blue
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia -   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhapsody_in_Blue

Rhapsody in Blue is a musical composition by George Gershwin for solo piano and jazz band written in 1924, which combines elements of classical music with jazz-influenced effects. The composition was orchestrated by Ferde Grofé three times, in 1924, in 1926, and finally in 1942. The piece received its premiere in a concert entitled An Experiment in Modern Music, which was held on February 12, 1924, in Aeolian Hall, New York, by Paul Whiteman and his band with Gershwin playing the piano. The editors of the Cambridge Music Handbooks opined that "The Rhapsody in Blue (1924) established Gershwin's reputation as a serious composer and has since become one of the most popular of all American concert works."[1]




100 Greatest Recordings, Volume 10 -   http://www.frankeves.com/blog/2010/05/vinyl-lp-sale-the-100-greatest-recordings-of-all-time/

The 100 Greatest Recordings of all times from the Franklin Mint has been called the ultimate private library of fine recorded music. Every recording was selected by a distinguished panel of music authorities (Martin Bookspan, Schuyler G. Chapin, Franco Ferrara, Irving Kolodin, William Mann, R. Gallois Montbrun, Marcel Prawy, Andre Previn, William Schuman and H. H. Stuckenschmidt).


The library was first announced on the 100th anniversary of Thomas Edison's invention of the phonograph. Each recorded treasure was pressed with a special vinyl formulation that enabled a clear, quiet playing surface on a more rigid LP disk. Every record was pressed in an atmosphere controlled 'clean room'.

There are 50 library cases. Each library case houses two proof-quality long playing records, with each record resting, fully protected, within its own dust free compartment. The record is firmly supported within the closed compartment in such a way that the grooved playing surface never touches any part of the case. Each library case includes a specially written and illustrated commentary, by a respected music expert. The composers and their works are discussed in detail, and background information is provided on the orchestras, conductors, ensembles, and featured soloists.


Equipment used:

Empire 598 TT
ADC XLM MKIII Cartridge
Bottlehead Seduction Tube Phono Preamp
Bottlehead Foreplay Tube Preamp
M-AUDIO SOLO
GoldWave 5.57
ClickRepair if needed