Freedom just another word,
for nothing left  to lose


I remember the old distinction, crazy people don\'t think they are crazy. I no longer think I am crazy in these things. My father was good Fred D Wampnar was close friends with Sen. Scoop Jackson from Washington State who served on the Defense Board in the Senate. Jackson was to attend Gov. Hall\'s birthday party in 74 but called my dad from St. Louis to inform him of the Saturday Night Massacre by Bork and Nixon, It was Oct 20, 1974.
We attended the Convention on June 5,1968 and I met Bobby the day before through Senator Jackson. I was 7. I was close to the kitchen to know that a write, Plimpton was there, and either Plimpton or Rosie placed something beneath Bobby\'s head. And that a man\'s hand was injured by forcing his thumb between the hammer of the gun. And that they were screaming to Break his thumb.
I know a lot of things, including my neighbor Chris Russo who afte my closest friend Eddie Jacoby committed suicide in 1974 from the sexual abuse we were suffering, before Chris\'s family got them the hell out of that neighborhood, Chris told me his father\'s family was involved in the New Orlean\'s Mafia. I thought he was full of shit. I never heard of it at the time. Chris did not say that he was related to the Russo in the then Garrison case of Clay Shaw, he said New Orleans Mafia.
I know more much much more. I can get in touch with you. My Hotmail failed after 4 days in limbo to email Mike@MichaelMoore.com.
My Blog reports only a handful of 2 immediate responses to any tweet I do on TheTwitsEnd. And I have links everywhere. I am receiving very little traffic that contain no referencing links. And my torrents on TPB that I have resorted to to find a decentralized server...show no only 1 seeder.
I can not seed. If I try Level 3 Network and other sources show DOS ATTACKS which knock me constantly off the net.
I once thought these were crazy things. They are. I once thought that made me crazy. It doesn\'t Please respond to my new hush email account. The Blogs and torrents are disjointed and go off on tangents.
My brother cracked my skull open when I was just 7 and it is very difficult to write. And Eddie\'s 19 year old brothers fingernail tracts are still into my scrotum and anus which was tore open in 74 and repaired in a neighbors house who was a doctor. I have been through Hell, no ever could fully ever comprehend, ever.
Please at least repsond so that I know you may have received this. I have begun to realize the ONLY response I am getting in emails are through web form submissions away from Hotmail Thank you.