Snagit 10


The ultimate do-it-yourself screen capture tool is better than ever. Snagit 10 provides a smarter and more efficient way to grab your images, with updated capture profiles and effects to improve how you capture, edit, share and organize your content.

Top 3 features in Snagit 10

All-in-One Capture-Snag anything, on the fly. Use the newest capture profile to grab your entire desktop, a region, a window, or a scrolling window—all with a single hotkey or click.

Updated Transparency-Now you can keep the rounded corners from a captured window… or create a custom shape… and the only background you’ll see is the one on your website, document, or slide.

Upload to Screencast.com-It’s easier than ever to send your captures out for review with built-in, online hosting from Screencast.com. Now you can share your images with an embed code or give them a URL with a clickable thumbnail. Store, share and gather feedback on all of your visual projects.


Smarter capture options

Improved Auto-Scroll

Snagit’s auto-scroll feature has drastically improved and can now sense when you’re on a web page that scrolls. Snagit will automatically move through the page… capturing it both vertically and horizontally… at your command. Just point and click.


Updated Magnifier

Like a microscope for your computer screen… use magnified cross hairs to get exact, down-to-the-pixel precision on every capture.
Formatted Text Capture

Perfect for reviewing text and making changes—grab the text straight off a web page and keep the formatting—then edit and apply different font styles, sizes and colors.

New possibilities

Cut-Out Effect

Stylishly delete unwanted pieces of an image by removing vertical and horizontal sections. Add a background image to fill the gap, or make it transparent.

Page Curl Effect

Make your image look as if one of the corners is folded over for an eye-grabbing effect. Pick from one of the preset page curl options, or create your own.

Windows System Requirements

Microsoft Windows XP*, Windows Vista*, or Windows 7*.
1.0 GHz processor ~ Recommended: 2.4 GHz
512 MB of RAM ~ Recommended: 1 GB or more
60 MB of hard-disk space for program installation
Internet Explorer 7.0 or later required


All my uploads are for those people who cannot afford to buy them,who don't have credit cards and the product is not available in the market.

                            Kkeibul