 http://bayimg.com/makHHaAdh

It's My Party (1996) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113443/

HARD ENGLISH SUBTITILES

It's My Party is a 1996 American drama film written and directed by Randal Kleiser, it was one of the first feature films to address the topic of AIDS patients dying with dignity.

  Margaret Cho  ...  Charlene Lee  
  Bruce Davison  ...  Rodney Bingham  
  Lee Grant  ...  Amalia Stark  
  Devon Gummersall  ...  Andrew Bingham  
  Gregory Harrison  ...  Brandon Theis  
  Marlee Matlin  ...  Daphne Stark  
  Roddy McDowall  ...  Damian Knowles  
  Olivia Newton-John  ...  Lina Bingham  
  Bronson Pinchot  ...  Monty Tipton  
  Paul Regina  ...  Tony Zamara  
  George Segal  ...  Paul Stark  
  Eric Roberts  ...  Nick Stark  
  Steve Antin  ...  Zack Phillips  
  Dimitra Arliss  ...  Fanny Kondos  
  Christopher Atkins  ...  Jack Allen  

The film is based on the true events of the death of Harry Stein, accomplished architect and designer, who was actually director Kleiser's ex-lover. Stein's actual farewell party was held in 1992.

The cast includes Olivia Newton-John, Margaret Cho, Bronson Pinchot, Devon Gummersall, George Segal, Lee Grant, Marlee Matlin, Roddy McDowall, Steve Antin, Bruce Davison, Sally Kellerman, Lou Liberatore, Nina Foch, the dreamy Eric Roberts as Nick Stark and 80s man meat Gregory Harrison as Brandon, Stark's estranged lover who returns to attend the party and say goodbye. Kleiser directed Newton-John in Grease almost 20 years earlier.

It's My Party is an outstanding ensemble effort, with plenty of laughter, drama, and pathos to go around. Watch Kleiser's long tracking takes and he moves the camera indoors and out, through room after room, dropping in and out of conversations. The commentary reveals just how hard it was for him to pull this labor of love together, shooting around his large cast's schedules and trying to maintain continuity of everything from wardrobe to the length of burning candles over a period of more than a year. Roberts and Harrison really shine (this is one of Roberts' few really human performances), and the supporting cast gives effortless, almost improv-like performances, too. It's a powerful experience.


 
