This is BY FAR the best Photostitching software I have ever used, and now it ready for the MAC.  The user interface is a little complicated, but you will figure it out, the manual is also included.

Official Web SIte:  http://www.kolor.com/image-stitching-software-autopano-giga-interface.html

The best image stitching technology in the world

Behind Autopano Giga's simplicity and ease of use lurks a stitching engine based on advanced algorithms. The image stitching technology (SIFT) included in Autopano Giga was developed as part of a research project at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver (Canada). 

It has been mathematically proven to be the best technology in the world at recognizing similarities between images.

Analysis and automatic classification of a batch of images
Do you have a folder or a memory card full of photos? Launch detection on all images; Autopano Giga groups together only those images that make up panoramas and ignores all irrelevant images. 

No need to specify the order of images in each view: Autopano Giga will find them by itself. The detection power of Autopano Giga is much better than the human eye, so the software can find relationships that you might have missed visually.

Manual editor of control points

For difficult image stitchings, Autopano Giga previously offered a control points editor to force the software to add links in user-defined areas. Version 2.5 goes further by allowing point-by-point manual addition of links between adjacent images. There is no reason to miss a stitching, however complex.
Manual editor of control points

For difficult image stitchings, Autopano Giga previously offered a control points editor to force the software to add links in user-defined areas. Version 2.5 goes further by allowing point-by-point manual addition of links between adjacent images. There is no reason to miss a stitching, however complex.

RAW Support

Autopano Giga supports over 400 input file formats, including the RAW output from almost all cameras.

Multidirectional detection

The shooting of landscape panoramas may take place along one or more lines, one or more columns, vertically, horizontally, diagonally, macro, telephoto, leaning ... all on a tripod or even freehand.

Support of fisheye lenses

Autopano Giga can assemble images taken with a fisheye lens. You can create 360 x 180° panoramas with a minimum of images.


System Requirements:

Mac OS X.5 and X.6. Intel only.

Note: LEOPARD USERS: ADVISE: before inserting the serial, put the application by Show info on "open in 32-bits modus". Otherwise the application quits.


--- PLEASE SEED ---