Murder.in.the.First.1995.MULTISUB.RETAIL.DVDR.PAL-BOOMI


Movie Name:  Murder.in.the.First

Storyline
Henri Young stole five dollars from a post office and ended up going to prison - to the most famous, or infamous, prison of them all: Alcatraz. He tried to escape, failed, and spent three years and two months in solitary confinement - in a dungeon, with no light, no heat and no toilet. Milton Glenn, the assistant warden, who was given free reign by his duty-shirking superior, was responsible for Young's treatment. Glenn even took a straight razor and hobbled Young for life. After three years and two months, Young was taken out of solitary confinement and put with the rest of the prisoners. Almost immediately, Young took a spoon and stabbed a fellow prisoner in the neck, killing him. Now, Young is on trial for murder, and if he's convicted he'll go to the gas chamber. An eager and idealistic young attorney, James Stamphill, is given this impossible case, and argues before a shocked courtroom that Young had a co-conspirator. The true murderer, he says, was Alcatraz.

Imdb:        http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1424381/

             Users: (11,399 votes) 96 reviews | Critics: 34 reviews

             Imdb: 7.1/10

Runtime:     122 min

Year:        1995

Gengre:      Drama | Thriller
 
Scource:     Dvd| Retail |Pal

Rars:        No

Subs:        Swedish
             Norwegian
             Danish
             Finnish
             Italian
             Spanish
             Portoguse
             Dutch
             Hungarian
             Czech
             Polish
             

Audio:       English
             Italian 

Image:       Widescreen 1.85:1 (anamorfisk)

Extras:      Yes

Format:      Dvd

Menu:        Yes

Stripped     No

Director:    Marc Rocco

Writer:      Dan Gordon

Stars:       Christian Slater
             Kevin Bacon 
             Gary Oldman


                        

                      ENJOY COMMENT & SEED! SNOOPY72/BOOMI


              Besök *--| TankaNer . com |--* för att få fler godisbitar!                                		

