B L I Z Z A R D

South River Titan FTP Server
Enterprise Edition v8.40.1302 x64
release date: 2011-06-06      supplier: TEAM BLZ
disks: 12              cracker: TEAM BLZ
protection: Lic/Online Auth      os: XP2k3Vista2k8Win7

RELEASE INFO

Titan FTP Server is an enterprise class server product with
unparalleled performance and scalability. Titan FTP Server
software provides an advanced feature set, giving you flexibility
and control. An intuitive administrative interface makes Titan
FTP Server easy to set up and maintain.

Security and Access Control

- Securing the important files on your FTP server is a key issue.
Titan provides security and access control features such as:

SFTP or FTP over SSL for secure file transfers
S/Key MD4 and MD5 password encryption
Enable or disable anonymous access
Permit or deny access based on IP address
Block FXP and PASV mode transfers.

Full - Featured Events Handler

- Trigger customized actions based on specific FTP Server events
and conditions. Event Handlers allow the administrator to
create rules that will respond dynamically to the current
server state

Send an e-mail every time the server is started
Create a custom log file for each user account
Offload a file from the server immediately after it has been
uploaded
Notify the administrator of suspicious server activity.

For Large Enterprises

- Titan FTP Server Enterprise offers unlimited user accounts and
the controls to appropriately manage them

Bandwidth throttling and maximum transfer speed to customize
the bandwidth by user or server
Regulate the number of connections from a given IP
Block users and IPs after a configurable number of invalid
commands.

Changes in 8.40.1302..

Added: The SMTP Email Tab now supports the ability to add a
special custom port instead of the default SMTP Port.
Added: Secure SSL based SMTP Email ability.
Added: Ability to handle chained CA certificates, specifically
when Entrust hands down a certificate signed by an
intermediate CA.
Fixed: Downloading .xlsx files resulted in the browser saving
the file as a .zip file.
Fixed: Database fixes for updating paths when migrating data
between user directories.
Fixed: Database problem which could fail to create the ODBC
DSN Properly when using SQL Authentication.
Fixed: Issue in the Admin application which could allow a
server to be deleted while it was running.
Fixed: Various issues in the Admin Application which could
cause the user's parameters to be reloaded too
frequently.
Fixed: Issue with the Virtual Folder Wizard failing to
properly enumerate the Network resources.
Fixed: Added better support for renaming files over a
UNC via SMB.
Fixed: Problem with the Session Statistics not showing up
properly in the Activity window in the Admin
application.
Fixed: Problem with the %VARIABLES% parsing in the Event
Manager which would fail to parse the variable
properly if it was in lower case or mixed case.

INSTALL INFO

Run TITANFTP648401302EN.EXE and follow instructions.

Run B-TFTPSE8401302X64-PATCH.EXE to eliminate the online
authorization check from the activation procedure.

Product Registration Codes...

Titan FTP Server    : 56-XXXXXX-XXXXXXXX-XXXXXX-XXXX
Web Interface Module : 56-XXXXXX-XXXXXXXX-XXXXXX-XXXX

GREETINGS

greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously
work on building better release conditions and
thus keep the scene up.

special greets to our friends in:

acme - air - digerati - eclipse - f4cg - orion
paradox - rebels - shock - skidrow - ssg
tbe - tft - tmg - unleashed - zwt

CONTACT

We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you

Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind

nfo updated on
2011.03.27

INFOFILE DRAWN BY
H7/ACCESSiON