 http://bayimg.com/CAlLpaADD

Zona rosa (2005) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0462641/

Spanish language with hard English subtitles

Zona Rosa is a documentary about the strippers who work in the gay clubs in Mexico City's famous district, the Zona Rosa. Christian Miranda gives us a tour though his professional and personal life while working as a cage-dancer stripper at one of Mexico City's famous gay nightclubs. Along with Christian we meet other strippers, patrons of the clubs and the club mangers. The nightlife, the scene, the money and the consequences are all on display as we tour through the notorious reality that gives the Zona Rosa its name. 

Zona Rosa is a colorful, lively, and entertaining documentary about the young men who are male strippers in the gay clubs of Mexico City's Zona Rosa. The credible parts of the film are those showing the actual dancing that takes place in these famous clubs: the controversial aspect of the 'documentary' is that portion (the major part) of the film that goes out of its way to emphasize that all of these hunky stripping Latin men are straight and are doing this work for the art of it and for female customers! Indeed, almost all the shots of the men in action on the stages of these clubs focus on the front rows of people in attendance - and naturally those are women, in gay clubs, without men in sight....

Director Dan Castle uses a lot of film to interview one Christian, an exotic dancer in the most famous of the clubs, and the interview includes footage of his approving mother, his young son (he is divorced and living at home), and repeated declarations that exotic dancing cannot be examined as a preface to any other aspects of life. Likewise his fellow dancers are interviewed, declaring that the dances are intended for female clientèle, while at the same time the young studs are adamant in their claims that women are rude and intrusive whereas the gay clientèle are respectful of their roles as entertainers (wherever those reverential men might be hiding in the club shots). Jump ahead one year and we see Christian living with his protégé, a body builder/trainer who Christian is prepping as a stripper, each of the two men commenting at length about each other's physical erotic attributes...

If you are looking for a substantive incisive commentary about the exploitation of young men you will be sadly disappointed.  We meet the dancers families, wives, children and girlfriends; nude dancing is a job they are good at.

The extras are the Dancers showing their considerable talents.  If your tastes run toward muscular lithe Latino men this is a must see. 

