Put 'em Up!: A Comprehensive Home Preserving Guide for the Creative Cook, from Drying and Freezing to Canning and Pickling
By Sherri Brooks Vinton
Storey Publishing, LLC (June 2, 2010) ISBN-10: 1603425462 PDF 698 pages 13.8 mb
Converted from EPUB

PRESERVING IS BACK, AND IT’S BETTER THAN EVER. Flavors are brighter, batch sizes are more flexible, and modern methods make the process safer and easier. Eating locally is on everybodys mind, and nothing is more local than Heirloom Salsa made from vine-fresh tomatoes or a quick batch of Ice-Box Berry Jam saved from the seasons last berries. Even beginners who never made peach jam or dill pickles in their grandmothers kitchens are eager to pick up preserving skills as a way to save money, extend the local harvest, and control the quality of preserved ingredients.
The step-by-step instructions in Put ‘em Up will have the most timid beginners filling their pantries and freezers with the preserved goodness of summer in no time. An extensive Techniques section includes complete how-to for every kind of preserving: refrigerating and freezing, air- and oven-drying, cold- and hot-pack canning, and pickling. And with recipe yields as small as a few pints or as large as several gallons, readers can easily choose recipes that work for the amount of produce and time at hand.
Real food advocate Sherri Brooks Vinton offers recipes with exciting flavor combinations to please contemporary palates and put preserved fruits and vegetables on dinner-party menus everywhere. Pickled Asparagus and Wasabi Beans are delicious additions to holiday relish trays; Sweet Pepper Marmalade perks up cool-weather roasts; and Berry Bourbon is an unexpected base for a warming cocktail.
The best versions of tried-and-true favorites are all here too. Bushels of fresh-picked apples are easily turned into applesauce, dried fruit rings, jelly, butter, or even brandy. Falling-off-the-vine tomatoes can be frozen whole, oven dried, canned, or made into a tangy marinara. Options for pickling cucumbers range from Bread and Butter Chips and Dill Spears to Asian Ice-Box Pickles. Something delicious for every pantry!

Recipes Include:
Pickled Asparagus  Wasabi Beans  Beet Relish
Berry Bourbon  Grannys Chow-Chow  Agua Fresca  Cantaloupe Rum  Asian Carrot Slaw  Curried Cauliflower  Drunken Cherries  Cherry and Black Pepper Preserves  Pickled Jalapenos  Three-Chili Hot Sauce  Preserved Lemons  Candied Citrus Rind  Oven-Dried Sweet Corn  Bread and Butter Chips  Pickled Fennel  Figs in Honey Syrup  Roasted Garlic Butter  Grape Leather  Dill Pesto with Feta  Martini Onions  Ginger and Peach Jam  Dried Pear Chips  Sugar Plums  Pickled Ramps  Classic Strawberry Jam  Sweet Pepper Marmalade  Salsa Verde  Oven-Dried Tomatoes  Pickled Watermelon Rind

About the Author
Sherri Brooks Vinton is the founder of FarmFriendly LLC, which helps chefs, restaurateurs, and food organizations support local agriculture.  She is a former governor of Slow Food USA, and a member of the Chef’s Collaborative, Women’s Chefs and Restaurateurs, Northeast Organic Farmers Association, and the International Association of Culinary Professionals.  She is the author of The Real Food Revival and lives in Connecticut.