 http://bayimg.com/GAFbeaADp

Srpski film  (2010) 

A Serbian Film (English title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1273235/

Screener copy Serbian language hard English subtitles

Be forewarned: this is one of the most disturbing films you will ever experience, and we don’t say this lightly. Milos is a retired porn star who made his name in foreign productions. In order to sustain his impoverished family, he accepts an invitation from an ex-partner and friend, Layla, to accept one last job. He's supposed to star in an “art porn” movie in which his instincts are more important than knowing what the script is about. The director sounds intelligent and convincing, even charming. But the first day of shooting is a bit strange. Then it gets weirder. When Milos decides to pull out, things go from bad to worse. And worse. Until they reach the unspeakable.

  Srdjan Todorovic  ...  Milos  
  Sergej Trifunovic  ...  Vukmir  
  Jelena Gavrilovic  ...  Marija  
  Katarina Zutic  ...  Lejla  
  Slobodan Bestic  ...  Marko  
  Ana Sakic  ...  Jecina majka  
  Lena Bogdanovic  ...  Doktorka  
  Luka Mijatovic  ...  Stefan  
  Andjela Nenadovic  ...  Jeca  
  Nenad Herakovic  ...  Cuvar 1  
  Carni Djeric  ...  Cuvar 2  
  Miodrag Krcmarik  ...  Rasa  
  Lidija Pletl  ...  Jecina baka  
  Tanja Divnic  ...  Vaspitacica  
  Marina Savic  ...  Prostitutka  

A SERBIAN FILM caused a lot of buzz after it amazed, enthralled and stunned audiences at Austin's SXSW. Comparisons to the most shocking films were made. IRREVERSIBLE, SALO and MARTYRS were invoked—with good reason. But this is much more than a “dare” film which you can later boast of having lived to tell the tale about. Yes, it does graphically present some of the most depraved and sickening concepts and images ever depicted (or merely hinted at) in legitimate, serious cinema. But it is so much more. This is a beautifully shot and edited film with an excellent sense of timing and narrative economy. It is graced by a superb, droning industrial score. The drama is augmented by incredibly convincing and poignant performances.

A SERBIAN FILM is firmly rooted in the frustration and despair of living in Serbia today. It reinvents the horror genre to suit its own purpose, turning it into a powerful cinematic scream of anger and frustration. It offers a stylized version of what it feels like to grow up in a country humiliated, denigrated, impoverished, bombed-out, stripped of its territory, labeled genocidal and haunted by the spirits of war crimes both real and constructed. The film is a scream against shady politics, both domestic and foreign; against limitations both internal and external; against being both metaphorically and literally f***ed. There are moments where it goes to devastating extremes, but never without purpose or reason. You won't know whether to laugh, cry, stare in disbelief or leave the theatre when faced with the transgressive new links between sex and death that A SERBIAN FILM reveals. This film will f*** your senses and rape your soul. You have been warned.

