It Is Rocket Science - S01 Audio Comedy - BBC R7  
4 x 15 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo

Award-winning comedian and part-time local authority temp Helen Keen loves space rockets. 

This new Radio 4 space extravaganza features fewer close-ups of Professor Brian Cox looking cool in front of a rocket than Wonders of the Solar System, but more weird and wonderful stories about the geniuses, Nazis and Satanists who propelled humankind to the stars. It Is Rocket Science! takes you on a whistlestop comic tour of the great brains who put monkeys, ladies, dogs and gentlemen into orbit.
 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/it_is_rocket_science/episodes/


1. We look at the three fathers of modern rocket science: 19th Century self-taught Russian visionary Eduardovich Tsiolovsky and his dreams of orbiting space stations and Martian colonies; American Robert H Goddard, derided in The New York Times in the 1920s for his prediction of a lunar landing (they printed a retraction the day after the Apollo 11 launch); Transylvanian-German Hermann Oberth with his brilliant theories about space travel and his horrifying theories about racial supremacy. Plus Helen reveals the surprising connection between space travel and a coach tour of the Jewels of the Rhineland.


2. How Wernher Von Braun went from SS officer to American space supremo to Disney children's presenter; America's home-grown rocket genius Jack Parsons and his unhealthy interest in Satanism; and the surprising story of Fix the French Space Cat.


3. We take a look at the breathtaking drama of the Space Race and its evil twin the Cold War; the brilliant but secret life and tragically banal death of the Soviet Union's best rocket science; and his the surprising tale of the last man on the moon (so far) and the songs he sang

4. Helen asks if humanity will ever make it to the stars, and ponders some of the greater mysteries of the universe, such as time travel, parallel universes and faster than light travel. And have aliens ever made it here? And if so have they been tempted to use their vastly superior intelligence to really clean up in pub quizzes.



Starring:
Helen Keen
Peter Serafinowicz
Susy Kane

Writers:
Helen Keen
Miriam Underhill


It Is Rocket Science - S01 - E01
It Is Rocket Science - S01 - E02
It Is Rocket Science - S01 - E03
It Is Rocket Science - S01 - E04



Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 12mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

[


I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don't have time to keep trying.
If it's down then it's skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don't miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)



.





