ARENA SOFTWARE INSTALLATION
Rockwell Automation
Rockwell Software
504 Beaver Street
Sewickley, PA 15143 USA
Tel 412.741.3727
Fax 412.741.5635
URL: www.software.rockwell.com


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

The minimum requirements/recommendations for
running the Arena software are as follows:
 Arena software, version 7.00.
 Microsoft Windows 95 (OSR-2), Windows 98,
Windows ME, NT 4.0 (Service Pack 5 or later),
Windows 2000, or Windows XP.
 Internet Explorer 4.01 with Service Pack 2 or
later.
 Hard drive with 85-255 MB free disk space
(depending on operating system and options
installed).
 64MB RAM (recommended 128MB RAM or
higher, depending on operating system).
 Recommended Pentium II processor (or better),
300Mhz or higher.
 Note: The faster the PC, the better the system will
run. The running and animation of Arena and
some large simulation models can be calculation-
intensive, so a faster processor results in less
time to perform these activities. In addition, since
Arena has a graphical user interface that typically
animates many items, a larger monitor (21”) is
recommended, although not required.
 Under Windows NT, 2000, and XP, you must
have Admin privileges to install the software. To
run Arena, you should be a Standard user
(member of the Power Users Group) or better.
ARENA SOFTWARE INSTALLATION STEPS





INSTALL:

1. Insert the Arena CD and the autorun program
should start. If not, browse to autorun.exe on the
CD and double-click it to start the installation.


2. Select “Install Arena” from the install dialog.
When prompted for a serial number, enter the
serial number from the Arena activation disk
included with the software. NOTE: You may
receive multiple activation disks. Only the serial
number from the Arena product activation disk
(e.g., Arena Basic Edition or Arena Standard
Edition) should be entered.


3. When choosing a location to install Arena on the
PC’s hard drive, please note that Arena will be
placed in a subfolder of the one you specify.


4. At the end of the Arena install, you will see an
option to install the activation for Arena. If you
are installing software for demo, runtime, or
network licensing purposes, this option should
be unchecked. Otherwise, it should be checked
and the activation disk should be inserted into
the disk drive. When the Move Activation utility
appears, click the Move button. By default, the
activation will be placed on the C drive. Note:
The activation can be installed or moved at a
later time to an alternate location by choosing
Start > Programs > Rockwell Software > Utilities
> Move Activation. For more information on
Rockwell’s license activation, or for help in
setting up a network license, choose Start >
Programs > Rockwell Software > Utilities >
Activation Help.


5. After Arena installs, reboot your computer if
requested.
6. If you have further questions, please refer to the
FAQ section of www.arenauserzone.com.



EnJoY! 

---Deathspanka---