Dates

Transmitted: 25.12.1988
Duration: 80 minutes
Viewing Figures: 16.6 million

Uncle Albert’s birthday looms on the horizon, and Del Boy books The Nag’s Head for private drinks and a party.

Trigger surprises everyone by inviting a date he met through an agency. This arouses Del’s curiosity and soon he too has a date from the match-making company.

Rodney takes the initiative by going for the ‘James Dean’ look, though this ends in disaster due to an encounter with some punks.

TriggerThings look rosy for Del though. His date with Raquel Turner (unemployed actress) goes swimmingly... until it turns out she is works as a strippergram twice a week. Despite a small run in with the police, love conquers all in the end.
---------------------------------------


The Jolly Boys Outing

Transmitted: 25.12.1989
Duration: 85 minutes
Viewing Figures: 20.1 million

Cassandra organises a dinner party, inviting her ‘yuppie’ boss and his wife in the hope of getting a promotion. Del and Uncle Albert soon arrive to put their feet firmly in their mouths and ruin the chances of that.

Rodney, Albert, DelboyDespite it being Rodney and Cassandra’s first wedding anniversary, Rodders agrees to go on the annual Jolly Boys Outing to Margate.

The outing goes as well as can be expected considering the driver gets drunk, Rodney gets arrested, and the radio bought from Trotters Independent Traders blows up the coach.

Mike & TriggerForced to stay the night by this twist of fate, Del encounters his lost love Raquel, who is now working as magician’s assistant.

As one Trotter rekindles his love life, the other returns to find Cassandra entertaining her boss at home. Punching first, and asking questions letter, Rodney blows it. Again.
------------------------------------


Rodney Come Home

Transmitted: 25.12.1990
Duration: 75 minutes
Viewing Figures: 18 million

Rodney seems to have it all, a beautiful wife, a cushy job at the father-in-law’s printing company, and a lovely home. Del is very happy too, Raquel has agreed to live with him having returned from a theatre tour of America’s east coast.

All is not well between Rodney and Cassandra, however. Cassie has become a workaholic, and Rodney cannot understand why she wants to attend work functions instead of cooking his tea.

RodneyDel, worried for his brother’s happiness (and the loss of cheap printing perks through Rodney’s job) plays cupid. Rodney consequently finds himself homeless for the third time in 18 months.
------------------------------------


Miami Twice

Transmitted: 24.12.1991 and 25.12.1991
Duration: Part 1 - 50 mins. Part 2 - 95mins
Viewing Figures: 17.7 m and 14.9 m

At Damien Trotter’s christening (much to Rodney’s horror), Del strikes a cushdy deal with the Vicar to sell pre-blessed wine around the country.

Rodney is living with Del and Albert on week days, and with Cassandra at weekends, on the advice of a Relate councillor.

Damien, Raquel & DelDel organises a ‘two for one’ holiday for the Trotter clan, knowing full well that Cassandra will not be able to make it. When the brothers arrive in Miami, the family of mafioso boss Vincenzo Ochetti spot Del - who bears a striking resemblance to their Don.

Soon realising they are not simply being shown American hospitality, Del and Rodney flee… aided and abetted by Boycie, Marlene and their baby Tyler who are also in the states.

Upon a safe return to Peckham, they find dozens of crates of wine, which were deemed unfit for Holy Communion.