AdriaROUTE map is detailed routable map of SouthEast Europe. AdriaROUTE includes maps of 8 countries: Croatia,Slovenia,Bosnia 
and Herzegovina,Serbia,Montenegro,Kosovo,FYRO Macedonia and Albania. In AdriaROUTE map there are more then 100 000 
searchable points of interest (POI-a) and over 350 000 km of roads. Cartographical details include: urban areas,forests 
(Croatia,Slovenia and Bosnia
and Herzegovina),islands,rivers,railway network,and parks.
AdriaROUTE map will guide you to the street level detail in all included cities,and in many you can use street number (exact 
address) as your destination. In Slovenia all towns (villages included) have street level and house number detail. In Croatia,
749 towns have street name detail and 625 towns have house numbers. Database includes settlements: 6850 for Croatia (all 
according to the list from 2001.),6000 in Slovenia and 5800 in Bosnia and Herzegovina,10000 in Serbia,1200 in Montenegro,
3000 in Kosovo,2400 in Macedonia and 3000 in Albania. In Serbia 716 towns have street name detail and 654 towns have house 
numbers. In Bosnia and Herzegovina 93 towns are covered with street names,in Montenegro 14,in Kosovo 9 and in FYRO Macedonia 
26 biggest towns are covered with street names. In Albania are 12 biggest towns covered with street names. List od all covered 
places with street names and house numbers could be found on our web page. Multi-body search is enabled (searching based on a 
known part in name),as well as full POI search. Descriptions of POIs include additional info such as: classification of point,
full address and phone number which can be automatically dialed using the devices witch support Bluetooth connection to your 
GSM phone. You can choose shortest,fastest or off-road route. Updates are free
AdriaROUTE map can calculate direct route towards any place in western or eastern Europe (on devices with preloaded City 
Navigator maps).
Main features:
route calculation and auto-routing through 8 countries (Slovenia,Croatia,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Former Yugoslav Republic 
of Macedonia,Albania,Serbia,Montenegro and Kosovo)
route calculation and auto-routing to and from western European countries
guidance to the exact address
choice of shortest,fastest or off-road route
choice of vehicle for route calculation: car/motor,bike,pedestrian (soon: taxi,bus,truck,ambulance)
automatic switching from day-time to night-time map view
automatic zooming for turns
detailed trip computer
possibility of creating the optimal route for goods deliveries
possibility of marking points
itinerary preparation on the PC and point,route,and track transfer between GPS and PC
3D map view and navigation
