Secret Space Program Conference 2011 - Richard Dolan - A.D. After Disclosure

Topic: Worlds Above and Below: How A Secret Civilization Broke Away From Our Own

One thing that a study of the UFO makes abundantly clear: someone is operating technology that is not supposed to exist, and yet it does. Silent craft, for example, that can instantly accelerate, many of which are said to be of non-human origin, but others which are argued to be of classified manufacture. Is there a clandestine infrastructure that has made significant breakthroughs, but which has kept them secret from the rest of us? Richard Dolan answers in the affirmative. He argues that the UFO phenomenon is infinitely more complex than many have previously suggested, and that human and non-human groups are behind what we call UFOs. Within the human, classified part, breakthroughs have leap-frogged over each other to produce a society with substantially more advanced scientific, technological, and cosmological ideas -- a society that can accurately be called a "breakaway civilization." 

This covert civilization has continued to interact with our own "official" society, but at the same time appears to have interactions or encounters with one or more of the non-human groups that are here on Planet Earth. The result is a clandestine cold war, very possibly with multiple human and non-human factions. 

Bio: Richard Dolan was born in Brooklyn, New York, studied at Alfred University and Oxford University, a Rhodes scholarship finalist, and completed his graduate work in history at the University of Rochester. Prior to his interest in UFOs, Dolan studied U.S. Cold War strategy, Soviet history and culture, and international diplomacy.

In 2000, he published UFOs and the National Security State: An Unclassified History, 1941-1973 (republished in 2002 with the subtitle Chronology of a Cover-Up, 1941-1973). This 500-page history provides clear detail on the major UFO cases of the early Cold War era, the attitudes and policies toward UFOs by the military and intelligence community, and the fascinating development of the citizen movements to end UFO secrecy.

In 2009, Richard completed Volume Two of his historical study, subtitled The Cover-Up Exposed, 1973-1991, and is now at work on the final volume of his historical trilogy. Richard has also published articles and spoken at conferences around the world. Among his main themes are the destruction of our political liberties as a result of the UFO cover-up. He has also speculated on the possible nature of the non-humans themselves and what their presence here means for our civilization. This has led him to take a fresh approach to the topic of “Exopolitics” and to develop unique insights into the practical challenges and opportunities for a true disclosure of the UFO phenomenon.

Richard has done a great deal of television work, having appeared on many documentaries for the History Channel, Sci Fi Channel, BBC, and elsewhere. In 2006 he was host to a six-episode series for the Sci Fi Channel, called SciFi Investigates.