Biography

Maxx stormed the Eurodance scene in 1994 with two huge hits Get-A-Way and No More (I Can't Stand It). The name Maxx which stands for 'maximum ecstasy' represents the work of  the co-producers The Hitman (David Brunner), Dawhite (no-one else than O'Jay, the rapper and co-producer of Real McCoy), the femal vocalist Linda Meek, and the rapper Gary Bokoe. They also had 2 dancers called Emelle and Louise. The hook in their music was a creative mixture of reggae, rap and speed muffin. Maxx was sign on Critique Records.

Without being as comprehensible as some other, the musically pioneering Maxx are contradictory and unconventional. In one year, Maxx had become one of Germany's most successful musical exports in pop history, thanks to these attitudes. The dance floor anthem Get-a-Way ensured that Maxx became a trademark of first-class dance music, almost overnight. It sold more than 400.000 units in Germany alone and reached Gold Status. In whole Europe it sold more than 1.100.000 units. It was # 11 in Israel, # 1 in many French charts and # 5 in UK. The British were so enthusiastic about Maxx that they invited the band to the prestigious TV Show Top of the Pops no less than three times. With 18 million viewers per show, this was a milestone even for the English. There was even a special UK remixes CD contained many unreleased mixes : Naked Eye Extended, Red Jerry Dub and Red JerryMix. On its release, Get-A-Way entered the significant Radio One A Playlist, and remained as the most frequently played single for three weeks. After worldwide Top 10 positions, including Top 5 in Eurocharts Get-A-Way has earned numerous gold discs, paving the way for No More (I Can't Stand It) to join the triumphant Golden March. No More (I Can't Stand It) also reached No. 5 in the Eurocharts, # 5 in Israel, and # 8 in UK. One of its remixes was done by Damage Control. Once again a special UX remixes CD was released, containing a Capri Dub Mix, a Ferrari F1 Mix, and an Overworked Mix.

Linda Meek only came after the first single. Get-A-Way featured vocals by Samira, while Alice Montana (real name : Eliz Yavuz, who would later take part to Zhi-Vago) appeared in the video clip. As for Gary, he always performed with great conviction, presenting his own creation of Ragga/Rap and Speedmuffin which makes the distinctive 'maxxamuffin'. The combimation of both these talents and song ideas, along with the skills of great producers working with the most modern of computer and studio technology, all culminate in the making of Maxx. It is the essence of these people that made the 'ultimate sound of Maxx' a unique act. 

Worldwide reactions to the debute album To The Maxximum have been euphorical which was no surprise. Rather than trying to reproduce the success of the first two singles, it effectively attempted to present a wide musical range of variation and insistent innovation. Despite two massive hits, few people still really knew who or what Maxx is. A mystery which Maxx gleefully enjoyed maintaining. Unfortunately the following singles You Can Get It (even if it reached # 21 in UK) and Move Your Body (a single imitating the Reel to Real style) didn't have the same success. The Christmas single Power Of Love was a very nice track that could have some success if it had been released not only on the Bravo Dance X-mas compilation. Therefore, after the outstanding 1994 year, this promising, talentful and original group disappeared from the dance music scene. 

2000 : thier album track Voodoochild was covered by a project called Flexx (no relationship with the Swedish eurodance group) 

2002 : a new album was said to be released in February 2002 by Sony Music in Germany. Entitled Long Time Ago, it contained 14 songs. According to the rumors, it was produced by the Berman brothers, David Brunner and Gary Bokoe himself. The new album was described as being full of eurodance and europop songs. The new members are said to be Lilieth Acosta and Dude Spencer. Unfortunately nothing was mentioned on Sony website, for one good reason : this new album was a hoax. 

2004 : there were rumors about remixes of the old hits of Maxx that would be released this year. But no company agreed to release them. 

