Miriam Makeba - The Guinea Years
Syliphone, 1975
Stern's Africa, 2001

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I've been listening to several Miriam Makeba albums before deciding which one to share. Her early recordings in the US are great 

but nothing beats what she recorded for Syliphone in Guinea. It was during the so called authenticite period, a time when music 

in Guinea was bursting like galaxies in the early universe (sorry, been reading that astronomy guy again) - Bembeya Jazz, 

Keletigui et ses tambourinis, Kaloum Star, Horoya Band, Camayenne Sofa and Balla et ses balladins, just to name the most 

famous bands. They are all featured on Stern's African Pearl series: Cultural Revolution and The Discoteque Years. Stern also 

released a set dedicated to Balla et ses balladins. It was with musicians from this great band, Miriam Makeba's band was formed. 

The Guinea Years show Makeba at her peak backed by very talented musicians. I OCR-ed the booklet so anyone can read, and 

hopefully repost and spread, the very informative liner notes. Hope you enjoy this as much as I do ;)

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Miriam Makeba: The Guinea Years

More than a quarter-century before the term "world music" caught on, Miriam Makeba was a world music star. She had been a 

popular singer and actress in Johannesburg since 1953, but beyond South Africa and neighbouring countries she was unknown. 

That changed dramatically when she landed in New York on November 30. 1959. Within a few dizzying weeks of her arrival in the 

United States, she had appeared nationwide on prime-time live television, recorded the first of her six albums for RCA, and begun 

preparing for a concert tour with Harry Belafonte (a huge star at the time). Her fame spread rapidly to Europe and around the 

globe. A show-business success, a media darling, a fashion plate, an award-winner, she was an international pop star ­ the first 

from Africa.

Makeba introduced African music to millions of non-Africans. She sang songs from South Africa's Zulu, Sotho, Swazi and her own 

Xhosa folk repertoires along with new songs from the multi-ethnic urban townships. She also sang songs from other regions of 

Africa, and her albums and concerts included songs from every other continent on the planet - folksongs, standards and new 

compositions. She spoke half a dozen languages and sang in many more. Touring far and wide, she brought audiences an 

unprecedented breadth of music and also gave them back some of their own in her unforgettable voice.

She could follow diverse traditions faithfully or rework material in new ways. Along with Harry Belafonte, Pete Seeger, Antonio 

Carlos Jobim and a few other artists prominent in the late '50s and early '60s, Miriam Makeba invented a genre - a sensibility more 

than a sound - which could aptly be called world music (though it had no name at the time). It was music with a worldview and 

worldwide appeal.

Stephen Biko once said that every South African was involved in politics. Makeba certainly was, but not by choice. During her 

first year and a half in the U.S. she was reluctant to comment on South Africa's brutal legalized racism, but after the Sharpeville 

massacre of 1961, in which several of her relatives were among the 69 civilians killed by the police, she couldn't keep herself from 

speaking out. Newspapers quoted her. The South African consulate in New York retaliated by revoking her passport when she 

wanted to fly back to Johannesburg for her mother's funeral. She was no longer a citizen of the country of her birth. Then, when 

she addressed the United Nations' Special Committee on Apartheid, the government of South Africa "banned" her. Thus she 

became, in effect, a criminal at large, subject to arrest if she returned home. 

But to people of every colour and nationality Makeba was a heroine. Martin Luther King and John F. Kennedy both heard her sing 

and expressed their admiration for her. So did many heads of state and a good many of their opponents (openly or in secret). 

She was seen as an icon of civil rights, ethnic pride, self-determination and internationalism."I have become a world citizen" she 

remarked, and in fact she nearly was one: in that period she travelled on diplomatic passports issued to her by eight different 

governments.

A music festival brought Makeba to Guinea tor the first time in 1967. On that occasion President Sekou Toure, who had led this 

West African nation to independence from France nine years earlier, presented her with a signed copy4 of one of his books and 

invited her to come back and live in Guinea. Leave the country that had first welcomed her when her native country had refused 

her? 

Many Americans loved her but others distrusted her, even hated her, particularly when she took up with Stokely Carmichael. 

They were suspicious of the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee (however innocent the name sounded) and they saw 

Carmichael, its leader, as a dangerous radical. The FBI tailed him. When he married Makeba in 1969 the FBI included her in its 

"investigation". Suddenly, and inexplicably her American concert engagements were being cancelled and her record company 

dropped plans to make a new album. Only a few months before, she'd been in the Top 20 with "Pata Pata", and two years earlier 

she'd won a Grammy (the first awarded to an African); now she couldn't get a gig. When King was assassinated on April 4, 1968, 

the FBI charged Carmichael with inciting the riots that broke out in Washington. Things very quickly got very shaky for 

Carmichael and Makeba. They fled to Conakry, Guinea.

President Toure welcomed the couple to Guinea with open arms, declared them permanent guests of the state and gave them a 

Villa. Guinea would be their home. The nation was celebrating the 10th anniversary of its independence, and revolutionary zeal 

was still the order of the day. Toure called his ideology African Socialism, and zeal was an essential component (as grand plans 

far outnumbered successful programmes).

There's every reason to believe that Sekou Toure genuinely admired both Stokely Carmichael and Miriam Makeba, but it's also 

clear that he used them. The famous newlyweds enhanced his prestige, and he took them with him on travels throughout the 

country and abroad. The President made each a Special Ambassador, and each filled his or her role well. Carmichael held strong 

convictions, possessed a keen intellect, and could speak compellingly to heads of state and crowds on the street alike. Makeba 

overcame her natural shyness and applied her sympathies, talents and star-power to good works in remote corners of Guinea and 

at OAU and UN conferences in foreign capitals. Yes, Toure used Carmichael and Makeba, but they gladly allowed themselves to 

be used and never doubted that their causes were just.

Sekou Toure was an autocrat who brooked no opposition. Regarding music, however, he showed an open mind and good 

judgement. Early in his presidency he had established a national network of music schools, festivals and state-subsidized 

ensembles. By the time Miriam Makeba arrived in Guinea, he had built a recording studio in Conakry and founded a national record 

company. His charge to musicians was twofold: honour Guinea's great classical and folk traditions (which colonialists had 

disdained, and create modern African music. His was one programme that did succeed - gloriously. Toure's support enabled 

traditional singers, drummers, dancers and the country's virtuosic players of the kora and the bala xylophone to devote 

themselves to their art. Guinea's splendid modern bands could not have made the records or mounted the tours they did without 

their government's sponsorship.

So Makeba encountered a flourishing musical environment in Guinea. It didn't need the gilding of an international star, but it made 

room for her. And though she didn't need Sekou Toure's patronage to further her musical career (she could get all the work she 

wanted in Europe), she eagerly accepted it for the opportunity to take part in a renaissance. She assembled a formidable group 

of Guinean musicians. learned old and new songs in the Maninka and Fula languages, toured with Les Ballets Africaines de Guinee, 

promoted younger singers such as Sona Diabate, and recorded exclusively for Syliphone, the Guinean national record company. 

Miriam Makeba recorded at least 28 songs in Conakry. Eight of these, plus four more written and sung by her daughter, Bongi 

Makeba Lee, were included in a Syliphone LP entitled Miriam & Bongi. A second LP, Appel a l'Afrlque, featuring Miriam Makeba with 

a Guinean quintet, was recorded live at the Palais du Peuple in Conakry. Both LPs (or abridged editions of them) have been 

available intermittently outside of Guinea. Only an abridged version of the live LP has been released on CD. But Syliphone 

released other Makeba recordings in Guinea only. A number of 45-rpm singles have been gathering dust in the Syliphone archives 

in Conakry. Six of the best songs of these recordings -are presented together for the first time in The Guinea Years. This 

revelatory new CD also features two songs from the Palais du Peuple concert that were never included in international editions of 

Appel a l'Afrique. Rounding out this unique compilation are seven cuts from Miriam & Bongi, an LP that has long been out of print.
 
This album presents Makeba in her ever remarkable multilingual mode, singing in six African languages, two European languages, 

and Arabic. The music is correspondingly varied. Three songs have been in her repertoire since the earliest years of her career in 

South Africa: two by her Zimbabwean friend Dorothy Masuka, and "lovely lies," which she first recorded as 'Laku Tshoni Llanga" 

with The Manhattan Brothers in 1954. Her own composition, "Amampondo," is based on a Xhosa rhythm. "West Wind Unification," 

which her daughter Bongi wrote for her, sounds like early '70s soft soul music - which it is. "Jeux Interdits (Forbidden Games)" is 

a contemporary French chanson. "Milele" is a Congolese mother's lament for her dead child. Perhaps the most unusual piece of 

this collection is "Africa (Ifrika)," by Algerian songwriter Lamine Bechuchi, which combines Manding-styled electric guitars with 

Maghreb-styled violins.

For many listeners the most interesting of these recordings are bound to be those that are most Guinean. Two, "Ojuiginira" and 

"Malouyame," are classics of the Manding jaliya canon of praise songs. "Ojuiginira" recounts the virtues of Sekou Toure's 

great-uncle, Keme Burama, and "Malouyame," also known as "Bani," could - and usually was - interpreted as a tribute to 

President Toure. Two other songs, also of traditional origin, "Toure Barika" ("Thanks to Toure") and "Sekou Famake" ("Sekou the 

Mighty Ruler"), are obviously addressed to the man who bore those names. "Maobhe Guinee," a song in the Fula language, is 

somewhat more genera: it lauds the President's entire Parti Democratique de Guinée.

Miriam Makeba was no sycophant. While she had much to be grateful to Sekou Toure for, she was only doing what all musicians 

in Guinea did in that era. Even the Malian singer Salif Keita sang Toure's praises in "Mandjou." Praising leaders is an ancient 

custom that is still practiced in many parts of Africa, particularly in the West African countries where griot traditions remain 

strong. Moreover, for Makeba, these songs integrated her political and her artistic ideals. The politics may seem naive now, but 

the art remains unassailable, for what is most striking about Makeba's Guinean songs is how adeptly she sang them. To hear this 

woman from a Johannesburg township sounding like a jelimuso from Kankan is to realize that Makeba could sing just about 

anything with aplomb and soul.

In 1978, when Makeba was 46, she divorced Carmichael after ten years of marriage. By that time the Guinean economy was 

failing badly and President Toure's rule was becoming increasingly repressive. Makeba quietly resigned her commission as a UN 

delegate, but she continued to live in Guinea (as did Carmichael). She gave an occasional concert but recorded nothing more for 

Syliphone, which was on its last legs, one of the many enterprises felled by the country's declining fortunes. Makeba spent most 

of her time in the remote village of Dalaba, where she had a modest house. Her daughter and grandchildren often stayed with 

her, and she involved herself in village projects and community health.

In 1984 Sekou Toure died. His designated successor was soon ousted by a coup d'etat, but though the new government was 

critical of Makeba's ties to the Toure regime, it allowed her to stay in Guinea, and she accepted.

And she never stopped singing. In 1987 she joined Paul Simon and her countrymen Hugh Masekela and Ladysmith Black Mambazo 

on a historic worldwide tour, and the following year she recorded an album in New York - the first she'd made there in 20 years. 

Then in 1990, when apartheid authorities in South Africa finally released Nelson Mandela from prison, they also lifted the ban on 

Miriam Makeba, and she returned home after 30 years in exile. Four years later, as millions of people around the world listened by 

radio or watched on television, Makeba sang at Mandela's inauguration as South Africa's first democratically elected president.

Miriam Makeba will turn 70 years old in 2002. She still sings for devoted audiences throughout Africa and every other continent 

on our planet. She is, after all, truly a world music star (stress each word: world... music... star), and she always will be.
-- Ken Braun (CD liner notes)

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Track List
01 - Teya Teya
02 - L'Enfant et la Gazelle
03 - Milélé
04 - Amapondo
05 - Touré Barika
06 - Lovely Lies
07 - Africa
08 - Maobhe Guinée
09 - Jeux Interdits
10 - West Wind Unification
11 - Oakhla Yunik
12 - Teya Teya (alt. t.)
13 - Ojuginira
14 - Malouyame
15 - Hadeya Deya
16 - Sékou Famaké

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.
Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html

Pastafari 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
TQMP. The Quality Music Project.