WrestleMania 27…
The Miz vs. John Cena for the WWE title
Undertaker vs. HHH
Edge vs. Alberto Del Rio for the World heavyweight title
C.M. Punk vs. Randy Orton
John Morrison & Trish Stratus & Snooki vs. Dolph Ziggler & Layla & Michelle McCool
Wade Barrett & Ezekiel Jackson & Heath Slater & Justin Gabriel vs. Big Show & Kane & Kofi Kingston & Christian
Rey Mysterio vs. Cody Rhodes
Jerry Lawler vs. Michael Cole with Jack Swagger in Cole’s corner and Steve Austin as referee
Daniel Bryan vs. Sheamus with Gail Kim in Bryan’s corner and the Bellas in Sheamus’ corner
WWE Divas Match

On paper it looks like a great WWE pay per view card but a weak WrestleMania card in my opinion. However, The Rock completely changes the game here as the return of The Rock and his feud with John Cena has reignited WWE business over the last few weeks. Ratings are way up, interest in the WWE is way up, and between Rock and Austin I can’t imagine business being anything but great for this year’s WrestleMania.

Check out the full Camel Clutch Blog Pro Wrestling and MMA store for videos, t-shirts, books, and more.

Kevin Nash has been talking about one more match and most assumed that it would come at WrestleMania 27. I am a bit surprised although I am certainly not disappointed that Nash won’t be wrestling here. With Big Show in an Eight Man Tag Team Match, Nash would have been a perfect foil opposite of Show and would have had to do the bare minimum with seven other guys in there. Well there is always SummerSlam right?

With the decision to go with a Money in the Bank pay per view, the decision was made to remove the match from WrestleMania. It is a shame because you were always guaranteed to have a great match with Money in the Bank. It was also a great vehicle to elevate guys as I think it means a lot more to win Money in the Bank at WrestleMania than it does anywhere else.

The news also confirms Steve Austin’s role in WrestleMania 27. I am not sure exactly how he fits into the storyline here but hey, I am not complaining. It is great to have Austin back as a regular over the next few weeks to build the match. The only thing I can speculate here is that Jim Ross is somehow involved and Austin gets involved due to his friendship with J.R. However, if the stip is Michael Cole picking the referee well than Steve Austin would make an odd choice for Cole. I’ll be curious to see how this thing plays out with Austin back on Monday.