S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars (c) LucasArts

23-03-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.............SecuROM
Action...............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The beloved and critically acclaimed LEGO Star Wars franchise is back
LEGO Star Wars III:The Clone Wars, combines the epic stories and iconic
characters from the Star Wars universe and hit animated TV series Star
Wars: The Clone Wars with all new gameplay features. Players will enjoy
brand new game mechanics allowing them to create, control and explore
in a galaxy far, far away like never before. Promising breathtaking
visuals as well as new characters and levels, the game also features
the signature tongue-in-cheek humor from the LEGO universe. With over
20 story-based missions and 40 bonus levels spanning the entire Clone
Wars era, LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars will allow fans to explore
endlessly and laugh their way through the Star Wars galaxy in the most
humorous, accessible and action-packed LEGO game to date

Features:

New Story - For the first time, players will experience their favorite
stories from Star Wars: The Clone Wars, retold in the amazing LEGO
world that fans know and love

Massive Ground Battles - Brand new to the LEGO Star Wars experience
players will take control of battalions of clone troopers against the
relentless droid army - building bases, deploying vehicles and calling
in reinforcements to defeat opponents

SceneSwap - Authentic to the Star Wars experience, a new feature allows
players to take control of multiple teams in separate locations
Working together to complete various objectives, players will control
each team through the press of a button, while playing in single player
or in multiplayer co-op modes

All New Boss Battles - For the first time in the LEGO Star Wars
franchise, fans will fight against massive bosses as seen in The Clone
Wars animated series, including Gor, the epic Zillo Beast and many
other favorites

Multi-Layered Space Battles - Players will be able to take off in their
favorite ships to navigate and fly through multi-layered combat
throughout the galaxy

New Combat Abilities - Characters will have more dynamic moves allowing
players greater freedom to battle their opponents. Characters will also
have new lightsaber abilities including Lightsaber Cutting, Lightsaber
Throwing, and Lightsaber Climbing. The game will also feature new
grappling abilities allowing players to climb their way through puzzles
and defeat enemies

Explore the Galaxy - Players will be able to explore exotic locations
in a variety of ships throughout 16 different star systems. Fans will
play as villainous Separatists, the noble Republic heroes or even as
bounty hunters, tracking down characters across the galaxy

Expanded Force Abilities - Using the Force in all new ways to control
LEGO objects, players will solve puzzles, access new areas, pick up and
throw enemies - even turning them into weapons

Brand New Clone Weapons, Vehicles and Characters - New clone weapons
including rapid fire guns and rocket launchers, as well as all new
massive capital ships to explore, such as Anakin Skywalker's flagship
the Resolute and Grievous devastating warship , the Malevolence
Players will also navigate through the galaxy in new vehicles such as
the Republic gunship, Clone Turbo Tank and even Anakin s Jedi
Intercepter and the Twilight. Fans will also discover their favorite
classic characters such as Darth Vader, Chewbacca and Luke Skywalker

Puzzle Solving - The game will feature all new puzzles that reward
creative thinking through the use of teamwork and unique building
situations only possible in a LEGO galaxy far, far away

All new lighting and animations - A brand new engine brings characters
to life, giving players a whole new level of control in a vibrant
environment, unlike anything ever seen before in a LEGO game

Split Screen - Improved dynamic split screen for multi-player co-op
with jump in/jump out abilities for friends and families to play
together

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Whole SKID ROW crew wishes HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a certain special member!

Best wishes old fart and remember you owe us a birthday party!

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision