Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11g R1: Business Service Management By Ashwin Kumar Karkala, Govinda Raj Sambamurthy
 Publisher: Pa...ckt Publ...ishing 2011 | 360 Pages | ISBN: 184968216X | PDF | 8.3 MB



 Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control is a release of Oracle Enterprise Manager that is used to model and manage the entire Oracle Grid and beyond. It has capabilities to manage a number of databases and application servers, and can manage multiple instances of Oracle deployment platforms. Business Service Management (BSM) is a methodology for monitoring and measuring Information Technology (IT) services from a business perspective. The Business Service Management capabilities of Oracle Enterprise Manager are available only in the Grid Control flavor.

 This book will show you how to use Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control 11g R1 to manage your Information Technology (IT) services and perform Business Service Management (BSM) within your business.

 Today’s data centers are highly complex and distributed environments that provide a wide range of services. There are often strict Service-Level Agreements to be met in these environments. The ‘right model’ is a key step in simplifying the complexities involved in monitoring and managing such environments. This book focuses on using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Grid Control 11g R1 to perform Business Service Management (BSM) within your business, since the Business Service Management area is one of the key focus areas of CXOs and an integral part of ITIL. The book starts by providing an overview of Business Service Management, detailing out the passive and active monitoring capabilities of OEM before presenting OEM capabilities in IT infrastructure management. It then dives deep into topics such as Modeling Services, Beacons, and Service Tests and Service Target Metrics amongst others.

 A strategic guide to modeling, monitoring, and managing your business services and service-level agreement life cycles using the rich features of Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g R1.

What you will learn from this book :
Discover Modeling as a panacea for managing complexity in today’s data centers
Gain an insight into various monitoring techniques like active and passive monitoring
Get to grips with salient management features of Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g that every system administrator must know
Manage the IT Infrastructure passively through Systems and Groups Targets-based modeling
Understand Active monitoring techniques and execute synthetic transactions using Beacons and Service Tests
Model business services using different types of Service Targets
Define the availability of your business services and infrastructure
Perform a measurement of your business services using KPIs
Deliver real-time monitoring using dashboards, reports, and widgets
Define, monitor, and manage Service-Level Agreements
Model complex business services using Aggregate Service Targets
Use out-of-the-box system-service models for Oracle products
Understand best practices for modeling and monitoring services in your data centers