Trainz Simulator 12 (c) Auran/N3V Games

18-04-2011........Release Date ... Protection..............Serial
Train Simulator......Game Type ... Disk(s)................NFO FIX


NFO FIX NOTES

We thought it was obvious, but apparently we were wrong, so here we go

If you don't have our release bloked from connecting to the net, then
the game will blacklist the key and corrupt your game installation

Be 100% sure CCP.exe, ContentManager.exe, Launcher.exe, TADDaemon.exe
trainz.exe, TrainzUtil.exe are blocked in you firewall for connections
to go online before starting the game for the first time

If you use Windows 7 - you can find a perfect guide here:
 
http://www.trishtech.com/win7/block_a_program_in_windows_firewall.php

Keep in mind we do all this, because we can and because we like the
trilling excitement of winning over the other competing groups. We
absolutely don't do all these releases, to please the general user that
rather want to spend their cash on updating to the latest hardware, and
see's the scene releases as a source to play all these games for free

Enjoy playing and remember if you like it, support the developer!

RELEASE NOTES

Build And Operate The Railroad Of Your Dreams... With Your Friends!
Trainz Simulator 12, Now With Multiplayer

TS12 includes the most exciting new feature in the history of Trainz
The players have asked for it and we have delivered Trainz Multiplayer
Now players from all over the world can build, play and operate
railroads together!

Features:

Feel what it s like to put your hands on the controls of powerful
locomotives as they steam through towns, cities and rolling countryside

Design and Build your own railroads with Trainz Surveyor and access
hundreds of thousands of assets from the Trainz Download Station to
build with

Share your enthusiasm with other rail fans as your combine your efforts
to operate a working rail line in the new Trainz Multiplayer

Satellite View - Zoom all the way out and view your railroad from
satellite distance

More realistic trees with new SpeedTree Assets

Backward compatible with TS2010 content

New Routes:

Southern China
ECML Kings Cross - Newcastle
Balezino - Mosti
Debrecen - Nyiregyhaza
Mojave Sub Division
Municipal transit railway
Norfolk & Western - Appalachian Coal
Northeast Corridor - Wilmington To Philadelphia

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Use any of these serials to activate the game:

 ATRZ-N2QU-PDKP-KNT6-RMPP-RPPP
 ATRZ-N2FU-PDKP-KDT6-RMPP-BPPP
 ATRZ-34N5-QBGQ-HLJ6-RKQ5-BFG2
 ATRZ-3485-QBGQ-8KN6-RGQ5-SKDR

5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan