Randy Fromm series of Arcade School Videos

All-You-Need Beginning Electronics for Operators and Mechanics - 

Whew! That title's a mouthful but it describes this program perfectly. Let's face it. When it comes to fixing videogames and pinball machines, there's lotsa stuff that you just don't need to know! Why try to learn electronics from an engineering standpoint (the way they teach in college and technical schools) when all you need is enough electronics training to fix things?  

Basic Videogame Troubleshooting - 

You've just walked into one of your locations and your brand new videogame has a blank screen. What could be wrong? Where do you start troubleshooting? Is this a monitor problem? Is the power supply bad? This program shows you how to get to the cause of the problem fast!  

Diodes, Transistors & Other Semiconductors - 

Semiconductors are the basis for just about everything in today's coin-operated equipment. Semiconductor failures of all types are the most common problems you will encounter when fixing power supplies, pinball boards and videogame monitors.  
This program takes a look at all of the different types of semiconductors commonly seen in coin-operated amusements. We'll take a look at the operation of each component, along with testing procedures to determine if the part is good or bad. Replacement components will also be discussed. Never get stuck for a replacement part again! 

Easy Pinball PC Board Repair - 

This program does NOT show you how to change burned coils or repair flipper units. What you WILL learn is how to fix the four most common problems on the pinball printed circuit board (the CPU board.) These are the solenoid driver circuit, the switch matrix, the lamp matrix and the high voltage power supply for the display unit.

Switching Regulator Power Supplies (Peter Chou type) - 

Many operators throw away their power supplies, not realizing how easy they are to repair. Most power supplies can be repaired in less than a half-hour at an average cost of a buck and a half each. This lesson explains the operation of switching power supplies and how to repair them quickly and inexpensively. Parts sources for power supply repair will also be discussed.  

Conventional Power Supplies - 

Power supplies are easy to understand and easy to fix. Conventional (linear) power supplies are used in over 99% of all videogame monitors as well as all pinball machines and redemption equipment. This lesson covers linear power supplies and voltage regulators in detail. This lesson is a recommended prerequisite to monitor repair as many monitor problems can be traced to a power supply failure.  

Videogame Monitor Repair Made Simple - 

The popularity of conversion kits means that today's operator must keep his monitors working forever! This lesson details the operation of monitors in easy-to-understand language. Each monitor circuit is discussed individually, along with a look at the schematic diagrams for typical monitors. Common monitor failures are discussed, along with the symptoms that will help pinpoint the cause of the problem. Of course, monitor safety will also be discussed in this lesson.  

Videogame Conversions Made Simple - 

Videogame Conversions are a snap when you know how. Topics include: Installing Formica sides, working with plexiglass, wiring coin doors, monitors and power supplies and manufacturing new control panels.

Using an Oscilloscope - 

Although simple repairs can often be accomplished with a digital multimeter, an oscilloscope is essential for troubleshooting complex analog and digital circuits. This program covers the entire range of oscilloscope controls and operations.

Troubleshooting Microprocessor Based Systems - 

Similarities between microprocessor systems allow a technician to troubleshoot dozens of different microprocessor systems, regardless of manufacturer. By following standard troubleshooting techniques, microprocessor problems can quickly be localized and repaired. This program will also show you how a simple circuit can be used to display computer data right on the videogame monitor! 

Troubleshooting XY Monitors - 

XY monitors were used in games like Asteroids, Tempest and Star Wars. This program covers the theory of operation of XY monitors in easy-to-understand terms and demonstrates a straightforward method of troubleshooting them. Common failures are discussed in detail.