Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                         
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                         
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                                         
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                         
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
  
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?758k1d588rxdrpic34irzj48pc 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wjj0hrg873opp5qkurt6n9xjvjl 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wyaryu07a1ni7p7webmy5cq0z7i 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?tq4oodfl7pshpew36rhgdelp5vo 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kvun98vqso8qlxuhcve6nfsnte2 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?327wr0kfnzuosac6089fzpwb4h1 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8bpacw645piroilb0voe5wmkubf6 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3dd9iltiyyp5xg2xtsla5oenec6i 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ew6l8vvjq1nvp5ldm7pv1d069vp2

Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video description from website:

Model Comments: Hi Guys, Wow i had a fun time shooting for FTV today. I actually submitted my pictures that i had from myspace to FTV so that hopefully they would choose to shoot with me. I was a little nervous at first because i hadnt heard from them right away but when they responded to my email i got the first flight out. This is my first time to the southwest.. I flew out from NYC last night and honestly did not know what to expect. My flight was so scary. I was sitting next to a man who was knibbling on his arm , i guess he has a crazy fetish with arm hair (lol).. and there was so much turbulence on the plane. Hopefully my flight home wont be that bad even though i heard its raining in ny right now. I dont want to leave. This was my first time coming to Arizona but i would defitnely come back. It is so warm here. I think this is my first time seeing a wild cactus and little creatures just running around in the streets. The day started later than a usual shoot. We started around 9:30 am. We shot about 4 sets today. I was a little intimidated at first doing a few public flashes but by the end of the day i think i warmed up. I didnt know what people where going to think. I got a few nasty looks from people i think they are just jealous of my perfect natural boobs. It was so funny when we were shooting on the escalator and the security guards stopped us. They were being mean but i think they we just made that it wasnt them filming me . They made us leave.. There is such a huge toy selection. I mean big small thick thin colorful vibrator tickling anal toys even a fist and two finger toy ( that i ended up using).

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She orginally sent me these pictures for her application: #1 #2 #3 #4. Shortly thereafter she sent some nudes her friend took of her #5 #6 #7 #8 #9 #10. She looks more 'mature' in these pics, I originally thought he might be 24-26 years old etc... When she came in person, I realized she's just a teen still. Without the makeup in those photos, she does come across more natural and girlish. She's already done several shoots for other softcore glamor sites, but she would almost be unrecognizable with the hours of hair & makeup involved in them. I let her do her makeup herself, turns out to bring her more natural side out on FTV. Picked her up the night before, as she had arrived from New York -- then we started the next day. She likes those tan heels, and they do make her look sexy in the dress she was wearing. We didn't get too far in the mall before security kicked us out (as seen on the middle of clip 1). Still though, she was willing to flash as much as she could, and didn't mind going all out on location. Her tight butt shorts were perfect for some extreme closeups, pulling out her private parts from the side, pulling and tugging on her clitoral peircing. Some erotic shots there as she plays with herself in detail. The large pink vibrator was awesome, giving her hard deep penetration as well as two strong orgasms. The candid outtake video (Clip 7) shows me waking her up along with Danielle and her taking a shower to get ready.



Model Comments: I used a few different variety of toys today during my shoot, but one of the vibrators was the silver bullet one. i am in love with it!!! That one made me cum muliple times on the bed. I need to get one of those for my house so i can use it on myself everynight when i masturbate.I love masturbating especially because i am not in a relationship so i cant always get it when i want it. So to masturbate i get off when i want to get off how i want to get off. When i have an orgasm it makes me feel so fucking good. Afterwards all i want to do is sleep. I am so relaxed. Do you like to masturbate as much as i do? I love my body. The pictures came out so nice i know you will love them just as much as i do. I have a great body . Real natural boobs 36 C.. a firm booty that loves to get spanked when im naughty hehe.. I have a fairy tatoo. I heard some of you guys might not like it but if you look really closely my fairy is sprinkling fairy dust on my pussy. She is making it so yummy and tasty .. I like the "fur" im growing. It makes me feel more like a women. I use to shave my pussy pubic hair alot, but i wanted to try something different. I have been growing it in and now have a landing strip. It is so erotic to me. Most girls like to shave it but i want to be different. I think we should bring a little hair back to more shoots. I cant believe the two days i spent in Arizona are gone. Now in a few hours it will be time for me to go back home. Back home i dont do much modeling. I am a dancer at bachelor parties. That is a lot of fun . I make great money. its putting me through nursing school, and you get to meet all different types of individuals. I have some great girls i work with. We definitely put on a great show. This funniest thing i have to say happened to me today was when the banana exploded inside my pussy and banana juice was pouring out of me. It took me like 30 mins to try to get all the banana juice out my pussy. Thatll be something i wont forget. I think for my first time ever doing a shoot like this i did a great job. It was funny how the lingerie or clothes that i was wearing did not stay on for long. Either a nipple was hanging out here or a butt cheek was hanging out there something was always being shown. Shooting for FTV definitely was a shoot ill never forget. My photographer even took me to get brownie and vanilla icecream afterwards. Thats was so nice and unexpected. Usually they do not want you to eat those things so you wont gain any weight.. Its really crazy to when i was going over my pictures how young i look. I am only a teenager 19 to be exact but i can pass for a lot younger. I guess thats hot in a weird way. Durning the shoot i had on very little makeup , all natural light, there is not airbrushing and transforming me into something im not. The way you see me in my pictures is the way i come in real life. This is the real deal a young hot horney blonde college student that live in NYC making her way into the adult world. Im so happy FTV shot me!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  With a cute body like hers, I had to get some nice natural breast and butt massage, this time on the bed, with lighting/shadows to show off those young firm curves. Trying to bring out her playful side, I made her bounce around (and watch those firm breasts barely bounce). For a more 'in your face' masturbation, I let her use a less intrusive vibrator, and her orgasms are seen clearly. According to her, she had 3 orgasms then, I could not tell but I saw multiple contractions throughout the video. My favorite part of her update however, was the banana play, some very sexy angles of her fingering herself, then using the banana deep.  For those of you who are curious and/or skeptical of these girls writing their own comments, watch the end of clip 7.  Besides the true intimacy of the videos FTV offers that no other site can come close to accomplish, girls actually write their own comments, and go beyond the generic writeup.  I don't even edit the way they write, to keep it as real as possible.


