DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

"Sooner or later, the contributors to The Soul Hypothesis warn, scientists will pinpoint the exact three neurons whose firing accompanies the thought of our deciding to make a phone call or, if you prefer, deciding to get up and get a beer from the refrigerator. As ever more such micro-couplings are observed, we will—so scientists tell us with unseemly glee—gradually come to see that our cherished conscious life is nothing but a long series of electrical impulses, not an autonomous realm of free will and free thought. [...] The book's contributors set out this scientific challenge fully and engagingly, but they also expose its fallacies.The Soul Hypothesis performs yeoman service in rescuing the human capacities for consciousness and voluntary action from scientific challenge." -- The Wall Street Journal

What do we mean when we speak about the soul? What are the arguments for the existence of the soul as distinct from the physical body? Do animals have souls? What is the difference between the mind and the soul? The Soul Hypothesis brings together experts from philosophy, linguistics and science to discuss the validity of these questions in the modern world.

They contend that there is an aspect of the nature of human beings that is not reducible to the matter that makes up our bodies. This perspective is part of a family of views traditionally classified in philosophy as substance dualism, and has something serious in common with the ubiquitous human belief in the soul.

The Soul Hypothesis presents views from a range of sciences and the resulting big picture shows, more clearly than could a single author with one area of expertise, that there is room for a soul hypothesis.

Contents:

Introduction

1. "The Soul of the Matter" - Charles Taliaferro
2. "Minds, Brains and Brains in Vats" - Daniel N. Robinson
3. "Brains and Souls; Grammar and Speaking" - Mark Baker
4. "Making Things Happen: Souls in Action" - Stewart Goetz
5. "Energy of the Soul" - Robin Collins
6. "The Measure of All Things: Quantum Mechanics and the Soul" - Dean Zimmerman
7. "From Seeing to Seer" - Hans Halvorson
8. "Souls Beastly and Human" - William Hasker
9. "A Scientific Case for the Soul" - Robin Collins

Afterword
Bibliography