 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059742/

XviD HD 2CD avi 1920 X 1080p resolution at 4800k video bitrate 256k mp3 audio
tracks in both English and German - sound is more powerful than 384k ac3 audio
tracks we tried instead first. ac3 tends to be more muted in volume power

Some things are hard to understand - our 2GB DivX from 1080p version is
far superior to the dvd extracted versions we see around in the same size yet
folks are drawn to the bitrate of the ac3 file rather than the true quality 
of our movie file whicjh is superior in all respects - same for 12 angry men
720p HD versions - our 256k mp3 hdtv version is superior yet seeds are elsewhere
all too often. what gives! 

more on our offering here today:
The German audio was extracted from the 44GB bluray file thats on the net
We found the video on it didnt yield the full 1920 x 1080p in full screen
mode so we used the cinefile 13gb mkv video instead as it has been around for
a while and it converted just fine to full res, full screen. Tools we employed
for this test included DivX converter PLUS (mkv mode) and Xilisoft HD converter.
All audio came from dts files conversions

There were lots of various euro subtitles on the bluray disc file we obtained,
Russian and Ukrainian were also there,  however they are bloated sup image format
files amounting to over half a gigabyte overall when only a mere one tenth of one
percent of that was needed if they had only used sensible srt formatted text files
instead I suppose. We will do what we can to convert these sup files although it
may take some time to do them all. If you do check around for subs please note
this is the full 2hrs 54 minutes version of the movie program (this euro version
is same length now as north american version), with a file split into cd2 just
following the intermission (around 1hr 44mins 49 seconds)


Excerpted from the Daily Mail (UK) Newspaper website:

Starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer, directed by Robert Wise
and filmed partly on location in Salzburg, Austria, The Sound of Music was
the top-grossing film of its era, and remains the most successful movie
musical of all time.

Nominated for ten Academy Awards, it won five, including Best Picture, 
Best Sound Recording, and Best Scoring of Music (adaptation) by the legendary
Irwin Kostal.

From its first, record-breaking run on stage at LondonΓΓé¼Γäós Palace Theatre in the early 1960s, through the zaniness of the sing-a-long A Sound of Music craze,
and the huge success of the West End theater's current smash hit revival 
presented by Andrew Lloyd Webber, The Sound of Music has always been one of 
Great Britain's Most favourite things."



This is undoubtedly the greatest movie ever made - to show the supreme
spirit of Ms. Julie Andrews and its rightful place upon the throne as 
a far better alternative over the wisdom that otherwise seems to pervade
the planet even on the part of such misguided authoritarian characters as
that which is played by the talented Christopher Plummer (who really should
know better!).

This movie has made more than enough money that a sensible, Christianly 
spirited studio could long ago have afforded to make available on a cheap
five dollar HD disc - or else more rightly I think, settle for those that
make do with the versions we give away here instead - awaiting the prevailing
of better minds in the running of things in this industry generally speaking.

A 1965 movie is in any event a great candidate for the end of copyright
protection and the grace of public domain ownership - the cost of abuses by
this industry as I say once again.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

seeding tip:
Sometimes we have to seed at higher speeds to generate swarm speeds, sometimes
the software is designed to require exactly the opposite for periods of times
just the same (instant trigger as it were). So experiment to see what works
best to see proper sharing and high swarm speeds are achieved as a torrent 
matures in building up its available seed between peers