Gil Scott-Heron & Brian Jackson  It's Your World
Released (LP): November 1976 Label: Arista
Released (CD) :2000 Label: Rumal-Gia
Format:Flac



This Gil Scott-Heron double album, roughly two thirds of which was recorded live in Boston on July 2-4, 1976, makes the most of its Centennial-centric time frame. Between the American flag striped cover art and Heron's spoken word spiel on an 8-and-a-half minute poem/rant "Bicentennial Blues," the album loses little of its impact, regardless of how the years have mildewed once fresh political topics like Nixon, Agnew, and Watergate.

Four of its songs are studio recordings ("It's Your World," "Possum Slim," "New York City," and "Sharing"), and even though they're up to Heron's usual jazz/blues/pop standards, the disc is most effective on the concert tracks. As he explains in the 2000 penned liner notes, The Midnight Band was a compelling live unit and one listen to the brisk, electrifying, 13-minute rendition of "The Bottle," one of Heron's most penetrating tracks, is all you'll need to understand why. More importantly, like the best protest music, these tunes have lost none of their lyrical edge or incisiveness throughout the years. Musically the band is taut and rehearsed down to the finest time change, yet loose enough to open up on the jams. The heavy Latin percussion/flute/piano -- but remarkably guitar-less -- sound is equal parts Santana and Mongo Santamaria with a strong jazz current throughout, especially on the John Coltrane tribute "Trane," featuring tenor hornman Bilal Sunni-Ali's fiery lead. Scott-Heron's deep, mellifluous voice is alternately soothing and cutting, infusing the music with heart and soul, while keeping the sound focused even during the longer improvisations. Only a dated '70s drum solo belies the year this was recorded. Chestnuts like "Home Is Where the Hatred Is" explode in extended live versions that become definitive readings of the tunes. Remastered for its reissue, It's Your World crackles with energy, presenting an accomplished band at their peak and placing the listener practically on stage for the live tracks with acoustics that are full, yet airy and spacious. One of Gil Scott-Heron's best albums as well as a compelling musical time capsule, the disc is proof of the artist's musical and lyrical acuity and is a moving listening experience.

Tracklist:
1."It's Your World" - 3:52
2."Possum Slim" - 6:00
3."New York City" - 4:45
4."17th Street" - 5:45
5."Tomorrow's Trane" - 7:20
6."Must Be Something" - 5:20
7."Home Is Where The Hatred Is" - 12:10
8."Bicentennial Blues" - 8:40
9."The Bottle" - 13:30
10."Sharing" - 5:55


Personnel
Gil Scott-Heron - Vocals, Electric Piano
Brian Jackson - Piano, Electric Piano, Synthesizer, Flute, Vocals
Danny Bowens - Electric Bass, Vocals
Victor Brown - Vocals, (solo on "Sharing")
Bilal Sunni Ali - Tenor Sax, Flute
Barnett Williams - Congos, (solo on "The Bottle"), Percussion
Tony Duncanson - Congos, Bongos, Timbales (solo on "The Bottle")
Reggie Brisbane - Drums (traps), Percussion
Delbert Taylor – Trumpet



