

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61cEz5YnuXL.jpg


Title: My Darkest Days
Artist: My Darkest Days
Audio CD (September 21, 2010)
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Rock
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing

01. Move Your Body
02. Porn Star Dancing [Feat. Zakk Wylde]
03. Every Lie
04. Like Nobody Else
05. The World Belongs to Me
06. Save Me
07. Set It on Fire
08. Come Undone
09. Can't Forget You
10. Goodbye
11. Porn Star Dancing [Feat. Ludacris]

Includes: My Darkest Days - Porn Star Dancing.avi


Amazon Review:
My Darkest Days is a new rock group based out of Toronto. The group was discovered by Chad Kroeger (Nickelback) and is signed to his production company Mountainview Records. The trio originally hails from the small town of Norwood, Ontario. This small town atmosphere did not offer a lot of activities for young kids, so the band members have made music a part of their lives from a very early age. In fact, Matt Walst (Singer/Guitarist) co-wrote on his older brother's, Brad Walst (bassist Three Days Grace) debut album Three Days Grace. My Darkest Days use high energy rock and roll, coupled with beautiful ballads to explore the feelings that burn inside all of us. With catchy melodies and lyrics to back them up My Darkest Days is slowly becoming a fan favorite. An energy filled live show combined with an energetic crowd make the band an unforgettable live experience.

Allmusic Review:
Discovered by post-grunge icon and fellow Canadian Chad Kroeger, My Darkest Days deliver a massive dose of slick, radio-ready hard rock on their self-titled debut. Straight out of the gate, the band shows its got rock star swagger with strip club-ready tracks like “Move Your Body” and “Porn Star Dancing,” with the latter featuring guest spots from Kroeger himself and rapper Ludacris. While these songs revel in their sleaze, the dirty fun doesn’t last long. The rest of the album shows a more plaintive side of the band, stripping away all of the bravado in exchange for more lovelorn musings. The shift is a noticeable one, and though the rest of the songs are still solid, it feels like someone called the cops on the party. Despite this shift, My Darkest Days still manage to keep the sound on the rock side of things, making for a debut that is sure to find fans among Nickelback lovers.