 http://comadocumentary.org/
"COMA" is a feature length documentary film that was produced and directed by Liz Garbus and Moxie Firecracker Films for HBO Documentary Films. The film follows the recovery process of four patients at the world renowned extended care recovery facility JFK Johnson Rehabilitation Institute  in New Jersey.  It presents an unprecedented in-depth look at the rehabilitation process for more than a year with access to the patients, families, and caretakers.

The outreach effort is a cooperative process with the Brain Injury Association of America (BIAA) , the nation's leading non-profit advocacy group and information clearing house for traumatic brain injury patients and families. Our primary goal is to support the recovery process of patients and families and the professional development of TBI caregivers through film screenings. We believe that our film provides an honest and accurate case study of the recovery process and will foster constructive dialogue about many issues surrounding recovery. BIAA is also using the film in conjunction with their efforts on Capitol Hill, providing copies to Members of Congress and other decision makers so they can see beyond the statistics and better understand the life changing impact that TBI has on families. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

Actors: Tom Segars, Roxanne Guzman, Sean Reilly, Al'Khan Edwards, Joseph Giacino
Directors: Liz Garbus
Format: Closed-captioned, Color, DVD, NTSC
Language: English
Studio: Hbo Home Video
DVD Release Date: January 29, 2008
Run Time: 102 minutes
ASIN: B000YI99OG

Product Description
HBO Documentary Films unique look at the mystery of traumatic brain injury, which has captivated Americas imagination for decades, COMA follows the personal journeys of four traumatic brain injury patients over the year following their emergence from a coma into either a persistent vegetative state, a minimally conscious state, or beyond. Directed by award-winning filmmaker Liz Garbus, COMA goes inside The Center for Head Injuries at JFK Medical Center, a top U.S. medical facility for the treatment of head trauma. The film charts the patients progress and details the efforts made on their behalf by doctors, therapists and, most poignantly, families and friends. In addition to the feature documentary, the DVD includes an additional feature on a fifth patient, Willie Hicks, whose recovery from a brain injury is more pronounced than those of the four subjects seen in COMA. 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 
http://www.moviesonline.ca/movienews_12296.html
HBO COMA Documentary
Posted by: Michael

According to the Brain Injury Association of America, traumatic brain injury affects more Americans each year than breast cancer, multiple sclerosis, HIV/AIDS and spinal cord injury combined. Academy Award®-nominated director Liz Garbus’ insightful documentary COMA explores the mysteries of the injured brain and its ability to heal when the exclusive HBO presentation debuts TUESDAY, JULY 3 (9:00-10:45 p.m. ET/PT).  Giving voice to people whose quality of life and very existence have been threatened, the special goes inside a top U.S. medical facility for the treatment of head trauma and follows four coma survivors over the course of a year.

In the wake of the Terri Schiavo media spectacle and the “awakening” of Terry Wallis from a minimally conscious state after 19 years of silence, Garbus strives to find answers away from the glare of the media.  With unprecedented access to the Center for Head Injuries at the JFK Medical Center in Edison, NJ, she chronicles the emotional stories of four families for one year, looking through the eyes of their renowned physicians and neuropsychologists, led by Dr. Joseph Giacino and Dr. Caroline McCagg. COMA debuts nationwide Tuesday, July 3rd at 9:00p.m., only on HBO!   

-------------------------------------------------------------- 
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/03/arts/television/03bell.html

Television Review | 'Coma'
Coping With Uncertainty After Injury to the Brain
By GINIA BELLAFANTE
Published: July 3, 2007

The feel-good movie has its corollary in the universe of cable television in the feel-bad documentary, the exploration of some illness, catastrophe or political horror whose primary purpose is to wrest viewers from their complacency but whose effect, invariably, is to validate their blessed fortune. You watch a documentary about AIDS orphans in Africa and feel compelled to send a check to a charity until you remember you have no stamp to mail the envelope. Your errands are mounting, and by the time you’ve finished tallying them, you’ve moved on, awash in the comforting knowledge that a surfeit of obligations and a limited time frame constitute the full plate of your daily challenges.

Television has become such an expansive catalog of suffering that we cannot help but keep the pages turning. But “Coma,” a documentary about severe brain injury to be shown on HBO tonight, is so committed to curiosity over crusade that it functions as a bookmark. Informed by the Terry Schiavo case, “Coma” floats above the ethical debates it inspired. The filmmaker, Liz Garbus, retains a cool control of her camera, deploying a reportorial style that is an object lesson in the virtues of unobstrusiveness.

Ms. Garbus follows four patients at the Center for Head Injuries at the John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Edison, N.J., in the aftermath of devastating accidents (in one instance an assault), never supplying the particulars that would give her project the cast of emotional gruesomeness. No one she profiles, it seems, will fully recover — one patient remains in a persistent vegetative state, and his family is told he won’t improve at all — but others emerge from minimally conscious states to struggle with motor, cognitive and auditory skills.

“Coma” is in a sense a poem to the vastly different ways human beings cope with uncertainty. The uncertainty around severe brain injury, about which doctors still don’t know a tremendous amount, seems unusually pervasive. Families of the patients in “Coma” are not besieged with statistics. Numbers and graphs and the solace they can provide are absent here. The prognoses are all vague.

Tom, an attractive man in his 30s, can’t speak fluidly or consistently and can’t walk, but his fiancée’s conviction that he will return to his former self, that they will marry and pursue the life they had planned, remains as unwavering as an alcoholic’s faith in a drink. Tom’s mother takes joy in his small triumphs but breaks down, while his fiancée, Lynda, remains calmly managerial.

Some family members can’t deal with the pernicious constancy of their loved one’s disease. As a mother says of her son, he needs to get better or worse. “This,” as she puts it, referring to his state, “is unacceptable.”

Produced and directed by Liz Garbus; Rory Kennedy and Jed Rothstein, producers; Daniel B. Gold and Tom Hurwitz, directors of photography; edited by Karen Sim; music by Thomas Rutishauser; Dan Cogan, story editor. For HBO: Nancy Abraham, senior producer; Sheila Nevins, executive producer.
