East Meets West - Japanese Kodo Drummers and Donal Lunny Irish band together (1998)


Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1746kbps 
Duration.............: 52:08.957
Resolution...........: 608*464 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 115 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 733,386,752 

 
http://www.amazon.com/East-Meets-West-Donal-Lunny/dp/B000YKYT5I
 
http://bayimg.com/MaDNBAAdN


Product Details
Actors: Kodo Drummers, Coolfin, Donal Lunny
Directors: Robert Corkey
Format: Color, DVD, NTSC
Language: English
Region: Region 1 (U.S. and Canada only. Read more about DVD formats.)
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1
Number of discs: 1
Studio: KULTUR VIDEO
DVD Release Date: January 29, 2008
Run Time: 60 minutes

Product Description

This documentary celebrates the bringing together of two very different musical traditions: the drumming techniques of the Kodo Drummers of Sado Island, Japan, and the traditional Irish music performed by Donal Lunny and Coolfin. Having invited Donal Lunny and his band to play at the 1996 and 1997 Earth Celebrations on Sado Island, The Kodo Drummers made their first trip to Dublin, Ireland, in July 1998 to perform a series of concerts with the Donal Lunny Band. From barely audible pianissimos to earth-shattering explosions of sound, Kodo masterfully combine primal energy with virtuoso refinement.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kodo_(taiko_group)

Kodo is a professional taiko drumming troupe. Based on Sado Island, Japan, they have had a role in popularizing taiko drumming, both in Japan and abroad. They regularly tour Japan, Europe, and the United States.

Although the main focus of the performance is taiko drumming, other traditional Japanese musical instruments such as fue and shamisen make an appearance on stage as do traditional dance and vocal performance. Kodo's performance include pieces based on the traditional rhythms of regional Japan, pieces composed for Kodo by contemporary songwriters, and pieces written by Kodo members themselves. The numbers that Kodo perform can change from concert to concert. Kodo's performance normally lasts for about one hour and forty minutes.

In Japanese the word "Kodo" conveys two meanings: "heartbeat" the primal source of all rhythm and, read in a different way, the word can mean "children of the drum," a reflection of Kodo's desire to play their drums simply, with the heart of a child.

Kodo strives to both preserve and re-interpret traditional Japanese performing arts. From worldwide tours and research trips, Kodo brings back to Sado world music and experiences which now exert a strong influence on the group's performances and compositions. They also collaborate with other artists and composers.

Since their debut at the Berlin Festival in 1981, Kodo have given over 3,100 performances on five continents, spending about a third of the year overseas, a third touring in Japan and a third resting and preparing new material on Sado Island.


Dónal Lunny (born 10 March 1947) is an Irish folk musician. Lunny has been at the forefront of the evolution of traditional Irish music for more than thirty-five years and has participated within the renaissance of traditional Irish music in that time period. He is the brother of musician and producer Manus Lunny.