This may look like a kids game, but apparently it is a tough game and even for us big kids 

New release: Rayman Forever
Finally, a new platformer on GOG.com! Or, to be more precise, one of the greatest titles the genre has ever seen!

Rayman is a 2D platformer game and the first title of a famous series that spawned sequels and spin-offs beyond count. The Forever edition, released by Ubisoft around 3 years after the original game, includes a bunch of goodies, most notably a level editor and Rayman By His Fans - 40 of the best staff-picked levels made with that very editor.
The game itself is a true platformer, with a strong emphasis on timing and reflex-based challenges, rather than combat. Its difficulty seems just right, in a way that makes you have to earn every level, but leaves you thoroughly satisfied afterwards.
Finally, Rayman still looks great, despite being over fifteen years old. This is mostly due to its amazing, fluid animations, but the game's high-color graphics and creative level design are sure to make an impression on you as well.
Overall, today's release is a pure, classic platformer that every gamer should at least try out.

What's cool about it:
A truly classic platformer that started the famous Rayman series!
Rayman was awarded both "Best Music in a CD-ROM Game" and "Best Animation" in Electronic Gaming Monthly's 1995 Video Game Awards
Colorful graphics, addictive gameplay and a memorable main character made this title one of best selling games of all time

Overview:
In Rayman’s world, nature and people live together in peace. One day, the evil Mr. Dark defeats Betilla, the Fairy, and steals the Great Protoon, the provider of harmony and balance. The Electoons who used to gravitate towards it lose their natural stability and scatter all over the world. Strange phenomena begin to occur: freaks and hostile characters appear, capturing every Electoon they can find! The disappearance of the Great Protoon also neutralized all of Betilla’s powers, and she needs time to regenerate before she can help in any way. They definitely need a hero to save them, and it looks like you’re it. It’s now up to Rayman and you to rescue the world.


Requirements: ESRB Rating: EVERYONE
Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.[/collapse]

Bonus content included for FREE with the game: manual,wallpaper,soundtrack,2 avatars

Please read: There appears to be (false) reports of trojans in some antivirus programs when installing. I have scanned it with kaspersky internet security and Webroot
and it came out safe.