      WinRAR is a powerful archive manager. It can backup your data and reduce the size of email attachments, decompress RAR, ZIP and other files downloaded from Internet and create new archives in RAR and ZIP file format.

WinRAR - What's new in the latest version


   Version 4.00

   1. RAR decompression speed is improved. Depending on data type,
      decompression can be up to 30% faster than in previous versions.

      Both the general RAR algorithm and most of special RAR multimedia
      methods benefit from this improvement. The only module of RAR
      algorithm, which is not affected, is "Text compression" method.
   
   2. Changes in ISO support:
   
      a) UDF support is upgraded to UDF 2.50 revision. It makes possible
         to unpack most of Blu-ray ISO files;

      b) when browsing UDF ISO file, UDF revision number is displayed
         after the "UDF" format name in WinRAR address bar
         and in archive information dialog;

      c) WinRAR sets the folder modification date when unpacking folders
         stored in UDF and ISO9660 files.
   
   3. Changes in password dialog:

      a) WinRAR uses the same format of password dialog both when archiving
         and extracting, so "Show password" option is available also
         when extracting;

      b) "Organize passwords..." button in password dialog provides
         access to password organizer interface, where you can specify
         your frequently used passwords. You will be able to access these
         saved passwords using the drop down list or autocomplete feature
         in password dialog.

         It is important to know that saved passwords are not encrypted
         and anybody having access to your computer can view them.
         Use "Organize passwords" feature only if your computer is
         protected from unauthorized access;

      c) "Use for all archives" option is available in password dialog
         when unpacking several archives at once. You can utilize it
         to apply an entered password to all archives.

         If you use this option with an empty password, WinRAR will skip
         all encrypted archives;

      d) Unlike previous versions, the password from default compression
         profile is not used for extraction.
         
         If you wish to use the same password for all extracting archives,
         press "Organize passwords..." button in the password dialog
         and define a new password entry, specifying "*" file mask 
         in "Select for archives" field.
   
   4. In Windows 7 WinRAR will display the total operation progress
      also on WinRAR icon on Windows taskbar. You can disable it using
      "Taskbar progress bar" option on "General" page of WinRAR settings.

   5. Numerous Unicode support improvements allow to process non-English
      file names more smoothly. These improvements include:

      a) better Unicode handling in WinRAR in "Rename", "Convert",
         "Find" and other commands, in folder tree panel, in password 
         request dialog and in many other parts of WinRAR interface;

      b) correctly displayed Unicode names in WinRAR items in Explorer
         context menus;

      c) Unicode support in .lng files, making WinRAR localization
         possible for Unicode only languages.
   
   6. Changes in -x switch syntax. Now you can specify a wildcard
      exclusion mask for folders. Such mask must have the trailing '\'
      character, like -x*tmp*\ or -x*\temp\

   7. New "Extract relative paths" option in "Advanced" part of extraction
      dialog. If you browse some archive subfolder in WinRAR shell
      and enable "Extract relative paths" option, the path part up to
      and including the current subfolder will be removed from extracted
      file paths.
      
      For example, if you are inside of "Backup\MyData" archive folder
      and extract "Images" folder, it will be extracted as "Images",
      not as "Backup\MyData\Images".

      This option is the new default extraction mode, but you can change
      the default back to WinRAR 3.x style. Just select "Extract full paths"
      and then press "Save settings" in "General" part of extraction dialog.
   
   8. Windows 98, Windows Me and Windows NT are not supported by WinRAR
      and WinRAR self-extracting modules anymore. Minimum Windows version
      required for WinRAR 4.0 is Windows 2000.
      
      If you need to run WinRAR on older Windows, you can download
      previous WinRAR versions from ftp://ftp.rarlab.com/rar

   9. If TAR, TAR.GZ or TAR.BZ2 archive contains symbolic or hard links
      and if destination file system is NTFS, WinRAR will create these
      links when unpacking such archive. WinRAR will create symbolic links
      as symbolic and hard links as hard in Windows Vista and newer
      and it will create all links as hard in older Windows.

      If destination file system is FAT32 or any other not supporting
      file links, WinRAR will skip links when unpacking TAR, TAR.GZ
      and TAR.BZ2 archives.
   
  10. Recovery volume processing involves less disk seek operations
      resulting in higher performance.

  11. You can select Windows 7 library in tree panel in extraction dialog
      and WinRAR will use its default save location as the destination path.

  12. "Report" command allows to select HTML, Unicode text and usual text
      as output format for report file. Unlike previous WinRAR versions,
      now WinRAR preservers Unicode characters in reports when using HTML
      or Unicode text format. So non-English characters in file names
      will be displayed properly in such reports.
   
  13. Message list in GUI SFX archives displays only operation status
      and error messages. It does not contain names of all extracted files
      anymore. This change improves the speed and reduces memory requirements
      for SFX archives containing a large number of files. Also it makes
      easier to locate error messages, because they are not hidden among
      extracted file names.

  14. GUI SFX archives display "Extract" button instead of "Install"
      if no "Setup" or "Presetup" commands are present in the archive
      comment. If you prefer "Install" button, but do not need to
      execute any setup programs, you can add "Setup=<>" command.
  
  15. WinRAR displays the current percent above the operation progress bar
      when repairing an archive containing the recovery record
      and when processing recovery volumes.

  16. WinRAR limits the maximum possible volume size to 4 GB minus 1 byte
      when creating RAR volumes on a disk with FAT or FAT32 file system
      in volume size autodetecting mode. These file systems do not support
      4 GB and larger files.

  17. If "Wait if other WinRAR copies are active" option is enabled
      and WinRAR waits for another copy, you can press "Continue" button
      in command progress window to force WinRAR to stop waiting.
      So now "Continue" button allows to override the state of
      "Wait if other WinRAR copies are active" option for current operation.

  18. WinRAR displays one password request instead of two, when saving
      an encrypted file back to RAR or ZIP archive after modifying it
      in some external editor. Previous WinRAR versions usually requested
      the password twice, both when extracting the original file
      and archiving its modified copy. Only RAR archives with encrypted
      file names were processed with the single password prompt.

  19. New error code 10 ("no files") is added to list of error codes
      returned in command line mode by RAR and WinRAR. This new code
      can be returned by archive, extract, delete and repair commands.
      It means that RAR did not find any files matched the specified
      file or archive mask.
  
  20. File name area in file overwrite dialog occupies several lines now.
      It makes possible to display much longer names.
  
  21. Now switch -ep3 converts not only disk letters, but also UNC paths.
      So \\server\share will be converted to __server\share when archiving
      and restored to the original \\server\share when extracting with -ep3.

  22. New "Background extraction" option in "Advanced" part of extraction
      dialog places WinRAR into background, when extracting files.
      You can save its default state with "Save settings" button in "General"
      part of extraction dialog, just like for other extraction options.

      "Background archiving" option from the default compression profile
      does not affect the extraction behavior anymore.

  23. "Mode..." button in operation progress window is enabled also
      when extracting or testing archives. It provides access to 
      "Command parameters" dialog, where you can set "Turn PC off when done"
      option for extraction and test operations.

      Previously this dialog was accessible only when archiving.

  24. Bugs fixed:

      a) renaming a file in archive could also rename all other files
         with the same name in other folders of the same archive;

      b) previous versions displayed the wrong total packed size
         in "Info" command for multivolume CAB archives;

      c) in ZIP archives 'U' (update) and 'F' (fresh) commands could
         erroneously update even files not specified in the command line.
         It happened only for files in current folder which names matched
         files in ZIP archive. This bug was not present in usual 'A' (add)
         archiving mode.


All my uploads are for those people who cannot afford to buy them,who don't have credit cards and the product is not available in the market.


All my uploads at... http://thepiratebay.org/user/Kkeibul


                          Brought to you by Kkeibul
                        Always simple and Virus free
