                          GAME ......... Dragonester v1.1
                          LANGUAGE ..... 
                          DEVELOPER .... TRiTiUM
                          DISKS ........ 14
                          DATE ......... 26/12/2010
                          GENRE ........ GAME
                          PROTECTION ... CA$H M0NEY RUL3Zz
                          RiPPED ....... NOthing!




           A long time ago, when dragons and humans live together       
          The fire dragon’s country in the high mountain, the ice       
          dragon’s country in the sea, and the forest dragon’s          
          country in the forest have a strong military force based on   
          dragon knights who could tame the dragons.                    
                                                                        
          The Fire Dragon was the most vicious of all dragons for he    
          had hoards of crazed chinese opium smokers to do his evil     
          bidding, he operated several whorehouses and notorious        
          opium dens in hong kong.                                      
                                                                        
          The Ice Dragon was almost as evil as the fire dragon, he      
          had a long and storied past. He was worshiped by the great    
          sorcerer Lo Pan, Lo Pan almost achieved immortality by        
          sacrificing a virgin in honor of the Ice Dragon, but a        
          badass guy by the name of Jack Burton had other plans, Jack   
          and some chinese sidekick dealt some serious ass kicking to   
          Lo Pan and the Ice Dragon was sentenced the 1000 years of     
          reruns of Gilliagans Island while listentened to Bjork on     
          repeat. But now the Ice Dragon is released and ready fuck     
          shit up!                                                      
                                                                        
          The Forest Dragon is really just the punk ass bitch of the    
          Dragon Clan. When he was in Dragon Prison he was what you     
          would call a punkdragon, always sucking off the Mountain      
          Dragon of the Burrito Dragon for a little cigarette and       
          cocaine money, oh yeah thats right the Forest Dragon loved    
          the rock, but thats a whole other story.                      
          
         

          


          If you like the game, support the developers and buy it!





          just install and play
                                                           
 
 
          We currently have a position open for: CLOSED (We will find you)

          greetz: ViTALiTY / HTG / VACE / ROGUE / REUNION / CRD / DVT / BrEWeRS


Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hacbbaada.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hacbcaada.jpg