,
Brought to you by  http://www.scenetime.com/signup.php
 
 Hottest scene tracker on the net !!!   
 
No fake torrents from scenebalance 
shame on those who comment fake before downloading my torrents

    seed back for speed


 



...................................NFO:................................................. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                     Oxford.Blues.1984.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Oxford Blues                                     
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-05-30       Source [ Retail DVDR       
        Retail [ 2009-03-23       iMDB [ 4.9/10 (1262)     
        Runtime [ 97 mins          Size [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy/Drama                                     
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087866/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 147kb/s VBR Joint Stereo -V4                   
          Video [ 624 x 336 @ 850kb/s 23.976fps                  
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           With a bribe to a computer hacker to juggle the            
         admissions list and a lucky night in Las Vegas to            
         bankroll his tuition, brash American Nick De Angelo          
         is off to England's prestigious Oxford University.           
         He's not going for an education. He's going for              
         romance. He'll get both in ways he doesn't expect.           
         Oxford Blues, as reviewers note, updates the                 
         classic era's A Yank at Oxford. Rob Lowe plays Nick,         
         whose cockiness clashes with upper-crust tradition           
         while he pursues co-ed Lady Victoria (Amanda Pays),          
         a woman he knows only from her press clippings.              
         But there's another pursuit driving Nick. He's a             
         talented crew oarsman - a skill that may allow               
         Oxford's elite to see that there's real fire behind          
         Nick's flash.                                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           This is Rob Lowe just after his success as Sodapop         
         in the star-studded Coppola flick The Outsiders and          
         just before his Razzie Award nomination for Worst            
         Supporting Actor in St. Elmo's Fire. Oxford Blues            
         is a remake of the 1938 classic A Yank in Oxford             
         and the source here is a nice wide screen retail             
         DVDR produced by Warner Archives as opposed to the           
         full screen PAL DVD from 2007.                               
                                          Enjoy!                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx