 http://bayimg.com/dAELIAaDd

The Trap (2007) 

Klopka (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0478813/

Klopka (English: The Trap, Serbian: Klopka) is a 2007 film directed by Srdan Golubovic, based on the novel of the same name, written by Nenad Teofilovic.

  Nebojsa Glogovac  ...  Mladen  
  Natasa Ninkovic  ...  Marija  
  Anica Dobra  ...  Jelena  
  Miki Manojlovic  ...  Kosta Antic  
  Marko Djurovic  ...  Nemanja  
  Dejan Cukic  ...  Ivkovic  
  Bogdan Diklic  ...  Doktor Lukic  
  Mladen Nelevic  ...  Marko  
  Boris Isakovic  ...  Moma  
  Vuk Kostic  ...  Ivkovicev brat  
  Milorad Mandic  ...  Stariji inspektor  

The film is a neo-noir exploring the age old question of how far is a parent willing to go to help the ailing child. Simultaneously, it also deals with the issues and challenges faced by the people living in post-Miloševic Serbian society.

Underneath its simple noir narrative, some of the movie's key points lay in spotlighting what the author sees to be the staples of post-Miloševic Serbian society such as the huge gap between the rich and the poor, an entire nouveau riche class that managed to gain enormous wealth through shady means in the years since the collapse of communism, middle class that's teetering on the edge of poverty, patriotism being used to cover up criminal activities, workers and clerks at the mercy of ruthless foreign-based businesses that negotiated their entry into the shattered Serbian economy from an overwhelming position of strength, etc.

When Mladen applies for a loan at a foreign-owned bank, he is flatly rejected and the news is broken to him by a smiling bank employee. When asked by angry Mladen why is he so cheerful, the clerk suddenly turns embrassed and informs him somewhat dejectedly that they get penalised by the bank if they're not smiling while providing financial services. 

The mysterious man who offers the money for Nemanja's surgery on condition that Mladen kill Petar Ivkovic introduces himself as representing "those of us who love this country, who build and create" - a clear dig by the filmmakers at the usage of patriotism in Serbia in order to initiate and carry out criminal endeavours through state security echelons, shady businessmen, and common criminals. 

In search of the money required for son's surgery, Mladen looks up an old colleague from university days who is now doing well financially. Before rejecting Mladen, the friend sings praises of the business he's currently invovlved with - designing kitschy suburban palaces for the nouveau riche despite not even being an architect. 

After she puts an ad in the paper asking for donations towards Nemanja's surgery, Marija is faced with the petulant female student who after not heeding the teacher's request to put away her handheld during class, flippantly asks Marija in front of everybody to give her private English lessons. The young student's reasoning is that "Marija could use the money considering her home situation". Deeply shaken Marija throws the student out of the class, but eventually swallows her pride and after Nemanja's third inflammation goes to the student's lavish home in order to give her private lessons in search of supplemental income or even hoping to get a loan from her rich parents, only to be shocked and sickened by the fact that the student's father owns a picture frame that costs €30,000. All of this leads to a long tirade when she comes home that "her son's life is worth less than those people's picture frame". 
