Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Twelve Days of Christmas" is an English Christmas carol that enumerates a series of increasingly grand gifts given on each of the twelve days of Christmas. Although first published in England in 1780, textual evidence may indicate the song is French in origin. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 68.

Taking Back Sunday is an American rock band from Amityville, Long Island, New York, formed in 1999 by Eddie Reyes. The current members are lead vocalist Adam Lazzara, guitarist Eddie Reyes, guitarist/vocalist John Nolan, bassist Shaun Cooper, and drummer Mark O'Connell.

The band has released four studio albums, with their most successful being Louder Now (2006) which has sold over 900,000 copies and peaked at #2 on the United States' Billboard 200, closely followed by Where You Want to Be which peaked at #3 in 2004. They have also had twelve singles, one extended play, two live albums and a compilation album. "MakeDamnSure" is their highest charting single to date, peaking at #8 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in 2006 and #48 on the Billboard Hot 100.

The band released their latest album, New Again, on June 2, 2009.

Taking Back Sunday was founded in 1999 by Eddie Reyes. Reyes was already a veteran of the music scene on Long Island, and took part in numerous seminal projects. Mind Over Matter, a hardcore outfit, influenced Screamo and Post Hardcore bands like Thursday and Glassjaw; bands that would shape the face of Post Hardcore music for years to come. Inside, another band that Reyes was a part of was one of the most influential indie emo bands on Long Island. Their sound was similar to that of Mineral and Sunny Day Real Estate. Reyes also founded The Movielife, a Melodic Hardcore band that gained much fame in the underground and eventual mainstream music scenes.

When choosing members for the band, Reyes approached Jesse Lacey, whose band The Rookie Lot had just broken up to play guitar and sing. Jesse brought in John Nolan on guitar and vocals, and Jesse switched to bass. Antonio Longo, who had been in the band One True Thing was recruited to sing. The band played a few local venues while going through different band names, before settling on "Taking Back Sunday", a name of a song from the bands' friends, The Waiting Process. Derrick Sherman from The Reunion Show was in the band. In interviews, while the band was first getting recognition for their material, they frequently told interviewers that the name of the band was a reference to a Smith's single that was a b-side to "How Soon is Now?".

While recording their first six track EP, Jesse Lacey left the band to form Brand New with Brian Lane, the drummer of The Rookie Lot. Then, John Nolan half jokingly asked his friend, Adam Lazzara from North Carolina if he would move to Long Island and play bass for the band. Within the next week, Adam had moved to Bellmore, with Jon and was the full time bassist. Adam worked at Eddie Reyes' father's deli for pay.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/