Official Web Site:  http://macpaw.com/cleanmymac

CleanMyMac represents sophisticated all-in-one-suite utility that helps keep your Mac clean and healthy. With just two simple clicks you can delete useless files that basically pile up and waste your valuable disk space. CleanMyMac allows enjoying smooth system performance combining such vital features as Slim Universal Binaries, Clean Unneeded Languages, Logs Rotation, Clean Caches, Quick and Secure Erase, Application Uninstallation, and Killing Trash Left From Buried Applications. 

CleanMyMac can save gigabytes of disk space and enhance your computer speed. Go ahead and give it a shot! Your Mac will definitely be grateful! Any application running on your Mac leaves numerous support files, which won't just get to Trash once you remove the app. CleanMyMac will locate and erase all “leftovers” from your system files to enable you to easily install and uninstall new programs whenever you need. The more junk files are stored on your Mac the slower it will work. Processes of saving and storing unnecessary files take your priceless time. Using CleanMyMac will professionally help your Mac reduce the amount of operations required for your online and offline activities.

Cache cleaner

Reset outdated cache files to zero and give your apps some relief. Cache files were originally intended to help content load faster. However, when cache files accumulate, they slow the browsing experience and waste disk space. CleanMyMac cleans your Photo Cache, User Cache and System Cache and speeds your browsing considerably.

Logs cleaner

Running out of free space on your Mac? Remove useless logs with a few easy clicks. Log files capture the activity of different applications and system services. These files clutter hard drives and use up valuable disk space. CleanMyMac finds and removes those log files that are no longer useful to the functionality of your applications.

Universal binaries

Let CleanMyMac remove the burden of unused binary code. The Universal Binary symbol on Mac applications means the application can run on both PowerPC and Intel-based Macs. Many of these "fat binaries" will never be executed on your machine. CleanMyMac lets you delete these binaries.

System junk

Your apps and the Mac OS create tons of 'disposable' files. Remove them in the blink of an eye. All types of software leave files that are useless for the functionality of the application, i.e. 'development junk'. CleanMyMac instantly identifies these files and gives you the option of removing them from your system to help your computer run faster.

Language cleaner

Why keep localized software in languages you can't even speak? Exclude those with ease. Most applications install every localized version of the application. CleanMyMac can free up to 70% of the size of an application just by removing the localizations you do not need.

Trash and leftovers

Your Mac has more trash on it than you realize. Find it all and toss it. Some applications have their own trash folders that are hidden from view. CleanMyMac combines all your trash files in one place, making it easier to find and manage. What's more, CleanMyMac will even sniff out junk that has accumulated on your Mac's hard drive from previously deleted applications.

Application uninstaller

It has never been easier, safer or more convenient to completely remove applications! Normally, when you remove an application from your Mac, many of the related files and preference files remain on your system. Those files can occupy a lot of disk space. That's where CleanMyMac's intelligent Application Uninstaller can help. Just drag the app you no longer need into CleanMyMac or System Trash and CleanMyMac will locate and delete all of the related files and preferences.

Quick erase

Delete files and leave no trace. Do you need a file shredder to quickly remove private files and leave no trace of their existence? You can do that securely with CleanMyMac's Quick Erase feature. Want to make them impossible to recover? Just enable the additional 'secure erase' feature.

Trash status monitor

Give yourself one less task. Automate the process of emptying your trash. If you forget to empty your trash, it can accumulate quickly and chew up a huge amount of disk space. CleanMyMac lets you set a size limit for your Trash and notifies you when it is time to empty it. What could be easier?

Device cleanup

Keep your removable devices clean from those annoying service files. Isn't it annoying when you share your flash drive with your friends and they find dozen of service files created by your Mac or a PC, such as .DS_Store files, thumbs.db files, etc? We can fix that! With the Device Cleanup feature, CleanMyMac will automatically clean volumes on every mounted or unmounted device.

Extensions manager

Manage all your widgets, plug-ins and preference panes from one single app. With CleanMyMac you can easily manage all of your system extensions, such as plug-ins, widgets, preference panes, screen savers, input managers, QuickTime, services, startup items, Quick Look, Spotlight, dictionaries, scripting additions, iTunes, Finder plug-ins, Growl, Safari extensions and much, much more. As with applications, just removing them is not enough. CleanMyMac's intelligent removal algorithm finds all associated files and deletes them too.

Customizable appearance

If you're going to clean, you may as well look good doing it. A combination of quality and functionality is really cool, but a Mac application has to have great looks as well. Whether you prefer brighter interfaces or darker color schemes, CleanMyMac can be skinned to match your tastes.

System requirements:

Intel and PPC Mac, OS X.4 or better (Lion Compatible)

--- PLEASE SEED ---