uTorrent 3.0 Build 25422 + Language Pack

[img]http://ewandoo.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/uTorrent.jpg[/img]

µTorrent is a small and incredibly popular BitTorrent client. 

Micro-Sized Yet Feature Filled:

 Most of the features present in other BitTorrent clients are present in µTorrent, including bandwidth prioritization, scheduling, RSS auto-downloading and Mainline DHT (compatible with BitComet). Additionally, µTorrent supports the Protocol Encryption joint specification (compatible with Azureus 2.4.0.0 and above, BitComet 0.63 and above) and peer exchange.

Resource-Friendly:

 µTorrent was written with efficiency in mind. Unlike many torrent clients, it does not hog valuable system resources - typically using less than 6MB of memory, allowing you to use the computer as if it weren\'t there at all. Additionally, the program itself is contained within a single executable less than 220 KB in size.

Skinnable and Localized:

 Various icon, toolbar graphic and status icon replacements are available, and creating your own is very simple. µTorrent also has support for localization, and with a language file present, will automatically switch to your system language. If your language isn\'t available, you can easily add your own, or edit other existing translations to improve them!

Actively Developed and Improved:

 The developer puts in a lot of time working on features and making things more user-friendly. Releases only come out when they\'re ready, with no schedule pressures, so the few bugs that appear are quickly addressed and fixed.

Technical:-

Title:uTorrent 3.0 Build 25422
 Filename:utorrent-3.0-latest.exe
 File size:624KB (639,352 bytes)
 Requirements:Windows (All Versions)
 Languages:en-US
 License: Freeware
 Date added:July 9, 2011

Release Highlights:-

µTorrent Web for zero-conf, secure remote access

 Torrent Ratings

 Drop files to send

 Streaming

 Webseeding fixes

 Portable mode (when run in standalone mode off a removable drive)

 Simplified view

Changelog:-

- 2011-07-08: Version 3.0 Stable (build 25440)
 - Fix: fix erroneous error messages about saving resume.dat
 - Fix: fix possible crash on auto-updates
 - Fix: fixed race condition when cancelling a btapp download
 - Fix: fixed possible crash when uninstalling apps
 - Fix: Multitorrent bundling now works. Fixes crash.
 - Fix: Search Bar - \"Manage Search Provides\" now links to \"Preferences > Advanced > Ui Extras\"
 - Change: Seeding tasks now show ETA of infinity