Junior Wells' Chicago Blues Band - Hoodoo Man Blues [Expanded & Reissued] 
Original Released:1965
Expanded Reissue: 8 August 2011
Label:  Delmark
Format: Flac


The '60s were a very productive time for Junior Wells, but if any Wells album deserves to be exalted as his most triumphant recording of the '60s, it is Hoodoo Man Blues. This superb 1965 session is not only widely regarded as one of Wells' finest achievements. It isn't hard to see why Hoodoo Man Blues is held in such high regard; joined by Buddy Guy on guitar, Jack Myers on bass, and Billy Warren on drums, Wells soars as both a singer and a harmonica player. This is the same working group that Wells had been leading at Theresa's on Chicago's West Side, and Koester (who produced the album) vividly captures the type of grit that Wells brought to the stage. This is a studio recording, but when Wells and his colleagues dig into "Good Morning, Schoolgirl," "Yonder Wall," or "We're Ready," they sound as raw, gutsy, and uninhibited as one would expect them to sound in a club setting. And while Guy leaves the singing to Wells, he really shines on guitar. Guy, it should be noted, was listed as "Friendly Chap" on Delmark's original LP version of Hoodoo Man Blues; Delmark thought Guy was under contract to Chess, and so, they gave him a pseudonym. But by the early '70s, Guy's real name was being listed on pressings of this classic album. And make no mistake: Hoodoo Man Blues is a classic. This is essential listening for lovers of electric Chicago blues.



TrackList:
1. Snatch It Back And Hold It
2. Ships On The Ocean
3. Good Morning Schoolgirl
4. Hound Dog
5. In The Wee Wee Hours
6. Hey Lawdy Mama
7. Hoodoo Man Blues
8. Early In The Morning
9. We're Ready
10. You Don't Love Me, Baby
11. Chittlins Con Carne
12. Yonder Wall
13. Studio Chatter
14. I Ain't Stranded
15. Studio Chatter 2
16. In The Wee Wee Hours (Alternate Take)
17. Studio Chatter 3
18. Hoodoo Man Blues (Alternate Take)
19. Studio Chatter 4
20. Chitlin Con Carne (Alternate Take)
21. Studio Chatter 5
22. Yonder Wall (Alternate Take 7)
23. Studio Chatter 6
24. Yonder Wall (Alternate Take 11)
25. Studio Chatter 7
26. Yonder Wall (Alternate Take 13)

Personnel: Junior Wells (vocals, harmonica); Buddy Guy (guitar); Jack Myers (bass); Billy Warren (drums).

