    The forceful DIABLO BLVD formed in the dawn of 2005, with all members, past, present and future hailing from the city of Antwerp, Belgium. This band, DIABLO BLVD, named after a Corrosion Of Conformity song, lead by notorious stand-up comedian and above all music devotee Alex Agnew, quickly started to turn heads. With current and ex-members of bands like A Brand, Born From Pain and Meuris, this eclectic five-piece started playing shows to appreciative crowds all over Belgium and the Netherlands.

    From the first note of their demo, a fresh take on heavy music was being developed, and the fans latched on in record time. Building on their groovy riffs, catchy choruses and a charismatic stage presence, DIABLO BLVD offers what made their heroes great and then some. With influences that pull from a wide range of staples in the heavy genre - from Danzig to The Cult, Guns ‘N Roses to Black Label Society – and songwriting with classic rock’n roll and old blues only one step away, DIABLO BLVD’s ability to absorb their musical surroundings and spit out something all their own is most impressive.

    After a sold-out demo, Scarred and undefeated (DBA , 2006), the band worked more than 2 years on their upcoming debut-album called The Greater God (Pias 2009).
    This album features even better song writing, catchier moments, a more distinct-sounding and above all Alex Agnew who’s unafraid to sing and scream if called for, reminiscing of Glenn Danzig’s and Ian Astbury’s vocal style while making it totally his own. Produced by one of Belgium’s most promising producers Ace Zec and mixed by Dutch veteran Oscar Holleman, this record was one of the most powerful rock albums of 2009. 

    DIABLO BLDV broke new ground within the Belgian music scene while nipping at the heels of even the most evolved independent bands out there today.

    The new album, entitled 'Builders of Empires' (release april 2011), has also been contracted by PIAS and will be produced once again by Ace Zec (Customs, The Setup), with Jens Bogren doing the mixing (Opeth, Amon Amarth, Grand Magus).

    Builders of Empires will contain 10 tracks and promises to sound harder, more dynamic and more epic than any of DIABLO BLVD’s work so far.
