We all have a bit of poet in use I think - this can help!  It's a bit confusing to start with, but the user guide WILL help - oh and you need BBEedit for this one.

Official Web Site:  http://www.marinersoftware.com/products/desktoppoet/

Desktop Poet is the ONLY magnetic poetry software on the  market. Desktop Poet increases the available vocabulary and  decreases the number of tiles by allowing a single tile to have multiple word forms. Desktop Poet excels in visually helping  the brainstormer or novelist with clearer thinking,  more imaginative projects, and better organized writing.  Break through writers’ block by easily expanding on your free flowing thought process. Move around words and pictures to  "see" what you are thinking. Desktop Poet helps younger kids grasp simple sentence structure and grammar while older  kids can showcase their poetic genius.

Features:

Yeah, now that doesn’t make any sense – but that’s why Desktop Poet is so much fun! Just like those little magnetic tiles for the front of your ‘fridge that have been around since the 90′s, Desktop Poet turns your desktop into a “virtual fridge” area so that you can be as creative – and silly – as you want!
 
* Let your mind and imagination run wild!

Whether, poet, novelist, playwright, educator, student or a person with a little time on your hands, Desktop Poet puts hundreds of words right at your fingertips. Move them around to create your poems, prose or to brainstorm. The tiles become a visual embodiment of the English language, freeing you to let your mind travel through uncharted territory.

* Finally, a great fun product for your kids.

This is no “shoot-em up” game. Desktop Poet assists younger kids grasp simple word structure in a fun way. Other kids can showcase their creative flair. Whether in the classroom or at home, kids can play with words and in the process – learn.

* But, seriously…

You can increase the available vocabulary and decrease the number of tiles. A single tile can have multiple word variations. Highlight the word, click escape and, for example, picture becomes: pictures, picturing, pictured. Need more? Create your own word tile. Set backgrounds, colors and more, making Desktop Poet a creative wonderworld.
 
* Share your creations'

Take your word tiles and export them as JPG, TIFF or HTML images and send them to your friends, family and colleagues.

Again Thanks to REAGAN of Demonoid

System requirements;

Mac OS 10.4 and above

-- PLEASE SEED --