 http://www.hotimg.com/direct/c4nDfnD.jpg

Screens:
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/DytfzQh.jpg
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/vC3qCxw.jpg
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/Pa9Pd7b.jpg

Alternative:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/47000/photo-46981.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/47000/photo-46982.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/47000/photo-46983.jpg

Red Orchestra 2 Heroes of Stalingrad-SKIDROW
Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad (c) Tripwire Interactive


 14-09-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...............Steam
 FPS..................Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD


 RELEASE NOTES


Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad, the leading tactical multiplayer
WWII shooter on the PC, will take the award winning Red Orchestra
franchise into the next generation of gaming. Cutting edge graphics and
audio built using the Unreal Engine 3, inventive features and
streamlined realism will deliver an unrivalled tactical shooter
experience.

Heroes of Stalingrad will focus on the Battle of Stalingrad and the
surrounding operations, both German and Russian, from July 1942 to
February 1943. The game allows the player to experience one of the most
brutal battles in all of human history. Delivering unrivalled accuracy
and attention to detail, along with gritty, vicious combat in
multiplayer and single-player modes the game will feature everything
from quick, brutal firefights to more intricate and challenging
tactical modes.

Features:

Red Orchestra multiplayer taken to new heights: The brutal, gritty Red
Orchestra gameplay has been enhanced, expanded and made more
accessible. Gameplay modes as instantly recognizable as Firefight
(Tripwire's take on Team Death Match), single-life gaming redefined in
Countdown mode - and the Territory mode already beloved by the hundreds
of thousands of Red Orchestra players worldwide.

Stalingrad Campaign: Before heading online hone your skills in one of
two campaigns that recreate the battle for Stalingrad from both the
German and Russian sides. Featuring open non-linear environments and
unscripted gameplay players make their own path through the
battlefield.

Heroes: Achieve the ultimate goal and become a Hero online. Players
with hero status inspire troops around them and cause fear in their
enemies. Heroes have access to the best and rarest weapons and will
stand out visually from the rest of the soldiers.

First person cover system: Experience the ultimate firefights that a
cover system allows, from the immersion of a first person view. Peek or
blind fire over and around cover and more.

Unique Focus  the Battle of Stalingrad in depth: takes the familiar
WWII genre into a unique direction. Far removed from the well-trodden
Normandy setting, gameplay is based on fresh scenarios and actions the
player has never experienced before. Follow the German army as they
assault the city of Stalingrad, to the banks of the Volga. Follow the
Soviet army as it holds the city against all the odds then destroys the
Axis forces.

WWII weaponry redefined: true to life ballistics, bullet penetration,
breathing, adjustable sights, free aim, weapon bracing, photo-real
graphics and more, create WWII weaponry that has no equal.

Immersive First Person Tank Warfare: experience what it was like to
fight inside one of these metal beasts in WWII with the most immersive
first person tank warfare ever created. Fully modeled 3d interiors, a
full AI crew, and advanced armor and damage systems create a unique
tanking experience.

Morale: Experience what it is like to be a soldier in one of the
bloodiest conflicts in history and the importance of a soldier's state
of mind and how it can turn the tide of battle. Suppress your enemies
and gain the advantage in combat!

Persistent Stats Tracking and Player Progression: Persistence
constantly gives the gamer something to strive for and keeps them
playing. Grow in rank, earn achievements, improve your abilities, and
become a Hero!

Enhanced Unreal  Engine  3: Built on an enhanced version of Unreal
Engine 3 the game features cutting edge visuals and features.


 INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Note:If you have something to offer as early releases,seedboxes,links,accounts,etc
please contact us on piratepedia[@]msn/gmail.com or our website torentz 3xforum ro
Seed Stats: 20-400 GiB at aprox 10 MiB/sec/20 slots per torrent

Red Orchestra 2 Heroes of Stalingrad-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
Search here for any future updates/working status/etc http://orlydb.com/s/games
or any other quality PreDatabase, Scene Release & Dupecheck sites.
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use Nod32