Debian 6.03 Full Installation DVD - DISC ONE (Release October 8th, 2011)
This disk contains all the files necessary to install a standard Debian system.
Bootable ISO disc - burn with PowerISO or any other DVD burning software.



FILES IN THIS RELEASE:
* ISO: debian-6.0.3-i386-DVD-1.iso
* Artwork: debiandisc.jpg
* Read Me: readme.txt

FILE INFORMATION:
* Format: ISO Disc Image
* Size: 4.32 GB (4,644,864,000 bytes)
* Source: http://www.debian.org
* Release Date: October 8th, 2011

SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS:  
     To ensure disc integrity, burn at the lowest possible burn rate.  I have found that burning the disc above 4x speed results in less than optimal disc quality.  Please rate and comment!


How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent) - Thanks extremezone!

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio.

PLEASE RATE AND COMMENT!  THANK YOU - Team Kardinal

WHAT is Debian?

The Debian Project is an association of individuals who have made common cause to create a free operating system. This operating system that we have created is called Debian GNU/Linux, or simply Debian for short.

An operating system is the set of basic programs and utilities that make your computer run. At the core of an operating system is the kernel. The kernel is the most fundamental program on the computer and does all the basic housekeeping and lets you start other programs.

Debian systems currently use the Linux kernel. Linux is a piece of software started by Linus Torvalds and supported by thousands of programmers worldwide.

However, work is in progress to provide Debian for other kernels, primarily for the Hurd. The Hurd is a collection of servers that run on top of a microkernel (such as Mach) to implement different features. The Hurd is free software produced by the GNU project.

A large part of the basic tools that fill out the operating system come from the GNU project; hence the names: GNU/Linux and GNU/Hurd. These tools are also free.

Of course, the thing that people want is application software: programs to help them get what they want to do done, from editing documents to running a business to playing games to writing more software. Debian comes with over 29000 packages (precompiled software that is bundled up in a nice format for easy installation on your machine) — all of it free.

It\\\\\\\'s a bit like a tower. At the base is the kernel. On top of that are all the basic tools. Next is all the software that you run on the computer. At the top of the tower is Debian — carefully organizing and fitting everything so it all works together. 