Extreme G-3 Racing for the Ps2                                   Rel. 08/22/2001


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang:          English
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        Futuristic Racing
Conversion:    CD to DVD
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed With 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.
      


Includes FMCB and an Emulator if you need it.


Game Description:

Extreme G3 takes players on a gravity-defying race upon massive tracks that range from beneath earth’s surface up into the boundaries of space. After climbing onto one of 12 supercharged and fully armed bikes and engaging the protective shield, players are ready to begin the ultimate in racing challenge.


Features:

* A playable racing field of up to 12 bikes. 

* Feel the force of racing speeds up and above the speed of sound. 

* Twisting tracks that lead you on an adrenaline fuelled frenzy through futuristic 
  cities and into the gut-wrenching heights of the upper stratosphere. 

* An array of futuristic-themed weapons enabling the player to debilitate the 
  competition.

* Turbo boosts taking the bikes to extreme speeds and gravity defying environments.

* A detailed bike animation system providing complete feedback relating to the
  bike's handling, showing air-brakes, flaps, weapons, and thrusters.

* A landscape animation system bringing the worlds to life.

* Intense special effects exploiting the powerful hardware of the PS2.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter.


Burn at 4x or 8x speed.


Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working. 


If using DVD+R booktype it to DVD-ROM if your ps2 doesn't play DVD+R's.



Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!			