
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - \"Conspiracy Facts\" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS 4 - Survival Series - Part 30 - In Pro Per - Squaring Off with a Judge in The US Court System




                      (director) :director:           Don\'t be like 89% of Americans that think EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE ALRIGHT

 (director) :director:   Plant a Garden and Store some food and You won\'t get caught     Diving for a meal in a Rumpster!!!


POtHS 4 - Survival Series - Part 30 - In Pro Per - Squaring Off with a Judge in The US Court System



POtHS Comments on This one: Best Advice I can give you is don\'t be there, Stay out of Lucifer\'s Court unless you are forced there. Nobody wins in Court except the Lawyers, Judges and their minions.

Discription

In Pro Per  adj. short for \"propria persona,\" which is Latin for \"for oneself,\" usually applied to a person who represents himself/herself in a lawsuit rather than have an attorney. (See: in pro per, in propria persona, propria persona)


We often hear the claim that our nation is a democracy. That wasn\'t the vision of the founders. They saw democracy as another form of tyranny. If we\'ve become a democracy, I guarantee you that the founders would be deeply disappointed by our betrayal of their vision. The founders intended, and laid out the ground rules, for our nation to be a republic. The word \"democracy\" appears nowhere in the Declaration of Independence or the Constitution -- two most fundamental documents of our nation.

Instead of a democracy, the Constitution\'s Article IV, Section 4, guarantees \"to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government.\" Moreover, let\'s ask ourselves: Does our pledge of allegiance to the flag say to \"the democracy for which it stands,\" or does it say to \"the republic for which it stands\"? Or do we sing \"The Battle Hymn of the Democracy\" or \"The Battle Hymn of the Republic\"? So what\'s the difference between republican and democratic forms of government? John Adams captured the essence of the difference when he said, \"You have rights antecedent to all earthly governments; rights that cannot be repealed or restrained by human laws; rights derived from the Great Legislator of the Universe.\" Nothing in our Constitution suggests that government is a grantor of rights. Instead, government is a protector of rights. In recognition that it\'s Congress that poses the greatest threat to our liberties, the framers used negative phrases against Congress throughout the Constitution such as: shall not abridge, infringe, deny, disparage, and shall not be violated, nor be denied. In a republican form of government, there is rule of law. All citizens, including government officials, are accountable to the same laws. Government power is limited and decentralized through a system of checks and balances. Government intervenes in civil society to protect its citizens against force and fraud but does not intervene in the cases of peaceable, voluntary exchange.

Contrast the framers\' vision of a republic with that of a democracy. In a democracy, the majority rules either directly or through its elected representatives. As in a monarchy, the law is whatever the government determines it to be. Laws do not represent reason.They represent power. The restraint is upon the individual instead of government. Unlike that envisioned under a republican form of government, rights are seen as privileges and permissions that are granted by government and can be rescinded by government. How about a few quotations demonstrating the disdain our founders held for democracy?

James Madison, Federalist Paper No. 10: In a pure democracy, \"there is nothing to check the inducement to sacrifice the weaker party or the obnoxious individual.\" At the 1787 Constitutional Convention, Edmund Randolph said, \" ... that in tracing these evils to their origin every man had found it in the turbulence and follies of democracy.\" John Adams said,\"Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There was never a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.\" Chief Justice John Marshall observed, \"Between a balanced republic and a democracy, the difference is like that between order and chaos.\"

In a word or two, the founders knew that a democracy would lead to the same kind of tyranny the colonies suffered under King George III. The framers gave us a Constitution that is replete with undemocratic mechanisms. One that has come in for recent criticism and calls for its elimination is the Electoral College. In their wisdom, the framers gave us the Electoral College so that in presidential elections large, heavily populated states couldn\'t democratically run roughshod over small, sparsely populated states. Here\'s my question: Do Americans share the republican values laid out by our founders, and is it simply a matter of our being unschooled about the differences between a republic and a democracy? Or is it a matter of preference and we now want the kind of tyranny feared by the founders where Congress can do anything it can muster a majority vote to do? I fear it\'s the latter.

Read more: Are we a republic or a democracy?  In this Survival Series - Fight the Sytem Legally, you will learn more about the current government articles of law, incorporation and system of governence.  Likewise, you will learn how to fight the system and win with examples in Mortgage, credit, or any debts, traffic tickets, judgements, bonds, foreclosure, and etc.

For instance, how familiar are you with Admiralty law?  Are you aware that the United States is Incorporated and functions as a company with shareholders?  Are you aware to make the courts for you and not against you, you need to realize that there are two main laws in use, one of Equity and the other criminal.  You may think you know the difference, but 99% of us do not.  In order not to jepordize your case and turn it into a losing criminal battle, you must become familiar with the Equity law of governance and how to refrain from crossing the line into that of common or admiralty law.  Download this torrent to learn your valuable rights and how to properly defend yourself against the system.  Recommended for all, especially as we seem to lose more and more rights in the corporate system of governance.
WWF (NOT WORLD WRESTLING FEDERATION) are the Most important things you need to SURVIVE. These are my Big Three. WARMTH or escape from the Weather, WATER and FOOD.

This series is for brushing up on your Survival Skills. World War 3 is upon us, This fact can not be denied by anyone with a ¼ of a Brain. When War breaks out everything else breaks down. No Electricity will bring America and all Major Powers to their KNEES. (EMP) Third World Countries will be least affected as their dependence on electricity is much less. NO Electricity means NO fuel, pumps are electric. No electricity means no infrastructure, NO WATER, NO FOOD, NO MEDICINE, NO CARS, NO POLICE, NO FIRE DEPARTMENT, NO AMBULANCES, NO HOSPITALS, NO SCHOOLS, NO WORK, NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO Things No NOTHING!!!

Katrina showed us that in 3 days with no Food or Water people start killing each other. How long till they start eating ……………………………………….you!!!

WE WILL BE UNDER MARSHAL LAW. The LAW won’t have gas after awhile either and Marshal Law will Break Down. You will be on your own. Are you ready for any of the tribulation that is coming our way? Me neither. The RAPTURE will take some of us away from all that. Are you one of them that does not have to worry about all that? I am. I am putting this out for all those that are left behind when the Rapture occurs and DOES NOT WANT TO TAKE THE MARK OF THE BEAST AND WANTS TO SURVIVE THE TRIBULATION and live with Jesus in Eternity.

This is what is coming and more.

POtHS - Survival Series - Part 01 - Woodmaster Survival Skills
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 02 - The Edible Garden
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 03 - Ray Mears - World of Survival
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 04 - Ray Mears - Country Tracks
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 05 - Ray Mears - Extreme Survival
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 06 - Ray Mears - Real Heroes of Telemark
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 07 - Ray Mears - Bushcraft Series
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 08 - Ray Mears - Wild Food
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 09 - 50 Outdoor Skills – Basic
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 10 - Man vs Wild - Bear Grylis - SE1
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 11 - Man vs Wild - Bear Grylis - SE2
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 12 - Man vs Wild - Bear Grylis - SE3
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 13 - Man vs Wild - Bear Grylis - SE4
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 14 - Man vs Wild - Bear Grylis - SE5
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 15 - Growing Your Own Food
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 16 - Growing Your Own Drugs
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 17 - Permaculture and Organic Gardening
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 18 - Old McDonalds Backyard Farm
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 19 - First Aid - Includes Gunshot Wounds
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 20 - Make you own Electricity
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 21 - More Food Farming
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 22 - Pure Water for Life
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 23 - Self Defense - Easy Stuff for Beginners
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 24 - Self Defense - Street Survival & Hapkido Self-Defense
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 25 - Self Defense - Krav Mag
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 26 - Firearm Tactics 9.11
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 27 - Gracie - Bully Proof
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 28 - Kapap - Israeli Special Forces
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 29 - SSS - Split Second Survival - Gun and Knife
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 30 - Coming Soon
POtHS - Survival Series - Part 30 - Squaring Off with a Judge in The US Court System


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn\'t PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

\"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

\"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                        Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                      Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                                Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    


                      (director) :director:           Don\'t be like 89% of Americans that think EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE ALRIGHT


[size=18]Get Woodmaster Series of Survival    and You won\'t get caught with
             