Blues Company - So What (1988)
-----------------------

Special Guest Louisiana Red

01 - Blues Company - What's Wrong  
02 - Blues Company - Cold Blue Moon 
03 - Blues Company - Stay With Me 
04 - Blues Company - Downhome Blues 
05 - Blues Company - Mean Woman Blues 
06 - Blues Company - Rattlesnake Blues 
07 - Blues Company - Pension Blues 
08 - Blues Company - Look Here Baby 
09 - Blues Company - Good Times Boogie 
10 - Blues Company - Teeny Weeny Bit 
11 - Blues Company - Drinkin' Blues 
12 - Blues Company - Mr. TNT 
13 - Blues Company - Black Nite 
 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/so-what-r875389

Artwork

Format: FLAC


(from booklet of cd)


The beginning was quite inconspicuous: 
In 1976, Todor Todorovic and his BLUES COMPANY
were back-ups for the coloured harpist »Billy Boy Arnold«.

The tour through 40 European blues Clubs was not without consequences.
In Chicago and its environs it went from mouth to mouth that there
was really a hot Combo in »good old Germany« that could impel
any blues veteran to maximum Performance even on a bad evening.
In the course of the years almost every blues celebrity
on tour through Europe had to experience that the Yugoslavian guitar-player
stole their show.
Sunnyland Slim, Blind John Davis, Champion Jack Dupree,Johnny Heartsman
and Louisiana Red can tell a thing or two about that.

In between, there are television and radio dates.
The first LP appears: »BLUES COMPANY LIVE« (1980).
Todor »Toscho« Todorovic and his musicians need more and more space for
their live-shows an the stage (»just have a look at the foot-work«). 
The first successful solo-tours, without Partners from the USA who haue an
advertising appeal, bring the band a regular audience all over West Germany.
In between, there are television and radio dates.
Second LP: »Ich hab den Blues schon'n bißchen länger« (1982).
The Benelux, as well as Switzerland and Austria are toured - in most cases,
customs officers let the Bus of the BLUES COMPANY pass without check
with a friendly smile.

Street and town Parties, university Parties, jazz and Pop festivals,
the most important European Blues festivals, luxury discos, jazz Clubs 
and Punk Pubs, in between they take a few days for the production
of their third LP »The Third Step« (1986).
Result 1987: television and radio dates with all stations in the ARD-network
as well as with the stations in Poland, Hungary, the Netherlands,
Cyprus and Switzerland. 120 concerts (128 to be exact, if the guest Performances
given at private Parties are included) in West Germany, Benelux, Switzerland,
Hungary, Poland and Cyprus. 
Distance covered on motorways 56.000 miles (inner-city distances excluded).

For the period from 26th - 28th August 1987, no dates were accepted. 
Toscho and his band were producing a CD, 
being the first German blues band to do that.

The record was produced in the DDD method 
(dual trace, directly on the digital mastertape),
i.e. »live in the studio«. Via telephone, the Best and most famous blues musicians of Europe were called together as guests
and they met each other in the Jovel studio at Münster in the North of Germany. The Jovel studio is a former cinema,a large, well-resounding room, in which there are many live concerts. 

The fact that all Instruments - including the bass guitar
 - were played at normal concert volume via amplifiers, 
gave also rise to the »live feeling«.
After last auditions during the soundchecks, a maximum of 3 takes were recorded 
- in most cases, just one was needed. 

The recordings were such a great fun for the band that after 3 days and 47 hours 
in the studio they could not refrain from making a session.

... we hope that you have as much fun listening to this work as we had recording it.

 
http://www.bluescompany.de/en/index.php?lang=en
 
http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blues_Company



