NBA 1990 The FINALS

Game 4 - (1990.06.12):


DETROIT Pistons (1E) vs. PORTLAND Trail Blazers (3W)


The rip is from CBS Sports (USA)

Video format: 384p

Rosters:
DET Pistons: 23. Mark Aguirre, 20. William Bedford, 4. Joe Dumars, 53. James Edwards, 33. Dave Greenwood, 35. Scott Hastings, 12. Gerald Henderson, 15. Vinnie Johnson, 3. Stan Kimbrough, 40. Bill Laimbeer, 35. Ralph Lewis, 10. Dennis Rodman, 22. John Salley, 11. Isiah Thomas, Coach: Chuck Daly

POR T Blazers: 2. Mark Bryant, 42. Wayne Cooper, 22. Clyde Drexler, 00. Kevin Duckworth, 23. Byron Irvin, 22. Nate Johnston, 25. Jerome Kersey, 44. Drazen Petrovic, 30 Terry Porter, 50 Robert Reid, 3. Clifford Robinson, 52. Buck Williams, 21. Danny Young, Coach: Rick Adelman


A little bit of All Star Games history:

NBA-ABA All Star Game 1971 (28 may) - first game ever
-----------------------------------
HOUSTON - The Astrodome (Texas)

NBA - ABA 125-120 (33-33, 33-31, 25-25, 34-31)
---

NBA: John Havlicek (BOSTON Celtics), Dave DeBusschere (NEW YORK Knicks), Nate Thurmond (GOLDEN STATE Warriors), Oscar Robertson (MILWAUKEE Bucks), Dave Bing (DETROIT Pistons), Walt Frazier (NYK), Elvin Hayes (SAN DIEGO Rockets), Earl Monroe (BALTIMORE Bullets), Lou Hudson (ATLANTA Hawks), Billy Cunningham (PHILADELPHIA 76ers), Coach: Bill Russell (former BOS)

ABA: Rick Barry (NEW YORK Nets), Willie Wise (UTAH Stars), Zelmo Beaty (UTS), Larry Jones (The Floridians), Charlie Scott (VIRGINIA Squires), Mel Daniels (INDIANA Pacers), John Brisker (PITTSBURGH Condors), Roger Brown (IND), Steve Jones (MEMPHIS Pros), Donnie Freeman (TEXAS Chapparals), Bill Melchionni (NYN), Coach: Larry Brown (DENVER Rockets)

MVP ASG: Walt Frazier (NYK)


The NBA All-Stars featured such household names as San Diego's Elvin Hayes, Boston's John Havlicek and Milwaukee's Oscar Robertson along with the New York trio of Walt Frazier, Earl Monroe and Dave DeBusschere (who later would become commissioner of the ABA). Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was supposed to play, but got married the day before the game and backed out.
Among the ABA stars were such non-household names as Indiana's Mel Daniels and Roger Brown, New York's Bill Melchioni, the Dallas duo of Donnie Freeman and Steve Jones, Utah's Zelmo Beaty (a Prairie View alum), Virginia's Charlie Scott and Miami's Larry Jones. New York's Rick Barry was about the only ABA star of any renown playing in the game.
But the ABA stars gave their NBA counterparts all they could handle before going down in a controversial loss.
"In Houston we had them down big and all of a sudden the calls started going against us," Daniels said. "They were NBA refs, and the calls started going against us and we lost by something like three points (five). We all played well, but it was just a bad situation with the refs (the NBA stars shot 70 free throws -- in an All-Star game). I think everybody enjoyed the game."
Some little-known facts about the ABA-NBA All-Star game:
  Former Celtics great Bill Russell coached the NBA stars and Larry Brown, then a player for the Carolina Cougars, coached the ABA All-Stars. Brown now coaches the Indiana Pacers.
  Frazier was named the game's Most Outstanding Player after scoring 26 points.
  The game was unusual not only because it was the first (not-wholeheartedly) sanctioned interleague play, but because the participants played under NBA rules in the first half and then ABA rules in the second -- the 3-point shot, 30-second shot clock (the NBA uses a 24-second clock) and the red, white and blue basketball.
  Lloyds of London provided insurance coverage for the ABA stars. The policy premium was $16,000.

Supergame I: May 28, 1971, Houston Astrodome
--------------------------------------------

NBA and ABA players organized the first Supergame as a fund raiser for the Whitney Young Foundation, an organization that helped prepare underprivileged students for college. The Foundation received the net gate receipts, while the television proceeds were divided between the participating players and each league’s Players Association pension funds. The members of the respective Players Associations selected 11 man rosters from the previous season’s All-Star teams. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was supposed to play for the NBA, but he got married the day before the game and his roster spot was not filled. Boston Celtics’ legend Bill Russell coached the NBA and Larry Brown helmed the ABA.

Mel Daniels, who won two ABA MVPs and three ABA titles as an Indiana Pacer, recalls that the ABA players looked forward to the game: “We weren’t intimidated by the (NBA) guys. We figured that they did everything that we would do in the locker room in terms of putting on your shoes and your uniform and playing basketball. The climate was that the ABA guys were not as good as the NBA basketball players, so we had a few things on our minds that we had to prove to society, to the basketball world in general, that we were as good as the NBA, if not better.”

The game used NBA rules in the first half (24 second shot clock, no three point shot) and ABA rules in the second half (30 second shot clock, three point shot). Walt Frazier came off the bench to make seven of his eight field goal attempts in the first half and the NBA led 66-64 after Elvin Hayes’ first half buzzer beater. The game went back and forth until the NBA took a 108-98 lead in the fourth quarter. Barry and Charlie Scott rallied the ABA to within a point with 47 seconds left, but Oscar Robertson drained two free throws to put the NBA up 123-120 with 32 seconds left. Frazier closed out the scoring with two more free throws at the 11 second mark. Frazier finished with a game-high 26 points and won a car as the game MVP.

Even after such a strong showing the ABA players still had to fight an uphill battle to receive recognition. Daniels still recalls one slight: “One thing that I remember is that I blocked Elvin Hayes’ shot and the next day in the newspaper it came out that Hayes had blocked my shot.”

Both referees were from the NBA, which makes one statistic from the 1971 game stand out. In the fourth quarter the NBA All-Stars attempted 31 free throws, which would have been an NBA single game regular season record at that time. Despite shooting six for 23 from the field in the final stanza (the ABA went 10-20) the older league outscored the ABA 34-31. The NBA had a bigger, more inside oriented team, but through the first three quarters the NBA’s free throw attempted edge was only 39-32. Moreover, the fourth quarter parade to the free throw line was led not by the NBA’s big men but by guards Oscar Robertson (eight FTA) and Earl Monroe (six FTA) and swingman John Havlicek (all seven of his FTA).

Clearly, the NBA-ABA All-Star Game was much more fiercely contested and much more closely officiated than contemporary All-Star Games are. For example, in the 2004 NBA All-Star Game both teams combined for 32 free throw attempts in the entire game. Daniels says, “This was a serious business. Not only was that game a very serious endeavor, when we started playing exhibition games (against the NBA), those weren’t exhibition games per se. They were played with all the energy and verve of a regular season game.”


AFTER DOWNLOAD, PLEASE SEED!!! FOR ALL'S BENEFITS!