S K I D R O W
the leading force


proudly presents


F.E.A.R. 3 (c) WB Games


22-06-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.........Steam + CEG
FPS..................Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD


RELEASE NOTES


Alma is expecting and a new level of terror grows as you and your
cannibal brother battle through a hellish nightmare. Fight together or
die alone on a deadly mission to confront your twisted mother. Players
can take on the role of Point Man, a genetically enhanced soldier with
superhuman reflexes and the ability to manipulate time, or the undead
spirit of his brother Paxton Fettel, a paranormal entity who possesses
incredible psychic powers

Features:

Blood Runs Deep, F.E.A.R. Runs Deeper: F.E.A.R. 3 delivers all the
hallmarks that define the F.E.A.R. brand: terrifying paranormal
experience, frenetic combat and a dramatic storyline

Never Face Fear Alone: F.E.A.R. 3 evolves the brand, introducing
Divergent Co-op: deep, social gameplay that gives players distinctly
different abilities that affect their own play as well as the
experience of gamers they are playing with or against

Frenetic Combat: Active 360 degree cover, evolutionary slow-mo modes
scoring systems and best in class mech- combat aid players in facing an
army of soldiers and paranormal enemies

Experience the Almaverse: The game world is tainted by the Almaverse
the alternate dimension where Alma's psychic essence subsists. New
sinister and fantastical enemy creatures birthed in Alma s warped mind
spill into reality and intensify the panic

Generative System: Proprietary technology creates random events to
increase the feeling of isolation and unpredictability when playing
alone or with a friend, and offers new experiences each time gamers
play through

Masters of Horror: Legendary film director John Carpenter and writer
Steve Niles provide their expertise and guidance to take F.E.A.R. 3's
intensity to the next level. Niles co-wrote the twisted storyline that
reveals the motivations and family dynamics of the main characters, and
Carpenter helped craft the cinematics for maximum storytelling and
fright factor


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


ADDITIONAL NOTES


Use our included Language.exe for changing languages!


ENJOY!