An alternative daily newschannel. One hour with news as you do not see it elsewhere.
 
http://www.democracynow.org

Headlines for Oct 27, 2011

-  Occupy Wall Street Supporters Nationwide March Following Occupy Oakland Crackdown
-  Washington Post Under Fire For Occupy Wall Street Coverage
-  Democratic Supercommittee Members Propose To Cut Medicare, Medicaid
-  Protester Disrupts Budget Deficit Meeting, Calls For End to War
-  European Leaders Strike Controversial Debt Relief Deal For Greece
-  NYPD Maintains Secret Intelligence Files On Muslims Who Change Their Names
-  Egyptian Police Officers Get Eight Years in Prison for Beating Death that Inspired Popular Uprising
-  Libyan Officials Claim Gaddafi's Son Wants to Surrender
-  Hillary Clinton Welcomes Bahrain Foreign Minister In Talks
-  Argentina: 12 Dirty War Officials Sentenced To Life For Human Rights Abuses
-  Obama Speech Interrupted By Keystone XL Tar Sands Oil Pipeline Protesters
-  Lawsuit Revived Against Mining Giant Rio Tinto For War Crimes in Papua New Guinea
-  House OKs Land Swap to Help Rio Tinto Build Massive Arizona Copper Mine
-  Department of Interior Places 20-Year Moratorium on Uranium Mining in Southwest
-  Former Massey Employee Convicted in West Virginia Mining Disaster Cover-Up


Special reports

- Iraq War Vet Hospitalized with Fractured Skull After Being Shot by Police at Occupy Oakland Protest

Thousands of people reclaimed the Occupy Oakland encampment in front of City Hall Wednesday after police dispersed them twice on Tuesday - first in a pre-dawn raid on the camp and 12 hours later at night when protesters attempted to retake the park - using beanbag projectiles and tear gas. Many protesters expressed outrage over of the injury of Oakland protester Scott Olsen, a 24-year-old Iraq War veteran whose skull was fractured by a projectile fired by police Tuesday night. He is hospitalized in critical condition and is reportedly under sedation by doctors monitoring his injury. We speak to Jesse Palmer, an Occupy Oakland protester who helped move Olsen to safety, and to Aaron Hinde, a close friend of Scott Olsen and a fellow member of Iraq Veterans against War. One of Olsen's other friends, Adele Carpenter, told Reuters, "The irony is not lost on anyone here that this is someone who survived two tours in Iraq and is now seriously injured by the Oakland police force." Aaron Hinde talked about why Olsen joined the Occupy Oakland movement: "He was a very motivated and dedicated individual and he believed in the Occupy movement because it's very obvious what's happening in this country, especially as veterans, we've had our eyes opened by serving and going to war over seas."


- Egyptian Youth Activists: We Are Happy to See Occupy Wall Street Movement Stand Up For Justice

A pair of Egyptian police officers were sentenced Wednesday to eight years in prison for the beating death of 28 year-old man. The 2010 killing of Khaled Said helped to spark the Egyptian revolution that ultimately toppled the regime of Hosni Mubarak. The officers were both charged with manslaughter. Members of Said's family and pro-democracy protesters argued the sentence was too light. Two Egyptian youth leaders, Ahmed Maher and Basem Fathy, join us in studio to talk about Egypt after the fall of Mubarak, as well as the growing protests they have witnessed n the United States. "Regarding the Occupy movement ... we are - in the April 6th Movement and the activists in Egypt - standing for very clear values: social justice and democracy, and justice in general," says Fathy. "We're going to support this everywhere, and let's say frankly, that we're happy for finding the people trying to correct the bad way of democracy, even in the United States."


- Drug War Profiteers: Book Exposes How Wachovia Bank Laundered Millions For Mexican Cartels

As protests continue against Wall Street and the nation's biggest banks, we speak to British journalist Ed Vulliamy, author of "Amexica: War Along the Borderline." Vulliamy exposes how one bank, Wachovia, made millions in the Mexican drug war. At the time, Wachovia was the nation's fourth-largest bank - it has since been taken over by Wells Fargo. "You can't drive around Mexico with hundreds of billions of dollars in cash in a truck. It has to be banked," Vulliamy said. "What I found was that it is coming into the United States, into the banking system."
 
http://www.democracynow.org
