Project Management Metrics, KPIs, and Dashboards: A Guide to Measuring and Monitoring Project Performance by Harold Kerzner
W,..ey | 2011 | ISBN: 1118026527 | 384 pages | PDF


Essential strategies from Harold Kerzner on measuring project management performance
The maze-like path of today's projects reflects a business environment that's growing in complexity. Factors influencing projects, such as new advancements in computer technology, an unpredictable economy, and the increase in stakeholder involvement make metrics and key performance indicators (KPI) for project management an important focus. Such measures are commonly used to help an organization define and evaluate how successful it is, typically, in terms of making progress towards its long-term organizational goals.

Project Management Metrics, KPIs, and Dashboards helps functional managers gain a thorough understanding of what metrics are and how they can be best implemented to gain traction in a fast-paced and diverse working atmosphere. With content aligned with PMI's PMBOK® Guide, this book offers extensive coverage on KPIs and how they may be monitored, using techniques such as business dashboards to assist in prescribing meaningful business strategies. After reading this book, functional managers will bolster their awareness of what good metrics management really entails—and be armed with the knowledge to measure performance more effectively.

This book begins with basic KPI principles, helping functional managers deal with such key issues as:

Successfully integrating KPIs and metrics into managing a project within a business strategy

Important business dashboard techniques used in monitoring performance

What is really important to different stakeholders in a project

Managing resistance to change

Next the book explores the key questions to ask before implementing a dashboard or reporting system. Some of these questions include:

What are your needs?

What is involved in integration?

What's involved in operations and maintenance?

What does the system cost?

How long will the system last?

Throughout the book, helpful illustrations clarify complex concepts and processes. These illustrations are also available as PowerPoint slides for course and seminar presentations.
