TMS - Unseen Diversity: The World of Bacteria
by Betsey Dexter Dyer

Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps

Bacteria are the most overlooked organisms on your nature walk. You see birds, trees, and wildflowers. You may even examine fungi, rock formations, mosses, lichens, nests, tracks, and insects. However, it is likely that you are not seeing bacteria even though you may know they are there in countless numbers, far outnumbering the other organisms, and that their influence on the environment is vast and profound.

Professor Betsey Dexter Dyer of Wheaton College examines the role of bacteria as major players in Earth's biodiversity. In the course of these fascinating lectures, Professor Dyer delves into the history of microbiology, the four billion year history of bacteria and archaea as the dominant organisms on Earth, and the place of pathogens in the greater context of the bacterial world. This course serves as both a field guide for curious naturalists and a friendly introduction to the world of bacteria and archaea.

Betsey Dexter Dyer is a biology professor at Wheaton College in Norton, Massachusetts, where her courses include bacteriology, genetics, parasitology, and invertebrate evolution. She earned her Ph.D. in biology at Boston University in 1984. Dyer’s research interests include DNA sequence analysis, cell evolution, symbiosis, and field microbiology. Dyer considers herself to be a curious naturalist and a generalist, with lots more to learn. She has written three books: Perl for Exploring DNA (with coauthor Mark LeBlanc, Oxford University Press, 2007), A Field Guide to Bacteria (Cornell University Press, 2003), and Tracing the History of Eukaryotic Cells (with coauthor Robert Obar, Columbia University Press, 1994).

14 Lectures
35 minutes/lecture

1 Introduction to the Bacterial World
2 Hidden in Plain Sight
3 Seventeenth-Century Microscopy and the Discovery of Bacteria
4 A Brief History of Bacteriology
5 The Family Tree of Bacteria
6 The Extremophiles
7 An Enormous and Diverse Group: The Proteobacteria
8 An Enormous and Diverse Group: The Gram Positives
9 Gram Positives in the Soil Community
10 Bacteria as Pathogens
11 What About the Viruses?
12 Cyanobacteria: The Original Photosynthesizers
13 Diverse Metabolisms
14 Future Directions