Artist:   The Crave
Title:    Breaking The Silence
Label:
Genre:    Rock
Bitrate:  263kbit av.
Time:     00:50:27
Size:     100.04 mb
Rip Date: 2011-06-15
Str Date: 2011-00-00

01. Cooking In The Kitchen                                        3:13
02. Something Beautiful                                           3:52
03. Breaking The Silence                                          3:52
04. Surrender & Retreat                                           4:06
05. Maverick                                                      3:59
06. Weight Of The World                                           3:40
07. Spinning Wheel                                                4:17
08. Truth Hurts                                                   3:39
09. Silently Screaming                                            4:03
10. Defector                                                      3:37
11. High                                                          3:36
12. All Of You                                                    3:34
13. Mercenary Man                                                 4:59

Release Notes:

Saw these guys on tour supporting Lifehouse (who were brilliant). They
put on an awesome show, then I met them at the end of the gig, proper
nice guys. Picked up a signed copy of their album, which I suggest
y'all do.



Hailing from Brighton, The Crave are a young rock band with grand
ambitions. They have spent the last few years notching up invaluable
touring experience throughout Europe and the US. They also have
Download, Sonisphere and Rock Am festival dates under their belts and a
host of big name support slots. I’d be liar if I wasn’t impressed with
their touring résumé so far, but it doesn’t automatically mean they’ll
produce a decent album. Fortunately for them and me they have produced
a well polished and highly accomplished album in Breaking the Silence.

Reading the track listing I was concerned that I was in for 50 mins of
whining and bleeding hearts (synical moi?) but I was pleasantly
surprised. The Crave demonstrate a clear understanding of their target
audience and this album is full of radio friendly rock anthems. The
lads are all clearly skilled musicians and the songs themselves are
dripping with guitar riffs and vocal hooks of a quality that many more
experienced bands struggle to achieve. A lead guitar tone borrowed from
Slash is also reassuring and very welcome on the ears.

Album opener Cooking in the Kitchen is typical of The Crave’s sound and
sits somewhere between Feeder and Velvet Revolver.  Something Beautiful
reminds me of Mötley Cr?e and KISS with some nice anthemic vocals to
engage the audience. Title track Breaking the Silence sounds like the
sort of tune used on the soundtrack to an American teen movie. It’s all
good stuff.

A well produced album, slower, more stripped back tunes Surrender &
Retreat and Weight of the World add a nice balance across the 13
tracks. There are also slow burners such as Silently Screaming which
really kicks in after a couple of minutes of building. I can imagine
this being a great tune to see and hear live.

All Of You drops in some more aggressive Mark Tremonti style riffing
which I admit makes me sit up and take extra notice but the momentum of
that riff doesn’t carry through the song quite the way I would
personally like.

Given time and the right promotion, there’s no reason that we won’t be
seeing and hearing more of The Crave in the future. Their tunes sit
nicely in the rock radio category. I can’t see them struggling to pick
up lots more fans given the right exposure. If this sounds like your
cup of tea, I encourage you to check them out and grab a copy of
Breaking the Silence.

 
http://www.thecrave.co.uk/
