Take your digital photos to the highest standard. ACDSee Pro 4 will help get you there fast, with all the tools you need for everything you shoot. Manage, view, process and publish your images in one full-featured application. You'll enjoy organized files, achieve stunning visual results, and free up more time to spend behind the camera.


Start browsing right away:
Connect to your collection from the get-go. No need to spend time importing your photos to a separate library when they're already on your computer. Simply open ACDSee Pro 4 to directly access your folders and files live, in real time.

Organize as you import:
Accelerate your workflow by setting categories, keywords and IPTC data as you import new images from your camera or storage device. You can also choose the destination, create backup copies, and rename files during the import process.

Stay organized:
ACDSee Pro 4 is organized into four modes mimicking the way photographers naturally work with their images. Complete your workflow with maximum efficiency as you advance through the Manage, View, Process, and Online tabs.


Find anything:
You'll never lose track of another photo again. Flexible search tools allow you to retrieve by date, event, location, and image metadata and properties.


Non-destructively process RAW files:
Quickly and easily complete global non-destructive adjustments on RAW files from the leading camera manufacturers  . See the results of your adjustments in real time, preview in full screen, and experiment with peace of mind knowing your originals are preserved.


Perfect every pixel:
Fine tune your photos with pixel-level editing tools. Add watermarks, captions, and vignettes. Heal flaws and remove red eye. Apply edits to selected areas of your photos, and truly bring out the best in your photos.


Create stunning HDR images:
Explore the creative possibilities of high-dynamic-range imaging (HDR). Patent-pending single exposure HDR algorithms built into ACDSee Pro 4's RAW processing technology intelligently stretches the dynamic range of your photos, making them incredibly realistic or atmospheric.


Manage your metadata:
Access, embed, and edit IPTC, XMP and custom metadata in your images with handy tools. Enhanced interoperability ensures that this critical information is preserved in your files.


Customize your workspace:
Set up ACDSee Pro 4 to complement the way you work. Choose your color scheme, define workspace presets for different steps in your workflow, and customize the toolbar to display the features that you access the most. Plus create keyboard shortcuts and configure your external editing software for seamless access.


View fast:
With ACDSee Pro 4’s powerful image viewing technology, you don't have to  waste time waiting for your images to load. Even RAW files display in full-size at amazing speeds. Over 100 different file types are supported. 


Present your best:
Create presentations, print and e-mail your photos with ease. Manage your web presence with uploaders to flickr™, SmugMug, Zenfolio and your FTP accounts.


Easily share and publish online:
Drag and drop images or automatically sync photos from specific folders to your free, personal space on the ACDSee Online website. From there you can post to Facebook, tweet your album links on Twitter, and allow select contacts to download full resolution images.




HASH: 10F38FB83E278C0F4726A17DBCC7F80241F4BA2B




scanned with Kaspersky  + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = Malware FREE

ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome