TwistedBrush Pro Studio v18.00 Portable

Pixarra TwistedBrush Pro Studio - digital paint software with complete natural art tools - oils, acrylics, pastel, charcoal etc. Software for artists without the complexity of other art programs. TwistedBrush Pro Studio - creating art the way it should be, simple and fun!



Simplicity without sacrifice, powerful enough for the professional artist yet simple enough for the novice. TwistedBrush Pro Studio has one of the most versatile and powerful brush engines in existence, yet it was designed from day one to be easy to use. TwistedBrush Pro Studio has more than 3,000 brushes, along with all the features that artists love to use: layers, realistic media, photo cloning, tracing, masks, particles, filters, script recording, scripts to AVI, drawing tablet support, brush shapes, patterns, textures, integrated scanner support, image brushes, drawing guides, reference image views, dirty brushes, scratch layer, dynamic palettes and a whole lot more.

TwistedBrush Pro Studio runs on all versions of the Windows operating system and is designed for all realms of digital art including natural media fine art, photo retouching, photo composition, photo cloning to turn your photos into the look of hand painted artwork, mandala art, patterns, manga, even 3D like painting with the incredible blob modeling tools.

Features:
TwistedBrush Pro Studio Feature Highlights:
Workspace. The workspace in TwistedBrush is designed to reduce the number of floating windows that overlay your painting surface freeing you from the chore of constantly shuffling windows around. Over 50 brushes are right at your fingertips, along with numerous color palette options and tools that get assigned to your right button click to further streamline your artist workflow.
Sketckbook. TwistedBrush works much like a real sketchbook. When you start TwistedBrush it is like opening your sketchbook, it is immediately ready to draw or paint on your page. When you're done with a page you turn to the the next page. You never need to manually save your work. But of course you can export your pictures to any number of the standard image formats such as JPEG, PNG, BMP, TGA, TIFF, GIF, etc.
Page Explorer. Like a unlimited supply of sketchbooks, TwistedBrush keeps your pages stored in books. Up to 500 pages per book and an unlimited number of books means you'll never run out of paper! The Page Explorer makes it easy to view and reorganize your pages in your sketchbooks. Even assign a name to your sketch book if you like.
Select Brushes. In any digital painting program the core of the system is in the brushes. Therefore easy access to the brushes is key. In TwistedBrush there are over 2000 brushes included with more added all the time. With the brush shortcut system your favorite brushes are always ready for you.
ArtSets. ArtSets organize the brushes in TwistedBrush into groups of 60 brushes. There are a variety of types of ArtSets, from standard art tools, specialize collections, patterns brushes, cloners, photo retouching brushes, image brushes, etc.
Editing ArtSets. It is easy to create your own brushes and then store them into your own ArtSets. All the tools used by the creators of TwistedBrush to create brushes and ArtSets are included. You can even create your own collections of brushes easily by entering the ArtSet build mode and selecting brushes from other ArtSets. Then if you like, make these your shortcuts with a press of a button.
Select Colors. Color selections are plentitful with the included color palettes. Additionally you can tweak selected colors, create your own palettes, select colors from your picture, from a reference image, the scratch layer or even the trace source image. Dynamic palettes also aid in color selections, allowing you to pick from the history of colors used or hue ranges from your currently selected color.
Tools. All the tools you expect are available from the tool bar. When you have a tool selected it is activated with the right mouse (stylus) click. This means your drawing brush is always available and you never need to reselect your brush to start painting again. The tools you expect are here, eye dropper, cropping, moving, line, box, ellipse, flood fill, gradiant, masking tools, text, drawing guides, brush rotate, brush cleaner etc.
Layers. TwistedBrush includes an advanced system called Layers. With layers you can split your work into transparent layers that sit on top on each others and allow for incredible editing and adjustment options even at the end stages of your painting. A wide range of layer blending modes exist including many not available in any other painting program.
Paper Textures. Use paper textures while you draw to give the feel and look of textured paper and canvas. Over 70 different surface textures are included.
Masks. Masks are the artists masks you may be familiar

with if you've done traditional artwork. TwistedBrush has an extensive set of masking capabilities that you'll use to protect and manipulate areas of your work. Included is a magic wand with a number of different modes for creating your masks. Or use a common shape or one of the many masking brushes to create exactly the mask you need.
Filters. A filter allows for processing the image all at once. TwistedBrush includes the full range of image processing filters ready to use.
Tracing Paper. The tracing paper feature gives you the ability to turn your canvas into tracing paper so that you can see a reference image below it for use as a drawing guide. This is invaluable for many types of work.
Cloning. Cloning, taking image data from somewhere else and placing it into your painting, that is cloning. The source image for the TwistedBrush cloning brushes can be a different image or from another area of your current picture. The cloners can be used to render a photo as a artist drawing, or to touch-up a photo or do many things in-between.
Scripts. With scripts you can record your painting actions and play them back, recreating your painting from scratch. This has value for trying out different "what-if" scenarios, for teaching pusposes, for animation production when used with the AVI saving option or just for entertainment.
Pattern Brushes. There are a number of ArtSets that contain Pattern brushes. These brushes paint a pattern on your canvas as you paint. Adjust the size the pattern with the density slider. Categories of patterns include, surface, materials, nature and others.
Brush Shapes. Most any brush in TwistedBrush can be further enhanced with a shape.
Drawing Guides. Drawing guides are a visual aid that appears over your canvas to help you with perspective, distances, and general construction of your artwork. A large number of different drawing guides are included.
Image Brushes. Image brushes are powerful tools for both recreating the flow and feel of working with natural media but also for allowing for extraordinary painting effects. The Image Brushes : Basic ArtSet includes the brushes you need that when used in combination of captured images give you an unlimited supply of brushes.
Image Warp. When using the Image Warp tool you will be pulling, pushing, pinching, and stretching your image as if it was make of rubber or putty. These tools at the extreme case can be fun for wildly adjusting a photo as shown here. But used with more finese they are invaluble for making minor adjustments to your photos or artwork saving you countless hours or re-working in more labor intensive ways.

What's New in This Release:
Added - A new Polygon Mask tool has been added.
Added - A new Lasso Mask tool has been added.
Added - The Filter dialog now includes an option to select a rectangle area for previews. This is useful for very large pages.
Added - The Lua filter scripts now support a variant slider type. This allows for a greater range of values.
Added - New preference, Dialog Visible Adjustment. Allows during off the automatic movement of dialog boxes and panels. Useful for those with duel monitors.
Added - Special Layer added. Mask Edit Layer allows quick and easy highly refined mask editing.
Added - The three special layers (30, 31, and 32) now are shown with icons. P - Paper Layer, S - Scratch Layer, M - Mask Layer. Selecting one of these special layers from the layer mini bar will immediately enter the edit mode for that special layer.
Added - Brush Code Import and Brush Code Export menus added to the Brush Shortcut pop-up menu.
Improved - The Rectangle Mask tool now includes options for Replace, Add, and Subtract as well as an inverted rectangle option.
Improved - The Ellipse Mask tool now includes options for Replace, Add, and Subtract as well as an inverted ellipse option.
Improved - Scratch Layer: Editing mode of the scratch layer is now persistent so that it is no longer required to hold the A key to remain on the scratch layer.
Improved - Scratch Layer: Textual indicator at the top of the page when editing the scratch layer was added.
Improved - Scratch Layer: Switching to and from the scratch layer can now be done view the A key, layer menu, or Quick Command button.
Improved - Scratch Layer: When exiting the scratch layer a Reference Image titled Scratch Layer Reference is automatically created / updated! Allows for easy color selections.
Improved - Scratch Layer: The scratch layer's zoom and page position is remembered the next time you go to edit the scratch layer.
Improved - Scratch Layer: The scratch layer is automatically named Scratch layer.
Improved - Scratch Layer: The visibility of the scratch layer is now always turned off when exiting the scratch layer.
Improved - Scratch Layer: When creating the scratch layer via toggling into the scratch layer edit mode the layer is automatically filled with fully opaque white. If desired the layer can be cleared for transparency.
Improved - The Frame Maker filter now allows for a much great range of variations.
Improved - The Quick Command panel buttons are now color coded to make it easier to quick find the desired button.
Improved - The Layer Panel Launcher has been replaced with a more general Panel Launcher. This is the little bar that appears under the color palette area.
Improved - The Paper Layer (previously called Texture Layer) now can more easily be manually edited in addition to the paper select dialog.
Improved - Non-blending brushes work more logically with soft mask edges.
Improved - Up to 256 layers can now be created. This is increased from the previous maximum of 32 layers.
Improved - In the Layers panel the Click to Create Layer text now includes the layer number for reference.
Changed - The Filter dialog no longer supports the Apply and Continue option.
Changed - Hot keys for changing pages in a book are now Page Up and Page Down keys instead of the Left and Right arrow keys.
Removed - The Unmask Grid Cell tool has been removed.
Removed - The menu Mask > Mask Filter has been removed since it is now easier and more powerful to use the special Mask Edit layer.
Removed - The menu Layer > Set Scratch Layer has been remove. The scratch layer will always be at layer position 31.
Removed - Removed the hot keys Up and Down arrows for changing books. It was too easy to accidentally press these.
Fixed - The Quick Command panel was not always properly sized.
Fixed - The Move tool was not working correctly when ESC was used to cancel the Move action.
Fixed - Don't remove the Scratch Layer when flattening a page.

Home Page - http://www.pixarra.com/


