 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059742/

fullscreen format (same as our 1080p from which we made this standard XviD vers)
720 X 404 resolution at 1305k video bitrate 256k mp3 english audio track and 
supplementary 128k audio tracks to watch the movie in 

German
Italian,
Spanish  
Russian 

(English subtitles included) all audio converted from DTS to mp3 as ac3 tends
to be more muted in volume power

We didn't find French audio on the disc for some godforsaken reason - sorry!

There were lots of various euro subtitles on the bluray disc file we obtained,
Russian and Ukrainian were also there,  however they are bloated sup image format
files amounting to over half a gigabyte overall when only a mere one tenth of one
percent of that was needed if they had only used sensible srt formatted text files
instead I suppose. We will do what we can to convert these sup files although it
may take some time to do them all. If you do check around for subs please note
this is the full 2hrs 54 minutes version of the movie program (the euro version
is same length now as north American version)


Excerpted from the Daily Mail (UK) Newspaper website:

Starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer, directed by Robert Wise
and filmed partly on location in Salzburg, Austria, The Sound of Music was
the top-grossing film of its era, and remains the most successful movie
musical of all time.

Nominated for ten Academy Awards, it won five, including Best Picture, 
Best Sound Recording, and Best Scoring of Music (adaptation) by the legendary
Irwin Kostal.

From its first, record-breaking run on stage at London's Palace Theater
in the early 1960s, through the zaniness of the sing-a-long A Sound of Music
craze, and the huge success of the West End theater's current smash hit revival 
presented by Andrew Lloyd Webber, The Sound of Music has always been one of 
Great Britain's Most favourite things."


This is undoubtedly the greatest movie ever made - to show the supreme
spirit of Ms. Julie Andrews and its rightful place upon the throne as 
a far better alternative over the wisdom that otherwise seems to pervade
the planet even on the part of such misguided authoritarian characters as
that which is played by the talented Christopher Plummer (who really should
not have to be shown what is better, you would think!).

This movie has made more than enough money that a sensible, Christianly 
spirited studio could long ago have afforded to make available on a cheap
five dollar HD disc - or else more rightly I think, settle for those that
make do with the versions we give away here instead - awaiting the prevailing
of better minds in the running of things in this industry generally speaking.

A 1965 movie is in any event a great candidate for the end of copyright
protection and the grace of public domain ownership - the cost of abuses by
this industry as I say once again.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

	