
IMUSIC PEAKREAD NEW AGE G4

Peak Performance, Rocket Reading Read with Greater speed, focus, comprehension, stamina and ease than ever before. Just listen to elevate your performance to an entirely new level. Peak Performance Reading

Do you ever have trouble focusing and remaining attentive as you read? Have you ever read a paragraph or whole page, only to have no recollection of what you read? Worry not, for we all have. And it's not because you lack smarts. In fact, the problem isn't your mental abilities at all. The problem is how your brain works when you read. It's in a low performance brainwave state and it's simply not performing for you. iMusic PeakRead fixes that.

Listen as you read to enter a fluid, zoned in and highly cognitive brain state that will empower you to read faster than ever before. Whiz through the pages and feel the text smoothly fly off the page into your memory bank.

The result: your learning rate will be accelerated as you comprehend more information and data on a per minute basis. You will decipher, absorb and retain information with an adroitness never before experienced. In nearly any situation or condition, individuals that use iMusic PeakRead learn faster than those who do not.

This PeakRead selection was derived from synth artist & composer Chris Harvey's album, The White Sail. This album combines lyrical melodies with inspired percussion and a rare sense of harmony. Whilst essentially minimalistic, the album carves out a strong identity-- its carefully constructed melodies lingering long after they're heard.

Listen to the sample for a taste of what you can expect. While it's the patented IMAGINCE technology we've added that makes this music so special when it comes to the brain, the music has been chosen due to its perfect pitch, tempo and characteristics.


Track Listing

    01-Biomorph (4:53)
    02-Allegiance (5:22)
    03-Paris (6:55)
    04-Secrets From The Screen (4:49)
    05-Liber Null - Part 1 (3:58)
    06-Liber Null - Part 2 (4:39)
    07-Elation Sedation (5:55)
    08-Plasmate (8:08)
    09-Pixelize (4:32)
    10-Jorg (3:44)  
    11-The White Sail (8:55)
