Aimersoft video converter ultimate 4 1 2 0.you can connvert Video Across all Formats
 
Convert video between all video formats
Convert videos from cameras, online video sites (like Hulu, YouTube, Google video, Yahoo video, etc.), webcams, etc. to any other popular media formats as you please.

Supported HD formats: TS, TRP, HD AVI, HD WMV, HD MOV, HD AVI, MTS, M2TS, etc.
Supported SD formats: AVI, MP4, WMV, MPEG, MOV, VOB, FLV, MKV, 3GP and more.


Support audio conversion and capture video snapshots
Extract audio from video and convert it to popular audio formats including WMA, MP3, M4A, AAC, OGG, MKA, FLAC and more.  Also capture your favorite scenes from video and save them in BMP or JPG image formats.


Remove DRM from video and audio
Legally remove DRM protection from movies and music bought from WMV, WMA, iTunes M4P, M4A, M4V, AAC, M4B, ASF, BBC iPlayer WMV and MP4, Napster, Pandora, Amazon video on demand and other DRM protected media centers and convert them to other media formats.

Rip DVDs to any Popular Audio or Video Format
 
Rip DVDs and get all video and audio
Rip and convert DVD to HD video formats like HD MOV, HD WMV, HD AVI and standard video formats like WMV, AVI, MP4, FLV, MOV, MPEG, 3GP, etc. while preserving the high quality of DVD.

Extract audio, photo or video clips from DVD
Extract audio from DVD to MP3, WMA, AAC and take screenshots of your favorite scenes and save them in BMP or JPG format.

Includes optimized settings for multimedia players
This DVD video converter supports iPad, iPod, iPod Touch 3, iPod Nano 5 Zune, iPhone, iPhone 3GS, OS 3.1, iPhone 4(4G), Apple TV, PSP, PS3, Xbox 360, Archos, Sandisk, Motorola Droid/Cliq, Google nexus one, iRiver, Creative Zen, PMP, MP4/MP3 Player, Smart Phone, Pocket PC, PDA, Mobile Phone, etc.

Edit DVDs and Video
 
Customize frame size of DVD video
Crop your videos to keep only the parts you want while scaling them to keep the aspect ratio of the original DVD. Also, easily remove the black bars from DVD movies to watch it in true full screen.

Add effects to DVDs and video
Adjust brightness, contrast, saturation, and add filter effects like Old Film, Emboss, Gray and Negative, as well as text or picture watermarks to really make your DVD or video your own. 

Trim or split DVDs and video
Trim the runtime of your favorite parts from DVD and video by setting the specific start time and end time. Also split a single video file into multiple ones by setting a specific split time or split size to ensure the perfect fit for your device's screen.

Download and Record Streaming Video
 
Download streaming video online
Easy to download any downloadable online videos, TVs, movies, live sports from YouTube, CNN, PBS, Yahoo, Google, AdobeTV, etc. 

Record and convert online videos you can't download
Capture and convert non-downloadable online videos from Hulu, BBC, YouTube, Amazon Video on Demand and more by recording them via the professional build-in Video Recorder. 

Quick and Efficient Conversion
 
6X Faster Conversion Speed
Video Converter Ultimate is optimized for NVIDIA® CUDA™ ensuring accelerated video decoding/encoding on a CUDA-enabled graphics card. The significant performance gain means prompt HD and SD video conversion, smooth playback and highest quality for all your favorite movies.

Note: 6X faster conversion speed boost with NVIDIA® CUDA™ . Learn more>>

Efficient Batch Conversion
Multi-threaded conversion ensures efficient and stable conversion of multiple files (video files, audio files, DRM files, DVD movies) at the same time. Also, to merge clips into one file, simply check the "merge into one file" box. 

Burn any Video to DVD
 
In just three easy steps, even a beginner can burn professional-looking DVDs complete with menus, background music and photos to DVD disc, DVD folder and ISO files.

