 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066722/episodes

We bring you the Complete 68 episode collection of all included in
the 5 Seasons of this program (see the above link) in addition to a 25th
anniversary special program found on the DVD extras). The Thomas and Sarah
series are to be found separately in due course I expect.


Upstairs Downstarirs program was the most formative in my own upbringing
into British culture - equally I submit - to my earlier years in British
Boarding school.

There is no achievement that matches what is British competence in civilized
Christianly engagement on this earth, and we think it is no less that a
Christianly mission to crusade in favour of bringing such fine programming
as this to you all that want to partake of it all, and help spread the great
word.

The examples of fine articulation in this best of British (relatively) 
contemporary Television programming  - are the best as we have achieved.

Lord Bellamy is a man much to be respected and emulated in what are
his basic instincts and Gentlemanly example to all the men of Europe 
certainly. There is no substitute for having the best basic character
and willingness to be good and decent - add to this such fine programming
beginning at the earliest ages - and we'd make I think for an even better
world than what we have so far achieved - given that we seem to be in a
period of sliding away from it all - as though our foundations hadn't taken
a sound enough hold on our sense of commitment to continuing on with
the fine examples set here. All have to learn to better respect the man -
despite his good decent nature - or rather because of it - (I submit)!

This is the greatest of all the British programs in my own personal view
and it is with great pride and joy that I launch it for you here today
with the expectation that I might consider it among my best achievements
albeit a modest effort in what we bring you here in terms of quality even
at this point.

We have a 1000k video bitrate offering here with 192k audio (the Xvid
torrent we found were much below this video bitrate despite being indicated
otherwise). These video files are all converted for you to the full 720 X 480
from the NTSC Disc collection of the BBC A&E version.

We hope this program will be offered long into the future with the blessings
of all concerned as a reasonable and responsible effort in promoting
British culture around all Europe and elsewhere similarly suited.



Michael Rizzo Chessman









