Rush 1974-11-19 - Seattle, WA (JEMS Master) FLAC LOSSLESS

original txt:
Artist: Rush
Date: 1974-11-19
Location: Seattle, WA
Venue: Paramount Northwest Theatre
Source: Audience
Lineage: Master cassette>Nakamichi CR-7A azimuth-adjusted transfer (March 2008)>Terratec Phase 24>Peak 5.2 96/24>Sox 44.1/16>flac
Taping Gear: Sony ECM-22P>Sony TC-55
Taped And transfered by: JEMS


Band Members:
Geddy Lee - bass, vocals
Alex Lifeson - guitar
Neil Peart - drums

Setlist:
01. Intro
02. Finding My Way
03. What You're Doing
04. In The Mood
05. Here Again
06. Fancy Dancer
07. Bad Boy
08. Working Man ->
09. Drum Solo (cut in middle due to tape flip)
10. Anthem

Length: 53:58

Notes:
JEMS master recording. This transfer was originally done and posted in 2008 by Butterking. The same raw transfer files were used here but everything else was redone from scratch(speed correction, downsampling and tracking) for this repost (Sept 2009). Rush were the support act for Rory Gallagher this night. This show captures Rush on their very first tour touring in support of their self titled debut.

Butterking's original notes:

Based on notes I found at DigitalRushExperience.com, this is considered a significant recording in Rush collecting circles as the best audie from the band's first-album tour.

The entry for the show at Digital Rush gives the history of this tape as being found in the back of a closet as a first gen, transferred to VHS hi-fi with some static and drop out problems, then to CD-R from which it has circulated widely.

This then is the first transfer from the master cassette (Scotch normal bias). There's a chunk of Rory Gallagher's encore on the flip side so I assume Rush was opening for him. I haven't had a chance to call "S" to ask him what he recalls about this recording, but we can probably assume it was recorded like nearly every tape we made at the Paramount, from the last row of the main floor next to the curtain sash where we would mount the microphone. Samples provided.

I'd describe myself as a light, slightly closeted Rush fan, but seeing this on shelf at JEMS' northwest "vault," I thought it merited a fresh airing here. I've done nothing but transfer, stitch together the two sides, and add a fade in and out.

After all, somebody else needs to post a Rush show other than GeddyonDime, right? I hope he especially appreciates this.

Butterking for JEMS