Beastie Boys
Country Mike's
Greatest Hits (1998)

I ran across this rare bootleg of the Beastie Boys & I thought I'd share it. The sound quality is not all that great but definitely worth a listen. Just make sure you have lots of beer handy when you do!

Country Mike’s Greatest Hits is the legendary full length country album recorded by the Beastie Boys. Never officially released, it was originally only given out to family and friends of the Beasties as a Christmas gift back in 1999, and bootlegs started showing up a few years later. It has proved to be a very hot collectible, supposedly fetching as much as four hundred dollars on eBay. The only official reference to the album appears on the Beastie Boys compilation The Sounds of Science, which also includes two songs, “Railroad Blues” and “Country Mike’s Theme.” In the liner notes, Adam Yauch explains “At some point after Ill Communication came out, Mike got hit in the head by a large foreign object and lost all of his memory. As it started coming back he believed that he was a country singer named Country Mike. The Psychologists told us that if we didn’t play along with Mike’s fantasy, he could be in grave danger. Finally he came back to his senses. This song (Railroad Blues) is one of the many that we made during that tragic period of time.”

Needless to say this is an odd record. The boys clearly had fun making it, although it’s not as over the top as you might expect. The overall musicianship is decent, particularly the pedal steel work, giving it a down-home authenticity. There are also some zanier moments that reminded me of Beck’s early acoustic recordings (let’s just say that Mike D ain’t exactly a crooner). Overall the album is definitely an interesting curiosity for any Beastie Boys fan.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Country		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

01.Sloppy Drunks
02.Railroad Blues
03.We Can Do This
04.Country Delight
05.Don't Let The Air Out My Tires
06.How Do U Mend An Achin' Heart
07.One Song A Night
08.Country Christmas
09.The Ballad Of Kenny Jones
10.Country Mike's Theme
11.On Your Way Up Again
12.We Can Do This (Live)
13.The Half-Wit
