Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:   
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:    
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:   
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?m6ge1hdmfcwd59q84n69q0i7qw4  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?fvboyzobd0325o7vxrm8p7ngwb   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?s2weegdl4rzau5rb347am22e7hj  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mtegbkqp2oh0ma5a54m6xwxccor  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vj70dhyafmmtvpvc2u0sfhrf6x3  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?4edk7ode836ghydw8jvst5f610f  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?hlu4e8jqs0etxe06k00odwuasrm  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sw1lzzaztdc3vag3945aghdx1r   vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8qzpv4eahzd9yn22dd4hkd3meh   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: I just finished doing my photos and videos for the website and as I'm writing this down I really can say I had a fun time.  The day went by so fast too it felt like an hour when it was really the whole day.  Sara told me about the website and said if I want to try softcore porn this is the best place to start.  When I turned 18 I was thinking about it but I was too nervous to really take that step and contact the website.  When I turned 19 I said its time to make a go at it.  The photographer liked me and said that its nice that I dont have any tattoos and I agree I don't want them either.  I just think I'd regret it later on in life.  So when we met up we ended shooting right away and I got naked at a parking place right away!  I was nervous but also I thought it was daring and fun.  I've never been naked outside like this and only the guys I've been with have seen me naked.  I think a couple of people saw me running naked for sure at the grocery store!  Then I masturbated and used two vibrators that I've never seen before that need to be in a wall socket very much like a hair dryer and they made me cum so hard!  I used to use just my fingers but ever since I discovered vibrators I never went back to fingers.  I like sex too of course and it depends if I have a boyfriend or not.  Otherwise I masturbate about 5 times a week.  Butt sex was something new to me and if I had shot 6 months before I wouldn't have ever done it on the shoot but Ive started liking it with some of my newer experiences with the guy I was with.  Still not as good as regular sex but sometimes I just want it differently.  I'm mostly swedish background but I've never been to sweden.  My family moved here in Sacramento before I was born.  I do want to travel a bit and see the world some day, one day!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Earlier in Summer 2011, Chloe contacted me with these photos:  #1 #2 #3 #4 #5.  She was somewhat undecided about shooting adult, but who encouraged her?  Her friend Sara of FTV.  They happened to be high school friends who got in touch with each other through facebook, and eventually it led her to start with FTV.  So you're seeing Chloe's total first time experience here.  Notice her awkwardness to the camera in the beginning, including her first masturbation, as she warms up to the camera.  Leaving the camera on tripod, giving her the eroscillator toy, allowed her to come to her first orgasm.  Vaginal contractions are harder to see, but they're there.   She's petite, with cute little feet, so I got some foot fetish when I can, like her washing her feet, or keeping her toes in view while she was masturbating (and toe curling orgasms).  Her revealing that she likes anal sex once in a while allowed me to have her experiment with anal fingering at first, then some extreme closeup spreads of her very cute private parts and butt, then glass toy penetration both ways.  Eventually getting to the big ball portion of the toy, and pushing her limits anally (with a panty stuffing fetish twist).

Model Comments: (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  With all the clothes she brought in her luggage, the tight tube dress was my choice favorite.  She's not a dress & heels kind of girl, and all her shoes were sandals.  No problem, with those pretty feet the white sandals matched the dress, and gave her a youthful look.  We went to a little resort area with a birdcage, and while got the birds' attention, I shot some upskirt and 'downblouse' peeks.   Some of my favorite photos comes from this portion, even with the overcast day (which helped cool things down on this late summer day).  Daring her to expose herself in a more public place, I had her go topless then completely naked around the parking area of a nearby grocery store.  What you don't see off camera, after we took off, was how like an angry swarm of bees, employees from the store started coming out looking for her.  The old fellow you see in the background as she goes naked probably rushed in to report what was going on.  So we move to another locale, while I try to get her to do some cartwheels and backbends.  She used to be a cheerleader when she was younger, and still retains some of her flexibility -- her attempts are cute to watch.  Then it was time for the vibraking, and since she gets to orgasm more easily if I do the tripod/leave -- I set it up that way but her legs ended up blocking the orgasms.  Then a breast & butt massage (no doubt very cute breasts, nipples and butt) with her attempting to fist (outtake).  She wanted to try it, because her friend Sara attempted it, but there was no way with that tiny vagina of hers that it would ever happen.  She's at best a 3 finger girl.  One last kinky session with a banana, and her getting into it especially while lying on her side.  It really shows how tight her vagina is when the banana gets squashed and unusable by the end.  By the time we got to lunch, it was actually the evening -- here's cell phone pics #1 #2 of the 'dinner'.  No doubt a very cute, sweet-looking girl who enjoys her first time experience, and an anal delight for those of you into that fetish.