Salix KDE 13.37 images are now available to download. This release includes KDE 4.5.5, the same as in Slackware 13.37 and is accompanied by a very rich collection of KDE centric software, all in the size of a CD-ROM sized image.
One major difference since our previous release is the inclusion of the Mozilla FIrefox 5.0 web browser in place of Konqueror. We believe Firefox has improved a lot with its latest releases and provides a better web experience compared to Konqueror. However if any users want Konqueror back, they only have to install the kdebase package using the package manager, replacing the default kdebase-lite package. Another important change is the switch from Kaffeine to Bangarang as the default media player. Bangarang is a powerful and impressive media player for KDE that uses the Gstreamer framework for playing back all kinds of multimedia files. The default GTK theme that is used has also been replaced, with the new one being a perfect match for KDE, providing a uniform look and feel to all applications, being KDE or GTK based.
Other included web applications, are KMail and Ktorrent, which are the main networking applications included in this release, followed by Akregator, an RSS reader for KDE, Kopete, the KDE instant messenger and more. Wicd is used for setting up your wired or wireless networking connections. Other multimedia applications that are included, are Clementine, a powerful yet very fast music player and music library organizer that is inspired by Amarok 1.4 and of course K3b, the best optical disc burning application for Linux systems. The Salix codecs installer application can be used as in any other Salix edition, to quickly and easily install patent encumbered codecs to your system.
The full KOffice suite of office applications is included, with the main applications being KWord, KSpread and KPresenter, together with several other small office applications like KOrganizer, KAddressBook and the Okular document viewer. Of course LibreOffice 3.3.2 is available through the package manager for any users that might want to use that instead.
The graphical system tools known by other Salix editions are present in the KDE edition too, making administrative tasks easy for everyone. Package management is done using the gslapt package manager or the command line equivalent slapt-get. Sourcery, a new graphical tool for managing and installing packages from SlackBuilds has been developed from scratch for Salix. This is a graphical frontend to slapt-src and complements gslapt, the default graphical package manager. More than 2600 SlackBuilds are available for building and installing packages easily with Sourcery. The original Slackware pkgtools are used for 13.37. Spkg is now a separate package and slapt-get/gslapt have been patched to work directly with spkg. This way we get to keep all benefits of using spkg, while maintaining 100% compatibility with Slackware and 3rd party software like sbopkg. Lilosetup, a tool to graphically configure the Lilo boot loader is included too, along with many more tools.
IBus has replaced SCIM as the default input platform for Chinese, Japanese etc. IBus is more modern than SCIM and should work better with all applications, including Mozilla Firefox. The keyboard configuration system tool has been updated to support IBus as well. Xorg has received a major overhaul and it doesn't use hal for configuration anymore. Individual configuration files can be placed in the /etc/X11/xorg.conf.d directory now. The Salix system tools have been updated to support the new configuration scheme. The nouveau driver for nvidia cards is now also included in the default installation, which should provide a better out of the box experience for nvidia users.
As with all Salix editions, the KDE edition can be installed using three different installation modes, “Full”, “Basic” and “Core”. The “Core” installation mode is exactly the same that you get with any other edition of Salix and will install a console-only system that you can use to build a fully customized system. The “Basic” installation mode installs a very basic KDE system, including only the Konqueror web browser, the Gslapt package manager and the Salix system tools. Finally, the “Full” installation mode, features all software that is included in the installation or live images and will install a full featured KDE system.
You can download all Salix KDE iso images from the following links, using the Sourceforge servers, or using a torrent client.

Salix KDE 13.37 (32-bit)
(size: 674 MB, md5: c6f68f018c77d8ce159dcc2ca5670f6e)
Sourceforge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/salix/f ... o/download
torrent: http://salix.enialis.net/i486/13.37/iso ... so.torrent
Salix64 KDE 13.37 (64-bit)
(size: 651 MB, md5: dbadbf6251dbede98ba78510aef0aa5b)
Sourceforge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/salix/f ... o/download
torrent: http://salix.enialis.net/x86_64/13.37/i ... so.torrent

A dvd sized image that includes the full source code of these releases can be found in our downloads page, together with links to all other images offered by Salix: http://www.salixos.org/wiki/index.php/Download
Many thanks to djemos for preparing this release. Have fun!
 
http://www.salixos.org/wiki/index.php?title=Home&redirect=no