 http://bayimg.com/jAEfAAAdI

The Quiet American (1958) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052106/

FULL SCREEN

The Quiet American is a 1958 American film and the first film adaptation of Graham Greene's bestselling novel of the same name, and the first major American attempt to deal with the geo-politics of Indochina. It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and stars Audie Murphy, Michael Redgrave, and Giorgia Moll. It was critically well-received, but was not considered a box office success.

  Audie Murphy  ...  The American  
  Michael Redgrave  ...  Thomas Fowler  
  Claude Dauphin  ...  Inspector Vigot  
  Giorgia Moll  ...  Phuong  
  Bruce Cabot  ...  Bill Granger  
  Fred Sadoff  ...  Dominguez  
  Kerima  ...  Phuong's Sister  
  Richard Loo  ...  Mr. Heng  
  Peter Trent  ...  Eliot Wilkins  
  Georges Bréhat  ...  French Colonel (as Georges Brehat)  
  Clinton Anderson  ...  Joe Morton  
  Yoko Tani  ...  Rendezvous Hostess  
  Nguyen Long  ...  Boy with Mask  
  C. Long Cuong  ...  Boy in Watchtower  
  Tu An  ...  Boy in Watchtower  

In writing the script, Mankiewicz received uncredited input from CIA officer Edward Lansdale, who was often said to be the actual inspiration for the American character—called "Pyle" in the novel but unnamed in this film—played by Murphy.

In a Hollywood still recovering from the effects of the blacklisting of suspected Communists, the film stirred up controversy. Greene was furious that his anti-war message was excised from the film, and he disavowed it as a "propaganda film for America."  The Quiet American was remade in 2002, directed by Philip Noyce, with Brendan Fraser and Michael Caine, in a version more faithful to Greene's novel.

The Quiet American was filmed in Rome's Cinecittà Studios between January 28 and late April 1957, with some location shooting in Saigon, the first time a feature film was shot in Vietnam. The crew had some difficulty filming there — they had to avoid shooting at noon because of the harsh shadows, they had trouble receiving permission to shoot inside a Buddhist temple because of moon's phase, and they indavertantly helped a political protest take place that would otherwise have been shut down by the police, because the authorities assumed it had been staged for the film.

Humphrey Bogart was reported to have been considered to play the lead role, but it was first offered to Montgomery Clift, with Laurence Olivier to play "Fowler". When Clift withdrew for reasons of health, Olivier also left the project.

Graham Greene had been a war correspondant in Indochina, and was critical of the growing American involvement there. By making the character of "Pyle" an aid worker and private citizen and not a representative of the U.S. government, and by focusing on the love triangle aspects of the story instead of the geo-politics of the war, producer-director-writer Joseph L. Mankiewicz significantly diluted the impact of Greene's story, which led the author to disavow the film.

Phoung is a young Vietamese woman, but actress Giorgia Moll is Italian.

The film's dilution of Greene's political point was mentioned by some critics, but the acting was nevertheless noted for its high quality, especially of Michael Redgrave. Also praised were the locations. Writing in the New York Times, Bosley Crowther said: "Scenes shot in Saigon have a vivid documentary quality and, indeed, the whole film has an aroma of genuine friction in the seething Orient."
