Nugus Martin Productions has accumulated probably the best collection of rare and unseen footage of World War II in the world. By using the very latest colorization techniques it is now possible to show the full story of World War II as it has never been fully seen before. With the very latest satellite delivered terrain mapping and state of the art graphics this story can now be told with the very latest access to information which was not previously available to other older series.

Conventional wisdom has recently changed as more and more secrets have been revealed particularly in the last five to ten years as documents, files and photographs have been released. Code breaking revelations, and newly released government papers on both sides of the Atlantic have added a very insightful new dimension to the understanding of this the worlds' greatest ever conflict. Narrated by English actor Robert Powell, WORLD WAR II IN HD COLOUR is a vivid, in-depth experience that provides viewers with new insights and information.

Also Known As: World War II in Colour and HD

Colourisation and Restoration : Westwing Studios Inc.
Executive Producer : Matthew Barrett

Nugus/Martin Productions (2009)

Episode 3 : Britain at Bay
In June 1940, Britain stood alone against the Nazis. Hitler was convinced that it was only a matter of days before it sued for peace. He had more troops, a better air force and the better weapons. This film shows how close Britain came to defeat, as its exhausted air force struggled to fight all the German Luftwaffe. However, because of critical errors by the Luftwaffe commander Hermann Goering, Britain was able to regroup. Then using its brilliant team of code crackers and specially trained spies, it began the fightback, working alongside the resistance movements in the occupied territories.


Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2016 kbps
Video Resolution: 608x352
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.727:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 51:27.720
Number Of Parts: 13
Part Size: 855,058,432 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08