Cyrus (2010)

Verenigde Staten
Komedie / Drama
91 minuten

geregisseerd door Jay Duplass en Mark Duplass
met John C. Reilly, Jonah Hill en Marisa Tomei

Het leven van John is een rommeltje. Zelfs zeven jaar na de breuk met zijn toenmalige vrouw Jamie heeft hij geen orde op zaken gesteld, noch in zijn hart, noch in zijn hoofd. Dan ontmoet hij Molly op een feestje en hij denkt dat hij misschien de perfecte persoon heeft gevonden. Er is alleen een probleem: Cyrus, Molly\'s volwassen zoon. John moet een manier vinden om zijn romance met Molly te laten werken, ondanks de opzettelijke en onopzettelijke interfentie door Cyrus.
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/62249

Storyline

With John's social life at a standstill and his ex-wife about to get remarried, a down on his luck divorcé finally meets the woman of his dreams, only to discover she has another man in her life - her son. Still single seven years after the breakup of his marriage, John has all but given up on romance. But at the urging of his ex-wife and best friend Jamie, John grudgingly agrees to join her and her fiancé Tim at a party. To his and everyone else's surprise, he actually manages to meet someone: the gorgeous and spirited Molly. Their chemistry is immediate. The relationship takes off quickly but Molly is oddly reluctant to take the relationship beyond John's house. Perplexed, he follows her home and discovers the other man in Molly's life: her son, Cyrus. A 21-year-old new age musician, Cyrus is his mom's best friend and shares an unconventional relationship with her. Cyrus will go to any lengths to protect Molly and is definitely not ready to share her with anyone... 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1336617/

File Format: Video_TS folder Pal
File size: 4 .35 GB
Language:  English  5.1
Subtitles; English  Arabic  Dutch French Greek Portuguese Romanian (selectable)
Category : Movie
DVD5 : DVD Rip
Source : Retail
Menu: Yes 
Extra: Yes
Cover Yes
Genre : Komedie / Drama

Enjoy The Movie
