How To Use Phoenix Service Software To Update Your Nokia Phone With The Latest
Firmware.
Things to be kept in mind before installing Phoenix Service Software:

1. Do not connect your phone before installing Phoenix software.

2. Now ensure you have no antivirus software or any other software
running on your pc or in the system tray while you are using
Phoenix. You should turn them off while using Phoenix. Make sure
your system hasnt got any hanging problem.

3. Turn off your screensaver.

4. Charge your phone battery to at least 50%. Although flashing
takes only 8-9 minutes.
Installing Phoenix Service Software 2010:

If you have older version of Phoenix, no need to uninstall it. This
latest version will automatically replace it.

1. Install the software. Be patient, it may take some minutes to install
all the components.

4. Dont run Phoenix software now.

5. Connect your Nokia handset to your pc with USB cable in PC
Suite mode.

6. Windows will start installing the connectivity drivers as soon as
you connect the phone. Let it install completely.
Installing Firmware Files From The Offline Package You Downloaded:

1. If your firmware file is in .rar format, first extract it using WinRar on
desktop.

2. On desktop you will find .exe file of your firmware file.

3. Install the exe file. It will install it to default location of C:\Program
files\Nokia\Phoenix\Products\

4. Be sure you install updated firmware. You cannot downgrade your
phones firmware in BB5 phones which includes all new Nokia
phones including N-Series.

5. Phoenix allows downgrading but your phone doesnt allow it as your phone has some special security built into it. 
So no use of trying it. Youll get an error message.

6. You can reinstall your current firmware also if you have its
package. It is supported. It can also sometimes solve little issues.
I revived my "Dead Phone".

7.Scout the web for latest firmware for your specific phone.

Flashing Procedure [Updating to latest firmware]:

1. Open Phoenix Service Software.

2. Connect your phone in PC Suite Mode.

3. In Phoenix, click File>Manage Connections.

4. Now click New.

5. Now select the type of cable you are using. If you are using DKE-
2, CA-53 [N-Series] cable, select USB.

6. Click Next. It will find your product and say FOUND. If it doesnt
find any, you can try changing your cable type by clicking Back.

7. Click Next and then Finish.

8. Now your cable type [USB] appears in the connection list. Select
it. Click APPLY and then CLOSE.

9. Now select File>Open Product.

10. A list of RM code will open. Select your phones RM code. Like
RM-133 for Nokia N73. Click OK

11. Now select File>Scan Product.

12. Your phones firmware info will appear at the extreme bottom of
the Phoenix window.

13. Now go to Flashing>Firmware Update.

14. A window will open.

15. On that window click Browse button [the one with three dots].

16. A window will open with various products and various regions.
Choose the region or country of your choice according to the
language pack you want to install.

17. Click Ok.

18. Click Refurbish.

19. Now your actual flashing has started. Dont touch your phone or press any button until the flashing has finished. 
Also dont touch your data cable and your computer system.

20. At the end Phoenix will tell you to remove your phone as the
flashing has finished.

21. Now wait for your phone to reboot into latest firmware.

22. The flashing procedure takes 8-9 minutes, a lot faster than Nokia
Software Updater.
Flashing dead phones [Which show only white screen on startup]
Note: You can install any firmware in dead phones whether it is latest and
or the old one.

1. The procedure is the same for flashing Dead phones.

2. Start Phoenix. Connect your phone with USB Cable [phone is off
at this time].

3. Click File>Open Product. Select your RM code from the window
that appears. Click OK.

4. Click File> Manage Connections. Select No Connection. Then
APPLY and CLOSE.

5. Now straight away click Flashing>Firmware Update.

6. A window will open. Click on Browse button [the one with 3 dots].

7. A window will open with various products and various regions.
Choose the region or country of your choice according to the
language pack you want to install.

8. Check the option “Dead Phone USB Flashing.

9. Click Refurbish.

10. Flashing has started.

11. After some seconds flashing will pause asking you to turn your
phone ON.

12. Press POWER button of your phone until backlight comes up.

13. Flashing will proceed.

14. Your phone will automatically start when the flashing finishes.
After finish you can safely remove your data cable from handset.

Important Note: If you want to install another update to your phone after
a new firmware is released, first remove the previous version you installed
in C:\Program files\Nokia\Phoenix\Products\
Just delete all the contents of Products folder before installing a new
firmware.

Enjoy!

*dotSIS*

*[zaeb]*