MAGIX Music Maker MX Premium 18.0.0.42

MAGIXis famous for producing powerful music creation software that can beused by beginners and advanced musicians, and even non-musicians, alike.Anyone who has used previous versions of Music Maker will be aware ofhow the program works. Rather than requiring you to start completelyfrom scratch when it comes to music creation, you are instead providedwith a series of building blocks that can be pieced together to createmusic of any style.

If you want to getcreative, but simply dont know where to start, or dont have access toinstruments of your own, there are more than 1,500 loops and samplesto choose from in the app - if this isnt enough, head to the onlinesound archive where youll find an additional 2,000 sounds. The programalso includes Lead Synth that can be used to create melodies, but theeffects and filter can also be used to create all manner of interestingsounds. Theres also a drum machine on hand to help you create theperfect backbeat, while the Loop Designer enable you to create your ownloops rather than relying on premade samples.

You are notlimited to working with sounds that are included with the program orhave been created by other people and made available online. MAGIXMusic Maker also gives you the option of working with real instruments,or plugging in a microphone to record vocal tracks. Used a recordingstudio in this way, you can turn to MAGIX Music Maker to record and usesamples played on your own instruments, or you can record entireinstrumental tracks and them add special effects and other samples.

The latest generation of music creation software from MAGIX includes acloud component that can be used to make your music creations availableonline. You can store projects in secure online space so you canaccess and edit them from any computer with an internet connection, andyou also have the option of sharing creations online through the likesof YouTube and Facebook. The new range of MX (or Media-X-change) titlealso makes it easier to share data between applications - create apiece of music in Music Maker MX and it can be shared to other MAGIXapps.

This Premium edition of Music Maker MX (v18) includesmore than 2,000 additional sounds and loops as well as impressivelyrealistic guitar sounds and an electric bass instrument. While thestandard version of the software allows for up to 64 tracks in aproject, the Premium edition allows for up to 96. There are also anumber of additional features including an analog compressor andsynthesiser, a copy of Music Editor 3 that can be used to edit samples,and the ability to mix your tracks in 5.1 surround sound.

Home Page - http://www.magix.com



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious        torrents:                                                                 
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                                
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1200+ torrents:                                                                 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
			