------------------
www.SEMLIMITES.ORG
------------------

      Year: 2011

      Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person

      Developer: People Can Fly / Epic Games

      Publisher: Electronic Arts

      Platform: PC

       

      Publication Type: License

      Language: English, Russian, French, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Danish

      Language: English, French, German, Italian, Polish, Spanish

      Tablet: None (check the release date)


      System requirements:

      Operating system: Windows XP SP3/Vista SP2 / 7

      > Processor: Core 2 Duo 1.6 GHz

      Memory: 1.5 GB

      Video Card: 256 MB, GeForce 7600 GS / Radeon HD 2400 Pro, DirectX 10c

      Sound Card: compatible with DirectX 10c

      > Hard drive space: 9 GB

       

      Description:

      New and unique first-person shooters from the developers "Gears of War" and "Painkiller". Epic Games, People Can Fly and Electronic Arts present "Bulletstorm" - first-rate thriller, in a game during which implemented the concept of "Kill a virtuoso." The game takes place in the world of futuristic utopia, where peacekeeping forces seeking to stop the civil war. Because of the betrayal of two soldiers squad command, "Dead Echo" are marginalized. In the role of Grayson Hunt, the player will learn the fighting techniques with a unique weapon and score points for especially good murder - and this is the innovative system "Skilshot" game "Bulletstorm". "Bulletstorm" waiting for you!


      Features:

      ** The scoring system "Skilshot: thanks to the concept of" Kill the masterly "in play" Bulletstorm "perfectly combines a fierce firefight and incredible martial arts techniques. Every enemy - a new opportunity to be creative in the art of killing.

      ** Battle pipeline: "Kill the virtuoso" to earn more points and exchange them for improvements to kill even more brilliantly. System improvements in the game "Bulletstorm" encourages a creative approach to the methods of murder.

      ** Terrible weapons: in the arsenal of the game "Bulletstorm" is the most destructive and lethal weapons - from the rifle, "Peacemaker" to exotic kistemeta.

      ** Modes Echo ("Echo") and Anarchy ("Anarchy"): the arcade mode "echo" to compete with friends outside the network for the best result in their favorite episodes of the campaign and team play for the four participants in the "Anarchy".




NO CRACK INCLUDED! WAIT FOR PROPER CRACK!    

Visit WWW.SEMLIMITES.ORG  for more downloads