Anthony Bruno, Steve Jordan, "CCDA 640-864 Official Cert Guide, 4th Edition" 
C.sco Press | 2011 | ISBN: 1587142570 | 768 pages | PDF | 5.67 MB 

CCDA 640-864 Official Cert Guide is a best of breed Cisco exam study guide that focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCDA DESGN exam. Senior networking experts Anthony Bruno and Steve Jordan share test-preparation procedures, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

CCDA 640-864 Official Cert Guide presents you with an organized test preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. “Do I Know This Already?” quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly.

The companion CD-ROM contains a powerful testing engine that enables you to focus on individual topic areas or take a complete, timed exam. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a topic-by-topic basis, laying out a complete assessment of your knowledge to help you focus your study where it is needed most.

Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, comprehensive design scenarios, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCDA 640-864 Official Cert Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCDA DESGN exam, including:
 Network design methodology
 Network structure models
 Enterprise LAN and data center design
 Enterprise network virtualization
 Wireless LAN design
 WAN technologies and design
 IPv4 and IPv6
 RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP
 Route summarization and route filtering
 Security solutions
 Voice and video design
 Network management protocols