Put this in perspective: 

A.1979's Emotional Rescue was pretty much made up of Some Girls outtakes 

B.1981's excellent Tattoo You was in reality an odds and sods release made up of half forgotten gems recorded throughout the 70's, rescued from the vaults and polished up. 

C.1982's Still Life was the ragged glory live album documenting the 81-82 tour which was probably the most hyped rock extravaganza in history and re-positioned the Stones as arguably the most loved band in the world 

D.In '85 Mick would go solo with She's The Boss 

E.1986 brought arguably the lamest album in the Stones cannon, Dirty Work 

So that leaves us to consider Undercover, the first batch of newly written tracks since 1978's Some Girls (although Too Tough had been hanging around in the vaults since the mid `70's). This was also the first studio release since the universally praised glory of Tattoo You and the '81 tour. Interestingly, the band did not go out of their way to replicate the classic rock sound of Tattoo You but instead tried to re-invent themselves for the 80's, exploring some new and "Modern' sounds. Thankfully, it was a little too early in the Miami Vice decade for the "Modern" production techniques of the era to doom this record to sounding embarrassingly dated (see She's The Boss and Dirty Work for examples of this kind of unfortunate excess). Some of the highlights: 

1.Undercover of the Night: Title track, first single and centerpiece. Definitely the sound of the Stones re-inventing themselves for the 80's. Phased guitars, jungle rhythms and vaguely politically-themed lyrics suggesting the Central American bloodshed dominating the headlines at the time. This song is very catchy, quite rocking, not embarrassing or dated and earns the band points for trying something new and not just phoning in their performance. The band has been known to pull this one out for live performances over the years and is a welcome addition to their concerts. 

2.She Was Hot: Fun, lusty rocker that is good without being great. A little overproduced, this song would have benefited from a more raw production style. This one screams for inclusion in their live set, where it would potentially come into its own as a barn burner ala Respectable or Rip This Joint. 

3.Wanna Hold You: A decent rocker but not one of Keith's greatest songs; not bad either. I'd like to see Keith trot this one out for their next tour. 

4.Too Much Blood: The most `80's song here but in a good way. This is really a Mick song (the bizarre violence story lyrics recorded when he was drunk) with a guitar tech playing the main riff. Definitely intended for the dance floor, this track works and is considered by some Stones freaks as the best song on the record. Surprisingly, this still sounds fresh and not dated although it certainly is of its era. 

5.Pretty Beat Up: This has become my favorite track on the album. Don't believe the Jagger / Richards / Wood credits, this is a Ronnie song that those greedy bastids tacked their names onto. A totally cool 80's dance funk groover that manages to swing and rock at the same time, put this song on loud at your next blowout and watch your guests go nuts. Ronnie has been known to play this live in his solo sets and this is another one that just begs to be played live by the Stones. This is one of the great unappreciated Stones songs, ripe for rediscovery. 

6.Too Tough: This simple rocker has got classic status in its blood but never quite gels. It reminds me of Silver Train, a good song that you just know has greatness in it but never quite arrives. As a side note, a great Portland, OR bar band of the 80's and early 90's, The Batz, used to include this in their set and really made it come to life. 

Nothing really wrong with the rest of the tracks on this album but I think of them as second tier in comparison to the former. As a matter of fact, if these last ones had been saved for Dirty Work, they would have been the highlights of that lackluster record. 

7. Tie You Up (the pain of love): A grinding, riffing groove-rocker. Okay. 

8. Feel On Baby: Another groover with a whiff of the jungle 

9. All The Way Down: The most Tattoo You-feeling track on the album. A generic rocker in the vein of Neighbors 

10. It Must Be Hell: A mid-tempo riff rocker, nothing to get too excited about.

by Christopher Bushman

TRACKLIST:

01 - Undercover Of The Night.wma                                      
02 - She Was Hot.wma                                                  
03 - Tie You Up (The Pain Of Love).wma                                
04 - Wanna Hold You.wma                                               
05 - Feel On Baby.wma                                                 
06 - Too Much Blood.wma                                               
07 - Pretty Beat Up.wma                                               
08 - Too Tough.wma                                                    
09 - All The Way Down.wma                                             
10 - It Must Be Hell.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	