SUBVERSION  Lest We Forget 2011 320kbps mp3
Love the music, support the artist. You can buy their album from itunes or the physical copy from their website (see link below). 
http://subversion.bigcartel.com/        (buy the album here) 
http://www.subversionband.com/         official website 
http://www.last.fm/music/Subversion/Lest+We+Forget

SUBVERSION   Lest We Forget (2011) 320kbps mp3
Release       :   February 2011
Format        :   mp3
Bitrate         :   320kbps
Genre: Experimental / Metal / Soundtracks / Film music
 Subversion are an unsigned six piece Synphonic, experimental, metal band from the South East of England. They take influences from bands such as MESHUGGAH, Sybreed, Equilibrium, STRAPPING YOUNG LAD, Threat Signal and further include their own brand of technical metal, atmospheric synths and varied vocal styles utilising harsh powerful screams and epic melodic vocals.
They have their beginnings back in February, 2008 when two guitarists decided to put something together that was inspired by a love of metal, and a love of film score.
Fusing melody, symphony and technicality the band has created a unique sound that will satisfy those with a taste for experimental metal without fear of symbiosis between other styles of music. 
Subversion have been known to describe themselves as dynamic as they wish to delve in to many genres of music but always combined with the many genres of modern metal so as not to restrict themselves in the creative process and remain in keeping with their love of all things heavy. 
DEBUT ALBUM

Lest We Forget features 16 tracks interwoven with music & sound design (audio art and SFX for film, animation, Television). The idea of sound design in this album is to create the illusion of a movie running through its entirety but via the sole mediums of sound & the accompanied descriptive text (as will be available within the booklet of the CD or downloadable for free for digital purchasers of the album)

The narrative within Lest We Forget tries to portray a lone soldiers fears and struggles after being the sole survivor of an attack on his platoon of men near the opening of the album (Track 2 In To The City). He faces various obstacles as he tries to make it back out from behind enemy lines and this all provided Subversion with the freedom to be really creative with sound, culminating in many hours of Foley work, on location recording and voice acting.
 
HELP FOR HEROES

Such is the nature of the album and the views the band members have on their own armed forces that Subversion has decided to proceed with collecting donations for the Help For Heroes charity from the sale of every single copy of Lest We Forget.

PRESS

¬_They did a great show a couple of weeks ago in London with TesseracT. I think I’m right in saying Subversion have not done that many shows together but you wouldn’t know it if you saw them live, it works on CD it works live, really good up and coming band_ Ian Camfield, XFM Radio (Dec 25, 2010)

_Its the over-the-top choruses and daring bravado that really takes the band to exuberant heights. this is awesome, and is merely a taster of debut album Lest We Forget, due out in June. We can not wait!_   Adam Rees, Metal Hammer Magazine (Apr 07, 2010)

_By combining the melodic and the more technical aspects, they pull off a fully rounded musical experience. What can i say, absolutely immense stuff._   DJ Beerman, Top Rock Radio (Jul 17, 2010)

_A fifteen second monster, throat-tearing scream sets this band apart from their peers and gives Subversion every reason to be place upon on their current pedestal by fans and musicians alike. 81%  _Cream of the Crop_  Danreviewer, Altsounds.com(Apr 05, 2010)

Tracklist
(01) The City Is Hell
(02) In To The City
(03) Seizure
(04) Butchered
(05) To Gain Your Gaze
(06) In Order To Live 
(07) Te Odio
(08) 25 Days
(09) What We Are Entitled
(10) Failed Alliance
(11) Bypass
(12) Ultrinque Parato
(13) Treason (Beyond Forgiveness)
(14) Overwhelming Odds
(15) Lest We Forget
(16) So Many, So Few


Love the music, support the artist. You can buy their album from itunes or the physical copy from their website (see link below). 
http://subversion.bigcartel.com/        (buy the album here) 
http://www.subversionband.com/         official website 
http://www.last.fm/music/Subversion/Lest+We+Forget

