Agent Orange files released

Washington December 21, (AVfM News) Today the files collected by Agent Orange, an MRA who infiltrated a private forum on the Radfem Hub website have been released to the public.

Since AVFM, Antimisandry  and What Men are Saying About Women released stories regarding the leaking of threads at Radfem Hub and subsequently the identification of many of the posters readers, both feminists and MRAs alike, have been anxiously awaiting the promised complete files of screen shots and associated materials collected by Agent Orange. Shortly after the news broke Reddit was on fire with comments in a thread called “mensrights announces their plan to release the private information of RadFem Hub posters,” in which Radfem sympathizers accused Agent Orange of enticing terrorism and violence against the Radfem Hub posters by releasing their personal information.

There have even been threats to get the FBI involved even though there is nothing personal about a Facebook or Linkedin profiles. To date, AVFM has not been contacted by the FBI or any other law enforcement agency.

Radfem Hub and other major sources for feminist news and commentary have remained curiously silent on the matter. There is no mention of the release either on Radfem, Jezebel, Feministe or Feministing as might have been expected considering the comments on Reddit. It is assumed, however that much attention has been paid amongst the feminist community to this story and its developments.

With the publication of the Radfem Data it is expected that more identities will be revealed and also that MRAs and other interested parties in the broader press will write about the postings and the implications for the public perception of feminism.


NOTE: The information contained within this website is purely for informational purposes only. Listed are screen snaps taken from a feminist website hidden from public view. The contents of which are disturbing to any rational person. However, these feminists rely on anonymity in order to promote misandry. The contents of this site simply reveal the real people behind the feminists promoting murder, genital mutilation, hate-campaigns and general bigotry towards men, transgender men (m2f) and even baby boys. This site does NOT condone misuse of information and we absolutely do NOT condone any form of physical action against anyone named within the files.


