This is from the WB DVD Archive that they create it made to order only.  It is in widescreen and I have not altered the image quality.  It is my first Torrent. 

It contains the VOB, IFO, and BUP files.  There is a JPEG of the dvd cover as well.

The case says that this disc will play on some dvd players, but not all, and it may not play on PC's.  I had no problem playing it on my Xbox360 or ripping it on my laptop. So I doubt you will have any problems.

PLEASE SEED THIS ONCE YOU DOWNLOAD!!!! I have crappy wireless and I don't know how reliable it will be if I seed it.

If you like this torrent go to: 
http://www.wbshop.com/Whos-Killing-the-Great-Chefs-of-Europe/1000179732,default,pd.html
and order your copy. It takes about a week to order and receive it.  It is worth paying for.

The following is from the WB website:  
    

Who's Killing the Great Chefs of Europe (DVD)
Made To Order DVD :: WIDESCREEN

Available Date: 7/6/09
    
    George Segal, Jacqueline Bisset and Robert Morley top the bill of fare in this food- and fun-filled mystery garnished with wit. Segal plays a glib fast-food tycoon and Bisset is his ex-wife, a pa... More

    Director: Ted Kotcheff

    Cast: George Segal, Jacqueline Bisset, Robert Morley, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Philippe Noiret
    Theatrical Release Date: 10/05/1978
    Important Note: This film has been manufactured from the best-quality video master currently available and has not been remastered or restored specifically for this DVD and Digital Download release. 
    
Ships to U.S. Destinations Only

    Studio: Warner Bros.
    Theatrical Release Date: 10/05/1978
    Screen Aspect: 16 X 9 FULL FRAME
    Run Time: 112 minutes
    Packaging Type: Amaray Case
    Copyright:

    Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe? © 1978, Package Design © 2009 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved.
    Genre: Contemporary Comedy

Synopsis:

George Segal, Jacqueline Bisset and Robert Morley top the bill of fare in this food- and fun-filled mystery garnished with wit. Segal plays a glib fast-food tycoon and Bisset is his ex-wife, a pastry chef who may become the last course in an enigmatic killer’s banquet of death. Morley has a tasty field day as an acerbic gourmet magazine publisher whose cascading series of chins and stomachs bear witness to his love of fine dining. But the mogul’s doctors have ordered him to give up his favorite dishes – and one by one the chefs who create those dishes are slain in the manner of their specialties. Phillipe Noiret, Jean-Pierre Cassel and Jean Rochefort give delicious support, as does a mouth-watering array of wild mushrooms, plump pigeons, shiny artichokes, rich chocolate and more gastronimical delights. Dig in!



PLEASE SEED THIS ONCE YOU DOWNLOAD!!!!
PLEASE SEED THIS ONCE YOU DOWNLOAD!!!!
PLEASE SEED THIS ONCE YOU DOWNLOAD!!!!
PLEASE SEED THIS ONCE YOU DOWNLOAD!!!!