Bill Frisell - Solos - The Jazz Sessions (2008) [DVD5][NTSC][Concert]
 
http://www.dvdempire.com/Exec/v4_item.asp?item_id=1541118

Studio  MVD Visual 
Orig Year  2008 
Release Date  Aug 24, 2010 
Running Time  61 mins
Genre: Jazz, Guitar
Category  Pop Music Videos DVDs, Jazz Movies, Music Video Videos, Music (General), Concert, Performing Arts, Guitarists, Guitars, Interviews 
Performer(s)  Bill Frisell 

Category  Pop Music Videos DVDs, Jazz Movies, Music Video Videos, Music (General), Concert, Performing Arts, Guitarists, Guitars, Interviews 
Performer(s)  Bill Frisell 

An up-close portrayal of Frisell, filmed by Daniel Berman at the Berkeley Church in Toronto. This rare solo session features an intimate look into his electric guitar and looping wizardry, and includes an exclusive interview with Frisell. On the taping of Solos Frisell comments, "It's a weird thing playing solo. I live for the interaction with other musicians because when you put something out there, you get something in return, and you are able to build momentum. When you perform solo, it just goes out into space, and you have to come up with ideas right away to follow it up. I learned to allow silence when playing by myself. There's really something special about one person sitting and playing guitar. I'm really happy with how this project turned out. Daniel created such an amazing atmosphere in which to play music."
As shot by Daniel Berman at the Berkeley Chuch of Toronto, Ontario, this documentary-cum-performance film pays homage to modern creative-world fusion guitarist Bill Frisell. The film begins with a solo set featuring Frisell's interpretations of such tunes as "Keep Your Eyes Open," "Shenandoah," "Poem for Eva," and "Ron Carter." In the second half, Berman then features an intimate and revealing interview with Frisell, where he discusses his feelings about music and his approach to performance.



Tracklist:

01. Keep Your Eyes Open
02. Shenandoah
03. Throughout
04. Wildwood Flower Variations
05. Ron Carter
06. Poem for Eva
07. Boubacar

NTSC DVD5  
English  
720x480 
MPEG-2 @9000Kpbs 
Audio #1: AC-3 @448Kpbs 6 CHs 
Audio #2: AC-3 @192Kpbs 2 CHs

 
