Typing Instructor Platinum is the new typing leader! This program uses the latest technology to provide an educational, entertaining, and motivating experience for beginners and intermediate - even advanced typists, with creative learning themes, fast moving, arcade-style games, educational learning plans with seamless progression, and several motivating features that keep typists engaged in earning rewards, collecting points, and winning games. Typists may learn in English or Spanish.

Learn to Type or Improve Your Typing Skills - Guaranteed!
Typing Instructor Platinum is a highly innovative and powerful program designed to teach young children, teens, and adults to type, and to help typists strengthen and improve their keyboarding skills. Typists may choose from the twenty educational typing plans, tailored for both keyboard and numeric keys and symbols, with or without games - there is even a kids typing plan! In addition, typists can create their own personal lesson plans.

Exciting Travel Adventures Make Learning to Type Fun!
Typing Instructor Platinum takes typists out of the traditional classroom setting, on a thematic adventure, where they learn to type on a world travel trip, a photo safari, or a time travel trip. Typists begin their trip from the Travel Port, where they travel through several time zones around the world. Lessons, tests, and game challenges motivate typists to improve their typing skills so they can advance in the program, visit unique and exciting places, win game challenges, post high game scores, and collect stamp rewards for their travel passports. Learn in Spanish or English.

Multi-Play, Multi-Level Games Set a New Standard in Entertainment!
The program's games are not only challenging and fun, but are designed to teach specific typing skills, such as speed, accuracy, rhythm, dexterity, and retention. The program boasts the first narrative adventure typing game, Treasures of the Sunken City. 

Proven Typing Techniques Improve Speed & Accuracy
Typing Instructor Platinum is an award-winning product! It is the most complete typing program available, with the perfect compliment of education, entertainment, and motivation, to teach you how to type or quickly improve your typing skills.

Award-Winning Instruction Featuring 20+ Typing Plans
Whether you are a beginner, intermediate, or advanced typist, Typing Instructor Platinum has professionally designed lessons to meet your learning needs. Choose from the suggested plan, 20 other typing plans, or design your own personal typing plan with lessons, tests and games from Typing Instructor Platinum, or you can import your own materials - even your own music!

Over 100+ Professional Lessons & Tests Improve Speed & Accuracy Quickly
Quality Lessons and Tests allow you to learn quickly for faster touch-typing and improved accuracy. The use of repetitive keystroking builds correct finger-to-key memory. Step-by-step Lessons and Tests are dynamically built from learned letters and words to build accurate typing skills.

Progress Reports Quickly Identify Your Strengths & Weaknesses
A variety of graphs and charts show your proficiency over time. View results for each finger, row, key, or hand separately. You can even view your personal results for all typing activities. No typing product maintains your information so completely.

Dynamic Learning Feature Helps you Improve Weak Areas
Typing Instructor Platinum's Dynamic Learning feature evaluates your Typing Results to determine weak typing skill areas. Once identified, Typing Instructor automatically creates specific lessons for you, to improve your weak areas. You will improve quickly by focusing on the areas that need the most improvement.

Create Your Own Personal Learning Plan!
Typing Instructor Platinum lets you build your own Typing Plans. These plans can include lessons, tests, articles, and games, even your own music (MP3 and other formats), and your own typing materials.

An Exciting Typing Adventure Makes Learning Fun
Learn to type the new and exciting way with Typing Instructor Platinum. Visit 36 destinations around the world on 3 unique travel themes. Take a break from your trip anytime and visit the Practice area where you can play challenging multi-level, multi-play games in the arcade, practice typing magazine articles and literature, practice dictation, or design and practice personal lessons. 

Multi-Play Games Set a New Standard in Entertainment!
Fun, challenging, entertaining games offer multiple ways to play games for typists of all levels. Choose the time length, the words-per-minute, the level of difficulty, and, in some games, an opponent! Typing Instructor Platinum has over 30+ game challenges. 

Multi-Level Games Offer Excitement & Challenge
Type the words on each pillar of the pyramid to change it to a new color before the enemies ruin your plans in Ziggy. Use your retention and typing skills to find gold and jewels in Treasures of the Sunken City. Beware of giant sea creatures in Typing with Sharks and learn to type quickly and accurately to keep your submarine intact. Improve your key stroking by zapping space debris in Flotsam Fighter and advance to the next level or fly through the skies in Diamond Glider's rhythm typing adventure to collect diamonds and advance through four easy-to-difficult levels of play. All of Typing Instructor Platinum's games have multiple levels of play to keep typing challenges fun and motivating. 

Rewarding Experiences Motivate You to Keep Practicing
Typing Instructor Platinum measures your progress and provides the incentives you need to improve your skills. You are rewarded as you advance to each new level. Entertaining travel themes, passport stamps and safari photo souvenirs, progress charts and graphs, and exciting, multi-level typing games, motivate you to meet your typing goals quickly and proficiently.

Travel Destinations Provide a Fun Filled Adventure
Collect visas, time stamps, and photos in your Typing Passport as you travel to 36 different destinations around the world and through time.

Magazine Articles Keep Your Typing Skills Sharp
Learn and improve while you practice your typing skills. Choose your practice material from exciting articles on subjects such as sports, entertainment, medicine, classic literature, and more.

Create Your Own Personalized Typing Plan
Typing Instructor Platinum is the only program that allows you to create your own lessons, tests, and articles - even add your own music! Create your own personalized Typing Plans. 
