 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0436889/

This is a marvellous scene of a woman enjoying sex in what is incredible
effusive spirit that seems to completely nourish her for the few minutes
involved. (She is imagining she is with someone other than who she is with -
without any doubt whatsoever!) She wants virility that is supportive
appreciative and non-judgmental of any perceived lack of perfection in her. 
She is after all as close as it gets to supreme beauty in the human sphere.

The actual truth is that the chemistry here in this clip is going to result
in "brain damage" and eventual muted responding emotively once the full effects
of the interaction are aborbed and fully realized.

Sex is not just about physical stamina, it isnt at all about getting "fucked"
in some evil way of thinking - or what have you. 

Anyone can hit you over the head with a mallet and call it a good
enough thrill. Then again, it sometimes is concealed as some other
experience in fact, based on propaganda that is wickedly being disseminated
on these matters by those that have gone inane and wish to destroy what
is left of the best of our Human spirits - and Nina Hoss is exacly that!
(the best of women that are left on this planet at this godforsaken
point in the history of man)


Sex requires first and foremost, a willingness to care in what is fully 
consensual, reciprocative, compatible, and loving exchange of emotive support
and care. What follows physically is the right manifestation of this.

An athlete is not a better person for being able to run faster, jump higher
or breathe deeper. That is superficial flooze in human thinking on any such
matters.


To deserve to be in this clip, what a man must have firstly, is
the qualification of being the protector of her spirit on this earth -
to such an extent as to be validly with merit in respect of having met that
most basic of requirements from which to prove himself even worthier 
than that starting point as it were. She has uniquely supreme intelligence
and human warmth and genuine sensibilities that will be alien to most
that lack this in basic respects and so they will too not make the grade
and are for crissakes not any better simply based on having tried for the
complete opposite of what is fair merit for certain to say!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo


HD 1280 X 720p 1411k audio