Best Picture - 1952 - The Greatest Show on Earth (Charlton Heston, Dorothy Lamour, Jimmy Stewart)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1433kbps 
Duration.............: 2:32:32
Resolution...........: 640*464 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 60 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 1 
Filesize.............: 1,723,561,984 
SUBTITLES............: English, Spanish
 
http://bayimg.com/PakLEAAdo
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044672/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth


UPLOADERS NOTE - This film was currently unavailable on DVD, so I could not rip it myself. This is someone else's torrent, all I did was document it to make the collection complete. Thanks to the OP.


The Greatest Show on Earth is a 1952 drama film set in the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. The film was produced, directed, and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille, and won the Academy Award for Best Picture. Its storyline is supported by lavish production values, actual circus acts, and documentary, behind-the-rings looks at the massive logistics effort which made big top circuses possible.

The film stars Betty Hutton and Cornel Wilde as trapeze artists competing for the center ring, and Charlton Heston as the circus manager running the show. James Stewart also stars as a mysterious clown who never removes his make-up, even between shows.

In addition to the film actors, the real Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey's Circus' 1951 troupe appears in the film, with its complement of 1400 people, hundreds of animals, and 60 carloads of equipment and tents. The actors learned their respective circus roles and participated in the acts.

Adjusted for inflation, the film's box office is among the highest-grossing films in the United States and Canada.

A television series, also called The Greatest Show on Earth, was inspired by the film, but with Jack Palance in the role of Charlton Heston's character. The program ran on Tuesday evenings for thirty episodes on ABC during the 1963—1964 season.

Cast

Betty Hutton 	as Holly
Cornel Wilde 	as The Great Sebastian
Charlton Heston as Brad Braden
James Stewart 	as Buttons the Clown
Dorothy Lamour 	as Phyllis
Gloria Grahame 	as Angel
Henry Wilcoxon 	as FBI Agent Gregory
Lyle Bettger 	as Klaus
Lawrence Tierney as Mr. Henderson
Brad Johnson 	as unnamed reporter


The film features about 85 Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus acts, including clowns Emmett Kelly and Lou Jacobs, midget Cucciola, bandmaster Merle Evans and aerialist Antoinette Concello.

There are a number of unbilled cameo appearances (mostly in the circus audiences) including and Bob Hope and Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour's co-stars in the Road to... movies. William Boyd appears in his usual guise of Hopalong Cassidy. Danny Thomas, Van Heflin and Noel Neill are seen as circus patrons, among others. Leon Ames is seen and heard in the train wreck sequence. However, the plot and cameos play second fiddle to the documentary-like look at The Greatest Show On Earth in its last years under canvas.

A barker, kept anonymous until the very end, is heard in the closing moments of the film. The voice is finally revealed to be that of Edmond O'Brien.

AWARDS

At the 25th Academy Awards, the movie won Oscars for Best Picture (earning that recognition over films such as High Noon and The Quiet Man and the classic Singin' in the Rain) and for Best Story. It received nominations for Best Director, Best Film Editing, and Best Costume Design, Color.

Many consider this film among the worst to have ever won the Academy Award for Best Picture. The American film magazine Premiere placed the movie on its list of the 10 worst Oscar winners and the British film magazine Empire rated it #3 on their list of the 10 worst Oscar winners. It has the second lowest spot on Rotten Tomatoes' list of the 81 films to win Best Picture.

There have been allegations that the film's Best Picture Oscar was due to the political climate in Hollywood in 1952. Senator Joseph McCarthy was pursuing Communists at the time, and Cecil B. DeMille was one of his supporters[citation needed]; another Best Picture nominee, High Noon, was produced by Carl Foreman, who would soon be on the Hollywood blacklist.

Another likely reason The Greatest Show On Earth was voted Best Picture of 1952 was that it was seen as a "last chance" vote for Cecil B. DeMille, to honor him for a lifetime of film making going well back into the silent movie era. DeMille's best work had been done before the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences was created. It may be that the members of the Academy (which included many veterans of the silent era) felt that as an elder statesman of Hollywood, he deserved the honor even if films like The Quiet Man, High Noon, Singing' in the Rain, Ivanhoe and Seven Brides for Seven Brothers were seen as better than The Greatest Show On Earth.