                      S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                          .the leading force.

                            proudly presents
    Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad (c) Tripwire Interactive


  14-09-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...............Steam
  FPS..................Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD


  RELEASE NOTES


 Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad, the leading tactical multiplayer
 WWII shooter on the PC, will take the award winning Red Orchestra
 franchise into the next generation of gaming. Cutting edge graphics and
 audio built using the Unreal Engine 3, inventive features and
 streamlined realism will deliver an unrivalled tactical shooter
 experience.

 Heroes of Stalingrad will focus on the Battle of Stalingrad and the
 surrounding operations, both German and Russian, from July 1942 to
 February 1943. The game allows the player to experience one of the most
 brutal battles in all of human history. Delivering unrivalled accuracy
 and attention to detail, along with gritty, vicious combat in
 multiplayer and single-player modes the game will feature everything
 from quick, brutal firefights to more intricate and challenging
 tactical modes.

 Features:

 Red Orchestra multiplayer taken to new heights: The brutal, gritty Red
 Orchestra gameplay has been enhanced, expanded and made more
 accessible. Gameplay modes as instantly recognizable as Firefight
 (Tripwire's take on Team Death Match), single-life gaming redefined in
 Countdown mode - and the Territory mode already beloved by the hundreds
 of thousands of Red Orchestra players worldwide.

 Stalingrad Campaign: Before heading online hone your skills in one of
 two campaigns that recreate the battle for Stalingrad from both the
 German and Russian sides. Featuring open non-linear environments and
 unscripted gameplay players make their own path through the
 battlefield.

 Heroes: Achieve the ultimate goal and become a Hero online. Players
 with hero status inspire troops around them and cause fear in their
 enemies. Heroes have access to the best and rarest weapons and will
 stand out visually from the rest of the soldiers.

 First person cover system: Experience the ultimate firefights that a
 cover system allows, from the immersion of a first person view. Peek or
 blind fire over and around cover and more.

 Unique Focus  the Battle of Stalingrad in depth: takes the familiar
 WWII genre into a unique direction. Far removed from the well-trodden
 Normandy setting, gameplay is based on fresh scenarios and actions the
 player has never experienced before. Follow the German army as they
 assault the city of Stalingrad, to the banks of the Volga. Follow the
 Soviet army as it holds the city against all the odds then destroys the
 Axis forces.

 WWII weaponry redefined: true to life ballistics, bullet penetration,
 breathing, adjustable sights, free aim, weapon bracing, photo-real
 graphics and more, create WWII weaponry that has no equal.

 Immersive First Person Tank Warfare: experience what it was like to
 fight inside one of these metal beasts in WWII with the most immersive
 first person tank warfare ever created. Fully modeled 3d interiors, a
 full AI crew, and advanced armor and damage systems create a unique
 tanking experience.

 Morale: Experience what it is like to be a soldier in one of the
 bloodiest conflicts in history and the importance of a soldier's state
 of mind and how it can turn the tide of battle. Suppress your enemies
 and gain the advantage in combat!

 Persistent Stats Tracking and Player Progression: Persistence
 constantly gives the gamer something to strive for and keeps them
 playing. Grow in rank, earn achievements, improve your abilities, and
 become a Hero!

 Enhanced Unreal  Engine  3: Built on an enhanced version of Unreal
 Engine 3 the game features cutting edge visuals and features.


  INSTALL NOTES


 1. Unpack the release
 2. Mount or burn image
 3. Install
 4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
 5. Play the game
 6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


  GREETINGS


 To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!


                                ascii art by the
                              godlike & terrific duo
                                  malodix + irokos
                                    titan artdivision