For a limited time, you are all invited to join me at hxxp://www.blu-bits.com/ (http)

Registrations are open until September 20th 2011.
















Jean Vigo had bad health since he was a child. Son of anarchist militant Miguel Almareyda, he also never really recovered from his father's mysterious death in jail when he was 12. Abandoned by his mother, he passed from boarding school to boarding school. Aged 23, through meetings with people involved in the movies, he started working in the cinema, then bought a camera and shot his first film, a short documentary, À propos de Nice (1930) then, two years later, Taris (1931) (aka Taris champion de natation). These two very personal works frighten the producers, and it lasted two years before someone showed some interest in his project of a children movie. This would be his masterpiece, Zero de Conduite (1933) (aka Zero for Conduct), a subversive despiction of an authoritarian boarding school, which directly came from Vigo's memories. The film is straightaway censored for its "anti-French spirit." In despair, he nevertheless shot L'Atalante (1934), a romantic and realistic story of a young couple beginning their life together in a barge. He died just afterward of septicemy. His work would not be recognized before 1945. This accursed filmmaker is now admired for his poetic realism.


Title: Concerning Nice 
Original title: À propos de Nice 
Released: 1930 
Genre: Documentary, Short 
Director: Jean Vigo 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0021576/

The story: 

The best way to give a brief description of the film? Among the papers preserved some semblance of Vigo press release. "Jean Vigo and Boris Kaufman had just finished a film on" The Nice ". Blue sky, white houses, a dazzling sea, sun, flowers of various hues, a heart full of happiness: Now, at first glance, the atmosphere of Nice. But this is only an appearance of pleasure, the appearance of an ephemeral, fleeting, and imbued with death. In addition to this "mundane" aspects of the young writers on "The Nice" tried to show the evolution of the city. " This press release discloses very little of the intentions of Vigo. Later, when he will be seeking to bring in 'Nice' is a bit excessive ideological ambitions, it is more accurately define the idea of the film. 



Name: Taris, the king of water 
Original title: Taris, L'Eau de ROI 
Released: 1931 
Genre: Documentary, Short 
Director: Jean Vigo 
Starring: Jean Taris 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0022462/

The story: 

A short documentary about a French swimmer Janet Taris. 



Title: Zero for conduct 
original name: Zéro de conduite 
Released: 1933 
Genre: Short, Drama, Comedy 
Director: Jean Vigo 
Starring: Jean Doust Robert Le Flon, Du Verrone, Delphin, Léon Larive, Madame Emile Louis de Gonzague, Rafael Dilijan, Louis Lefebvre, Gilbert Pryushon 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0024803/

plot of the film: 

Nil for behavior means that do not go home on Sunday - the most severe punishment in a closed, strict College for Boys. The boys declare war on teachers and arrange for the incredible antics. 



Name: Atalanta 
Original title: L'Atalante 
Released: 1934 
Genre: Drama 
Director: Jean Vigo 
Starring: Michel Simon, Dita Parley, Jean Dusty, Gilles Margaritis, Louis Lefebvre, Maurice Gilles, Rafael Dilijan Avlin Claude, René Blech, Fanny Clark 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0024844/

plot of the film: 

unpretentious everyday story of his marriage Captain barge "Atalanta" by Jean at village girl Juliette, and their wedding trip to France via Paris, accompanied by the cabin boy, silly and awkward "sea wolf" Pere Jules, as well as young quarrel, separation and happy reunion in the finale ... 

Technical Specs
Blu-ray
BD-50 Dual-Layer Disc

Video Resolution/Codec
1080p/AVC MPEG-4

Aspect Ratio(s)
1.37:1

Audio Formats
French LPCM 1.0 (48 kHz / 1152 kbps / 24-bit) {Score for À propos de Nice by Marc Perrone, from 2001}

Subtitles/Captions
English

Supplements
New high-definition digital restorations of all four of Jean Vigo’s films (with uncompressed monaural soundtracks on the Blu-ray edition)
Audio commentaries featuring Michael Temple, author of Jean Vigo
Score for À propos de Nice by Marc Perrone, from 2001
Alternate edits from À propos de Nice, featuring footage cut by Vigo
Episode of the French television series Cinéastes de notre temps about Vigo, from 1964
Conversation from 1968 between filmmakers François Truffaut and Eric Rohmer on L’Atalante
Animated tribute to Vigo by filmmaker Michel Gondry
Les voyages de “L’Atalante,” film restorer and historian Bernard Eisenschitz’s 2001 documentary tracking the history of the film
Video interview from 2001 with director Otar Iosseliani on Vigo
New and improved English subtitle translations 