Season 1, Episode 1: Pilot
Original Air Date—29 August 2005
Michael Scofield is imprisoned in Fox River State Penitentiary. He finds his brother, Lincoln Burrows, who is a death row prisoner, and tells him that he is going to break them both out of the prison.


Season 1, Episode 2: Allen
Original Air Date—29 August 2005
Trouble is inevitable in the prison, with a race riot imminent. Michael has problems retrieving a screw from the bleachers. Veronica receives a security tape that shows Lincoln shooting Terrence Steadman.


Season 1, Episode 3: Cell Test
Original Air Date—5 September 2005
Two steps forward and one step back. Michael gets Abruzzi on his side and proves Sucre's trustworthiness, but then loses a valuable piece of his plan.


Season 1, Episode 4: Cute Poison
Original Air Date—12 September 2005
Michael gets more of the tools and people he needs, but someone very high up has taken notice and started wondering what he's up to.


Season 1, Episode 5: English, Fitz or Percy
Original Air Date—19 September 2005
Michael gains a necessary piece of information to effect his escape, but can he keep the Warden from kicking him out?


Season 1, Episode 6: Riots, Drills and the Devil: Part 1
Original Air Date—26 September 2005
Michael's idea to get more drilling time by provoking a lock-down backfires horribly.


Season 1, Episode 7: Riots, Drills and the Devil: Part 2
Original Air Date—3 October 2005
Michael saves Dr. Tancredi from the rioting prisoners, but Lincoln and Veronica are in need of their own rescue.


Season 1, Episode 8: The Old Head
Original Air Date—24 October 2005
Veronica and LJ must go into hiding, while Michael unwittingly provides Westmoreland's motivation to aid the escape.


Season 1, Episode 9: Tweener
Original Air Date—31 October 2005
With Abruzzi becoming more desperate to regain authority within the prison, it seems that Fibonacci's number is up.


Season 1, Episode 10: Sleight of Hand
Original Air Date—7 November 2005
Michael hands over an address to Falzone, allowing work to resume on the tunnel. Meanwhile, the VP enlists the help of a dangerous specialist.


Season 1, Episode 11: And Then There Were 7
Original Air Date—14 November 2005
Michael gets a visit from his wife, while Veronica and Nick get a visit from Quinn.


Season 1, Episode 12: Odd Man Out
Original Air Date—21 November 2005
C-Note overhears Michael and Lincoln discussing that there are too many fugitives for available time and they share the information with the group telling that one shall be left behind. T-Bag feels threatened and calls his cousin James Bagwell, disclosing the escape plan and asking James to call the Warden Pope in case T-Bag does not contact him later. Abruzzi asks his outside man to kidnap James, but things go wrong and the mobster kills James and his five years old son Jimmy. Abruzzi feels guilty for the death of the child and feels the need of God's forgiveness, but T-Bag betrays Abruzzi like Judas. Meanwhile Veronica and LJ bring Nick to the hospital and while in surgery, LJ escapes to see the funeral of his mother. Daniel Hale sees the teenager in the cemetery but he does not arrest him; later he tells his wife that they should move to West and gives an anonymous call to Veronica scheduling a meeting in the Highland Cafe. Maricruz tells Sucre that she is pregnant but she will marry Hector. Captain Bellick presses David to rat Michael telling everything he says. Michael tests the escape plan and informs the group that they are ready to go that night, but Lincoln was sent to solitary confinement protecting his brother.


Season 1, Episode 13: End of the Tunnel
Original Air Date—28 November 2005
The escape is about to go through when the team hits a stainless steel snag, while Veronica is just a moment too late to get all the information she needs to prove Lincoln's innocence.


Season 1, Episode 14: The Rat
Original Air Date—20 March 2006
With the pipe to the infirmary replaced and Lincoln's life hanging in the balance, Michael must rethink his plan to escape and save his brother's life. A fellow inmate may hold the key to preventing Lincoln's execution.


Season 1, Episode 15: By the Skin and the Teeth
Original Air Date—27 March 2006
Michael's plan to escape has failed. While Lincoln is strapped to the electric chair, he sees an oddly familiar face in the crowd. Is there one last hope to save Lincoln's life, or has his journey reached an end?


Season 1, Episode 16: Brother's Keeper
Original Air Date—3 April 2006
Flashbacks provide exposition on how the inmates arrived at Fox River Penitentiary from The Company's framing of Lincoln to the creation of Michael's plan to save his brother's life.


Season 1, Episode 17: J-Cat
Original Air Date—10 April 2006
Having burned his shoulder, Michael's tattoo that showed the path through psych ward is now incomplete. With another inmate intimidated into snitching about the escape plans, Michael Scofield must use his wits to find a new way out of Fox River.


Season 1, Episode 18: Bluff
Original Air Date—17 April 2006
Improvising a new plan, Michael seeks out an acquaintance who may hold the key to his escape plan. In gen pop, the other members of the P.I. crew learn that the guards are auctioning Michael's cell to the highest bidder. Lincoln and Sucre devise a scheme to get Michael returned to gen pop. Veronica informs Lincoln that L.J will be tried for his mother's murder, and Lincoln desires to see his son.


Season 1, Episode 19: The Key
Original Air Date—24 April 2006
After the crash, Kellerman tries to suffocate Lincoln, but he is saved in the last moment by a stranger. Sucre leaves the solitary confinement and Michael tells to his partners that he has completed the map, but he needs the key of the infirmary. Abruzzi is back to Fox River, apparently converted in a religious man. Warden Pope sends Captain Bellick to find Lincoln before notifying the authorities. Nick tries to convince Veronica that they are losing time checking the calls of Quinn's cell phone. Michael kisses Sara and asks her to wait for him. Tweener is in trouble with Avocado and he castrates the abuser. Lincoln sees that the stranger is actually his father, and he explains that he worked for the powerful Company, and Lincoln is a victim of a big plot against him. He had leaked information of EcoField and they used Lincoln to force him to show off. Michaels asks for help to Nika. Veronica finds many calls from Montana. The Vice-President tells her brother that he is alive just because of her, and he replies that he does not understand how they have not killed her yet. Abruzzi meets T-Bag and asks him to forget everything, and they seal truce. Nika seeks out Sara and tells her life and how Michael helped her, but she actually steals Sara's key. A guy sees the Mustang in a junkyard where Aldo and Lincoln are hidden, but Kellerman bugs the conversation and goes to the spot. However, the police arrive and Captain Bellick arrests Lincoln, saving him from Kellerman. Sara seeks her key and recalls her meeting with Nika Volek; she calls maintenance service to replace the lock. Nick works for Abruzzi. Michael invites David and he betrays the plan to Captain Bellick. Lincoln is back to Fox River under 24 hours surveillance.


Season 1, Episode 20: Tonight
Original Air Date—1 May 2006
Westmoreland uses Bellick to plug a hole in the escape plan, which forces Michael to move up the breakout timetable. A fearful Tweener pledges his loyalty to Michael and in return may get out of jail for free; Michael feels that he has no choice but to involve Sara in the plan and must betray his father figure; and Veronica finds her life in jeopardy from her closest ally, who has a surprising connection to a Fox River inmate.


Season 1, Episode 21: Go
Original Air Date—8 May 2006
Dr. Sarah questions if she should leave a light on and the door open for Michael, who must betray the Pope in order to carry out his escape plan. Veronica finds evidence that points her to Montana, but realizes that her closest ally may actually be her greatest enemy. Michael, Lincoln and the other inmates make a break for it, but after the alarm is sounded, find out who will make it over the wall, who will be left behind and who will leave the prison in a body bag.


Season 1, Episode 22: Flight
Original Air Date—15 May 2006
As the escape continues, lives are lost and Pope and Bellick do everything in their power to capture the convicts.