About the Game
One of the main routes of the old Great Western Railway, the Bristol – Exeter line is 85 miles long and dates back to the 1840s. Currently the principal operator on the route is First Great Western, with high-speed trains providing fast services from London through to the West Country and multiple units handling local stopping services. This expansion pack recreates this wonderful line from Bristol Temple Meads to Exeter St Thomas, with all 12 stations in between plus all the cuttings, hills and valleys which make this such a scenic route. With a choice of free-roams and scheduled scenarios, there is plenty to keep you occupied throughout this beautifully-detailed expansion pack.


Includes
85 miles of track to drive, including mainline from Bristol Temple Meads to Exeter St Thomas and Weston-super-Mare loop

Fully functional animated level crossings

Non-drivable rolling stock placed along the route including Class 20, Class 60, Rail Head Treatment Train, FNA Nuclear Flask, IWB Cargowaggon, Autoballaster and YGB Seacow.

14 detailed stations:

Bristol Temple Meads
Bedminster
Parson St.
Nailsea & Backwell
Yatton
Worle
Weston Milton
Weston-Super-Mare
Highbridge & Burnham
Bridgwater
Taunton
Tiverton Parkway
Exeter St Davids
Exeter St Thomas

Eight Scenarios:
Fairwater Shunt - Shunt wagons in Fairwater Yard in preparation for the daily Enterprise train.
Northward Bound - Drive a slightly late running Arriva Cross Country service from Exeter St Davids to Bristol Temple Meads.
Snow on the Blackdowns - Heavy snow is falling over Somerset and you must take the snowploughs out to clear the line between Taunton and Exeter.
Test Run - First Great Western are testing a Class 166 as a possible Class 158 replacement on their Cardiff – Exeter route. You must drive this Class 166 from Bristol Temple Meads to Exeter St Davids.
The Cornish Explorer - 55022 Royal Scots Grey has made a visit to Cornwall from the Midlands for the day. You must take the return trip from Exeter St Davids to Bristol Temple Meads.
The Fawley Tanks - Drive the Fawley-Tavistock Junction tank train from Cogload Junction to Exeter Riverside where you will need to shunt some of the TTA wagons.
The Torbay Express - Summer is approaching and that can only mean one thing - the Torbay Express! You must drive this semi-regular rail tour from Bristol Temple Meads to Exeter St Davids with 45407 at the helm.
The Merchant Venturer - Drive the 09:00 Paddington-Penzance service from Bristol Temple Meads to Exeter St Davids calling at Taunton on the way.
Free Roam - Explore the route by clicking on any of the available trains.