Have you ever considered what makes an anti-malware application effective? We at Malwarebytes have created an easy-to-use, simple, and effective anti-malware application. Whether you know it or not your computer is always at risk of becoming infected with viruses, worms, trojans, rootkits, dialers, spyware, and malware that are constantly evolving and becoming harder to detect and remove. Only the most sophisticated anti-malware techniques can detect and remove these malicious programs from your computer.

Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware is considered to be the next step in the detection and removal of malware. In our product we have compiled a number of new technologies that are designed to quickly detect, destroy, and prevent malware. Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware can detect and remove malware that even the most well known anti-virus and anti-malware applications fail to detect. Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware monitors every process and stops malicious processes before they even start. The realtime protection module uses our advanced heuristic scanning technology which monitors your system to keep it safe and secure. In addition, we have implemented a threats center which will allow you to keep up to date with the latest malware threats.

Key Features:
   Support for Windows 2000, XP, Vista, and 7 (32-bit and 64-bit).
   Light speed quick scanning.
   Ability to perform full scans for all drives.
   Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware protection module. (requires registration)
   Database updates released daily.
   Quarantine to hold threats and restore them at your convenience.
   Ignore list for both the scanner and Protection Module.
   Settings to enhance your Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware performance.
   A small list of extra utilities to help remove malware manually.
   Multi-lingual support.
   Works together with other anti-malware utilities.
   Command line support for quick scanning.
   Context menu integration to scan files on demand.

Version 1.50 (November 29th, 2010)

Overall Improvements:

1. Dramatically improved scan speed: up to 5 times faster.
2. Dramatically improved stability of both the scanner and protection module (paid version only).
3. More responsive: program loads up to 3 times faster, and protection module has lower impact on system resources (paid version only).
4. New internal detection algorithms enable detection of more real-world malware.

New Features:

1. You can now add files and folders to the ignore list manually.
2. Ability to schedule and unschedule scans and updates from the command line (paid version only).
3. Notifications of blocked malicious websites now include additional details such as type, port, and process on Windows Vista and higher.
4. Ability to include or exclude potentially unwanted programs (PUP), potentially unwanted system modifications (PUM), and peer-to-peer software (P2P) from scans and protection module detections.
5. Dramatically improved flash scan (paid version only) -- designed to determine whether a more in-depth scan is needed, in less than 10 seconds on many machines.
6. One-touch easy-to-use option to keep protection up-to-date automatically (paid version only).
7. "Warn if database is outdated by:" option now warns if the database is far out-of-date (7 days by default), including for protection (paid version only).
8. Ability to scan system startup locations for improved detection and to target persistent malware that may be obstructing removal.
9. Right-click context menu scans now use heuristics.

Issues Fixed:

1. Improved compatibility with antivirus software.
2. Fixed issue with "Recover if missed by" setting in scheduler not working correctly on Windows 2000 and Windows XP.
3. Fixed issue with "Recover if missed by" setting in scheduler not working for scans and updates scheduled to run 'Once'.
4. Fixed issue with Heuristics.Shuriken causing the program to freeze or crash.
5. Fixed issue with certain infections going undetected by the protection module in 64-bit Windows versions.
6. Fixed issue with silent scans not creating logs in certain scenarios. 


1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use the keygen to register
3.) Enjoy!

NOTE: Remember to read and understand the included read_me.txt 	