In the early 1990s virtually everybody from Eric Clapton to Nirvana released an Unplugged record. The Rolling Stones didn't. In several of the songs recorded for Stripped (1995), Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood play electric guitars. So all those who had some appetite for an unplugged Rolling Stones record were probably left a little unhappy. 
That said, Stripped is a really nice live record especially for their hard-core fans. Most of the live records that the Stones have released over time, from `Get yer ya-ya's out! (1970) onward (with the possible exception of Still Life, 1982), were centered around classic Rolling Stones hits such as Honky Tonk Women, Satisfaction, Sympathy for the Devil, Jumpin' Jack Flash and, more recently, Start me up. Stripped represents a step in a different direction as most of the songs recorded live for this album are the sometimes unjustly neglected Stones B-Side. The Stones recorded one song from their 1969 album. Interestingly what they played was Let it bleed instead of Gimme Shelter or You can't always get what you want. There are three songs from Sticky Fingers (1971), but two of the them (Dead Flowers and Love in Vain) are not neraly as well known as Brown Sugar. Two of the songs that appear on Stripped were originally released in Exile on Main Street (1972). But even in this case, the Stones opted for Sweet Virginia and Shine a Light, instead of performing the superfamous Tumbling Dice or Happy. 
But the overall quality of Stripped is great and record is nice treat not only for Stones fans. A final note is order, this is the second record with Darryl Jones on bass and it just shows how well he blended with the rest of the band not only in studio but also in live performances.

by Riccardo Pelizzo

TRACKLIST:

01 - Street Fighting Man.wma                                          
02 - Like A Rolling Stone.wma                                         
03 - Not Fade Away.wma                                                
04 - Shine A Light.wma                                                
05 - The Spider And The Fly.wma                                       
06 - I'm Free.wma                                                     
07 - Wild Horses.wma                                                  
08 - Let It Bleed.wma                                                 
09 - Dead Flowers.wma                                                 
10 - Slipping Away.wma                                                
11 - Angie.wma                                                        
12 - Love In Vain.wma                                                 
13 - Sweet Virginia.wma                                               
14 - Little Baby.wma    

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	