Hello all, my first up, just wanted to help anyone that was looking for this, its an untouched ISO rip. feel free to scan it before you install anything. and enjoy ^_^


Organize all your accounts in one place

With Quicken Deluxe, you'll be able to see all your checking,
savings, credit card, loan, investments, and retirement accounts
in one place, so you'll know exactly where you're spending your
money. All without looking at multiple sites and statements:
Quicken downloads your income and expenses from your
bank(s), so you don't have to enter transactions manually.


See exactly where your money's going with auto categorization!

Know where you're spending, and where you can save. Quicken automatically tracks and categorizes your expenses like groceries, entertainment, and more, so you don't have to edit them manually. 
Getting started is a breeze

Step-by-step guidance helps you get up-and-running on Quicken fast. Just answer a few simple questions; we'll show you how Quicken works,and what to do next. You'll see your financial picture come quickly into focus.
Stay on budget
Updated for 2012: Plan, and stay on, a budget

We make it easy to get on a budget you can live with. Quicken automatically sets up budget goals based on what you've spent in the past. You can customize your plan, and we'll track your progress. SEE IT
Updated for 2012: Reduce your debt

Quicken Deluxe can help you create a plan to reduce, or even eliminate, your debt. Easy-to-use tools let you customize your plan, and see how much interest you can save. SEE IT
Plan for retirement

Quicken Deluxe shows you how much you need to save now to reach your retirement goals.
Updated for 2012: Never miss a bill

Quicken automatically creates bill reminders for you based on your previous bills; you can customize or add reminders as needed. Then, Quicken alerts you when bills are coming up, so you can pay them on time and avoid late fees.
SEE IT
NEW! Stay on top of your day to day finances
Stay on top of your day-to-day finances

Our cash flow graph gives you a clear picture of what's coming in, what's going out, and how much you have left to spend or save. SEE IT
Easily uncover any unusual account activity

It's easy to review your transactions, so you can quickly spot anything that looks inaccurate or out of place. If a transaction requires follow-up, you can flag it with a reminder.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
If you're not 100% satisfied, return your Quicken Starter Edition 2012 personal finance software with your dated receipt within 60 days of purchase for a refund of the purchase price (return shipping and handling charges not included).
Simplify taxes with TurboTax

Quicken 2012 pairs perfectly with TurboTax to save you time. Export your data directly to TurboTax to prepare your taxes more accurately.
Get tips from other Quicken users

With Quicken's Live Community, you can get help and advice from other Quicken users without ever leaving Quicken. If you have a question about something specific you're trying to do, just look to Live Community on the right of the Quicken screen for the answer.
Enjoy free support when you buy, install or upgrade Quicken

Answers are just a call or click away; take advantage of Quicken customer service, now FREE. And no more waiting for call-backs; we'll connect you on your first call.
Easily import from Microsoft Money

If you've been using Microsoft Money personal finance software, we can help you transfer your valuable financial information to Quicken.4 With our easy-to-use Data Converter tool, you'll be up-and-running with Quicken in practically no time.
