Aiseesoft Blu-ray Ripper 3.3.12 Portable 

Aiseesoft Blu Ray Ripper is really an all-in-one Blu Ray Ripper to rip Blu ray Discs/m2ts video and common DVD discs to any other video/audio formats. This Blu Ray Disc Ripper can convert Blu Ray DVD and m2ts files to HD video including HD AVI, HD XviD/DivX, HD MP4, MOV, HD WMV files and all the common video formats MP4, AVI, WMV, MKV, FLV, SWF at a tremendous speed. This Blu Ray Ripper can also extract audio from DVD disc and convert it into MP3, AAC, M4A, etc.


What's new for this Blu ray ripper? Firstly, it can remove different copy protections of your commercial BD discs, like AACS, BD+, even MKB V19 which was newly published. Secondly, This Blu ray ripper possesses the high-tech to decipher automatically. Thirdly, it supports playlist.

It provides lots of useful editing functions. You can trim, crop and watermark your videos. You can even join pieces of videos or audios together as a single one. Moreover, Aiseesoft Blu ray Ripper enables you to adjust your video effect through the function of editing effect. With this useful Blu ray Ripper, you can be worry-free now!

Key Functions
Rip Blu Ray Disc or Blu Ray video to any other video formats
This best Blu Ray Ripper can easily convert Blu Ray Disc and Blu Ray M2TS video to HD and common video files: HD H.264, HD AVI, HD MPG, HD TS, HD WMV, HD MPEG 4, HD MOV, HD ASF, MPEG-4, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MOV, M4V, AVI, 3GP, FLV, SWF, MKV, etc.
Extract audio from Blu Ray disc or files
You can even rip blu ray discs into popular audio files: AAC, AC3, AIFF, AMR, AU, FLAC, MP3, M4V, MP2, OGG, WAV, WMA.
Blu Ray movie capture
While previewing Blu Ray movie, you can capture your favorite picture can save it as JPG, GIF, and BMP.
Powerful editing function
Apart from as the professional Blu Ray Ripper, it can be also possessed of powerful editing functions of effect, trim, crop and edit watermark.

Key Features
More specific output parameters
Detailed video and audio settings are provided by this Blu Ray Disc Ripper for you to adjust, such as set video Encoder, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate to get customized video quality. Set Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channel, Audio Bitrate. For Resolution, you can input your own one. The well-customized settings can be saved as user-defined for your later use and apply to all the files.
Merge your selected contents
Join your selected files into a whole one and rename it.
Real-time preview
While you edit it, you can view the effect of both the source file and converted files for you to get the exact files.
Intuitive interface and easy to operate
You can easily manage it while you first operate it.

Home Page - http://www.aiseesoft.com/blu-ray-ripper.html

