Features: 
Uses a single digital cable connection - This ensures the integrity of the audio signal and eliminates the confusion, hassle and clutter of multiple analog and digital connections.
Transforms all PC audio signals into a Dolby Digital or DTS signal - This enables playback of PC audio over millions of home theater systems equipped with Dolby Digital or DTS decoding. 
Optimized for low-latency interactive applications - No perceptible delay between video and audio in game play. 
Provide realistic 5.1-channel surround sound effects during interactive video gameplay - Immerses PC and game console players in a highly realistic game experience
 
 

Product description: 



Dolby Digital Live or DTS Connect enables you to enjoy audio from your PC or game console through your home theater. It encodes (in real-time) the PC's multi-channel audio into a Dolby Digital or DTS bitstream and outputs it from the soundcard's digital out (S/PDIF), via a single digital cable into home theater receiver system. Stereo content (MP3, WMA, CD audio or games) that is transformed into 5.1 surround sound using Creative CMSS-3D or DTS Neo:PC can also benefit from this encoding scheme that will further enhance the entertainment value of your Sound Blaster X-Fi. With Dolby Digital Live or DTS Connect, the confusion of multiple cables will be eliminated and the integrity of the audio signal will be kept pristine.

The real-time interactive capabilities of these encoding technologies (Dolby Digital Live and DTS Connect) are ideally suited to PCs and video game consoles because they reproduce audio cues and effects that follow the on-screen action, transforming gameplay into an exciting and realistic entertainment experience.

Systems using Dolby Digital Live or DTS Connect technology can provide Dolby Digital or DTS (5.1-channel surround sound) during gameplay, immersing players in high-quality surround sound that puts them at the center of the action. Gamers hear every window shatter, feel every explosion, and experience every wipeout.

Product language
Brazilian-Portuguese, Chinese-Simplified, Chinese-Traditional, Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish



Requirements: 

Minimum System Requirements:
Microsoft® Windows Vista® with Service Pack 1 or Windows® XP(x64, Service Pack 2 or Media Center Edition) for Dolby Digital Live.
Microsoft Windows Vista with Service Pack 1 for DTS Connect. 
Intel® Pentium® 4, AMD Athlon™ 64 or equivalent processor, 1.6 GHz or faster
One of the following Sound Blaster X-Fi audio devices (equipped with Digital out): 
Sound Blaster X-Fi Elite Pro 
Sound Blaster X-Fi Platinum 
Sound Blaster X-Fi 
Sound Blaster X-Fi Fatal1ty 
Sound Blaster X-Fi Platinum Fatal1ty Champion Series 
Sound Blaster X-Fi XtremeMusic 
Sound Blaster X-Fi XtremeGamer Fatal1ty® Pro 
Sound Blaster X-Fi XtremeGamer
Dolby Digital or DTS-equipped home theater system.
Software 
Creative Sound Blaster X-Fi series Driver 2.18.0008 or later versions. 
Creative Console Launcher 2.60.29 or later versions. 
Choose your product and download its driver and software application according to the instructions on http://us.creative.com/support/downloads/
Internet Connection for software purchase and activation.
NOTE:- There are known compatibility issues with XFX790i Ultra Motherboard with NVIDIA GeForce 9800 or GTX280 graphic cards in SLI mode where you may experience audio distortion when using Dolby Digital Live or DTS Connect. There is no distortion when SLI mode is disabled. Asus Rampage 2 Extreme (Intel X58) with NVIDIA GeForce 9800 or GTX280 graphic cards in SLI mode, or ATI 4870X2 CrossFire was tested to be working fine when using Dolby Digital Live or DTS Connect.

Existing Dolby Digital Live Pack users can get DTS Connect as a free upgrade.

If you wish to get DTS Connect, or have lost your installation file, click here to download the Creative Dolby Digital Live and DTS Connect Pack again. You must have a valid Activation Key to install it. 

The same Activation Key is used for both Dolby Digital Live and DTS Connect. If you have previously purchased and activated your Dolby Digital Live Pack, you need not activate again when installing DTS Connect.