Il Divo - My Way 4CD Set 320k mp3 from flac files (musicfromrizzo)
Il Divo sings in English, Italian, Spanish, French, and Latin. 

This is music that is worth promoting as a main focus perhaps until we are
better re-aligned in what is the human spirit that has been evaporating from
our consciousness on the earth in favour of "anything else" in more somehow
equal fashion. Perhaps even more of this could be seen in the great samples
of bonus material from Sarah Brightman and one selection in particular from
The ten Tenors as Il Divo could do at least as well if not far better, as
they already prove it in much of their singing in the song selections below,
as it is in fact "right up their own alley to do" The voices at times are
slightly at times seeming even perhaps somewhat momentarily dissonant 
to an extent in that their personalities vary to the extreme in the level
of true virility and strength of character and spirit of genuine form. Then
for most of the remaining they remain beautifully in harmony. We need a lot
more of Il Divo styled groups and they might even take to doing more English
material in English style of efficacy rather than as a tourism experience
from their mainstay as it is their voice that is important since its once 
again the inflection of the human spirit into our consciousness of the most
true and sincere nature that the human race, the human spirit yearns for more
now than ever in our existence I should say.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
musicfromrizzo


320k mp3s converted from flac to full stereo 

This is billed as a discography however we subtracted their Christmas
album to give them something to sell (or post separately for selective 
choice perhaps).

Great list of song selections to sing:

Il Divo - (I Cant live) if living is without you (Desde el día que te fuiste) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Adagio (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - All By Myself (Solo Otra Vez) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Amazing Grace (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Angelina (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Caruso (Lucio Dalla composition) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Come primavera (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Dentro Un Altro Si (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - En Aranjuez Con Tu Amor (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Enamorado (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Esisti Dentro Me (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Every Time I Look At You (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Feelings (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Hallelujah (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Hasta Mi Final (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Have you ever really loved a woman (Un regalo que te dió la vida) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Heroe (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Hoy Que Ya No Estas Aqui (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - I Believe In You (Je Crois En Tois) [with Ms. Celine Dion] (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Isabel (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - L'alba Del Mondo (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - La Luna (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - La Promessa (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - La vida sin amor (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Mama (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Musica (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - My Way (A mi manera) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Nella Fantasia (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Nights in white satin (Notte di luce) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Passera (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Pour Que Tu M'aimes Encore (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Sei Parte Ormai Di Me (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - She (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Si Tú Me Amas (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Somewhere (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Tell that to my heart (Amor venme a buscar) (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - The Man You Love (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - The Power Of Love (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - The Winner Takes It All (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Ti Amero (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Una noche (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Unbreak My Heart (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - Unchained Melody (from FLAC to mp3)
Il Divo - You raise me up (Por tí seré) (from FLAC to mp3)



Heres are some comments about this group posted at wikipedia:

Il Divo ("divine male performer" in Italian) is a multinational operatic
pop vocal group created by music manager, executive, and reality TV star
Simon Cowell. Formed in the United Kingdom, they are also signed to Cowell's
record label, Syco Music.[1] Il Divo is a group of four male singers: Spanish
baritone Carlos Marín, Swiss tenor Urs Bühler, American tenor David Miller, and
French pop singer Sébastien Izambard. To date, they have sold more than 26
million albums worldwide


The idea behind Il Divo's creation came to Cowell after hearing Andrea Bocelli 
singing Con te partirò while watching The Sopranos. Aware of this new appreciation 
for lyrical voices and classical music, he decided to form a multinational quartet 
(the members hail from Spain, Switzerland, France, and the United States, the name 
being in Italian) that tried to recreate the style of The Three Tenors.

Simon Cowell conducted a worldwide search for young singers who were willing to 
embark on the Il Divo project, which lasted two years, from 2001 until December 
2003, when the fourth member of Il Divo, American tenor David Miller, was signed. 
The well-established formation of Il Divo comprises a renowned Spanish baritone, 
Carlos Marín; two classically trained tenors, Swiss Urs Bühler and American David 
Miller; and a French pop singer, Sébastien Izambard.


Recording started in the first half of 2004 in Sweden, with producers Quiz & Larossi, Per Magnusson & David Kreuger and in the UK with producer Steve Mac. This self-titled album contained the Spanish rendition of Toni Braxton's hit "Unbreak My Heart" (Regresa a Mí), (Braxton had originally released "Regresa a Mi" as a b-side to her 1996 single, "Unbreak My Heart"); their second single and first original song "Mama"; Sinatra's "My Way" (A mi manera); "Nella Fantasia," and 1994's San Remo Festival winner "Passerà."

The album hit the #1 slot on both Amazon.com and BarnesandNoble.com

This was recorded in both Sweden and London with producers Per Magnusson, David Kreuger and Steve Mac, who were also the producers of their first album. Released on 7 November 2005 in the UK, it hit number one both in the UK and Australia within one week. Ancora was released in the US on 24 January 2006. It entered the Billboard albums chart at number 1, selling more than 150,000 copies during its first week of sales.

