Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"I Got Mine" is a song by the heavy metal band Motörhead. Released in 1983 in 7" and 12" vinyl pressings, the 12" has the bonus track "Tales of Glory". It is back with the B-side, "Turn You Round Again", which appears on CD re-issues of the Another Perfect Day album. The single reached number 46 in the UK Singles Chart.

This single features guitarist Brian "Robbo" Robertson, who replaced "Fast" Eddie Clarke during their second U.S. tour.

Another Perfect Day is the sixth album by the British band Motörhead. The album was released in 1983 and reached number 20 in the UK charts.

After guitarist "Fast" Eddie Clarke left Motörhead on their second US tour, Brian "Robbo" Robertson (ex-Thin Lizzy, Wild Horses) was drafted to complete the tour. On their return to the UK the band recorded their unique and controversial album - Another Perfect Day.

Although it is the most melodic album Motörhead had ever recorded, the fans were not pleased; Robertson and Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor went to form the band Operator and Lemmy went on with Motörhead, forming the new line-up of Lemmy, Phil Campbell, Würzel, Pete Gill. None of the songs from the album were performed live after Robertson's departure in 1983 until 2004. Since then, "Shine", "Dancing on Your Grave", "I Got Mine" and "Another Perfect Day" have been featured in the band's live set.

The original vinyl release has a lyric-sheet insert, with a cartoon storyboard of the adventures of the new band, as it were.

In 1988 Castle Communications re-issued this album along with Overkill – in a gatefold sleeve.

The thrash metal band Sepultura named themselves after the third track from this album, "Dancing on Your Grave".

The songs "Back at the Funny Farm" and "Marching Off to War" were featured on the 
video game Brütal Legend.

Joe Petagno, the sleeve artist, commented that the cover was borne of upheaval prevalent in the band and its members at the time:

    I didn't hear the music. I think I got a rough mix. It was different. But, I did it on a beer box, with a drawing board on my lap and some paints and a bucket of water by my side. And the reason it turned out the way it was – it was all chaos. Chaos in my life, and chaos in Lemmy's life. I brought it to London with me to deliver it personally to the guys and everyone was freaked over it. They'd never seen anything like it. And I remember Philthy said, "Fuck man! If the kids see that on acid, they're just going to freak!" It's one of my favourite sleeves.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
