DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Product Description

In order to succeed in today’s competitive environment, corporate and nonprofit institutions must create a workplace climate that encourages employees to continue to learn and grow. From the author of the best-selling The Mentor’s Guide comes the next-step mentoring resource to ensure personnel at all levels of an organization will teach and learn from each other. Written for anyone who wants to embed mentoring within their organization, Creating a Mentoring Culture is filled with step-by-step guidance, practical advice, engaging stories, and includes a wealth of reproducible forms and tools. 
 
From the Back Cover
Creating a Mentoring Culture
In order to succeed in today's competitive environment, corporate and nonprofit institutions must create a workplace climate that encourages employees to continue to learn and grow. From the author of the best-selling The Mentor's Guide comes the next-step mentoring resource to ensure personnel at all levels of an organization will teach and learn from each other. Written for anyone who wants to embed mentoring within their organization, Creating a Mentoring Culture is filled with step-by-step guidance, practical advice, engaging stories, and includes a wealth of reproducible forms and tools.

"This is a must-read for anyone seeking a rich understanding of how the spirit of mentoring can be truly integrated into an organization. I know of nothing like this book on the market. Zachary has scored another first!"
—Laurent A. Parks Daloz, associate director and faculty of the Whidbey Institute

"Successful, sustainable leadership cultures are grounded in a strong, thriving culture of mentoring. This book provides leaders and organizations the tools and inspiration to achieve just that."
—Pernille Lopez, president, IKEA North America

"One-stop shopping from A to Z if you want to launch or scale up a mentoring initiative. . . .This guidebook shows how different kinds of mentoring work together for individual development and organizational change. Wisdom and experience are embedded in a wealth of guidelines, checklists, and other tools to walk you through everything you need to know and do to be organizationally successful. Zachary becomes your 'virtual' consultant for scaffolding an effective organizational mentoring culture, infrastructure, and practice."
—Victoria J. Marsick, professor, adult education and organizational learning, and codirector, J.M. Huber Institute for Learning in Organizations

"Even mentors need mentoring. Mentoring supports employees in realizing the need for and meeting the challenge of being more productive as a result of successfully balancing work and family life. Zachary offers a much-needed just-in-time resource for helping HRD directors, CEOs, and organizational leaders expand and enhance the possibilities for elevating mentoring within their organizations."
—Susan Ginsberg, editor and publisher, Work & Family Life newsletter, and author, Family Wisdom      