Audiobook and ebook of Physics of the Future:  How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100, by Michio Kaku.

Product Details
Pub. Date: March 2011
Publisher: Random House Audio Publishing Group
Format: Compact Disc
Sales Rank: 201,930
ISBN-13: 9780307877055
ISBN: 0307877051

Synopsis

Imagine, if you can, the world in the year 2100.
In Physics of the Future, Michio Kaku—the New York Times bestselling author of Physics of the Impossible—gives us a stunning, provocative, and exhilarating vision of the coming century based on interviews with over three hundred of the world’s top scientists who are already inventing the future in their labs. The result is the most authoritative and scientifically accurate description of the revolutionary developments taking place in medicine, computers, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, energy production, and astronautics.

In all likelihood, by 2100 we will control computers via tiny brain sensors and, like magicians, move objects around with the power of our minds. Artificial intelligence will be dispersed throughout the environment, and Internet-enabled contact lenses will allow us to access the world's information base or conjure up any image we desire in the blink of an eye.

Meanwhile, cars will drive themselves using GPS, and if room-temperature superconductors are discovered, vehicles will effortlessly fly on a cushion of air, coasting on powerful magnetic fields and ushering in the age of magnetism.
Using molecular medicine, scientists will be able to grow almost every organ of the body and cure genetic diseases. Millions of tiny DNA sensors and nanoparticles patrolling our blood cells will silently scan our bodies for the first sign of illness, while rapid advances in genetic research will enable us to slow down or maybe even reverse the aging process, allowing human life spans to increase dramatically.

In space, radically new ships—needle-sized vessels using laser propulsion—could replace the expensive chemical rockets of today and perhaps visit nearby stars. Advances in nanotechnology may lead to the fabled space elevator, which would propel humans hundreds of miles above the earth’s atmosphere at the push of a button.

But these astonishing revelations are only the tip of the iceberg. Kaku also discusses emotional robots, antimatter rockets, X-ray vision, and the ability to create new life-forms, and he considers the development of the world economy. He addresses the key questions: Who are the winner and losers of the future? Who will have jobs, and which nations will prosper?
All the while, Kaku illuminates the rigorous scientific principles, examining the rate at which certain technologies are likely to mature, how far they can advance, and what their ultimate limitations and hazards are. Synthesizing a vast amount of information to construct an exciting look at the years leading up to 2100, Physics of the Future is a thrilling, wondrous ride through the next 100 years of breathtaking scientific revolution.
Library Journal

Kaku hosts popular-science programs on the Science Channel (Sci Q), the Discovery Channel, and the BBC, among others. He is best known academically for his work as a cofounder of the string field theory. His previous book, Physics of the Impossible: A Scientific Exploration into the World of Phasers, Force Fields, Teleportation, and Time Travel, was well received and helps demonstrate how scientific discoveries have changed how we view the world. Here, Kaku looks closely at current research and trends and offers fact-based predictions on how the world may look ten to 100 years in the future. He discusses a wide range of topics from Internet-enabled contact lenses to the future of robots and artificial intelligence. His strength is translating potentially difficult concepts into easily understandable information and exciting stories of the future that can be embraced by lay readers. VERDICT This work is highly recommended for fans of Kaku's previous books and for readers interested in science and robotics.—Eric D. Albright, Tufts Univ. Health Sciences Lib., Boston

Biography
Michio Kaku is a professor of physics at the CUNY Graduate Center, cofounder of string field theory, and the author of several widely acclaimed science books, including Physics of the Impossible, also the basis for his Science Channel show and two radio programs, Explorations and Science Fantastic.