 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 01 - Secret Societies - Secret Mysteries


 



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 01 - Secret Societies - Secret Mysteries




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director: These are outstanding Films if you want to know why this world is so messed up.

[size=16]Discription - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginning


Secret Mysteries Of Americas Beginning - The New Atlantis:

" The Greatest "Whodunit" Mystery of the Past 500 years" LEARN THE INCREDIBLE SECRETS OF THE ESOTERIC TRADITIONS HIDDEN WITHIN THE MANIFOLD LAYERS OF SIGNS & SYMBOLS IN OUR NATIONS' INFRASTRUCTURE; SYMBOLS THAT FOR MANY REPRESENT THE SECRET DESTINY OF THE WORLD'S GREATEST NATION. What People Are Saying About Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings (Volume 1) New York Independent Film Festival Rating: 4+ Out of 4 "The production value rated a 4. Professional editing. Professional DVD packaging. The cinematography rated a 4. Professional cinematography. The content rated a 4. The content in this film is equivalent and/or better than the content on the History Channel. The script rated a 4." (Film Festival Judges' Review)

www.the-savoisien.com Secret Mysteries of America’s Beginnings and The New Atlantis“Secret Mysteries” offers the unprecedented opportunity to discover historic, mysterious truth hidden for 400 years.Follow the journey of secret societies from England to the New World, learning history which has been buried for centuriesSee how American Founding Fathers precisely followed a secret plan when they established America’s government – Ben Franklin was the key Founding FatherReiterates the Christian..

A refreshingly Christian look at the history of how and why America was founded. Our study reaffirms that America's cultural national heritage was solidly based upon Christian principles and Biblical doctrine. This study begins in 1580, with Queen Elizabeth I and Sir Francis Bacon, and continues to our Founding Fathers.

Winner of three major Film Industry awards:

1) New York Independent Film Festival bestowed their prestigious "Screen Craft Award" for best feature documentary. "The New Atlantis" was the only Faith-based documentary to receive an award in this festival
2) Los Angeles Independent Film Festival presented this film with their "Best Historical Award" - This award means that the judges recognized that we faithfully and truly presented the historical story and properly documented our findings.
3) 2006 Telly Award -- Given to recognize excellence in TV and movie production




This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS


 