Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars



Developer:	Rockstar Leeds

  Rockstar North



Publisher:	Rockstar Games



Series:	 Grand Theft Auto



Platform:	Nintendo DS,

PlayStation Portable,

iPhone OS

DS



Release date:	NA March 17, 2009

PAL March 20, 2009

PSP

NA October 20, 2009

EU October 23, 2009

January 17, 2010



Genre:	 Sandbox, action-adventure



Chinatown Wars has a different presentation from previous games in the series. Instead of a ground-level view behind the protagonist or a top-down perspective, Chinatown Wars uses a fully rotatable camera angled down at the action. Chinatown Wars also uses cel-shaded polygons with black outlines to produce a comic book-like aesthetic — a first for the series. The title takes place in the Grand Theft Auto IV rendition of Liberty City, with the exception of Alderney.



Unlike Grand Theft Auto IV, the player can disable as many cop cars as possible to escape the police instead of leaving a "wanted zone". The more stars the player has, the more cops they have to take out for each level. For example, for a six star level, they have to take out six cop cars to get down to a five star wanted level, and so on. Also unlike Grand Theft Auto IV, when the player is shooting at an enemy, and has killed the person, it locks onto another enemy, instead of still aiming at the dead person. There is also a drug dealing sub plot which allows players to peddle six types of drugs around the city. Players can make a profit by recognizing market conditions and demands based on geography and plying their wares accordingly. CCTV cameras work as this game's secret packages which is destroyable via throwing a Molotov cocktail bottle & decreases the chances of being caught while making a drug deal . Chinatown Wars applies many Grand Theft Auto IV features such as the new next gen HUD. Ammu-nation returns in the form of an in-game website where the player can order various weapons through their PDA to be delivered to their safehouse. Official Nintendo Magazine described the game as "one of the largest, most complex DS games ever made", with over 900,000 lines of code.
