DDR Presents

Egaro (2011)
(Egaro - the Eleven - A film by Arun Roy)

Upscaled DVD rip - 2.2GB (1/2 DVD) - 720p-X.264


Synopsis:
One hundred years ago 10 young men started out to achieve the impossible - to win the IFA shield. It was a time of repressive British rule, a time of political upheaval, a time to sacrifice allfor the motherland. In the midst of this these young men, led by Sibdas Bhaduri, build themselves into a team. Through personal tavail and the troubled times, they display a level of committment and camaraderie perhaps never equalled since. And in the final, backed by a tumultuous crowd, ad playing barefoot, the pull off a famous victory. The victory was not just in a game, for it galvanised a country which believed the British to be invincible - the white gods were human after all!

Comments:
There is very little "history" in this fictionalised history! Apart from the great win of the Mohun Bagan eam, the rest is pure imagination and a somewhat exaggerated sense of nationalistic fervour. The British were never as concerned about a possible win as to target the individual players and their families and no one among them were charged with sedition. There is a lot of melodrama, sometimes a little too much.

Having said that, this is a fun film to watch if you are not inclined to be very critical about history. Cinematogaphy by Gopi Bhagat is excellenttttt. I liked his use of warm tones to bring out the feelings that it isa naration of past events. Acting by all the protagonists, including some non-professionals like Hirak Das in the role of Sibdas Bhaduri is outstanding. I liked the music overall too. It is a pleasure to watch the football sequences and there is a lot of laughter from the antics of the Zamindar's henchmen as well as the crowd.

Uploader's Notes:
A 720p rip of this film has been uploaded before. I did this rip just for fun and to see if a HQ rip had some takers. There isn't much of technical wizardry in this rip. It's a straightforwrd encoding but I think it has come out well. The original sound has been preserved.

ENJOY!



Screens:
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/db0d4e164208082
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/27849e164208575
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/973c07164208700