General
Format : Matroska

Video:
Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L3.1
Format settings, CABAC : No
Format settings, ReFrames : 2 frames
Format settings, GOP : M=2, N=24
Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC

Width  : 1280 pixels
Height : 720 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9

Audio:
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Codec ID : A_AC3
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Side: L R, LFE

Language : English



CSI Season 2 Episodes 9-15 720p

	
Episode 9: And Then There Were None
  A casino was brutally but clumsily robbed by at least four trigger-happy fiends, the men of which wore female wigs. Painstaking identification efforts lead to ex-con serial killer Tammy Felton and accomplices, but one by one is found murdered themselves. The solution comes only after links are found with the bizarre shooting of a desert hamlet's only store's clerk, discovered by state trooper William Spencer, who messed up the crime scene despite long experience.
	

Episode 10: Ellie
  The investigation of the death of a petty con man/drug 
mule leads the CSI team to Brass' daughter Ellie.
	

Episode 11: Organ Grinder
  Major home developer Robert Fairmont is found unconscious in a hotel elevator, probably staged. Widow Julia knew about his serial adultery and approved his organs to be donated and the rest of his body cremated, having been released as he died naturally of an aneurysm, but the doc may have overseen heavy metal poisoning. Dandrum traces to his suspiciously devoted secretary and confidant Claudia Gideon. The ladies have a surprising common past.
	
Episode 12: You've Got Male
  The detectives found the worse possible thing in their crime scene: another body. Although the two woman appear totally dissimilar at first glance, they are actually sisters. One is very out-going while the other is a recluse, working from her house and buying everything from catalogs. The primary crime scene is at their house which bears signs of violence, but with none of a force entry
	
Episode 13: Identity Crisis
  A staged suicide harks the return of a serial killer. Catherine and Gil Grissom, while at court, finds the the residing judge looks exactly like this killer. Grissom investigates the judge's past and finds a startling answer.
	
Episode 14: The Finger
  Wealthy Roy Logan acts suspiciously when withdrawing $1,000,000 cash and his blood on his hands, but must be released for lack of a crime. When Catherine rushes after him with his spectacles, she gets a phone-call and is shown a severed finger proving Logan's adulterous lover Amanda Freeman was kidnapped. Logan ignores her advice, almost greedily handing over the ransom without proof of life, and Amanda is found where indicated- murdered days before.
	
Episode 15: Burden of Proof
  A body is found in the body farm. He died from what looks like a bullet wound, yet Dr. Robbins and Grissom can't find any bullet fragments. Instead, they found bits of ground beef inside the wound track. The team links this death to an arson case. The investigation takes a turn when the 12-year-old daughter of the deceased's fiancée has been a victim of sexual assault for some time. Back at the lab, Sara asks for a 6-month leave, citing that she doesn't feel at ease at work with her co-workers, especially with her boss, Grissom.