Description

Although Motown were really strong at this time, there are few big UK hits here. Reflections (Diana Ross and the Supremes) and If I were a carpenter (Four Tops) made the UK top ten, while Gotta see Jane (R Dean Taylor) made the UK top twenty. The remaining tracks here were only minor UK hits although some were huge hits in America.Despite their limited impact on the UK charts at the time, many of these tracks are now regarded as classics and rightly so. Perhaps Brits weren't ready for them at the time or perhaps the quality of music around at the time was such that they didn't get the attentionmore… they deserved. Anyway, the other tracks include the first hit version of I heard it through the grapevine - Gladys Knight's version was recorded at around the same time as Marvin Gaye's but was thought to be the best choice for release as a single. History shows they were wrong but I enjoy both versions. Marvin's two duets with Tammi Terrell (Ain't nothing like the real thing, If I could build my world around you) and the two Stevie Wonder tracks (I'm wondering, Shoo be doo be doo da day) are among the other highlights. Nevertheless, it seems strange that Walk away Renee (Four Tops) is missing. It's not the only big Four Tops hit missing from this series - Reach out I'll be there and Bernadette are also missing - so I guess there was some contractual problem.Despite the surprising lack of big UK hits, this is a great compilation of some of Motown's classic songs from the sixties.

1. Ain't Nothin But The Real Thing (Marvin Gaye And Tammi Terrell)
2. Reflections (Diana Ross And The Supremes)
3. If You Can Want (Smokey Robinson and the Miracles)
4. You Keep Running Away (Four Tops)
5. I Could Never Love Another (AFTER LOVING YOU) (The Temptations)
6. I Heard It Through The Grapevine (Gladys Knight And The Pips)
7. I'm Wondering (Stevie Wonder)
8. I've Passed This Way Before (Jimmy Ruffin)
9. Some Things You Never Get Used To (Diana Ross And The Supremes)
10. Gotta See Jane (R. Dean Taylor)
11. Shoo-Be-Doo-Be-Doo-Da-Day (Stevie Wonder)
12. You're My Everything (The Temptations)
13. Honey Chile (Martha Reeves And The Vandellas)
14. If I Were A Carpenter (Four Tops)
15. I Second That Emotion (Smokey Robinson and the Miracles)
16. If I Could Build My Whole World Around You (Marvin Gaye And Tammi Terrell)