V.A. - The Scotty Story: Minnesota's Legendary '60s Rock Label!
CD (1993) To MP3 256 Kbit/s.
Included: CD Covers & This Info.

I Whis You All A Happy New Year Iron_horse

Review	by Richie Unterberger
Based in Minnesota, the small, independent Scotty company recorded some worthwhile garage rock in the '60s, with Warren Kendrick acting both as producer and songwriter for many of the acts on his label. While you couldn't say this is an essential release if you're not a garage fan, this is a decent, 30-cut compilation of released and unreleased material from Scotty and its affiliated labels. The Electras in particular have an appealing snarl, best showcased on "Dirty Old Man" and the original, molten-hot version of "Action Woman" (covered by another of Kendrick's acts, the Litter, whose version appears on the Pebbles series). The 11 Electras' tracks are the most interesting portion of this anthology, but most of the rest of it's reasonably satisfying fuzz-Farfisa garage pop by the Scotsmen, the Victors, the Second Edition, Hope, the Paisleys, and White Lightning, sometimes with pop and/or psychedelic edges. The Scotsmen's "Beer Bust Blues" is frat rock at its grossest; fans of the Litter (by far the most famous group on this compilation) will find a previously unreleased cover of "Hey Joe," as well as a 7 Up commercial. 

Tracklist:
01. The Electras - Dirty Old Man
02. The Electras - Soul Searchin'
03. The Electras - This Week's Children
04. The Electras - Action Woman
05. The Electras - I'm Not Talkin'
06. The Electras - Pregnant Pig
07. The Electras - 'Bout My Love
08. The Electras - You Love
09. The Electras - Summertime (Previously Unreleased)
10. The Electras - Won't Take No For An Answer (Previously Unreleased)
11. The Scotsmen - Beer Bust Blues
12. The Scotsmen - Scotch Mist
13. The Scotsmen - Froggie (Previously Unreleased)
14. The Victors - Midnight Hour (Previously Unreleased)
15. The Victors - I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore (Previously Unreleased)
16. The Victors - One More Time (Previously Unreleased)
17. The Victors - Mister You're A Better Man Than I (Previously Unreleased)
18. The Victors - Little Girl (Previously Unreleased)
19. The Litter - Hey Joe (Previously Unreleased)
20. The Litter - 7 Up Commercial (Previously Unreleased)
21. White Lightning - William
22. White Lightning - Of Paupers And Poets
23. White Lightning - (Under The Screaming Double) Eagle
24. The Second Edition - To Keep You
25. Hope - Of Times You Can See
26. Hope - Greenhouse
27. The Paisleys - Something's Missing (Previously Unreleased)
28. The Electras - Courage To Cry (Previously Unreleased)
29. The Scotsmen - Scotch Mist II (Previously Unreleased)
30. The Scotsmen - Beer Bust Blues (Previously Unreleased)

See my other Torrents: http://thepiratebay.org/user/Iron_Horse/