You've got to hand it to Europe.....they really know how to rock out. When many bands half their age are already going soft and selling out, Europe continues to up the hard rock ante. 

Sure, this album, as a whole, is not quite as bombastic as it's predecessor, "Secret Society," but there are more songs with hooks on this album. The title track is epic, and will stick in your head. The ballad "New Love in Town" seems to blend together earlier hits "Carrie" and "Prisoner in Paradise" and add a little blues touch into the mix. "The Beast" is a hard rock track that sounds as if it could have come right off of their earliest albums. "U Devil U" and "Gonna Get Ready" begin with a bad*** slow, grinding beat and burst into big melodic choruses. The album blends the sounds of old Europe and new Eurpoe, and does so effectively. 

Not every track is perfect, though. "Catch that Plane" sounds monotone, and the album loses considerable steam as it winds down, but it is redeemed by the inclusion of the two live tracks, which are incredible performances that inject life into the album to close it out on a great note. Europe may have sung "The Final Countdown" back in 1987....but as "Only Young Twice" proves, this band has new life and they are living it, apparently, to the fullest. If this is what a midlife crisis sounds like, I cannot wait for mine to begin! 4.5 stars. 

by Cory T. Shaeffer "HockeyFanatic"

TRACKLIST:

00 - Last Look At Eden.mpg                                                      
01 - Prelude.wma                                                                
02 - Last Look At Eden.wma                                                      
03 - Gonna Get Ready.wma                                                        
04 - Catch That Plane.wma                                                       
05 - New Love In Town.wma                                                       
06 - The Beast.wma                                                              
07 - Mojito Girl.wma                                                            
08 - No Stone Unturned.wma                                                      
09 - Only Young Twice.wma                                                       
10 - U Devil U.wma                                                              
11 - Run With The Angels.wma                                                    
12 - In My Time.wma 

Including Last Look At Eden video.

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO 