 https://anonfiles.com/cdn/1319796298210.jpg

"Hi! My name is Ana Mancini, and I am a blonde tranny with sparkling green eyes and a youthful complexion. I have a completely smooth body, soft skin and no tattoos or piercings, with long nicely toned legs and a totally flat tummy. I weigh 135 lbs. I have a very soft and feminine 36DD-22-40 figure. I'm very classy and drop dead gorgeous from head to toe. I am 8.5 inches cut, fully functional that rises to the occasion. With exotic sizzling looks and a body of a Goddess... My tan, toned, tantalizing body will bring you to your knees.

I am from the 8th biggest & most beautiful country in the world, Argentina. I was born on July 14th in a small town in Argentina, and have been in the U.S for 9 years. I now reside in South Beach, Florida. I work out daily, lead a healthy lifestyle and take very good care of myself so that I can offer you the best of both worlds. I enjoy fine dining, shopping and tanning on the beach. I'm not much of a club goer although I do enjoy dining out with friends and having a good time. I am a very sensual and seductive person that likes the company of classy gentlemen who like to Indulge in the finer things of life. I speak perfect English yet have a sexy accent when I'm excited. Want to hear it? Please come inside now for all my photos, videos and more, much more! I am everything you've ever dreamed of, The Ultimate Shemale Fantasy! There's so much I want to share with you inside...

This website is my private space on the web, the place where I can be myself (and be very wild!) and I want to invite you in. I update my website at least two times a week, most of the time three times. You'll get access to close to a million of my photos and a thousand of my videos. Not only do I have an amazing amount of content inside, but I keep adding fresh stuff so every time you login there is something new for you to enjoy! With all my photos and videos being exclusive, you will enjoy something you won't find anywhere else. Plus as my member you also get free access to My Shemale Friends, where you'll get to meet all my girlfriends, and interact with them and myself!"

All videos are .FLV format with varying framerates and resolutions (some are HD camera shoots, others are iPhone videos). All 123 videos are included making it totally up to date at time of posting. I'm not going to screencap 123 videos so I'll leave 8 screenshots below to give you an idea. All the videos follow the same sort of theme. If you look at the filelist you'll get an idea of what goes on from the names.