Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate v5.7.1

[img]http://images.wondershare.com/images/multimedia/video-converter-ultimate/video-converter-ultimate-fea-bg-1.png[/img]


Don't Let Compatibility Issues Ruin Another Movie Night

Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate is a blazing-fast drag-and-drop DVD burner, ripper and digital video converter that also lets you convert video/audio to and from virtually any video format out there, with 6X faster conversion speed. Stop limiting your video entertainment options to your PC. Make your movies versatile by instantly convertng them to AVI, WMV, MP4, MKV, FLV, 3GP, MPG--even convert video to 3D, burn video files to DVD disc, DVD folder, or ISO files, download or record videos from YouTube, Google, Yahoo, Myspace, CNN and other video-sharing sites, rip DVD movies to any video, for playback on devices. The program offers some default settings for iPhone/iPad/iPod/PSP/HTC, Windows Media Player/Movie Maker and other popular devices and apps.
Upgrade any 2D video to 3D with ease

    Convert any normal video to 3D with ultrafast speed, for true theater entertainment at home. Leave the expensive 3D theater ticket away right now!
    Support to create 3D video files for sharing on YouTube 3d movie channel with the preset for YouTube offered.
    Compatible with different 3D media players available for playback of 3D video in 3D MKV, 3D MP4, 3D AVI, and 3D WMV.
    Capable of kinds of 3D enjoyment whatever you have polarization glasses, shutter technology, or anaglyph 3D glasses. 

Learn more: 3D Converter

Upgrade any 2D video to 3D with ease
Enjoy videos any way you like

    Convert any video in AVI, TIVO, WMV, MP4, MKV, FLV, 3GP, MPG etc., for playback on Apple devices, mobile phones, game players etc.
    Import videos to any popular applications like Windows Media Player, Windows Movie Maker, iTunes, Adobe Premiere Pro, etc.
    Convert HD videos, camcorder videos, DRM protected videos, and YouTube videos, etc. to common video formats.

Enjoy videos any way you like
Extraordinary DVD experience anywhere

    Rip DVD movies to videos in MP4, MPG, WMV, 3GP, FLV, etc. for playback on iPad/iPhone/iPod/Windows Media Player and more.
    Burn any video in different formats to DVD disc, DVD folder, or ISO files with free provided DVD menu templates to make your DVD unique.

Extraordinary DVD experience anywhere
Video entertainment online and offline

    Work as an web video downloader to download videos to PC from any video sharing site such as YouTube, Google, Yahoo and so on.
    Record videos on website with the newly screen capture function.
    Convert downloaded videos to any formats for enjoyment on portable devices or applications like iPad, iPhone 4, iPod touch 4, Windows Phone 7 etc.

Website:   http://www.wondershare.com/pro/video-converter-ultimate.html

Installation Info:
1)run setup and Don't Launch it.
2)copy over and replace the 2 files in the install directory
C:\Program Files\Wondershare\Video Converter Ultimate  or C:\Program Files(x86)\Wondershare\Video Converter Ultimate
3) start program and when instructed use the provided user and serial
4)Enjoy from Slickinator

This is a AIO exe just double click and use the clickable buttons for your needs.

Merry Christmas Everyone!!!


