 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1280567/

7,0


		

The tragic events that informed Jose Padilha's 2003 documentary BUS 174 serve as the inspiration for this docudrama detailing the events that unfolded when, on the morning of June 12, 2000, the passengers on a bus traveling through the wealthy Rio de Janeiro district of Jardim Botânico were taken hostage by a disturbed young man who had been abandoned by society. 

Marisa (Cris Vianna) is a drug addict whose baby, Alessandro, was taken from her by drug dealers after she failed to pay a lingering debt. Later, after becoming sober, Marisa becomes obsessed with finding her son and begins searching the local juvenile detention homes. Meanwhile, on the outskirts of Rio, a young boy named Sandro wanders into his mother's shop to find her lifeless body riddled with knife wounds. Wistfully recalling his mother's promises to take him to Copacabana, the grieving boy runs away, ultimately falling in with a group of street kids and becoming addicted to drugs. Later, Sandro somehow manages to survive the notorious Candelaria massacre, only to be locked away in a juvenile detention centre. It's there that Sandro meets Alessandro. When Marisa arrives at the centre in search of her son, she mistakes Sandro for Alessandro and tenderly takes the troubled boy under her wing. But Sandro's scars run deeper than Marisa could ever imagine, so deep that he believes his only hope for survival is taking a busload of hostages.



Director Bruno Barreto
Certificate 15 years and over
Year 2003
Languages Brazilian (Portuguese) - Dolby Digital (2.0) Mono
Subtitles Swedish Norwegian
Duration 1 hour and 53 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2 


Actors

Michel Gomes, Chris Vianna, Marcello Melo Junior, Gabriela Luiz, Anna Cotrim, Tay Lopez, Vitor Carvalho, Jana Guinoud, Rodrigo dos Santos, Ramom Francisco, Lucas Rodrigues, Yasmine Luyindula, Hyago Silva, Douglas Silva & Gleyson Lima

Ultima Parada 174 (Last Stop 174) [2008 PAL DVD][Pt.Fr.Es Subs[Sv.No]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Baserad på den sanna historien om Sandro, som är både kriminell och offer under hans hårda uppväxt i Rio de Janeiros slum. 

Som 10-årig ser Sandro sin mor dödas och flyr till de lokala gängen med hemlösa barn. När en ligaledare hotar polisen, svarar de med att döda hundratals hemlösa barn under Candelaria massakern. Sandro är en av de få överlevande, men hamnar i ungdomsfängelse där han blir han vän med Ale, och tillsammans lyckas de så småningom fly.

Livet på gatan domineras av rå brottsligheten där rån och knarkhandel tillhör vardagen. En dag kommer Sandro hem till sin flickvän och hitta henne i säng med Ale. Sandro flyr och i desperation tar han - buss nummer 174 - och dess passagerare som gisslan...

Speltid 114 min
EAN-kod 7391970034298
Textning Norska Svenska
Ljud Franska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
 Portugisiska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
 Spanska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild Widescreen
Lokal titel Last Stop 174
Orginal titel Ultima Parada 174
Genre Thriller
Produktionsland Brasilien
Premiärår 2008
Regi Bruno Barreto
Åldersgräns 15 år
