 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS - Holy Treasures - 13 - The Book of Enoch


             


       



POtHS - Holy Treasures - 13 - The Book of Enoch




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director: No Time to view this yet and I want to watch it. Greg is producing this Stuff so fast i have little time for anything else but uploading.  


Discription - The Book of Enoch:



The book of Enoch was not included in the main cannon and is controversial scripture.  Once part of the bible but was later removed by those who no longer believed that God can speak to us.  Many believe the Book of Enoch to contain many important truths and should be returned to the bible. Passed dpwn over the ages, the book cannot be deemed as an inspired writing nor written by the hand of Encoh, himself.  However while it is true though that the Book of Enoch has been manipulated so that it contains errors now, through the Holy Spirit we may still learn truth.  For God said he would reveal those things kept hidden in the final days which may include the Book of Enoch.  The first Chapter in Enoch states it was written specifically for those living in the End of Days or Times of Tribulation.

The Revised Book of Enoch is the author's attempt to fix some of those errors based on his faith in the Holy Spirit. These revisions include omitting interpolations made by man; adding phrases to clarify confusing passages or to restore lost meaning that the Holy Spirit has taught me; and rearranging of passages to correct timing. If you would like to receive a free electronic copy of this work E-mail me at: yahadyishrael@yahoo.com or go toand click on free books. If you are more interested in comparing the traditional version of Enoch to my Revised version of Enoch be sure to request my work--The Book of Enoch: A Companion Parallel, which will have both versions side by side in traditional format.

What is it about the ancient Book of Enoch that stirs the imaginations of men? Was the Book of Enoch viewed as authentic Scripture by the early church? Does it really give us the names of the fallen angels, inside information on their great sin, and the details of their plea for mercy and ultimate imprisonment by God?

Is Enoch's description of heaven and hell biblical? Did Enoch really meet Jesus when he was taken to Heaven and what did he call Him? Did Enoch take a tour of planet Earth in a celestial vehicle piloted by angels? Aha! Now we know why so many people are curious about this historical book. It stretches our minds and seems to fill in the gaps in the biblical accounts.

But since Enoch was not included in the original canon should we give it any credibility?

Therein lies the question. Can we trust the book we have today? Irenaeus, Justin Martyr and Tertullian seemed to think so, and Jude referenced the words of Enoch in his brief New Testament book. Fortunately for us, J.R. Church made it his personal mission to examine this book and get to the bottom of the mystery. He was fascinated by Enoch's writings and loved exploring some of the more controversial issues found in the Bible.



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS








  