RELEASE DATE : 02-12-2010           PROTECTION : Steam                  
GAME TYPE    : Action               DISKS      : CRACKED UPDATE 

Release Notes: 

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks. 
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark 
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root 
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and 
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do 
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene 
started in the mid eighties. 

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back 
n contacting us as soon as possible. 



twice the fun / double the trouble


On with the update release information:                       

Shank Update 1                                          

Fixed:                                                         

1. Shank runs at double speed                               

This was caused by refresh rates that we didn't support. A fix 
as been made to add support for arbitrary refresh rates, and  
the game should run fine now.                               
                                                                   
2. Achievements not unlocking                                 

There were some instances where a disconnect from Steam would  
cause users not to unlock a trophy. We put in a check so that 
on level start it will award any trophies that you earned but  
haven't been awarded yet.                                   

Please note that we were unable to reproduce this issue in    
house, so we have no way of knowing if this fix resolves the  
issue. If it doesn't, honestly we're not sure how we would go 
about resolving the problem.                                 

3. Game does not load your save game                                                           

So far, we've been unable to reproduce this issue, but we made
an educated guess and put in a possible fix.                                                            

Additionally, it's been reported that a workaround is to enter 
a co-op game, then return to the main menu. This then resolves 
your save/load issue.                                        

4. Shank needs to activate every time we launch the game       

We've fixed this issue - in this update, activation will no    
longer be necessary.                                           

Also: After the update, a file related to activation may       
remain on your machine. If this file is present on your       
machine and you wish to delete it, you will find it in your   
shankbin folder. The file is named "activation.x64.dll."   

5. Game displays a black screen instead of gameplay           

This has been narrowed down to graphics cards that don't     
support pixel shaded 3.0. Unfortunately, our game requires    
ps3.0 to run.                                                  

6. Game loads, then shuts down immediately                  

The libraries that Shank uses requires SSE2 instructions. If   
his happens to you, then most likely your CPU does not       
support SSE2. We now adding a warning so the game lets you    
know the reason it is shutting down. The most frequent example
of this is the Athlon XP CPU.

Greetings: 

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from: 

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX 
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY 
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC 

Salutes to our new friends in: 

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK 
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS