
HDD Encryption 6.5.2 Software | 1.5 MB

Odin HDD Encryption is a powerful Hard Disc Drive Encryption software which can protect,secure,encrypt your hard disc drive,virtual hard disk(VHD),USB flash files,removable drive.It can makes a part or all your hard disc into a secure vault.And it also can creates a virtual encrypted disk within a file and mounts it as a real disk.No one can log into except you have passwords.Any organization, from a small company to a large international firm with thousands of users in the field, can effectively protect business plans, client lists, product specifications, confidential corporate memos, stock information, and much more with this disk encryption product.Spotlight:very easy to operate,protect your encryption data from virus infection.

Features:

EnCrypt entire Hard Disk, Hard Disc Partition, VHD, USB
allows both, the encryption of parts or 100% of your HardDisk ,VHD,file volume, as well as the creation of a virtual container file that will store all the encrypted information.And it can also optionally automatically request the users authentication data as soon as the USB device is inserted. When the USB disk is removed from the computer, all the data are automatically inaccessible to unauthorized persons.
Odin HDD Encryption

Easy to operate,Protect data from virus infection
HDD Encryption software requires minimal administration and user training. Disk encryption is completely transparent, requiring no change in the way users work with the computer and it will protect your data even if your computer be infected by virus.
Odin HDD Crypto

Maximize Your Security, Minimize Your Risk
protects your data with very fast and a true "on the fly" disk encryption process. Other products that claim to be "on the fly" decrypt an entire file and load it into memory, creating significant security risks. HDD encrypt software is smarter and more secure because it decrypts only the specific portion of a file that is in use. Unprotected data never resides on a encrypted hard drive. .
Odin Photo Sticky, Photo Editor,Big-head Photo Creator - Editing function

Disk Partition and file volume encryption
allows both, the encryption of an entire Hard Disk partition, as well as the creation of a virtual container file that will store all the encrypted information..

Works on any Storage Medium
works on any kind of Hard Disk, and removable medium such as Floppy-, Zip-, Jazz-, Sygate-, CD-Rom, DVD- Drives etc… and manages up to 16 TERABITE of encrypted data or 4 GB .

OS : Win XP/2000/Vista/Win 7
Language : English



Installation :-
1. Unpack
2. Install
3. Use Keygen
4. Enjoy it !!!!!!
100% Clean
