 http://bayimg.com/PaLMhAADK

La classe de neige (1998) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0156408/
 
SECOND UPLOAD THE PREVIOUS TORRENT WAS INCOMPLETE .
French language with English subtitles 

Class Trip is a 1998 French film. Its original French title is La Classe de neige, which is the name given to class trips in the snow. It tells the story of a young boy on a school skiing trip who suffers anxiety attacks that bring on disturbing nightmares.

  Clément van den Bergh  ...  Nicolas  
  Lokman Nalcakan  ...  Hodkann  
  François Roy  ...  The Father  
  Yves Verhoeven  ...  Patrick  
  Emmanuelle Bercot  ...  Miss Grimm  

Claude Miller directed this French psychological drama adapted from Emmanuel Carrere's 1995 novel based on a factual news item. Detailing a troubled boy's traumas at a holiday camp, the film recalls Miller's other adolescent dramas -- The Little Thief, The Best Way to Walk (also at a holiday camp), and An Impudent Girl. When young Nicolas (Clement Van Den Bergh) is set to go on a school ski trip, his father (Francois Roy) has safety concerns because of a recent bus accident. Instead of allowing Nicolas to join his classmates on the bus, he chooses to drive the youth to the camp, upping the boy's anxiety level. At the remote camp, Nicolas forgets to take his bag from the car, bringing more fears to the surface. He becomes friends with an undisciplined boy, Hodkann (Lokman Nalcakan), who lends him pajamas. The film dramatizes Nicolas' visions as he describes his dreams and nightmares to Hodkann. Shown in competition at the 1998 Cannes Film 

Classe de neige is a deceptively simple psychological thriller which merges real-world brutality and childhood fantasy to create a disturbing exploration of an adolescent mind.   The shy, well-behaved Nicholas appears to inhabit a happy, bourgeois family background, but in truth he is trapped in a nightmarish world where horrific thoughts distort his vision of reality. 

There is a strong moral lesson here about the extent to which children are vulnerable to their parents’ – and indeed society’s – view of the world.  Nicholas’ father is paranoid about what might happen to his son – and, as it turns out, there is a good reason for his paranoia.  So he smothers his son with affection and is overly protective - we never quite know how far this goes, but there is a strong hint that child abuse might be involved.   The effect of this on Nicholas is devastating – basically his life is ruined.  By knowing too much about the world’s horrors, Nicholas’ world becomes nothing but horror.  This may not be a particularly original idea, but the film covers the territory with tremendous imagination and impact. 

Although it is a faithful adaptation of Emmanuel Carrère best-selling novel, the film is a work of art in its own right.  The strongest element of the film, without any question, is the photography.  The visual imagery combines Buñuelesque surrealism with visceral horror, whilst maintaining a strong underlying theme and without undermining the strong characterisation.  The bleak, snowy landscape in which the film is set provides an icy cold feel which somehow makes Nicholas’ nightmares more frighteningly real and provide a bridge to his troubled sub-conscious thoughts. 

Although there is some pretty mild horror (twitching severed body parts in the remarkable "Monkey’s Paw" sequence), there is nothing truly shocking – although such imagery has a strong impact when placed beside pictures of a school trip.  The shock comes more from the situation itself – the fact that a young boy could have such a distorted vision of reality. 

Claude Miller’s direction is near-faultless, and he is served admirably from some talented child actors.  Miller worked as a production assistant to such giants as Truffaut and Carné, and that influence is felt in this film. 

This is a film that is not only an excellent piece of French cinema, but one that has a strong message for our society concerning the susceptibility of children to corrupting influences.  In a world where it has become the norm to regard children as young adults, this is a timely reminder which cannot be repeated too frequently. 

