- AnyDVD is capable of removing unwanted movie features, including subtitles and prohibition messages such as copyright and FBI warnings. It also allows you to launch an external application whenever you insert or remove a disc, or prevent 'PC-friendly' software from automatically launching when you insert a video DVD.

Decryption is not all that AnyDVD offers. You can control the drive speed of your DVD drive, allowing you to reduce the noise level when watching movies on your PC. You can even adjust the display frequency of your monitor for both NTSC and PAL displays.

But AnyDVD doesn't just stop at DVDs, it also fixes intentionally broken audio CDs to allow you to play and copy them.
Features

    Works automatically in the background
    Removes encryption (CSS) and region code (RPC) from DVDs
    Removes analogue copy protection (Macrovision)
    Removes features such as forced subtitles and warnings
    Decrypts without the need to save the data onto your hard-disk
    Decrypts 'on the fly'
    Prevents automatic launching of 'PC-friendly' software on video DVDs
    Allows adjustment of your monitor refresh rate for both NTSC and PAL monitors
    Allows execution of external programs on disc insertion and removal
    Allows speed control of your DVD drives
    Compatible with all DVD media
    Works with all DVD-drives, regardless of region code
    Works with all DVD copying, such as CloneDVD, and all DVD player software
    Works transparently for the operating system: DVDs can be shared over the network and copied with the command prompt or with Windows Explorer, etc.
    Proven to be stable and fast and does not require an ASPI driver
    Provides its own Universal Disk Format (UDF) reader. Discs which cannot be read by Windows can be copied using the AnyDVD ripper.
    Play, copy and rip audio CDs that don't comply with the Red Book standard.

System Requirements

    IBM-compatible PC with a minimum 500 MHz Pentium-class microprocessor and 64 MB RAM
    Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7 (32 or 64 bit)
    2 MB hard-disk space


- CloneDVD 2 copies movies to create unparalleled picture quality DVD backups, whether it’s the main title you’re copying or the complete DVD. CloneDVD will compress long footage at high speed to the highest of quality using specialised transcoding technology, allowing you to select your audio and language settings and also the final target size. Easy for even the novice user, CloneDVD’s intuitive Filmstrip assistant guides you through all the available configuration settings, allowing you to choose which chapters to include and offering the option to trim individual chapters.

A visual quality bar shows how your configuration choices affect the quality of the final copy. Note that copying protected DVDs also requires AnyDVD.
Features

    Copies the main movie, special features and/or the original menu onto DVD recordable media or your hard-disk
    Newly improved transcoder: Better picture quality at high reduction rates (footage of more than two hours)
    Impressive speed at high reduction rates
    Video Preview shows an overview of all selectable DVD titles
    Include or exclude the original menu
    Visual quality control through quality bars during the title and language selection
    Target size freely adjustable
    Chapter trimming/splitting available
    Very easy to use: Our unique Filmstrip assistant will guide you step-by-step through all settings - easy for beginners
    Preferences: Memorizes the last settings that were used and uses those settings in future sessions
    Layer break flag removal possible
    Picture snapshots while transcoding and remixing
    Real-time bitrate and frame statistics while transcoding
    Logging window available
    Preview the movie during transcoding and writing
    Works with most DVD player hardware and software
    Works with DVD-R/RW and DVD+R/RW media
    Stable, fast and does not require an ASPI driver 

System Requirements

    An IBM-compatible personal computer with a minimum 500 MHz Pentium-class microprocessor (1 GHz recommended) and 128 MB RAM (256 MB recommended)
    Windows 98, Windows ME, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7 (32 or 64 bit)
    If you use Windows NT, Windows 2000 or Windows XP you must be an administrator to install CloneDVD 2
    DVD reader and preferably a DVD writer
    About 5 GB of temporary available hard-drive space is necessary to clone DVDs 