SPECS:

TiTLE......[ Zakir Hussain: Masters of Percussion - Live in Concert
RUNTiME....[ 02:02:36
DATE.......[ 2008
STORE DATE.[ 2010
                                                                   
AUDiO......[ MP3 128 kbps ABR
ViDEO......[ 745 kbps XviD  23.976 FPS
RESOLUTiON.[ 608 x 304
SUBS.......[ None
FiLES......[ 1
SiZE.......[ 700 MB
SOURCE.....[ DVD
                                                                   

DESCRIPTION:

Zakir Hussain Presents the Masters of Percussion, featuring
                                                                   
Zakir Hussain (Tabla); 
Fazal Qureshi (Tabla, Kanjira); 
Taufiq Qureshi (Percussion); 
Niladri Kumar (Sitar); 
Abbos Kosimov (Doyra); 
Ram Kishan (Nagada); 
Dilshad Khan (Sarangi); 
Vijay Chauhan (Dbolki); 
Meitei Pung Cholom Performing Troupe (dancing drummers of Manipur)

Recorded live at the National Hispanic Cultural Center of New Mexico in Albuquerque on April 21, 2008. This gathering of some of the world's greatest percussion players will captivate and excite audiences of all kind. A thrilling DVD and wonderful musical journey.

Zakir Hussain is today appreciated both in the field of percussion and in the music world at large as an international phenomenon. A classical tabla virtuoso of the highest order, his consistently brilliant and exciting performances have not only established him as a national treasure in his own country, India, but gained him worldwide fame. His playing is marked by uncanny intuition and masterful improvisational dexterity, founded in formidable knowledge and study. The favorite accompanist for many of India's greatest classical musicians and dancers, he has not let his genius rest there. Widely considered a chief architect of the contemporary world music movement, Zakir's contribution to world music has been unique, with many historic collaborations, including Shakti, which he founded with John McLaughlin and L. Shankar, Remember Shakti, the Diga Rhythm Band, Making Music, Planet Drum with Mickey Hart, Tabla Beat Science, Sangam with Charles Lloyd and Eric Harland and recordings and performances with artists as diverse as George Harrison, YoYo Ma, Joe Henderson, Van Morrison, Airto Moreira, Pharoah Sanders, Billy Cobham, Mark Morris, Rennie Harris, and the Kodo drummers. His music and extraordinary contribution to the music world were honored in April, 2009, with four widely-heralded and sold-out concerts at Carnegie Hall's Artist Perspective series. 

