Description

Anytime, anywhere, and on any device. Notificant is a nifty little app that makes sure you always remember what you want to. It alerts you with scheduled reminders and has the ability to shuttle notifications across different Macs.

Utilizing a free Caramel Cloud account, Notificant can create notifications that can be fired at a scheduled time on your current Mac or on any of the others you own. It lives in the menu bar and stays out of your way until you need it. The simple UI makes it a cinch to create a notification within seconds.

If you have ever used a complicated calendaring program to remind yourself of tasks, you will be stunned by its simplicity. There is no calendar to keep track of or appointments to schedule. Simply create a new notification and let Notificant take care of the rest.

Have you ever composed an email and sent it to yourself just to remind yourself of something? With Notificant at your beck and call, that is a thing of the past. A few simple clicks and you can email a reminder to yourself immediately from within the app or have it be sent to your inbox at a later time.

All your notifications are synced with our free web app at https://notificant.com and available to you in a searchable archive online. It allows you to remotely create new notifications for your Macs and manage your existing ones.

FEATURES
✓ Extremely simple UI that makes it a breeze to create notifications.
✓ Syncing with the web app ensures you have access to all your notifications at all times.
✓ Scheduled notifications fire at the given time on one or more Macs.
✓ Remotely create and fire notifications on other Macs.
✓ Non-intrusive notifications. They stay on the sidelines while you work.
✓ Email notifications to yourself from within the app.
✓ Choose from a selection of nine unique and pleasant notification sounds.
✓ Localized in French, German, and Japanese.

Instructions

1. Unzip
2. Copy .app to the Applications Folder
3. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks aka darealthing.