                             Drive-in Double Feature 5

Tonight we present two ecological horrors. Both have a certain cheezyness, second 

rate and has been actors. Bad special effects, (even for the time) which all adds 

up to a certain charm fans of these movies love.

Feature #1
Food Of The Gods.(1976)                                                   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074540/

Morgan and his friends are on a hunting trip on a remote Canadian island when they 

are attacked by a swarm of giant wasps. Looking for help, Morgan stumbles across a 

barn inhabited by an enormous killer chicken. After doing some exploring, they 

discover the entire island is crawling with animals that have somehow grown to 

giant size. The most dangerous of all of these, however, are the rats, who are 

mobilizing to do battle with the human intruders.



Feature #2
Night Of The Lepus (1972)                                                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069005/

Cole Hillman's Arizona ranch is plagued with 'mongrel' rabbits, and he wants to 

employ an ecologically sound control method. As a favor to college benefactor 

Hillman, college president Elgin Clark calls in zoologist Roy Bennett to help. 

Bennett immediately begins injecting rabbits with hormones and genetically mutated 

blood in an effort to develop a method of disrupting rabbit reproduction. One of 

the test subjects escapes, resulting in a race of bloodthirsty, wolf-sized, man-, 

horse-, and cow-eating bunnies. Eventually the National Guard is called in


for a final showdown with the terrorizing rabbits. 

                             

                            DOUBLE FEATURE FEATURES

 You can just hit "play" to get the whole experience (trailers,adds,intermission) 

                 or go to "select title" to see what you want. 

              Grab some popcorn, pizza and get some drinks and 

                                  ENJOY THE SHOW!