PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA / Plextor PX-W1610TA 
Optical Drive Firmware: 1.11 / 1.05 
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: 9981183C8ACE7EFEF59BC7319FBFC750B1000915
File Size: 1.27 GB
Label: Arts & Crafts


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:


Motor Motel Love Songs 2002 A&C002 (ripped with Plextor PX-W1610A) *
Idols of Exile 2005 A&C010 *
Here's To Being Here 2008 A&C030 *
Rat a Tat Tat 2010 A&C052 *
Pony Tricks 2010 ACX061 *



* Denotes My Rip






Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Jason Collett is a Toronto based singer-songwriter. He has released four solo albums, and is a member of Broken Social Scene. His latest album, Rat a Tat Tat, was released in March, 2010.

Collett was born in Bramalea, Ontario, a Greater Toronto Area suburb. He began writing songs at a young age to escape the boredom of his suburban life, and cites Bob Dylan, Kris Kristofferson and Nick Lowe as influences. Eventually, Collett moved to downtown Toronto where he worked as a woodworker and carpenter, doing renovations and custom home building, while he pursued his music. He was a part of the short-lived alternative country group Bird, of which Andrew Cash and Hawksley Workman were also members. Bird released one album, 2000’s Chrome Reflection. Collett also took part in Toronto’s popular indie music gathering, Radio Mondays. Collett, along with others such as The Weakerthans and artists on the record label Arts & Crafts, would perform and write songs together. Collett has mentioned how Radio Mondays were great community-building events, with five or six artists on stage at a time.

It was his work with Broken Social Scene that allowed Collett to give up woodworking and become a full-time musician. Collett became a member of Broken Social Scene, serving as one of their guitarists, after the band’s album You Forgot It In People. Collett was eventually convinced by Kevin Drew to join the band once they moved from a strictly instrumental band into one that wrote their own songs (digphilly). Though Collett took a break from touring with Broken Social Scene in the fall of 2005 to pursue his solo career and spend time with his family, Collett has made many musical connections through the band. His 2005 album, Idols of Exile, produced by Howie Beck, featured many prominent Canadian artists. Broken Social Scene’s Kevin Drew, Leslie Feist and Brendan Canning all contributed, as did members of Stars and Metric.

Jason Collett performing a free Canada Day 2006 concert at the Harbourfront Centre in Toronto, Canada.

Collett has released four solo albums. In 2001 he released Bitter Beauty; in 2002 it was Motor Motel Love Songs. In 2005, he released Idols of Exile, his first on his current record label, Arts & Crafts; it was the same label to sign Broken Social Scene. Jason's Here's to Being Here was released in February 2008 and is different from Idols of Exile. Instead of a group effort, with many collaborating artists, Collett decided to focus on making an album that was meant to be played live. Collett tours under his own name with backing band The Dark Horse. In February 2008, Collett added Gregory McDonald, who plays keyboards with Sloan, and Jeremy Little, a bass player, to his touring band. Formerly touring with backing band Paso Mino, made up of members Robbie Drake, Afie Jurvanen, Mike O'Brien and Michael P. Clive, Collett’s band has undergone many changes in recent years. For Collett's Wood Wires and Whiskey tour in Autumn 2008, the band consisted of Robbie Drake and Mike O'Brien, as well as newcomers Carlin Nicholson[1] (also a member of Toronto acts Zeus and the 68's) and Neil Quin (also a member of Toronto acts Zeus, Major Grange and The Sexy Moving Parts).

In 2009, Jason Collett took part in an interactive documentary series called City Sonic. The series, which featured 20 Toronto artists, had him reflecting on his long time relationship with Kensington Market.[2]

Collett's fifth solo album, Rat a Tat Tat (produced by O'Brien and Nicholson), was released in March 2010.

Collett has lived in many neighbourhoods in Toronto, from Kensington to the Ossington and Bloor areas. Collett has been eating organic food since the mid-1990s and makes an effort to ensure that all the food on his tour bus is organic. Jason is also very politically involved. He is a member of Canada’s New Democratic Party and performed at an NDP kick-off rally in Toronto during the fall 2008 election. At a recent show at Queen's University, Collett expressed his displeasure for Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. He also brought a petition to get Canadian citizen Omar Khadr released from the Guantanamo Bay detention centre where he has been kept for some time. 








Motor Motel Love Songs 2002


Motor Motel Love Songs is a 2002 album by Jason Collett. The album is essentially a compilation of songs from his earlier releases Chrome Reflection and Bitter Beauty.

Tracks: 


1.	"Bitter Beauty"
2.	"Little Clown"
3.	"Tiny Ocean of Tears"
4.	"It Won't Be Long"
5.	"Gabe"
6.	"Choke Cherry"
7.	"Honey I Don't Know"
8.	"Lucky Star"
9.	"All I've Ever Known"
10.	"Airport"
11.	"Blue Sky"
12.	"Stormy Woman, Salty Girl"
13.	"Motor Motel Love Songs"









Idols of Exile 2005


Idols of Exile is a 2005 album by Jason Collett.

Tracks:

1.	"Fire" - with Amy Millan
2.	"Hangover Days" - with Emily Haines
3.	"Brownie Hawkeye"
4.	"We All Lose One Another"
5.	"Parry Sound"
6.	"I'll Bring the Sun"
7.	"Tinsel and Sawdust"
8.	"Feral Republic"
9.	"Pavement Puddle Stars"
10.	"Almost Summer"
11.	"Pink Night"
12.	"These Are the Days"







Here's To Being Here 2008


Here's to Being Here is the fourth solo album by Jason Collett of Broken Social Scene. The album was released on February 5, 2008 on Arts & Crafts.[3] Produced by Howie Beck, the album features guest musicians Andrew Whiteman, Tony Scherr and Liam O'Neil of The Stills.[4]
 
In promotion of the album, the label released two songs, "Out of Time" and "Charlyn, Angel of Kensington", in MP3 format.

Tracks:

1.	"Roll On Oblivion"
2.	"Sorry Lori"
3.	"Out of Time"
4.	"Papercut Hearts"
5.	"Henry's Song"
6.	"Charlyn, Angel of Kensington"
7.	"No Redemption Song"
8.	"Through the Night These Days"
9.	"Nothing to Lose"
10.	"Not Over You"
11.	"Somehow"
12.	"Waiting for the World"









Rat A Tat Tat 2010


Rat a Tat Tat is the fifth solo album by Jason Collett of Broken Social Scene. The album was released on March 9, 2010 from record label Arts & Crafts.[5]

The album was produced by Carlin Nicholson and Michael O'Brien of Toronto-based band Zeus, the album features guest musicians Andrew Whiteman, Tony Scherr and Liam O'Neil of The Stills.[5]

In promotion of the album, the label released songs, "Love Is a Dirty Word", in MP3 format.[6]

The album is a longlisted nominee for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize.[7]

"Rat a Tat Tat" placed third in Exclaim! Magazine's annual musical rankings for top Folk & Country albums of 2010. Collett was praised for his irreverence in music making, "this time around, his raspy drawl is a little twangier and his retro detailing a little glossier. Although he pays homage to myriad bygone musical styles, Collett adds a tart twist that turns familiar echoes into fresh sounds. 


Tracks: 


1.	"Rave On Sad Songs"
2.	"Lake Superior"
3.	"Love Is a Dirty Word"
4.	"Bitch City"
5.	"High Summer"
6.	"Cold Blue Halo"
7.	"Love Is a Chain
8.	"Long May You Love"
9.	"The Slowest Dance"
10.	"Winnipeg Winds"
11.	"Vanderpool Vanderpool"








Pony Tricks 2010


From Pluginmusic.com

One of Canada's most revered songwriters, Jason Collett, will share yet another aspect of his immense musical talent, releasing "Pony Tricks," a reworked acoustic collection of eleven songs, including two never-before released tracks, October 12 on Arts & Crafts.

What was originally intended as an EP of re-imagined Collett songs stripped to their core, quickly snowballed into a powerful 38 minutes of music that simultaneously exposes and celebrates Collett's solo prowess and the intrinsic storytelling that makes his songs so unforgettable.

Coinciding with the release of "Pony Tricks," Collett will head out on The Undressed Tour, a true cross Canada run of solo acoustic dates that kicks off in Peterborough on October 14, touches both coasts and includes Collett's first ever show in Newfoundland (complete dates including US are available here).

"Fans often ask me if I have recordings that are representative of my solo shows," Collett explains of the inspiration for "Pony Tricks." "This release simply aims to satisfy that demand."

Pony Tricks was recorded at Zeus' Ill Eagle Studios in Toronto, produced by Mike O'Brien and Carlin Nicholson and mixed by Robbie Lackritz (Feist).



Tracks: 


Bitter Beauty
Honey I Don't Know
Pulling The Sun Down
My Daddy Was A Rock n' Roller
Feral Republic
Hangover Days
Bitch City
Not Over you
Motor Motel Love Song
Diggin' In The Carpet
Paper Cut





Enjoy :)
