History Teaching with Moodle 2 By J. Mannion
 Publisher: Pa..ckt Publis..hing 2011 | 280 Pages | ISBN: 1849514046 | PDF | 5.6 MB



Create a History course in Moodle packed with lessons and activities to make learning and teaching History interactive and fun 
Follow the creation of a history course that includes activities for all age groups, with subjects ranging from the medieval times up to the fall of the Third Reich 
Make your student s ' homework more exciting by enabling them to watch videos of historical documentaries, participate in group discussions, and complete quizzes from home 
Save time by transforming your existing lesson plans into interactive courses 
Monitor your students' progress using the Gradebook 

In Detail 
 Moodle is an open source virtual learning environment that is coming to be used in more and more schools worldwide. History and Moodle complement each other perfectly in terms of content and delivery. This book will show you how to set up tasks and activities that will enable your students to forge a greater understanding of complex issues, bringing History into the 21st century. 
 History Teaching with Moodle 2 presents new and exciting ideas for the delivery of History content making use of tried-and-trusted methods of teaching the subject. By following a sample course, you will find it easy to transform your existing lesson plans into a Moodle course that will become even more efficient, attractive, and useful over time. 
 Make the past come to life using a range of tasks and activities that can consolidate learning for some, enhance understanding for others, and enthuse all. Learn how to add an RSS feed to your home page to display daily 'On this day in history' posts. Create a one-minute quiz about how the Second World War began. Post video footage of a trip to a castle and set some questions for students in anticipation of their next visit. Set up a wiki so that student groups can create their own story about 'murder at a monastery'. Moodle's built-in features allow students to get a better grasp of historical concepts and will rejuvenate their interest in the subject. 
 A practical guide to using Moodle to create quizzes, forums, activities, and much more, to make your History lessons more interactive 

What you will learn from this book 
Set up a database of important figures in History 
Create a theme for your course to make it interesting and accessible to all students 
Design workshops that encourage students to work collaboratively and perform peer-to-peer assessment 
Simplify grading and reporting to parents 
Update the content regularly with random glossaries and RSS feeds, linking to history in the news 
Create quizzes to reinforce understanding or to challenge the gifted and talented 
Use timers, videos, and podcasts to add a level of difficulty or complexity 
Post videos of school trips, or historical documentaries 
Set up groups to put together their very own story on a collaborative wiki page 
Set up debates about important events in History using forums