P.G. Wodehouse_Heavy Weather_BBC_1995 [VHSRip(DviX)].avi

'Heavy Weather' is one of the funniest Wodehouse adaptations out there. Douglas Livingston's version for television surpasses even the excellent 'Jeeves and Wooster' series with Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry.

Peter O'Toole is almost over the top as Lord Emsworth, the owner of the Empress of Blandings, his prize sow, but he is so convincingly dotty and his timing so perfect that any quibbles are instantly erased from memory. He is partnered by a wonderfully droll Galahad Threepwood (his brother) played by Richard Briers and their gorgon sister Connie, a hilarious Judy Parfitt, her neck muscles alone speak volumes. Samuel West is a perfect Bertie Wooster-like airhead, always a central Wodehouse character. There are two secondary characters who consistently steal their scenes, David Bamber's oily P.I. Pilbeam and Richard Johnson's irascible Lord Tilbury.



This is a re-coded and cleaned up version of an earlier upload by "hinton"
The original upload was from a PAL VHS of a analog broadcast that was then converted to a 3.21GB home-made DVD.



I recoded the mpeg VOBs to Dvix @ 1400kbps to preserve what detail was left after the previous transfers.

The files were edited to remove extra lead & trail video and leave just the program material.
Frame is cropped to remove the black and grey borders.
I did some temporal smoothing to help the motion blurs, some edge sharpening and enhanced the video to restore color, gamma and sharpness.
There were only a few frame tears from the condition of the original VHS, but left them as they were very minor and not worth trying to fix.
The sound was still good, so left it as was.



File info:

Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 1.10 GiB
Duration : 1h 34mn

Codec : DivX 5
Bit rate : 1 399 Kbps
Width : 624 pixels
Height : 480 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.300
Frame rate : 25.000 fps

Format : MPEG Audio
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 256 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz


Enjoy and Seed!!