This major update to his award-winning, record-breaking book does something for digital photographers that’s never been done before—it cuts through the bull and shows you exactly “how to do it.” It’s not a bunch of theory; it doesn’t challenge you to come up with your own settings or figure it out on your own. Instead, Scott shows you step by step the exact techniques used by today’s cutting-edge digital photographers, and best of all, he shows you flat-out exactly which settings to use, when to use them, and why. That’s why the previous editions of this book are widely used as the official study guide in photography courses at colleges and universities around the world.

Learn how the pros do it
Each year, Scott trains thousands of professional photographers how to use Photoshop, and almost without exception they have the same questions, the same problems, and the same challenges—and that’s exactly what he covers in this book. You’ll learn:
The sharpening techniques the pros really use.
The pros’ tricks for fixing the most common digital photo problems fast!
The step-by-step setup for getting what comes out of your printer to match exactly what you see onscreen.
A whole chapter on how to process HDR (High Dynamic Range) images using CS5’s new Merge to HDR Pro.
How to master CS5’s new Content-Aware Fill.
How to color correct any photo without breaking a sweat.
How to process RAW images like a pro (plus how to take advantage of all the new Camera Raw features in CS5!).
How to use the included gray card to make color correction just a matter of three clicks.
How to show your work like a pro!
A host of shortcuts, workarounds, and slick “insider” tricks to send your productivity through the roof!

Plus, Scott includes a special bonus chapter with his own CS5 workflow, from start to finish, and each chapter ends with a Photoshop Killer Tips section, packed with time-saving, job-saving tips that make all the difference. If you’re a digital photographer, and if you’re ready to learn all the “tricks of the trade”—the same ones that today’s leading pros use to correct, edit, sharpen, retouch, and present their work—then you’re holding the book that will do just that.
 
http://bayimg.com/aADlpAadj