.
 
http://www.torrentday.com  :  The Hottest XxX Site On the Net!



Enjoy =)         www  TorrentDay  Com

...................................NFO:....................................

.
---> PORNOLATiON PRESENTS...

 
 Title          : No Warning 5 (d1) @ Evil Angel
 Release date   :  2 Jan 2011
 Store Release  : 29 Dec 2010

 Size           : 2 CDs
 Source Format  : PAL DVD
 Format         : XviD
 Resolution     : 16:9
 Audio          : VBR MP3 
 
 Language       : English
 Category       : Gonzo
 URL            : google.us


                               
 - Release Info - --->
                               
  
Director Belladonna is known for palpably genuine girl-girl scenes, and in her 
"No Warning" series the Sapphic sessions are spiked with striking fetish 
elements. No Warning 5 is a double-DVD packed with five elaborate scenarios 
of all-female dominance and submission. Looking hot in newly bleached locks, 
Lea Lexis menaces exotically tattooed alt girl Tori Lux. There's lots of 
foot-fetish and toe-sucking, rough pussy-fingering, face and tit slapping, 
tongue and nose pinching, face sitting, spitting and choking, till Tori's 
eft in a heap on the floor, nude and denuded. Boldly feminine Tory Lane 
teaches wannabe dominant (but true submissive) Lexi Swallows how to manhandle 
a girl, yanking her head up her hot ass for a rim job, stuffing a glove in her
mouth, fucking her with the beaded metal end of a flogger and with a dildo. 
Throughout this session of sensual domination, Tory maintains a delicious,
teasing air. When brunette stunner Bobbi Starr catches L.A. Latina MILF 
Francesca Le pissing on the floor, it's time for punishment, so Bobbi 
spits in her face, yanks the crawling hussy by the hair and roughly 
manipulates her cunt. Francesca's ass, thighs and the soles of her 
feet are spanked hard; she's smothered, subjected to foot worship, and Bobbi 
jams three fingers down her own throat to produce a copious wad of gag spit, 
which she drools all over Francesca's