Mafia 2: Director's Cut

Description
Live the life of Vito Scaletta, a small-time gangster with plenty of ambition and a talent for taking care of business. As Vito rises through the ranks of a powerful mob family, he discovers that life as a wise guy is as dangerous as it is glamorous.

In a gripping and stylish action adventure, Vito must prove himself an efficient enforcer, a skilled getaway driver and a reliable hit-man. Set in a mythic post-war America, Mafia II: Director’s Cut tells an intense story of friendship, loyalty, betrayal and revenge.

Key Features

• From the mean streets of Little Italy and Chinatown to the dizzying heights of its glittering skyline, find out if you have what it takes to be somebody in the city of Empire Bay.
• Immerse yourself in a violent criminal underworld in an all-consuming quest to become a man of honour.
• Navigate the dangerous twists and turns of an intricate plot played out in a spectacularly cinematic recreation of the 1940s and 50s.
• Lead the line in lethal shootouts, brutal hand-to-hand combat and tense stealth missions.
• Shoot the breeze with a rogue’s gallery of intriguing characters brought to life by outstanding voice-acting.
• Get behind the wheel of lovingly modeled period cars and burn rubber in white-knuckle chases.
• Play along to an evocative soundtrack of hit songs from the most popular crooners of the age.
• Get the full package! Mafia II: Director’s Cut is the definitive mob game, containing all the DLC and expansion packs, totalling over 12 hours of additional full-on gameplay.

   

System Requirements

Minimum Requirements
Mac OS: Mac OS X 10.6.8
Processor: 2GHz Intel
RAM: 2GB
Hard Disk: ~10GB
Graphics: 256MB

Recommended Requirements
Mac OS: Mac OS X 10.7.2
Processor: 2.4GHz Intel
RAM: 4GB
Hard Disk: ~10GB
Graphics: 512MB
The following graphics cards are not supported: ATI X1xxx series, AMD HD2400, NVIDIA 9400, NVIDIA 7xxx series and Intel GMA series. The following cards require you to have 4GB of System RAM: NVIDIA 320M, Intel HD 3000.

Designed for Intel processors only.

Languages: English, Czech, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Spanish

Instructions
Install game to ~/Applications.
Launch game and click Play. App is pre-cracked. No need to patch again with provided crack.
Use Little Snitch to block the game calling home.

Courtesy of the MG Team
Game patch provided by The Blade Corporation