Trans-Siberian Orchestra - The Christmas Attic [MP3 320kbps][Nautilus-BT]
Join www.nautilus-bt.org

[img]http://img810.imageshack.us/img810/6972/tsotca.jpg[/img]

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra (often abbreviated to TSO) is a progressive rock band founded in 1993 by producer, composer, and lyricist Paul O'Neill, who brought together Jon Oliva and Al Pitrelli (both members of Savatage) and keyboardist and co-producer Robert Kinkel to form the core of the creative team. The band's musical style incorporates classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into hard rock and heavy metal. The orchestra is most famous for their Christmas-themed series of rock operas (Christmas Eve and Other Stories, The Christmas Attic, and The Lost Christmas Eve), for which they do an annual winter tour. Their other releases are based on historical themes (Beethoven's Last Night and Night Castle). Trans-Siberian Orchestra is also known for their extensive charity work and elaborate concerts, which are complete with a full orchestra, a massive light show, lasers, dozens of pyrotechnics, moving trusses, video screens, and other effects that are synchronized to the actual music.

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra is known for their incorporation of classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into rock and heavy metal music. They are listed under many genres, but mostly symphonic rock, progressive rock, neo-classical metal, and classical music. Three of their albums – Christmas Eve and Other Stories (1996), The Christmas Attic (1998), The Lost Christmas Eve (2004) – are based around Christmas themes. These rock operas, collectively known as the "Christmas trilogy," remain their best-selling and most famous works.

Both in the recording studio and live, Trans-Siberian Orchestra uses a full orchestra, choirs, and a constantly growing and changing group of singers and musicians. It was founded and is produced and led by head composer and lyricist Paul O'Neill, alongside composer and vocalist Jon Oliva and guitarist and music director Al Pitrelli (both members of the progressive metal band Savatage), with co-producer, composer, and keyboardist Robert Kinkel.

The Christmas Attic is the second album by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, a rock opera, and the second installment of their Christmas Trilogy, the sequel to Christmas Eve and Other Stories and the prequel to The Lost Christmas Eve. This album contains a mix of vocal and instrumental songs.

The track "Christmas Canon," one of the orchestra's most well-known songs, is a cover of Johann Pachelbel's famous Canon in D Major, with lyrics added.

It is Christmas Eve, and the Lord sends his youngest angel off on a second mission, asking him to "leave the one thing behind that would most benefit all of mankind." The angel goes down to earth and comes across a young girl who was troubled about the meaning of Christmas. He leads the girl to her attic and then to a trunk containing old letters and Christmas cards. Through the night she reunites old friends mentioned in the letters and discovers the magic of Christmas.


TrackList

01 - The Ghosts Of Christmas Eve
02 - Boughs Of Holly
03 - The World That She Sees
04 - The World That He Sees
05 - Midnight Christmas Eve
06 - The March Of The Kings/Hark The Herald Angels Sing
07 - The Three Kings And I (What Really Happened)
08 - Christmas Canon
09 - Joy/Angels We Have Heard On High
10 - Find Our Way Home
11 - Appalachian Snowfall
12 - The Music Box
13 - The Snow Came Down
14 - Christmas In The Air
15 - Dream Child (A Christmas Dream)
16 - An Angel's Share
17 - Music Box Blues 

----------------------------------------------

Formato                          : MPEG Audio
Versione del formato             : Version 1
Profilo del formato              : Layer 3
Modalità                         : Costante
BitRate                          : 320 Kbps
Canali                           : 2 canali
SamplingRate                     : 44,1 KHz

----------------------------------------------




Join www.nautilus-bt.org