AC-DC - Big Gun [promo].VOB


Very HQ rare "Last Action Hero" movie soundtrack promo music video. "Big Gun" is a song by AC/DC. It was released as a single in 1993 and can be heard on the soundtrack to the Arnold Schwarzenegger movie Last Action Hero, as well as during reruns of the Savage Nation talk show as bumper music. It was later released on the 2009 box set Backtracks. It became the band's first No. 1 on the Album Rock Tracks chart in 1993.
 
AC/DC has only played the song live once during 1996 rehearsals but never at an official show, even though it is considered a fan favourite.

This music video, directed by David Mallet, begins with Schwarzenegger breaking an entrance door to an AC/DC concert. As he walks around the crowd and the stage, observing each band member, Angus kicks his cap towards him. When Schwarzenegger puts on the cap, his clothes morph into Angus' trademark school uniform costume and signature Gibson SG. He then starts imitating Angus' on-stage antics throughout the video, including a scene in which Angus Young actually climbs up on Schwarzennegger's back and rides around the stage perched on his shoulders while continuing to play his guitar chords. The video also features a young Shavo Odadjian, the future bassist for the Armenian-American alternative metal band System of a Down.
 
The video was similar to the one for "You Could Be Mine" (released to promote Terminator 2: Judgement Day), where Schwarzenegger interacted with Guns N' Roses. (also uploaded)

AC/DC are an Australian rock band, formed in 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young. Although the band are commonly classified as hard rock and are considered a pioneer of heavy metal, they have always classified their music as rock and roll. To date they are one of the highest grossing bands of all time. AC/DC underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, High Voltage, in 1975. Membership remained stable until bassist Mark Evans was replaced by Cliff Williams in 1978 for the album Powerage. Within months of recording the album Highway to Hell, lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980, after a night of heavy alcohol consumption. The group briefly considered disbanding, but Scott's parents urged them to continue and hire a new vocalist. Ex-Geordie singer Brian Johnson was auditioned and selected to replace Scott. Later that year, the band released their highest selling album, Back in Black.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Gun 
      
http://bayimg.com/IAEGiAADD 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 9800kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 256kbps
   Duration: 00:04:35




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated January 31, 2011!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	