TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Trillian 5 Pro for Windows v5.0.0.33 (c) 2011 Cerulean Studios

Date: 05/31/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type
Registration/Serial Crack
Activation Crack
Trial Crack
X Server Check Crack
Serial
Hidden/Added Features Enabler
Other

Loader Patcher        Patch      X Precracked        RegFile
Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

NOTE TO THE NUKER OF BUILD 32

First you can't nuke because of a developer issue (if you read
the updates on their site, you'd see the some ads popping up were
actually a bug).  Also if you took time to read that Astra saves
all your settings and must be connected to do so.  Then removing
a forced update sure can be done but Astra server will deny you a
connection to its server and also through some very annoying
reconnections in the background.  Sure older versions could be
patched to make them relay a different version, but to do this
with the latest build is impossible, who knows what future build
will have a forced update when the time comes.  Also having Astra
server seeing a newer build that doesn't exist yet isn't very
smart.  We have Trillian set to tell the main server your running
trial edition so your account that isn't pro, will not show that
your client is set to Pro atm.  So next time think about it
before you nuke and provide proof as well, a screenshot.  If you
want to blame someone blame the Minor Update rule (any updates to
an application must wait 2 weeks before it can be pred) or else
we would pre an updated crack right away.  If the ads bug you so
much, use the old talk.dll until TE pres the next version

Clean. Simple. Powerful

Streamlined social news feeds

Trillian 5's Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn support is fast,
uniform and integrated
Comprehensive: More types of feeds, like Facebook events and
Twitter searches
Flexible: Store feeds in your contact list and/or system tray
Quick: Instant updates to all services are just one click away
Interactive: View likes and read/write comments directly within
Trillian
Detailed: Links and pictures are expanded automatically to
avoid opening the web browser

Designed for Windows 7
Trillian 5 feels right at home in all versions of Windows. Our
clean and pleasant user interface has been carefully designed
to smoothly integrate with the operating system

Synchronized chat history
Never miss a message again with Trillian 5's fully
synchronized chat history. The power of the Trillian network
ensures your contact list, accounts, and chat history are
automatically shared between your desktops and phones

Foursquare with GPS support
Our newly-supported Foursquare plugin lets you meet up with
new friends and discover new places Powered by the GPS support
in Windows 7, you can even check-in right from Trillian

A truly compact interface
Stuck on a netbook with a tiny screen? No problem. Switching
between our full and compact user interfaces is only a click
away in Trillian 5. No need to change skins, no need to wait,
and no need to worry about Trillian hogging your desktop
Compact, slim and fast

What is Trillian

Connect to your IM, mail, and social networks in one place
Trillian can connect to AIM, Windows Live, Yahoo, Google,
Facebook Chat, Jabber, Skype and a lot more. Trillian 5
introduces improved Facebook Chat via XMPP and support for
Foursquare, LinkedIn, and studiVZ / meinVZ / schuelerVZ chat

Fully customizable and extensible
With a multitude of options and a comprehensive library of
plugins, skins and skin packs, you can extend and customize
Trillian in any way imaginable. Show RSS feeds or even play
music while chugging along with a contact list right out of
Terminator 5

Optimized for Windows
Trillian is built directly in C using native Windows APIs
Not relying on third-party runtimes or toolkits means lower
memory consumption and direct access to native Windows
features as soon as they're made available to developers
Trillian 5 for Windows is the smoothest and fastest version
of Trillian ever

Whats New In v5.0.0.33

======
FIXED
======

12990Kevin Kurtz FIXEDAlerts Pop-Up
Advertisement Notifications steal focus and cause instability
with many full-screen 3D applications. Recommend disabling when
trillian lacks focus
13005Kevin KurtzFIXEDMessage Window Don't
'bulk up' systray ads
13004Kevin KurtzFIXEDMessage Window If a
window is not in focus, the ad click should not happen
12982Kevin KurtzFIXEDMessage Window Pro
license - still getting ads

For More Info on Trillian 5 Pro for Windows Visit 
http://www.trillian.im/learn/tour-trillian5.html

TE Release Filename: tt50033x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Step #1

Run trillian-v5.0.0.33.exe and read below before doing install

It is prefered that you do not click Launch on the final
installation Window, instead click the X at the top right.  If
you clicked launch (don't worry nothing wrong can happen), close
Trillian 5 down first.  Next copy contents of the Crack folder to
the installed folder of Trillian 5 Pro, making sure to overwrite
the existing files.  If you have already setup your account with
a previous version then your done, if not follow on to Step #2
below

Step #2

Launch Trillian 5 Pro and Register a new Trillian Account.  Fill
out required information (real email is needed for confirmation
and make sure to UNCHECK I have previously purchased Trillian
Pro.  Check your email and get confirmation code.  Apply code and
now continue to setup your IM accounts.  You now how a fully
registered version of Trillian 5 Pro  Also remember the Trillian
Account IS REQUIRED for your settings to be saved

Thats it  Enjoy

T E  2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code
