This video is only about 18 minutes long, but like most of his interviews.., is VERY well articulated and more than worth your time to watch.

As far as I know, this interview was made only a few years before his "bogus entrapment" arrest for violating one VERY small immigration law (February 5th 2003).  It was engineered and arm-twisted by "they" (you know.., those that are not to be mentioned) in order to shut down the projects that he and his wife were working on.

This "great and egregious violation" of the US immigration law, was nothing more than Mr. Zundel missing the very routine "2nd interview" (15-30 minutes maximum !) that was to be with his American wife (Ingrid) and an immigration agent.  This interview is required to prove that they still had a "bona-fide marriage" (joint checking account, housing, insurance, photos, etc.) after being officially married for one year.  This interview is required approximately one year after an immigrant marries a US citizen (at which time is the 1st official interview with an immigration agent).  This 2nd interview.., is nothing more than a follow-up interview.

BUT.., here's "the twist" !!  What "they" did.., was to change his interview appointment date to an earlier date.., BUT without first notifying him !!!   So of course, when he didn't show up for his "appointment", "they" just came to his home (multiple armed agents at that !) and arrested him for being in violation of federal immigration statutes.  What an easy (and cowardly) set-up it was by "them".

The rest is now history.  Two years in a Canadian type of "gulag" prison, and then another 5 years in a German prison.  Now, as of the Summer of 2010, he was FINALLY released and living in his ancestral home of south-western Germany !

The only thing is.., he cannot come back to the USA for another 20 years because of his violation.., AND his wife.., cannot go to ANY of the European countries, for fear of being arrested (and imprisoned !), just because she runs a web-site dealing with the same subjects that her husband has in the past !

So for now.., until they can win some kind of "battle".., on either of these two VERY controlled continents.., these two VERY devoted and loving people.., can only on RARE occasions (and at GREAT expense) meet AND hold each other again...

In this interview, Ernst Zundel speaks about how and why he asked Fred Leuchter, the only known gas chamber expert in the country (if not the world) to go to Poland and scientifically research (to record and return actual samples for forensic testing) whether or not such gas chambers ever existed.  There were great risks involved with such a mission (the international political pandering to "they").  This was done, in order that this "expert" was to enter testimony in Mr. Zundel's trial in Canada.  All this, in spite of the fact that Mr. Zundel knew quite well, that Fred Leuchter believed quite strongly (just as Ernst Zundel had many years ago) in the stories of "the gas-chambers" existing...

The quality of the video is far more than a "watchable" (A9 / V8)

As always.., after watching this short but very poignantly spoken interview.., do your best to then PASS IT ON.., in whatever way possible...

!!! "Truth Does NOT Fear Investigation" !!!
