
Name: iFreeje

Price: 2.99$

Category: Business
Released: Aug 27, 2010
Version: 1.8.1
2.3 MB
Language: English
Seller: Telecomax Ltd.
Requirements: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch and iPad. Requires iPhone OS 3.0 or later.
App Store link: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/ifreeje/id387586083?mt=8
Application site to register: http://ifreeje.com


Video links:
English:

Icon link (100x100):

Screenshots links:(iFreeje main window)


iFreeje: Inexpensive and Handy International Calls

Review:
Summury: iFreeje – it’s an application for cheap international calls from iPhone which is great for tourists, people living abroad and people who need to call abroad.
iFreeje application allows you to get free callbacks to Skype from iPhone outside Wi-Fi zones and to top-up using the application.


iFreeje is a application for iPhone that allows to call abroad inexpensively. It uses callback technology: it means callback request is processed by the server, so the call is rated as an income one for both participants of the conversation. Thus you can get cheapness and high quality of the connection. It works for every country which has a GSM connection. Also you need mobile phone Internet connection (3G, GPRS, EDGE, Wi-Fi) to send a short callback request.

Moreover, with iFreeje you can call to Skype from your iPhone. There are few similar applications need Wi-Fi for this. Unlike them, iFreeje connects with Skype by GSM network, so it is not necessary to be inside a Wi-Fi zone. And even more: using iFreeje you can connect Skype with a landline phone — you have never seen something like this!

You can pay for iFreeje calls in 19 ways including PayPal and credit cards. It is possible to top-up a balance from an account on the official site of the application, as well as with the application itself. The money on your balance will be saved even if you didn't work with the application for a very long time. And it is very usable to check the balance directly from the application and to see the call price just before you call.

All you need to work with iFreeje is to register, to write down your registration info in the application on your phone and top-up your iFreeje balance.

iFreeje features:
-Call from iPhone to any other cell or landline phone worldwide
-Call from iPhone (and from landline phones) to Skype
-Top-up your balance and control everything via the application
-Get information about calling rates before you even call
-You don't need a SIP account and high-speed Internet connection
-Operates only with iFreeje balance service, not with balance of the mobile phone.

It's easy to communicate with the whole world. Join us!
