Japanese Anime : Action : DVD quality : English
A HARDCORE CYBERPUNK CLASSIC!


NOTES:
I created these multi-audio XviD avi\\\'s from DVD sources provided by hairyshit. His original DVD version can be found on Demonoid here:

The three movies contain the original UK audio soundtrack by Rory McFarlane, the original Japanese audio, and another English soundtrack. The audio was difficult to sych 100% correctly on the 2nd movie as there seemed to be some creep that was not uniform. It\\\'s synched to the best fit and only VERY SLIGHTLY goes out of synch at a few small parts that are hardly noticeable. This is how it was on the DVD itself. The subtitles were re-synched and spell-checked/corrected into UK English.
Many thanks (for sources and for helpful info) to hairyshit.

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0220218/

FROM IMDB: (editor-107 from Canada)
The plot might seem simple and well worn, three criminals offered a reprieve if they take the cases for the Police that no-one else will take, but the development has been truly awesome. Indeed, I have brought the series several times, only to have people who were friends be prepared to become enemies, just for a chance to run off with my copy.
Curiously, I loathe most Manga with its convoluted and contrived stories and gross out monsters ravaging innocent little girls, yet this avoids all that junk and deeply appeals, even to me. Each f the tales is told in the style of the three, highly imaginative characters: Sengoku, a sort of Sam Spade of the 28th Century: Gogul, a monstrous thug who is also a grandmaster at computer-hacking and Bensen, a transvestite who, despite all his shinny nail varnish, is an expert assassin.
Sadly, the series has one, monumental drawback, THEY ONLY EVER MADE THREE. Why, I have no idea. I even phoned the studio in frustration when I discovered this, yet was blandly assured that the project simply ran for three episodes and then they moved onto something else. It\\\'s like breaking the home-run record for a season and then quitting baseball before you\\\'ve picked up the trophy. Now that was a TRUE CRIME ...worthy of Senguku.










VIDEO INFORMATION:
Format: MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP: Yes
Format settings, QPel: No
Format settings, GMC: No warppoints
Codec ID: XVID
Width: 720 pixels
Height: 576 pixels
Frame rate: 25.000 fps
Standard: PAL
Resolution: 24 bits

DATA 1 - Virtual Death (Memories of the Past)
Duration: 42mn 31s
Bit rate: 1720 Kbps

DATA 2 - Psychic Trooper (The Decoy Program)
Duration: 44mn 36s
Bit rate: 1612 Kbps

DATA 3 - Blood Lust (Crimson Media)
Duration: 40mn 37s
Bit rate: 1827 Kbps

AUDIO INFORMATION: (all tracks)
Format: AC-3
Bit rate mode: Constant
Bit rate: 192 Kbps
Channel(s): 2 channels
Sampling rate: 48.0 KHz

SUBTITLES:
Language: (UK)English
Format: .srt
Soft Sub (External)

TRAILER:

Original Demonoid Link: