Let There Be Rock: The Movie - Live in Paris

Let There Be Rock: The Movie – Live in Paris is a live double CD by the hard rock band AC/DC, released as "Disc Two" and "Disc Three" of the Bonfire box set in 1997.

The album was recorded live at the Pavillon de Paris in Paris, France on 9 December 1979, during the Highway to Hell World Tour. A motion picture of this concert, entitled AC/DC: Let There Be Rock, was released theatrically and on videotape in 1980, and on DVD on 7 June 2011.[1] However, the movie does not contain the performance of "T.N.T." included on this album. The album also does not contain the band interviews found on the film.

Though this album shares a name with AC/DC's fourth studio album, Let There Be Rock, it also includes live versions of songs from High Voltage (Australian), T.N.T., Powerage, and Highway to Hell. The cover used on "Disc Three" of the Bonfire box set featured similar cover art to that used on the international and current Australian editions of the Let There Be Rock album, and on the movie poster and videotape package of AC/DC: Let There Be Rock.

It is also notable that one song from the show, "If You Want Blood (You've Got It)", is missing from both the theatrical and soundtrack releases. This song would be in between the tracks "T.N.T." and "Let There Be Rock" as the first of two encores, the other being the title track.

The album is one of two live albums in Bonfire, the other being Live from the Atlantic Studios. Both albums are two of three live albums in an AC/DC rarity box set, the other being Live Rarities in Backtracks.

Released 	November 18, 1997
Recorded 	December 9, 1979
Genre 	        Hard rock
Length 	        79:02
Label 	        East West
Producer 	Tony Platt


Track listing

Disc 2

    "The Jack" – 6:05
    "Highway to Hell" – 3:30
    "Girls Got Rhythm" – 3:20
    "High Voltage" – 6:32
    "Whole Lotta Rosie" – 4:55
    "Rocker" – 10:45
    "T.N.T." – 4:13
    "Let There Be Rock" – 7:34


NOTE:

Extension File Format: mp3

Bitrate: 128 kbps


REAPER