 http://bayimg.com/BaIflAADK

Latter Days (2003) 

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0345551/

Latter Days is a 2003 American romantic drama film about a gay relationship between a closeted Mormon missionary and his openly gay neighbor. The film was written and directed by C. Jay Cox. It stars Steve Sandvoss as the missionary, Aaron, and Wes Ramsey as the neighbor, Christian. Joseph Gordon-Levitt appears as Elder Ryder, and Rebekah Johnson as Julie Taylor. Mary Kay Place, Amber Benson and Jacqueline Bisset have supporting roles.

  Steve Sandvoss  ...  Elder Aaron Davis  
  Wes Ramsey  ...  Christian Markelli  
  Rebekah Johnson  ...  Julie Taylor (as Rebekah Jordan)  
  Amber Benson  ...  Traci Levine  
  Khary Payton  ...  Andrew  
  Jacqueline Bisset  ...  Lila  
  Joseph Gordon-Levitt  ...  Elder Paul Ryder  
  Rob McElhenney  ...  Elder Harmon  
  Dave Power  ...  Elder Gilford  
  Erik Palladino  ...  Keith Griffin  
  Mary Kay Place  ...  Sister Gladys Davis  
  Jim Ortlieb  ...  Brother Farron Davis  
  Linda Pine  ...  Susan Davis  
  Bob Gray  ...  Susan's Husband  
  Judee Morton  ...  Noreen (as Judith Morton Fraser)  

Latter Days premiered at the Philadelphia International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival on July 10, 2003 and was released across the United States over the next 12 months. Later the film was released in a few other countries and shown at several gay film festivals. It was the first film to portray openly the clash between the principles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and homosexuality, and its exhibition in some U.S. states was controversial. Various religious groups demanded that the film be withdrawn from theaters and video stores under boycott threats.

The film was met with mixed reactions from film critics, but was popular with most film festival attendees. At the North American box office however, Latter Days only made $834,685, barely covering the productions costs with an estimated budget of $850,000. In 2004, freelance writer T. Fabris made Latter Days into a novel, which was published by Alyson Publications.

C. Jay Cox has stated that the film is primarily about a love story between two characters. There is also an exploration of religious attitudes towards homosexuality, and the dilemma of religious homosexuals, torn between who they are and what they believe. A non-fiction film with similar themes that has been contrasted with Latter Days is Trembling Before G-d.

Cox has also said that there is a massive irony, both in the film and in real life, that a religion so focused on the family and its importance is ripping families apart through its teaching on homosexuality. In fact, Cox believes one cannot be Mormon and gay. Nevertheless, a major theme of Latter Days is that there is an underlying spirituality in the world that goes beyond the rituals and dogmas of religion.

Latter Days was written and directed by C. Jay Cox after the success of his previous screenplay, Sweet Home Alabama, gave him the financial resources and critical credit to write a more personal love story. Cox based both characters – Christian and Aaron – on himself. He was raised as a Mormon and served a mission before coming out as gay, and had wondered what the two halves of himself would have said to each other if they had ever met.

Latter Days was filmed in several locations in Los Angeles in 24 days on an estimated budget of $850,000. After Cox had financed the search for initial backing, funding was acquired from private investors who wanted to see the film made. However producer Kirkland Tibbels still faced several bottlenecks, as financing the whole film remained difficult. It was distributed through TLA Releasing, an independent film distributor, who picked it up through its partnership with production company Funny Boy Films, which specializes in gay-themed media.

Despite coming from a Mormon background, Cox had to research details of the excommunication tribunal, which is held after Aaron is sent back to Idaho. Former Mormons told him about their experiences and provided Cox with a pretty accurate representation, right down to the folding tables. According to Cox experienced actress Jacqueline Bisset also added valuable suggestions for improvements to the story.

Casting for the two main characters did not focus on their sexuality, but their ability to show vulnerability. In a Behind the Scenes commentary Steve Sandvoss explains, that he did not want to play his character as gay character, Wes Ramsey emphasizes the love story aspect of the film detached from the character's gender. Due to several nude and kissing scenes Latter days was released unrated.

Latter Days premiered at the Philadelphia International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival on July 10, 2003. The audience enjoyed the film so much that they gave it a standing ovation. When the cast came on stage, they received another standing ovation. The film had a similar reception both at Outfest a week later, and at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. The film also screened at Seattle and Washington film festivals, before being released across the United States over the next 12 months. Later the film was released in a few other countries and shown at several gay film festivals,[10] as the ones in Barcelona and Madrid (where it was also a popular pick)[ and Mexico City. Since its initial release it had already received nine best film awards, as Cox mentioned 2005 during the featurette on the UK release DVD.

The film was banned by Madstone Theaters, an arthouse cinema chain with nine theaters across the country, which claimed it was not up to our artistic quality. The company was pressured with threatened boycotts and protests by conservative groups to withdraw their planned release. At the North American box office, Latter Days made $834,685 from a maximum of 19 theaters. As of January 2011, the film is the top grossing film from its distributor TLA Releasing.

Critics' reviews of the film have been mixed. The film review website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 45% of critics gave the film positive write-ups, based upon a sample of 44, with an average score of 5.4/10. Frank Scheck, reviewer for The Hollywood Reporter, wrote: Cox's screenplay, while occasionally lapsing into the sort of clichés endemic to so many gay-themed films, generally treats its unusual subject matter with dignity and complexity. Film critic Roger Ebert gave it two and a half stars out of four, writing the movie could have been (a) a gay love story, or (b) an attack on the Mormon Church, but is an awkward fit by trying to be (c) both at the same time. Michael Wilmington of the Chicago Tribune commented this movie is often as kitschy and artificial as ... 'Sweet Home Alabama'.

There have been positive reviews as well, like the Toronto Sun critic Liz Braun saying Latter Days was the most important gay male movie of the past few years. Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times was also positive, saying, at once romantic, earthy and socially critical, Latter Days is a dynamic film filled with humor and pathos. Gary Booher, an editor for the LGBT Mormon organization Affirmation, said It was so realistic that it was scary. I felt exposed as the particulars of my experience and of others I know was brazenly spread across the big screen for all to behold.

