	-------------------------------------------------------------
					README for
		Unofficial Windows 98 SE *3in1* Bootable image for 
		Emulators such as MS Virtual PC, VM Ware, etc. 
					August 2005
	-------------------------------------------------------------

	This release can be used on a real PC is installed corect on a Xenix, FAT, or 
	FAT32 partition. Can create automaticly the fat32 partition on spare space and 
	then can format the fresh partition and start the Windows Setup Wizard.
	On the CD is included MS-DOS 7.1 special build so that old Windows 3.11 can be 
	installed on save virtual enviroment, partition or on same drive with bual boot. 
	However some options may not work direct from the boot menu in MS Virtual PC. 
	The Internet Explorer build is a personalized version of ie 5.x, with latest 
	upgrades that works on Windows 95 @ year 2001 level. 

	Since all supported componets from unofficial service pack are allready 
	installed is not recomandated that included 2.1a pack to be re-installed since 
	will only break some icons reventing to old Windows 95 style. To refresh some 
	system files you can run instead sysfsupd.exe from this CD. 	
	
	The installation inludeds Unofficial SP2.1a and the UberSkin support from the 
	Windows 98 Revolutions Pack, however there are some prerequired and after should 
	the included Internet Explorer 6 SP1 be installed to fix the taskbar icons for 
	some styles.
	The build icons set are borrowed from Windows XP and require 16/24/32 bit 
	high color video card to show icons with maximum numbers of colors supported. 
	
	In the base setup there is a special himem system driver and virtual memory 
	driver that should allow installing Windows 98 on a partition with more then 
	1GB RAM memory and in ValueAdd there is a subfolder with latest version of 
	KernelX (with the src code) that allows installing programs writen specialy 
	for Windows XP such as latest version of Mozilla Firefox web browser or to 
	load Winamp from a shared drive in compatibilty mode.  
	If you dont know how to share the internet connection with the virtual 
	enviroment or if you test this CD on a real machine you can run install 
	first the older version "KernelEx.exe" that does not require a any 
	internet connection.
	
	Like other Windows ISO images that can be downloaded for free from 
	microsoft.com, and require a valide Windows 98 OEM or Retail VLK 
	that is not included with this setup.
	Note that the OEM version does not let you login in Windows after install
	if you dont enter a valid key.
	
	ScreenShot: 	http://img295.imageshack.us/img295/9180/windows98sp1.png 	http://img844.imageshack.us/img844/2208/windows98sedesktopjpg.png 	http://image.bayimg.com/caphfaacf.jpg
