Disc: 1
1. Behind the Gardens/Behind the Wall/Under the Tree
2. Pyramid-In the Wood-In the Bright Light
3. Micro-Macro
4. Skin and Skin
5. Moonlight, Wrapped Around Him
6. Lion and Sheep
7. Sunday
8. Afternoon
9. Hands and Clouds
10. Caverna Magica
11. Mandragora
12. Lunar Pond
13. Schajah Saretosh
14. Sena Stanjena? 
15. Belladonna 	
16. Angóh! 
17. Huiziopochtli 
18. Con Chiglia 
19. Geastrum Coronatum 
Disc: 2
1. The White Winds/White Boat (First View) 
2. Hall of the Stars/Hall of the Mosaics (Meeting You) 
3. The Glass Hall (Choose the Crystal)/The Play of the Five Balls/The ...
4. The Woman and the Stone
5. The Stone (Close-Up) 
6. Phases of the Three Moons 
7. Flight Feet & Root Hands 
8. Brothership 
9. Sisterseed 
10. The Trilogy (At the White Magic Gardens) /The White Winds 
11. The Shepherd [I] 
12. The Gate Within the Gate... [II] 
13. Her Cat Dance (IV)
14. The Letter "V" 
15. Little Boy and the Mirror (VI) 
16. A Walk With My Father (VII) 
17. Summer Rain (VIII) 
18. Desert in the Hourglass 
19. Intermission 
20. Pace Verde 



From Wikipedia

Andreas Vollenweider (born October 4, 1953) is a Swiss musician. His music has been categorized as World Music, Jazz, New Age and even Classical; two of his albums were number 1 on the Billboard charts simultaneously in the categories Classical, Jazz, Pop and Crossover for more than 11 weeks. His music could be described as very dynamic and colorful. His primary instrument is an electrically modified harp of his own design, but he also plays a wide variety of instruments from around the world, including the Chinese guzheng. His albums feature many musicians performing his compositions with him, ranging from simple solos to suites for orchestra and soloists. His music is mostly instrumental but he has occasionally forayed into vocal music as well.

His past collaborators include Bobby McFerrin, Carly Simon, Djivan Gasparyan, Eliza Gilkyson, Luciano Pavarotti, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Carlos Núñez, Ray Anderson, and Milton Nascimento.

Politically, Andreas Vollenweider is an outspoken pacifist and follower of the principles of non-violent conflict management of Mahatma Gandhi. On his website[1] he features quotes from Gandhi (among others), and in an effort to spread awareness of the American war in Iraq, he has also posted a ticker reflecting the current number of casualties in the conflict, both American and Iraqi.