Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S01 to 03 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4
10 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo



It can not have escaped your notice that we as a nation are currently drifting up a certain well-known creek, economically, politically, socially... er... totally. So where are the great ideas, theories and visions to help us in our hour of need?

Comedian-activist, Mark Thomas is trying to create a People's Manifesto. In this new Radio 4 show, the audience gets to come up with their own policies, with Mark including some of them in the final manifesto we will go on to campaign for.

Mark is looking for ideas that will improve our lives, be they silly, serious, economic, plagiarised, original, bold, simple, complex, obvious or morbid.

Many ideas are considered on the night, some are dismissed out of hand, some discussed with the kind of experts who know about these kinds of things, and some Mark will actually try to put into practice.


Comedy.org.uk Review: 

Quote:This programme made an ok start, but one can't help but compare it to the currently superior Genius - which is remarkably similar in that the live audience get to pitch ideas to the presenter. Genius has the slight edge at the moment, because its ideas are slightly wackier and more amusing.

Mark Thomas is better when he is campaigning for important things he really believes in... so hopefully he will return to doing that for his next show.


Cast:
Mark Thomas


Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S01 - E01
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S01 - E02

Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S02 - E01
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S02 - E02
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S02 - E03
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S02 - E04

Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S03 - E01
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S03 - E02
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S03 - E03
Mark Thomas - The Manifesto - S03 - E04




Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits	


[


I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don't have time to keep trying.
If it's down then it's skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don't miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)



.
