SkyDrift RIP

 Release Date  :  23/12/2011   
 Company     :  Kalypso Media Digital



   Get closer than ever before to the world of adrenaline pumping           
   sky-racing where flyboys can test and master their flying and combat     
   skills against the deadliest opponents! Admire amazingly detailed        
   terrains. Unlock state-of-the-art planes and personalize them with       
   unique racing skins.                                                     
                                                                            
   Be the first on the single and multiplayer challenges, where             
   possibilities are limited only by your own imagination.                  
                                                                            
   The goal is simple: If you canĺt overtake them, shoot them down!         
                                                                            
   Features:                                                                
                                                                            
   Eight Modern Planes to Fly: Choose from eight modern, state-of-the       
   art airplanes turned into killing machines, each with four different     
   skins for a total of 32 unique racing skins.                             
                                                                            
   Six Power-ups! Capture up to two different powers in your planeĺs        
   arsenal, then collect upgrades to increase the strength of those         
   existing powers. Strategy becomes key as you must choose which powers    
   to keep, which ones to upgrade and which ones to convert into Boost      
   energy                                                                   
                                                                            
   Stunning Visuals: Race through scenic venues like the Grand              
   Canyon, Alaskan Terrain and Hawaiian Islands, created with beautiful,    
   vibrant colors.                                                          
                                                                            
   8-person Multiplayer: Take your friends down online in this fast         
   and furious battle.                                                      
                                                                            
   Three Unique Game Modes: Power Race Mode is high-speed racing            
   paired with power-ups; Speed Race Mode where players navigate the        
   course through ring targets that accelerates plane speed and Survival    
   Mode where pilots race against the countdown clock and each other.


Install Notes:
                                  
   1. Install by running unl-skyd.exe                                       
   2. Start game with SkyDrift.exe                                          
   3. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Additional Notes:                                                        
                                                                            
   Game is multi 5: English, German, French, Italian and Spanish            
                                                                            
   Game detects your windows language setting and set language after that.  
   So change your windows settings, if you want to play in another language!
                                                                            
   Game needs:                                                              
                                                                            
   Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package (x86)                  
                                                                            
   http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/confirmation.aspx?FamilyID=a7b7a05e
   -6de6-4d3a-a423-37bf0912db84                                             
                                                                            
   Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package (x64)                  
                                                                            
   http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=bd512d9e-43c8
   -4655-81bf-9350143d5867                                                  
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!