Bayonetta for XBox 360                                           Rel. 01/05/2010


DVD9 Region Free
Wave 3
English
Stealth Patched, No AP2.5, Not XGD3.


Discs:            1
Image:            .DVD/ISO
Genre.:           Action
Rating:           Mature
Requirements:     Modded or Flashed Drive (iXtreme or LT+)



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: Your xbox360 console must be Modded or drive flashed with Ixtreme
      to play any copy. It isn't recommended to play any game copy online 
      unless your using LT+. Even then you still run the risk of getting 
      banned so just be aware of that.




Game Description:

Bayonetta is an action game created by Hideki Kamiya. After 500 years of sleep, a witch named Bayonetta awakes and finds herself confronted by enemies. With no recollection of who she is or the reason she is being attacked, Bayonetta must battle her way through the city of Vigrid while her memory returns. 

Bayonetta can magically shape her hair into anything and uses it as a weapon to eliminate her enemies. She also has 4 guns at her disposal, two handguns and two attached to her heels. Bayonetta's guns are interchangeable with other weapons that are accessible throughout the game. Weapons can be bought or will be dropped by enemies defeated in battle, weapons bought can be upgraded but weapons dropped by enemies are only temporary.

The game features slow-motion in the form of Witch Time, which is activated with a well-timed dodge during battle. In this mode Bayonetta can counter-attack enemies before they have the chance to react.


Features:

* Top Developer Pedigree- Built from the ground up by PlatinumGames, a newly 
  formed studio from gaming's most celebrated development teams (DMC & Resident  
  Evil series). 

* Unique, Sexy Female Lead Character- Bayonetta is a graceful, stylish & all
  action heroine with a distinctive character design playing an integral part of
  her special attacks. 

* Angelic enemies- Fight against uniquely crafted angelic enemies casting a new
  light on good and evil. 

* Groundbreaking Acrobatic Gameplay- Bayonetta wields an impressive arsenal of
  weapons on her hands and feet through an intuitive and fluid combat system
  unrivalled in gaming. She unleashes deadly combos and special attacks with
  devastating results. 

* Interchangeable weapons- In addition to her four enchanted guns called
  Scarborough Fair, she can unlock an array of weapons from shotguns, bazookas and
  fiery claws. 

* Enemy weapons- Bayonetta can also battle with a variety of other weapons
  retrieved from fallen enemies. 

* Bayonetta also possesses an assortment of special magical attacks:
 
    - Torture Attacks- Unleash gruesome devices such as the Iron Maiden,
      Guillotine and more to finish off enemies and send them to hell by charging
      your Magic gauge.
 
    - Demon Summons- Successfully link combo attacks together and Bayonetta will  
      summon supernatural forces to execute dynamic attacks. 

    - Beasts of Hell- To eliminate the upper ranks of her foes, Bayonetta's hair
      serves as a magical conduit to summon demonic beasts. 

    - Beast Within - Bayonetta calls upon primal forces, transforming into various
      beasts (Panthers, Bats, etc.) according to the situation.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.


If using DVD Decrypter make sure Layer Break (For DL Media) is at 1913760 user specified option. As DVD Decrypter doesn't recognize .DVD files.


If your new to the Xbox360 scene do some research online.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		