 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/414Oyd4w6zL._SL500_AA300_.jpg


Body Image, Second Edition: A Handbook of Science, Practice, and Prevention


 Publisher: The Guilford Press; Second Edition 
Thomas F. Cash, Linda Smolak
2011
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1609181824 
PDF 
512 Pages
3.03 MB

 The standard reference for practitioners, researchers, and students, this acclaimed work brings together internationally recognized experts from diverse mental health, medical, and allied health care disciplines. Contributors review established and emerging theories and findings; probe questions of culture, gender, health, and disorder; and present evidence-based assessment, treatment, and prevention approaches for the full range of body image concerns. Capturing the richness and complexity of the field in a readily accessible format, each of the 53 concise chapters concludes with an informative annotated bibliography. New to This Edition
 *Addresses the most urgent current questions in the field.
 *Reflects significant advances in key areas: assessment, body image in boys and men, obesity, illness-related body image issues, and cross-cultural research.
 *Conceptual Foundations section now incorporates evolutionary, genetic, and positive psychology perspectives.
 *Increased coverage of prevention.


 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41mWxz-huiL.jpg


Brain, Mind, and the Structure of Reality

Oxford University Press, Inc
Paul L. Nunez. 

2010
ENGLISH
ISBN: 019534071X 
320 pages 
CHM 
2.75 MB

 Does the brain create the mind, or is some external entity involved? In addressing this "hard problem" of consciousness, we face a central human challenge: what do we really know and how do we know it? Tentative answers in this book follow from a synthesis of profound ideas, borrowed from philosophy, religion, politics, economics, neuroscience, physics, mathematics, and cosmology, the knowledge structures supporting our meager grasps of reality. This search for new links in the web of human knowledge extends in many directions: the "shadows" of our thought processes revealed by brain imagining, brains treated as complex adaptive systems that reveal fractal-like behavior in the brain's nested hierarchy, resonant interactions facilitating functional connections in brain tissue, probability and entropy as measures of human ignorance, fundamental limits on human knowledge, and the central role played by information in both brains and physical systems. In Brain, Mind, and the Structure of Reality, Paul Nunez discusses the possibility of deep connections between relativity, quantum mechanics, thermodynamics, and consciousness: all entities involved with fundamental information barriers. Dr. Nunez elaborates on possible new links in this nested web of human knowledge that may tell us something new about the nature and origins of consciousness. In the end, does the brain create the mind? Or is the Mind already out there? You decide. By incorporating examples from disciplines not traditionally used by neuroscientists, he succeeds in demonstrating how complex systems can be formed from the interactions of many simpler parts.
 --Journal of the American Medical Association "Brain, Mind and the Structure of Reality is a worthwhile read for scientists as well as nonscientists interested in the origins of consciousness. The author presents many thought-provoking observations and hypotheses and in many cases demonstrates his ability to present complex physical and mathematical phenomena in a way that will be readily understood by readers without substantial training in either discipline." --JAMA Enjoy this great book! 
brain mind and the structure,



 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/515ngarrGwL._SS500_.jpg

Careers in Child Care

 McGraw-Hill; 3 edition 
Marjorie Eberts ,Margaret Gisler
2007 
ENGLISH
ISBN-10: 0071482113 
242 pages 
PDF 
1.18 MB

 Careers in child care are tremendously rewarding; it is also a field with diverse opportunities. In order to decide what job route is best for you, you need to begin with a clear plan: What will you specialize in? Do you need an advanced degree or certificate? How will you find the right place for you? Careers in Child Care has the answers. Here, you’ll discover all the information you need to find a satisfying and secure job doing what you love. Whether you want to work in a daycare center, become a nanny, or be a youth-league coach, this guide will help you: Clearly understand your various career options
 Key in on the specialty most suited for you—from in-home child care to pediatrics to child welfare
 Know what to expect when you start out
 Find the education and training you’ll need to stay ahead of the competition


 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51suYnPYAjL._SS500_.jpg

Clear Speech: Practical Speech Correction and Voice Improvement, 4th edition 


A&C; Black Childrens 
Malcolm Morrison
English 
2001  
ISBN: 0713657936 
90 pages 
PDF 
3.24 MB

This book gives clear guidance to good pronunciation and is written in an easily-accessible form. Many people can identify and solve their speech problems and significantly improve their voice by using tried and tested exercises. The systematic arrangement of the material with clear illustrations makes it easy for the layman to understand and work from effectively. This new edition contains additional exercises as well as an expanded chapter on Indistinct Speech.



 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51Yrc2jcTsL._SL500_PIsitb-sticker-arrow-big,TopRight,35,-73_OU02_AA300_.jpg


Everything That Happens to Me Is Good

Publisher: Summеrsdale 
Geoff Thompson
2007
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1840245972 
PDF 
160 pages 
1.03 MB

 "Everything That Happens to Me is Good" is a distillation of thoughts, experiences and hard won philosophy on living and dying, change, challenge, motivation and a whole lot more. This is a collection of insightful, moving and often provocative musings that will change the way you view your world. What makes this book refreshingly unique is that Geoff is a living embodiment of everything he writes. He discusses depression, because he has successfully overcome crippling depression, he writes about fear because he has made a career out of confronting and overcoming his own demons, similarly he writes about thinking impossible things, because he is in the habit of manifesting the seemingly impossible into his life.



 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/4171JV7C40L._SS500_.jpg

It's Getting Better All the Time: 100 Greatest Trends of the Last 100 years

Cato Institute
Moore, Stephen
2001
ENGLISH
 ISBN: 1882577973, 1882577965  
314 Pages 
PDF | 
2.44 MB 

 There has been more material progress in the United States in the 20th Century than in the entire world in all previous centuries combined. "More Americans than ever are living in greater affluence than ever before," concludes Moore, the Cato Institute's director of fiscal policy studies, who presents the extensive research of Julian Simon, the foremost environmental economist before his death. The core of the book deals with the long-term trends in areas such as health, diet and nutrition, wealth and income, poor Americans, housing, transportation and communications, education, safety, environmental protection, social and cultural indicators, and freedom and democracy. The authors' thesis is that there has been more material progress in the U.S. in the twentieth century than in the entire world in all previous centuries combined. Yet in the book's foreword Simon's widow contends that the killing of millions of people around the world because of Nazism, Stalinism, and Maoism must also be factored into any analysis of that century. The astounding progress in the U.S. will hopefully be replicated in the twenty-first century and extended to other nations throughout the world. 
 Mary Whaley


 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51h7tefl5CL._SS500_.jpg

Science and Myth: What We Are Never Told 

SOPHIA PERENNIS
Wolfgang Smith
2010 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1597310972, 1597310980 
193 pages 
PDF 
3.41 MB 

 In Science and Myth the author shows, in the first place, that science too has its mythology, unrecognized and unacknowledged though the fact be. These scientistic myths, however, turn out to constitute what he terms anti-myths: "a kind that would banish all others, and in so doing, undermine not only religion and morality, but indeed all culture in its higher modes." What invalidates the contemporary "scientific" world-view and renders it "mythical" in the pejorative sense, he goes on to contend, proves finally to be the underlying hypothesis that human perception terminates, not in an external object, but in a subjective phantasm. Not only does the author maintain cogently that visual perception, in particular, does penetrate to the external world, but basing himself on traditional sources-fromVedic to Biblical-he shows that sight as such opens in principle to a veritable gnosis: a "seeing of the Real."


 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41u4Zj%2BgU-L._SS500_.jpg


Self-Therapy for the Stutterer 

 Stuttering Foundation of America 
Malcolm Fraser, L.H.D.
2010
ENGLISH
ISBN-10: 0933388454 
196 pages 
PDF 
1.17 MB

 Outlines a self-therapy program which describes what the person who stutters can and should do to tackle the problem and control stuttering. Often used as a supplement to clinical treatment. This exciting revised 11th edition is written to and for the many adults and teens who stutter. It states confidently that as a person who stutters, you do not need to surrender helplessly to your speech difficulty because you can change the way you talk. You can learn to communicate with ease rather than with effort. There is no quick and easy way to tackle the problem, but with the right approach, self-therapy can be effective. Revised 11th edition 2010.


 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51VZ2TpOy6L._SS500_.jpg


Talent Conversations: What They Are, Why They're Crucial, and How to Do Them Right

Center for Creative Leadership 
Roland Smith , Michael Campbell
2011 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1604910933 
34 pages 
PDF 
1.05 MB 

 Individual leaders can have a significant amount of influence over the development of organizational talent. One of the simplest yet most effective ways to develop others is the talent conversation - a way of building on relationships that are based on rapport, collaboration, and mutual commitment in order to help the individuals you lead improve performance, focus development, and reach positive outcomes. Learn how to prepare for and facilitate effective talent conversations by using the Center for Creative Leadership's development framework of assessment, challenge, and support.


