Ghetto Cat Productions

p r o u d l y   p r e s e n t s ..::

Artist   : Flogging Molly
Title    : Speed Of Darkness

Genre    : Rock
Label    : Borstal Beat Records
Catnr    : BBR002
Type     : Album
Ripped   : May-25-2011
Released : May-31-2011
Source   : CDDA
Quality  : VBRkbps
Size     : 81,1 MB
URL      : floggingmolly.com

eh about this release

R E L E A S E   I N F O R M A T I O N

"Speed Of Darkness", the new album from
celebrated Celtic punk ensemble Flogging
Molly, is finally out on the group's newly
founded Borstal Beat Records. "Speed Of
Darkness" is Flogging Molly's fifth, and
arguably most important album. In the words of
lead singer and songwriter Dave King, "It
wasn't the album we set out to write. It
became the album we had to write."

"Speed Of Darkness" was written in Detroit, MI
and takes a hard-nosed look at the economic
collapse in the US: the causes and the direct
effect it has had on everyday people. The
Motor City serves as the album's muse and one
of the biggest examples of what has gone
wrong. While "Speed Of Darkness" attacks much
of the greed and ignorance responsible for
where we are, the album also delivers a
message of hope, humanity and the resilience
of mankind. It reminds us how we grow stronger
when faced with adversity and how we bond
together and become more involved.

"Speed Of Darkness" features Flogging Molly's
own blend of rock, folk, punk, blues and
traditional Irish music with King's populist
poetry. The title track explodes with an
intense rush of pure adrenaline and passion.
The same can be said of "The Power's Out",
Oliver Boy" and "Don't Shut 'Em Down", while,
"So Sail On" and "The Cradle Of Humankind" cut
straight to the heart with their gorgeous
melodies and poignant messages. The band's
traditional roots shine on "The Heart Of The
Sea", "The Present State Of Grace" and "A
Prayer For Me In Silence", a duet with
fiddler Bridget Regan, a Detroit native and
the wife of King. "Speed Of Darkness" was
produced by Ryan Hewitt (Red Hot Chili
Peppers, The Avett Brothers).

From their beginnings as a raucous pub band in
Los Angeles in the late 1990's, King, Regan,
guitarist Dennis Casey, bassist Nathen
Maxwell, accordion player Matthew Hensley,
banjo/mandolin player Robert Schmidt and
drummer George Schwindt wore their blue collar
ethos proudly and loudly, especially during
their incredible live performances. And now,
as the country and the rest of the world rise
up to recover and rebuild, never has that
ethos been more apparent and important than on
"Speed Of Darkness".

ooh ye..

t r a c k  l i s t  :

01. Speed Of Darkness                                                [04:08]
02. Revolution                                                       [03:13]
03. The Heart Of The Sea                                             [03:43]
04. Don't Shut 'Em Down                                              [03:40]
05. The Power's Out                                                  [04:39]
06. So Sail On                                                       [02:47]
07. Saints & Sinners                                                 [03:31]
08. The Present State Of Grace                                       [02:49]
09. The Cradle Of Humankind                                          [05:11]
10. Oliver Boy (All Of Our Boys)                                     [04:07]
11. A Prayer For Me In Silence                                       [01:54]
12. Rise Up                                                          [03:34]
