Description just copy/paste from Amazon..

Coming From Somewhere Else, the first of hopefully many in the "Rocketown Writers Series," gives four songwriters an opportunity writers rarely receive. Gordon Kennedy, Wayne Kirkpatrick, Phil Madeira and Billy Sprague have taken their behind-the-scenes, one-of-a-kind gifts, put them back in their original boxes and on the shelf for your listening pleasure. In other words, these four have re-recorded their own songs-made classics by other artists-in their own way. Oh yeah, and they produced the project themselves as well.

Included are three Dove Award-winning Songs of the Year: Sprague's gripping "Via Dolorosa," a signature classic for Sandi Patty; Kirkpatrick's "Place in This World," a career song for Michael W. Smith; and "Man After Your Own Heart," a crystal collaboration between Kirkpatrick and Sprague, the Gary Chapman-recorded standout from My Utmost for His Highest. The title track, it should be noted, is the one previously unreleased song on the album, an anthemic throwback to late-'70s, early-'80s harmony-stacked rock. It's a sure-fire sway fest.Largely a relaxing, acoustic-based set, Coming From Somewhere Else showcases these songs in a greenhouse of sorts, allowing the lyric to break ground in organic honesty, unaffected by another\'s vocal or musical interpretation. The result is a collection of songs already proven to be great-"Change the World" (Eric Clapton),"Grand Canyon" (Susan Ashton) and "Everywhere I Look" (Phil Keaggy) to name a few more-that, mined in simplicity, come from a somehow truer place.'Tis a gift to be simple. -- Melissa Riddle (c) 2000 CCM Communications, Inc. 

(This actually turned out to be the one and only release in the "Rocketown Writers Series" sadly)

CD Length: 40:38


1. Coming from Somewhere Else
2. That Kind of Love
3. Grand Canyon
4. Hunger and Thirst
5. Man After Your Own Heart
6. Place in This World
7. You Move Me
8. Everywhere I Look
9. Via Dolorosa
10. Change the World