Paranormal & Astral Experiences

Date: 04-06-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Albert Taylor, Clint Arthur 

Engineer/scientist and OBE expert Albert Taylor spoke about his astral travels, paranormal investigations, and recent trips to Egypt and Stonehenge. One of the interesting things he noted about seeing Stonehenge in person for the first time was that he'd been there before on astral travels, and the site looked very familiar to him. However, when he'd traveled there astrally there were more lintels (horizontal stones), which led him to conclude that when he was out of body, he'd time traveled to an earlier era of Stonehenge. 

The word astral means 'of the stars,' which is a key to what astral travel is all about, he explained. When someone has an out-of-body experience, they are not limited to where they can go, he continued, adding that as a person evolves in their spiritual awareness, they can access higher vibrational levels of the astral plane. Taylor posited a theory that one day the mysterious 'dark matter' in the cosmos will be found to be one and the same as the substance that composes the astral plane. 

He discussed his investigations into paranormal activity at a haunted house in Rialto, CA, where he used a robot to investigate a secret passageway, and at a site in Palmdale, CA, where a 13-year-old girl may have been attacked by a negative entity-- she was videotaped with welts forming on her body with strange symbols. Taylor also detailed his investigations at the Tower of London, and at a graveyard that dates back to the Spanish-American War. 

Live Like It's Your Last Year
First hour guest, author Clint Arthur discussed his Last Year of Your Life program, in which people try to live each day for one year like it's the last year of their lives. By looking at your life as though you only have a set amount of time left, participants are emboldened to create their legacy, and do things that are really important to them now, he explained. 

News segment guests: Capt. Kelly Sweeney, Lauren Weinstein 

Website(s): 
alberttaylor.com 
thelastyearofyourlife.com 
Book(s): 
Soul Traveler 
Free New Power 
