Oslo Bombing 2011.07.22 - Inconsistencies Found

In this video there is a mysterious riddle: Nobody in Oslo seems to have heard an explosion, but obviously there was some type of explosion or else no damage would have been caused. Witnesses nearby reported having felt a punch in their stomach the moment they heard windows being shattered. That's weird - a pressure wave causing damage to windows and buildings and yet people nearby haven't heard anything. If you look at the physics of explosions then you realize that a bomb can be compared to a very powerful loudspeaker creating a pressure-wave. A pressure-wave has a certain bandwidth consisting of a certain range of frequencies having certain intensities. What can be heard when a conventional bomb goes off are the higher frequencies of that spectrum, whereas the damage is being caused by the lower frequencies. If you manage to create a high-tech weapon capable of only producing the lowest frequencies without any higher frequencies this results in an explosion that cannot be heard by people. You may then call this event a 'silent explosion'. The lowest frequencies are in the so called 'infrasound segment' of the sound spectrum, and therefore this type of explosive device is also referred to as an 'infrasound device'. Infrasound devices are very high-tech devices and a so called 'lone assassin' such as Breivik certainly doesn't have access to this type of devices. What can be said with absolute certainty here is the fact that it cannot possibly have been a fertilizer-bomb. Infrasound-devices are NOT homemade devices. Therefore we can conclude with great confidence that the official version of the story cannot possibly be true. 

Now the question is this: Who has access to infrasound weapons? The illuminati certainly have. The Norwegian government may or may not have access to such devices. False flag attacks are a well known phenomenon but based on the reaction of the Norwegian government to this event, we can say we confidence that a false flag can be excluded. True false flags result in having an excuse for implementing police-state measures - and that's not what the Norwegian government has done. This attack may have been a punishment by the illuminati against the Norwegian government for having pulled their fighter planes out of Libya. Breivik in all likelihood is a mind controlled monarch slave such as Sirhan Sirhan or the ones shown in the Jason Bourne movies. Obviously this conclusion is based on true logic and cannot be integrated into the paradigm of people whose minds have been shaped by illuminati-controlled methods of social engineering and cultural conditioning. If you're not willing and ready to dispose of your mainstream-paradigm then you will have to sacrifice truth. Where is your priority: Keeping up your outdated paradigm or fighting for truth? Remember: GOD is TRUTH. And Lucifer is the father of all lies. It's your choice.

files: 1) video: mp4, H.264, 1280 x 720, Millions, AAC, Stereo (L R), 48.000 kHz, 2106.82 kbits/s, 00:37:36.08 
files: 2) text file: Tarpley - Norway Terror Attacks a False Flag.pdf
files: 3) pictures
