DeVotchKa is a four-piece multi-instrumental and vocal ensemble. They take their name from the Russian word devochka, meaning girl. Based in Denver, Colorado, the quartet is made up of Nick Urata, who sings and plays theremin, guitar, bouzouki, piano, and trumpet, Tom Hagerman, who plays violin, accordion, and piano, Jeanie Schroder, who sings and plays sousaphone, double bass and flute, and Shawn King, who plays percussion and trumpet.

Originally a backing band for burlesque shows, in their early years DeVotchKa also toured with fetish model Dita von Teese. Numerous nationwide tours in support of self released records earned the band an underground following. Their song How It Ends introduced the band to a wider audience after being featured in the trailer for Everything Is Illuminated, a Gears of War 2 trailer called The Last Day, and in an episode of Everwood (Season 4). Their performance at the 2006 Bonnaroo music festival was considered a breakout event. In between tours, the band was picked by first time film directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris to score Little Miss Sunshine, a 2006 film that would go on to garner four Academy Award nominations. DeVotchKa, along with composer Mychael Danna, composed and performed the majority of the music for the films soundtrack and were nominated for a 2006 Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack. The main song, The Winner Is, was also used in a commercial by the French-based environment and energy company Suez and the Dutch pension fund PGGM.

Arcade Fire singer Win Butler suggested to DeVotchKa that they cover the Siouxsie and the Banshees song The Last Beat of My Heart. The musicians found the idea interesting and they recorded that song for the now critically acclaimed Curse Your Little Heart EP.

The band did a worldwide tour in support of their previous album, A Mad & Faithful Telling (released March, 2008). The album reached no 9 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and no 29 on the Top Independent Albums chart. New World and Head Honcho, were featured in a season 4 episode of the Showtime television show Weeds.

DeVotchKas latest studio album, 100 Lovers, was released in March 2011.(wikipedia)

- - -

DeVotchKa - 100 Lovers 2011 
(Amsterdam Epitaph Europe)

 1. The Alley
 2. All The Sand In All The Sea
 3. 100 Other Lovers
 4. The Common Good
 5. The Man From San Sebastian
 6. Exhaustible
 7. Bad Luck Heels
 8. Ruthless
 9. Contrabanda
10. Sunshine
