Farming Simulator 2011 *Covers* - FASSDOX

Date.........: 2010-12-08                         Files........: 02 x 5.00
Company......: Giants Software                    Language.....: English
Requirements.: Farming.Simulator.2011-SKIDROW

Game Notes

Covers scanned at 1200 DPI, then downsampled to 300 DPI (90% quality jpg)
- DVD Box: Outside
- Disc

The long awaited sequel to one of the best selling simulations of all time
brings the intricacies of farming to the desktop, with stunning new
graphics and a myriad of new features, Farming Simulator 2011 is the pick
of the crop!

In career mode, play the role of a young farmer and experience the varied
daily life on a farm in the completely re-designed, freely accessible
world.

All new in Farming Simulator 2011 is the option for livestock breeding. To
be successful your animals will need proper care and attention, with a full
feeding regime. In return, extra revenue can be gained from selling fresh
milk to the dairies and even spreading organic fertiliser over your fields!

If crop farming is more to your taste, build up your farm income by growing
a wide range of crops including barley, corn, rape and wheat.

However you structure your farm you are sure to need mechanised help. As
your income grows take the opportunity to invest in everything from
tractors, combine harvesters, ploughs, seed drills to balers and loaders,
all lavishly detailed and fully operable. With licensing from machine
manufacturers such as DEUTZ-FAHR, KRONE, HORSCH, POETTINGER and VOGEL &
NOOT, you are able to drive machines that are faithful to the originals in
every respect.

No longer is farming a solitary affair thanks to a unique multiplayer mode
in which you can work on your farm together with your friends via an
Internet or local area network connection. It is even possible to create
and download custom vehicles and tools, via an integrated "modding"
feature.

Whatever your chosen play style, Farming Simulator 2011 lets you sow the
seeds of agricultural accomplishment!

Features:
~~~~~~~~~
- Career mode with business section and cattle breeding
- Multi-player mode for playing together with friends over Internet/LAN
- Large new vehicle fleet with authentic agricultural machines by
  DEUTZ-FAHR, KRONE, HORSCH, POETTINGER and VOGEL & NOOT
- Lots of sophisticated equipment
- Computer controlled helpers
- Gamepad and steering wheel support

URL: http://www.farming-simulator.com

Installation Notes

1. UnRAR

Group News

We bring you games that other groups do not do. We are different, like us
or hate us. You think some games that we release are crap? We do not care
because we think that scene means that every game should be released.

Greetings

TNT - PROCYON - GOW - WARG - Razor1911 - GENESiS - 1C - PROPHET
VACE - POSTMORTEM - iTWINS - RELOADED - ViTALiTY - AVENGED - Bamboocha

If you enjoy this game, please buy it! Developers deserve your support!


You can download: Farming.Simulator.2011-SKIDROW from here:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5997689/Farming.Simulator.2011-SKIDROW


Enjoy !!!