Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:      
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?etyynnlzaxt10xdlsfavmps6y3q   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ws09y0q15is1tpfqqiojqkfhu8ck  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?hhavv71bbtv9srwjf6gw6jbnqpu   standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?r6voqg6rli2atjvj7y5k5aep2um   vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6gemyphsvh36aye2oak4g1zmja90  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sohfszuyfud2ocl3lvpear71etx   spreading 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bi2ssziobw5h2np8508migwpfa6e  vid 1 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?z45cx2akowjytbz28bnryvdnmjm   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zeqqkld01imiiosa7nudkzxp9ad   vid 2 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?k2gfu69wq107kzw2s032524y0i9d  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hey everyone im elle im 20 years old and yes... i am a natural red head :) i would calll myself a jack of all trades master at none ;) i race cars, ive been a dance instructor, i have half a pilots license (only finished ground training), im a professional stunt double as well as a mainstream model and actress/dancer. im super super business oriented and strive to further my career. i want to work every job in the entertainment industry and be good at it :).  i ened up in the adult industry because of pure rebellion from the mainstream industry. i was almost 20 years old and i was still expected to look 15 and all i wanted was to look and act my age and grow up. i had always been really comfortable with myself and my body and i had always liked girls so i decided the adult industry was were i needed to be .and so far im loving every minute of it.  my best friend is foosa ( my litte kitty) she is my buddy for life and travels all over the country with me usually riding shotgun in my car :) hehehe i heart her.  im currently single by my own choice because right now im focusing on my new life and boys tend to be a distraction :) originally i am from central california but in the past year and a half i lived in California Chicago salvages and san Diego i look  forward to producing more and more fun stuff for all of you to enjoy :)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Man, what is happening with models these days -- their spelling and grammar is going out the door haha.  Anyway, she was very excited to shoot for FTV, though it wasn't her first experience in softcore porn.  I believe she's been modeling on and off for about 8 months, though this is her very first in the way of public nudity and real orgasms.  Her parents put her in ballet when she was younger, though she comes from a NASCAR family whose father, uncle etc... have been drivers for the sport.  So she has a big taste for cars, and afforded herself an Audi A4 as well as a BMW 335i at a young age of 19.  She's a sexual one, and has a preference for women -- according to her she hasn't had sex with guys in a long time, as much as a year??  So we started at a park/office/golf area, her showing off her FTV style cartwheels and backstands.  The landscapers got a show, and later on the golfers as well.  She had a finger-based masturbation/orgasm, and later at home using a vibrator she had a very strong orgasm that showed some really clear & strong vaginal contractions.  Foot fetish for the relevant fans of it, by washing her feet, and a ballet scene that starts slow, and gets better over time.  She had ballet shoes with her (at my request) but she said they were too old and stiff, and hard to dance with on the tile.  She she goes naked and barefoot (we don't mind).  


Model Comments: (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She's 5'6", but with heels like these she really does stand out tall, and she's got some sexy legs to show.  The pink dress was a random purchase, but in combination with the heels and her lighter complexion, it really hit the spot.  She was rather stunning in public, and notice how everyone driving by has to look.  Unlike the park shoot, where the people were far away, here everyones' attention was drawn to her, so she was rather nervous about flashing.  Still, we get some upskirt and nipple flashing, and find a less busy area (which was still very public and out in the open) for her to finger herself and eventually get completely naked!  Pretty sexy stuff seeing her finger out in the open, and walk around naked in the heels.   A cucumber stuffing fetish scene is next, and she successfully takes two of them at the same time, though it was rather tough for her.  It seems that her not having sex for a while makes penetration like this a little harder.   Just because I liked how her bikini looked with those white heels, I made it an excuse for her to parade around poolside, and show off some of that booty shake.  It turns into extreme closeups, and an attempt at 4 fingers.  A breast massage is really nipple closeups (and she has some really nice ones that are pointy all the time) to some butt massage.  My favorite outfit for the shoot was the black dress (though it picked up a lot of lint in the photos) and those 'fuck me' tall black heels.  With her hair tied back she looked gorgeous, and I could see everyone checking her out if we went to a restaurant for a date like this.  I was tempted!  Who wouldn't want to have her in that outfit...  She dildos herself some more, nearly gets off with its vibrating component, but saves herself for the Vibraking finale.  It brings her to one strong orgasm finale, with a juice trail going down her butt.  It was almost too strong for her, but it did finish her off with strong vaginal contractions.  She seems to be wet inside all the time, whether the beginning of the shoot or the finish.  I think she would be great having sex with, and no lube would ever need to be involved!