Unsupervised, featuring the voices of Justin Long and Kristen Bell, is being shown on FX on Thursday nights at 10:30, Eastern and Pacific times; 9:30, Central time.
The timing of the animated series “Unsupervised” is unfortunate. A kind of reversed “Beavis and Butt-Head” — in which the teenage heroes, while losers in just about every way, are also social strivers yearning for suburban domesticity and dispensing Oprah Winfrey-style affirmations — it has the bad luck of coming along three months after the original was revived by MTV. The new show looks awfully pale by comparison.
“Unsupervised,” which begins on Thursday night on FX, is written and produced by the team responsible for that network’s raunchy live-action sitcom “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia.” The shows pursue a similar comedic strategy, valuing jolts over jokes. In the first few episodes of “Unsupervised” the laughs are supposed to come from the boundary-pushing (for basic cable) references to erections, sex positions, breasts, sex with angels, maternal drug use and women’s attitudes toward the male sexual anatomy.
In “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia” the raunch is often funny, though, while in “Unsupervised” it’s mostly off-putting; the show’s concept and its tone seem to be at odds with each other. Taking the comic aggressiveness of “Always Sunny” and applying it to what plays like a sendup of an after-school special must have sounded better at the pitch meeting. The animation, with sharply outlined figures against static backgrounds in a style reminiscent of the FX spy cartoon “Archer,” has more character than the writing.
Justin Long of “New Girl” and David Hornsby of “It’s Always Sunny” (and this season’s short-lived “How to Be a Gentleman”) provide the voices of Gary and Joel, the latchkey children who live in a world bereft of parents save for Joel’s drug-addled stepmother. Adult companionship, if not supervision, is provided by a pair of neighbors, an avuncular Panamanian (Fred Armisen) and a barbie-tending Australian (Russ Rosell), who contribute to a general atmosphere of 1970s and ’80s nostalgia. Making the connection even stronger are the references to “chicks” and a black schoolmate, voiced by Romany Malco, who could be Fat Albert’s slimmer cousin.
The cast also includes Kristen Bell, taking time out from “Gossip Girl,” “House of Lies” and her movie career. She’s amusing as the one girl in school who is uncool enough to hang out with Gary and Joel. But you can’t help thinking that “Unsupervised” would have been less expensive, and maybe funnier, if it had brought Mike Judge over from “Beavis and Butt-Head” and had him do all the voices.
UNSUPERVISED