27. Secrets - Volume 179 Download 
(1) Are July 4th parades and celebrations detrimental to Democrats?; 
(2) Why don't the Elite like presidential candidate Michele Bachmann?; 
(3) What did Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL) say in a recent committee hearing?; 
(4) Why were people of Zephyr Cove, Nevada upset at the high school principal?; 
(5) Who is Johnny Concepcion, and why was he given preferred placement for an organ donation? 

26. Top 25 Lies of the Last Century: Download 
Famous industrialist Henry Ford once stated, "History is bunk!" Now, Texe Marrs proves him right, unmasking the colossal lies fed to the world by the politicians, liars and scoundrels who write the "official" establishment history books. Among the fascinating subjects examined in this report: 
(1) Japan actually offered to surrender before the U.S. savaged Hiroshima and Nagasaki with atomic bombs; 
(2) U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy told the truth about Communist spies infesting the government bureaucracy in high places. 
(3) President John F. Kennedy was not assassinated by a lone nut gunman; 
(4) The world is not running out of oil; 
(5) Osama bin Laden was not killed by members of a heroic Navy Seal team in Pakistan; 
(6) Fact: The living conditions of the African slaves brought to America by slave traders was far superior to those they had experienced back home; 
(7) The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor was not a surprise; 
(8) The victorious U.S.A. intentionally murdered over two million innocent German men, women, and children in the months after Germany surrendered in 1945; 
(9) The Federal Reserve Board was not created as a U.S. government institution but is run by private Jewish bankers. 

25. Antichrist 2012—Will Prince William of the British Royal Family Become the Prophesied Antichrist? Download 
Texe Marrs interviews Clyde Lewis, host of the popular internet radio program, groundzero (groundzeromedia.org). Lewis reveals amazing insider info about Prince William and the British Royal Family, including hidden occult practices, magic, and witchcraft. He documents the murder of Princess Diana and unmasks the secret occult trappings of the recent marriage of Prince William and his bride, Kate Middleton. Also examined: The strange prophecies surrounding the year 2012; the biblical Gog and Magog; the coming of Leviathan; the occult meaning of King Arthur and Camelot; and the Red Dragon. 

24. Leaving Babylon—How to Be Set Free Download 
“Babylon” is a biblical codeword for the last days world system. We are all now caught up as prisoners in the world system. Each of us is surrounded by dangerous evils, threatened by perversions, and led by politicians and leaders who are spiritually and morally bankrupt. As a result, our sanity is at risk and the well-being of our loved ones is in jeopardy. But there is something you and I can do to remain free of the world’s turmoil and chaos. Here is an action plan for personal contentment and happiness in your life. 

23. Secrets - Volume 178 Download 
(1) Bill Schnoebelen, ex-Mormon and producer of the informative new DVD documentary, Mormonism’s Temple of Doom (DVD), exposes the Mormon Church as a Satanic enterprise. He explains why the Republican Party must not make former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, a Mormon, its presidential nominee. Schnoebelen also reveals the truth about Glenn Beck, yet another Mormon disciple; 
(2) After five years in a German prison, Ernst Zundel, convicted for questioning Jewish written history, is barred from even visiting his wife in the U.S.A., and she is banned from traveling to Germany because of what she has written about history on her website. So much for free speech!; 
(3) Huge new oil field find in Texas proves once again that America has no shortage of oil; 
(4) New study documents the fact that Jewish Americans are less patriotic than other ethnic groups and refrain from serving in uniform; 
(5) The Vatican is forced to shut down a monastery in Rome where the monks threw wild parties for celebrities, and a former stripper—now a nun—danced; 
(6) Are the Tea Parties being taken over by the Republican Party neocons?; 
(7) Evidence: German prisoners at Nuremberg trials were horribly tortured and their forced "confessions" were bogus; 
(8) After World War II, the allies lied about Poland’s Katyn Forest massacre and blamed the Nazis. Archives now show that Stalin and the Jewish Communists slaughtered the 40,000 victims; 
(9) Corporate profits hit all-time highs while unemployment soars and working people suffer severe economic devastation. 

22. New York Rabbi Sits on the Golden Throne of Babylon—The Real Reason Why U.S.A. Invaded and Now Occupies Iraq: Download 
Who’s that rabbi sitting on the golden throne of deposed Iraqi dictator, Saddam Hussein? Why, it’s the chief rabbi of New York State’s National Guard. And he’s an Orthodox Lubavitcher, the most radical kind of Jewish religious fanatic. Discover why he’s on the throne and how Israel and the Jews have been rewarded with Iraq’s oil riches and more Baghdad treasures by the Bush-Obama Zionist puppet Administration. Truly shocking revelations! 

21. Pastors, Churches and other Wild Things Exposed: Download 
Texe Marrs reports on the wild and the wilder in a "religious" world filled with fruitcake Christian apostasy: 
(1) Sexy Christian women into "Pole Dancing for Jesus;" 
(2) Three lesbian pastors officially received into the Lutheran Church; 
(3) He’s baack! Former head of National Association of Evangelicals, Ted Haggard, says he favors gay marriage and welcomes gays, lesbians, and transgenders to his church in Colorado; 
(4) Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, a recent convert to Roman Catholicism, teams up with gay priest, Father Michael Seed. Seed, meanwhile, is outed for hosting wild parties for transvestite nuns and for ripping off the rich by selling Vatican knighthoods; 
(5) And more on Catholic convert Tony Blair: He’s coming to America, invited to speak at a Southern Baptist University; 
(6) Famed evangelist Billy Graham: "Some people are born Christians;" 
(7) At marriage of Britain’s Prince William and Kate Middleton, Muslim, Hindu, and Jewish traditions blended into ceremony. Marriage was officiated by Archbishop Rowan, an initiate and witch of the Order of Druids; 
(8) Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, a Mormon, belatedly attempts to clean-up his past. Romney, who once bragged he could "out-Kennedy Ted Kennedy," led "Gay Day" parades in Boston and approved XXX-porno movies at the hotel chain he owns; 
(9) Many black pastors said to be, um, "flamboyant" (in the same sense that Liberace was flamboyant); 
(10) Vatican publicly praises Buddhism as religion of "truth;" 
(11) Crystal Cathedral in California files for bankruptcy; tells gays and people shacking up to stay away. Founder and now retired Reverend, Dr. Robert Schuller, is angry at new direction of his once very liberal church; 
(12) Zionist Pastor John Hagee hosts Republican presidential candidate, thrice married Newt Gingrich, in church’s pulpit; 
(13) Evangelist Greg Laurie uses homosexual singers and raucous rock bands to lure audiences to crusades; 
(14) Harvard’s Reverend Peter J. Gomes, a homosexual, black pastor acclaimed by gays as their "Champion," dies at 68. Gomes despised biblical Christians, called them "homophobics." 

20. Secrets - Volume 177 Download 
(1) What was Prince Andrew doing at a Jewish billionaire's mansion in Florida?; 
(2) Was actress Elizabeth Taylor a nice lady?; 
(3) Is Libya's Gaddafi a Jew?; 
(4) What new fast food hamburger chain opened in Houston?; 
(5) Is Multiculturalism a failure?; 
(6) Which looney-tune recently joined the chorus of environmentalists chanting about global warming?; 
(7) A friend of Barack Obama was recently arrested. What was his crime?; 
(8) Bestselling author Ann Coulter goes gay in a big, big way!; 
(9) What did George Washington have to say about homosexuality?; 
(10) Texe Marrs proven right: Congressman Gary Condit's DNA found on slain Chandra Levy's underwear. 

19. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 5)—The Truth About Obama, Our Paper-Maché Hero vs. Osama, The Fictitious Boogeyman: Download 
Texe Marrs takes listeners on a journey through the Matrix-created New Reality. So Osama bin Laden is dead? Well, Shakespeare said that the whole world is a stage. The elite puppet masters have created an extravagant, jumbled-up and over-the-top presentation for the confused masses to feast on. Texe discovers the unlikely, the offbeat, and the insane about this staged event. Why did the White House keep changing its story? Why the May 1st date of the attack on Osama’s supposed “one million dollar palatial mansion?” Was Osama really buried at sea? Did torture victims really reveal where he was said to be hiding? Crazy times and crazy leaders produce crazy events, don’t they? 

18. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 4) Download 
Texe Marrs takes listeners on a journey through the Matrix-Created New Reality. Discussion: 
(1) India’s Gandhi is outed as a homosexual freak who left his wife to live with a Jewish Englishman. Why have the media covered this up for over a century?; 
(2) Pope John Paul II once visited the grave of Gandhi and received the “Mark of Shiva” on his forehead from a Hindu priestess; 
(3) Cass Sunstein, one of Obama’s White House czars, is using the psychopathological phenomenon of “Cognitive Infiltration” to create a parallel “Ghost World” on TV and internet. This surreal process manufactures fake news and bogus websites, and induces strife, conflict, and tensions. It is intended to undermine, smash, and dissolve the Patriot and Constitutionalist Movements; 
(4) Contrived but bogus shortages—food, water, oil, etc.—are now being used to frighten the public into submission to the Money Men; 
(5) Hollywood produces new “psych” movies that reverberate in peoples’ heads and create cognitive dissonance and fear. Why is planet earth now the Grand Theater of the Illuminati? 

17. New World Order Assassins: Download 
Texe Marrs interviews Victor Thorn on his fascinating and insight-filled new book. Subjects discussed include: 
(1) The murder of Hollywood queen Marilyn Monroe and the connection of John and Bobby Kennedy; 
(2) The assassination of JFK and of his last mistress, Washington, D.C. socialite Mary Pinchot Meyer; 
(3) Sirhan Sirhan—was he a Manchurian Candidate?; 
(4) The shooting of Malcolm X, Black Muslim leader; 
(5) John Lennon’s strange murder and a look at John Hinkley, the man who killed the most famous "Beatle;" 
(6) Governor George Wallace—left a paraplegic. Who was responsible?; 
(7) Martin Luther King’s assassination—the conspirators behind it; 

16. Jack the Ripper Lives Again!—The Grotesque Conspiracy of Zionist Rabbis Colluding With the Vatican and With Evangelical Judaizers to Rewrite the Passion of Christ and Slander the Martyrs of the Faith: Download 
An Exclusive Texe Marrs Report. Jack the Ripper, the serial killer whose heinously cruel murders of prostitutes in nineteenth century London stunned the populace, was never caught. But he left at the scene of his grisly crimes evidence that mysteriously links both Freemasonry and the Jews to his savagery. Now these revelations of the infamous Jack the Ripper case live again, being found in the secret conspiracy of Zionists to forever change the way Christians and humanity view the killing of Jesus Christ. 

15. Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion: Download 
Texe Marrs discusses the significance of the famous Protocols of Zion to our lives today. Why has this book been banned and censored more than any book in history, other than the Holy Bible? What do the evildoers have to hide? Have historical events since 1905, the date the Protocols were first published, proven the predictive accuracy of the Protocols? What about charges that the Protocols of Zion are a forgery and a hoax? Are today’s Rothschild dynasty, the global bankers, Wall Street, and the White House following a satanic script laid out over a century ago? Is this, in fact, a heinous blueprint for global domination and the end of human freedom? 

14. Secrets - Volume 176 Download 
(1) Thank you for your prayers for my health; 
(2) Does God superintend your life?; 
(3) About Bible Home Church; 
(4) What caused Japan’s Fukushima nuclear reactors to melt down? Could Japan’s recent voting record in the U.N. against Israel’s slaughter of and inhumanity to Palestinians be behind this catastrophe?; 
(5) Was Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel also targeted by Israel’s Mossad and the CIA? Her helicopter lost two blades off its rotor and was forced to make an emergency landing just days after Germany cast a surprising vote against Israel in the United Nations; 
(6) Whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu alleges that Rothschild ordered Israel’s Mossad to assassinate President John F. Kennedy; 
(7) Christian leaders, Pastor Rick Warren and Dr. Robert Schuller, support new movement called “Chrislam”—the ecumenical partnering of Christianity and Islam; 
(8) Why is former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee promoting the release from prison of the most notorious spy in American history, Jonathan Pollard? Pollard stole thousands of secret documents from the Defense department and gave them to Israeli spies. They ended up in Red China; 
(9) Hawaii’s legislators decide to end the tradition of opening each session with prayer; 
(10) Minnesota Congresswoman Betty McCollum (Dem.) omits phrase “under God” from her reading of the Pledge of Allegiance. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2011 - Weeks 1-13 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6302348/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2011_-_Weeks_1-13

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2010 - All 52 Weeks   
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6068619/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2010_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2009 - All 52 Weeks      
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5287559/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2009_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2008 - All 52 Weeks     
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4896423/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2008_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power Of Prophecy - 2007 - All 52 Weeks      
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4322484/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_Of_Prophecy_-_2007_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2006 Radio Shows     
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4365760/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2006_Radio_Shows	
		
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My public URL:	       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/TalmudTimmy

My RSS feed:	       
http://rss.thepiratebay.org/user/97bdef327d0ba834f331abb3d0fe47a2