This is Henry Stevens' mindblowing book Hitler's Suppressed and Still-Secret Weapons, Science and Technology (2007) which documents many entirely unknown and suppressed technological breakthroughs that occured before, during and after the reign of Nazi Germany. Nazi technology extended far further than has generally been acknowledged, in fact to almost unfathomable levels. Yet conventional historians have absolutely failed to provide an adequate picture of the technology, and weaponry of the Third Reich. Was it government intervention, peer scepticism or just plain intellectual laziness which caused these historians to stop digging? Stevens takes the story to the mat, providing a glimpse into German research of those times relying mostly on the governments own reports. Some were declassified just or this book and have never been published before. The author also uses direct Nazi sources which are conveniently summarised and translated. Now we know what spooked the Allies in the closing months of World War II and why they were in such a panic to win quickly - they had assembled mind-blowing intelligence reports of Nazi development of supermetals, electric guns, and ray weapons that could stop the engines of Allied aircraft - in addition to highly feared X-ray and laser weaponry. Then there were the bombs. Contained in this amazing book are reports of structured bombs of nipolit, N-stoff bombs, cold bombs, oxygen bombs which could destroy all life, atomic bombs and rumours of the mysterious molecular bomb. The true history of the fuel-air bomb is revealed by the US military itself. There is even a probability that the SS black alchemists of the Third Reich were experimenting with red mercury bomb technology. Very exotic technologies are also discussed including German experiments in time, sustained fusion reactions, zero point energy and travel in deep space. The reasons for the scientific flowering in Germany during this period are discussed in terms of a completely different scientific paradigm shared by these scientists and how it relates to a unified view of gravity, matter and energy. Guess who invented the computer, magnetic tape and computer programs? How about refining crude oil using sound waves or producing gasoline for 11 cents per gallon or the synthetic penicillin substitute, "3065"? 345 pages, many pictures and documents. A must read for everyone.
