... which is not to say I was hitting the Athens club scene in the mid-late-80s, I was a disgruntled high schooler in a hick town with a few cool-nerdy friends and we spent a lot of time trying to figure out ways to obtain beer and places to sit around and drink it. That's when we began to stain our pink lungs with cigarettes and sit on the hoods of cars in fields, playing music on a one-speaker boom box: Elvis Costello's "Trust" and "Armed Forces," Warren Zevon, They Might Be Giants, "Nebraska," the Violent Femmes and, especially, REM's "Dead Letter Office." 

I completely respect a band's right to make the music they want to make, but at the same time I'm firmly a fan of REM's pre-"Losing My Religion" stuff (so fans of latter albums should take my 5-star rave with several grains of salt). And I love "Reckoning" and "Fables" and "Murmur" and most of all "Life's Rich Pageant." They're great, hand-tooled classics. 

But "Dead Letter" is loose, banged-out, sloppy music by a surly young band for surly young people growing up in the waning days of the Reagan era. 

"Ages of You" and "Voice of Harold" and "Rotary Ten" and "King of the Road" just kind of sum up winter, 87, for me and I can't listen to them without thinking about warm cans of Milwaukee's Best, Lucky Strikes and cottonmouth. And the covers of "There She Goes Again" and "Femme Fatale" led me directly to the Velvet Underground. Let me say that again: This Album Led Me to The Velvet Underground. Can an album, or anything, do more for a listener than that? I don't think so. 

by Clare Quilty

TRACKLIST:

01 - Crazy.wma                                                   
02 - There She Goes Again.wma                                    
03 - Burning Down.wma                                            
04 - Voice Of Herold.wma                                         
05 - Burning Hell.wma                                            
06 - White Tornado.wma                                           
07 - Toys In The Attic.wma                                       
08 - Windout.wma                                                 
09 - Ages Of You.wma                                             
10 - Pale Blue Eyes.wma                                          
11 - Rotary Ten.wma                                              
12 - Bandwagon.wma                                               
13 - Femme Fatale.wma                                            
14 - Walters Theme.wma                                           
15 - King Of The Road.wma                                        
16 - Wolves, Lower.wma                                           
17 - Gardening At Night.wma                                      
18 - Carnival Of Sorts (Box Cars).wma                            
19 - 1,000,000.wma                                               
20 - Stumble.wma     

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

DEDICATED TO azza1969