----------
Judge Andrew Napolitano's Freedom Watch

Fox Business Network
2011, September 9, Friday

Xvid/MP3 AVI - Transcoded from a medium-quality ReplayTV stream.
----------

[uploader's shameless commentary, feeling pensive at the 10-year anniversary:

This episode is worthy of note. Lehrman, Varney, Woods, and Church were fantastic guests; Freedom-Files showed that a few of our earnest good law-enforcement agents are still at deadly risk from the fallout of ATF's illegal "Fast & Furious" program I found heart-stopping; and the Judge's The Plain Truth concluding segment was really thought provoking.


This government really is off the rails. I hope folks checking out this torrent take these messages to heart. When election-day finally does arrive, if you haven't chosen to withdraw your consent by not voting, do at least vote your heart and your conscience. Soon (it's already starting to happen on shows like "The Five"; see the 9-8 episode) arguments will be made about electability. You'll be asked hypothetical questions, what's worse: electing a neo-conservative like Perry, Bachmann, or Romney, or handing Obama his second term by stubbornly refusing to unite on the "electable" candidate and casting a vote for some "nut" like Herman Cain, Gary Johnson, or worst of all: Ron Paul?

Karl Rove is the king of triangulation of this sort. There _is_ a logic to it, of course. But I believe that either there are more closet libertarians out there, cowed by media influence into accepting what is ultimately a false-choice of an "electable" candidate election after election, or we really are doomed as a nation to ride this Republicrat & Demican State machine straight down to the bitter, impoverished, end.

These torrents have gathered at least some following, international in scope. No matter what country you live, if you have power to cast a vote, consider these ideas carefully before you're asked to cast another ballot. Consider the messages of the Daniel Hannan's and Nigel Farage's and Rand Paul's and Ron Paul's of the country where you live.

For the American audience, isn't it yet clear that behind every major crisis, it seems, were sown the seeds of prior interventions by the State? And that each "solution" executed by the State only, ultimately, serves to sow the seeds of the next crisis?

Troop casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan are on pace in 2011 to set a _new_ all-time record for casualties sustained in one year, since US military actions began in those countries. This after snapping a tenuous trend of decreasing casualties in 2008. Back in 2001 and 2002, you were shown the names and faces of each killed soldier on major media, along with a total body-count. Then, the names and faces gave way to just faces, too many often to have space to name. And then just to numbers. Only the local news outlets remained to report on the deaths of soldiers from their respective hometowns.

I only learned of that statistic tonight. The major media doesn't report the numbers anymore. Gone are the views of Air Force transports bringing flag-draped caskets back to the US. But, they're still arriving.

We've lost more of our very best military members and supporting civilians to our War on Terror than were people murdered on 9/11. There have been doubtless quite a good number of foreign civilians killed and caught up in the crossfire. WikiLeaks has given us the classified gun-camera footage of camera-toting civilian reporters and aides, mis-identified as hostile insurgents, brutally mowed down with depleted-uranium bullets from Apache gunships. Some didn't receive the mercy of being killed instantly, and were filmed struggling to crawl away as the helicopters orbit and line up a new shot.

Has it been worth it? Can all this loss be redeemed?

The more our government meddles, not just in foreign affairs but also in domestic policy: economic and social, the more it brings the walls of true and honest freedom down around our ears.

It's now 10 years since that shocking, numbing, desperate day. The new "Freedom Tower" highrise still is incomplete, but rising fast from the site of the wrecked WTC. It is supposed to stand for something. Will it live up to the true meaning of its name? Or are we destined to see it become a memorial to the tragic end of what had once been the greatest and most successful experiment in individual liberty, prosperity, and self-sovereign-rule in human history?

The US is not exceptional. But the ideas which founded it are. Some of us remember them. Maybe more of us than we realize? Time will reveal.

...]