Anal.Finishing.School.2.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-UPPERCUT


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5199_1.jpg.html


Screens

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5198_2.jpeg.html

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5197_3.jpeg.html



Cate Harrington, Jewels Chelsea, Karlie Simon, Katie Fox, Katie K, Koko Li, Lena Leigh


Anal Finishing School 2 sees the return of cheeky pigtailed British babes taking it up the backside with a smile. It's a new academic year that welcomes a fresh batch of naughty nymphos who spend a lot more time with their carnal pursuits than any kind of studious duties. Carlie Simon starts the show off with a bang and is looking pretty sweet in her uniform - and even more so when her shapely arse is devouring a meaty cock. This blonde stunner has some mind-blowing suck and fuck skills going on. Then its to language class with Geordie lass Lena Leigh. Cute, curvy and with a cracking set of knockers, Lena starts thing off by giving a superb bit of cock-blowing to her buff French teacher before laying back on a desk with the oral favour being returned. Seeing her have her pussy slammed deep is one thing, but it's really quite something watching her have that highly-desirable butt spread and shafted hard until the scene climaxes with her consuming a mouthful of white-hot cum. Blondes Katie Fox and Emma-Louise double up on a dick and deliver maximum pleasure to Mark Sloan's meaty fuck-rod. Then it's onto an amazing lezzer session between the ever-cute Katie K, who's in trouble for dressing to thrill, and mature minx Starr, the horny headmistress who can't wait to get her hands (and tongue) on young Katie. Finally, Asian Tigerr Benson (and her mammoth mammaries) plays a rather innocent and nervous student who is at the clutches of pervy girlies Cate Harrington and Chelsea Jewel. An outstanding all-girl threeway ensues with Tigerr being suitably corrupted by the bad babes! Quite simply, Anal Finishing School 2 is one of those British porn movies that you just can't help but watch over and over again. With its predecessor boasting a spectacular cast of British talent, Anal Finishing School 2 sees yet more quality casting with a clique of mouth-wateringly sexy UK girls. Needless to say, you'll have plenty of fun studying every inch of these cock and cunt loving hotties as they lure you in with their oh-so-seductive qualities!