The Surface of Mars (Cambridge Planetary Science)
By Michael H. Carr
Cambridge University Press | January 2007 | ISBN10: 0521872014 | PDF | 322 pages | 23.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Surface-Mars-Cambridge-Planetary-Science/dp/0521872014

Up-to-date, highly illustrated, and with a comprehensive list of references, this book describes the diverse Martian surface features, how Earth and Mars differ, and why the two planets evolved so differently. This book will be a principal reference for researchers and graduate students in planetary science.
Our knowledge of Mars has grown enormously over the last decade as a result of the Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Odyssey, Mars Express, and the two Mars Rover missions. This book is a systematic summary of what we have learnt about the geological evolution of Mars as a result of these missions. It describes the diverse Martian surface features and summarizes current ideas as to how, when, and under what conditions they formed, and explores how Earth and Mars differ and why the two planets evolved so differently. The author also discusses possible implications of the geologic history for the origin and survival of indigenous Martian life. Up-to-date and highly illustrated, this book will be a principal reference for researchers and graduate students in planetary science. The comprehensive list of references will also assist readers in pursuing further information on the subject. Colour images can be found at www.cambridge.org/9780521872010.

• Covers all aspects of Martian geology 
• Richly illustrated with 250 figures 
• Up-to-date - using information from the Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Odyssey, Mars Express and the two Mars Rover missions

Contents
1. Introduction; 2. Overview; 3. Impact craters; 4. Volcanism; 5. Global structure and tectonics; 6. Canyons; 7. Channels, valleys and gullies; 8. Lakes and oceans; 9. Ice; 10. Wind; 11. Poles; 12. The view from the surface; 13. Climate change; 14. Implications for life; 15. Summary; Index.

Review
'Mike Carr, Geologist Emeritus at the US Geological Survey, has participated in virtually all those missions and has probably seen more Mars imagery than anyone; no one is more qualified to write this book. … Astronomy has now abdicated much of the solar system to geology, and no geoscientist with an interest in the revolution should be without a copy.' Journal of Geology