Hi there
Well this time this the fresh new catalyst 11.5a Hotfix who seems really good.

Release note :

Desktop drivers only for this file !!!
Same supported products list than previous catalyst 11.4a 8.84.9RC3
Btw this is a new revised version from these last previous ones
complete package all in one in full complete single file.

Build Info:
8.85.6-110505a-118668E
DriverVer=05/05/2011, 8.850.6.0000 (RC1)
Sign Date: May 6 (AMD)

AMD Catalyst™ Driver 11.5a Hotfix Feature:

Includes performance optimizations and resolves various quality issues for the upcoming release of Brink™ 
Resolves transcoding video lagging issues seen when converting multiple H.264 clips to MPEG2 Blu-ray video 
Resolves the intermittent mouse cursor lag issue seen by some users 
Resolves intermittent flickering issues seen in the following applications in a system using an AMD Radeon™ HD 6600 series graphics card with DDR3 memory and running in DirectX® 9 mode:
-Civilization 5
-Dead Rising 2
-Fallout 3
-Mafia 2
-NBA 2010
-ShenGuiChuanQi
-Starcraft 2
-Warcraft III
-World of Warcraft 

Please be patient and give a suffisant speed up from your part for maximum better chance to achieve and finish this torrent download.
If you freeze,try this :
increase your up speed,purging your own peer connection by :
reset ip fliter :for another lazy peer who don't give upload and seeming not sharing with you so.
unbanned option for purging your general connection on the torrent.
If you freeze,disconnect and try again a bit later.
check your network setting option and be sure you are rightly set between your up and down speed
I recommend you if you are on utorrent or bit-torrent to make a speed test to get the perfect right settings so.
Avoid seriously Xunlei torrent client who appears really slow as i noticed for several peers on my torrents.
Best are :
utorrent from 1.85 to latest 2.2.1 version
bit-torrent from v 7 to latest 7.2.1
BitComet approximaly all version.
BitSpirit is also a very good client but more technic as well as Vuze/Azureus.
Shareaza can be a very good compromise and interesting alternative but must be perfectly set as well.
Avoid Tornado,unless being a serious confirmed advanced user.
Xanti is not so bad too.
I don't recommend you to use utorrent v 3.0 as well as bit-torrent latest beta release.
utorrent v 3 use DNA acceleration and despite this last one it often gives a crap flow on torrent network.I just suggest it,see for yourself anyway !
as usual try to give a fast up speed if you can,for sure it will be better.
if you like this torrent,seed and help me to share with all other peoples so.
remember : slow upload may get slow download and even badest result so.
as i am curently seeding multi-torrent you may get a slow of difficult download.
I will try my best to help and assist you so.
Ty for understanding,patience,and for your personal interest also.
Wish you have a goodnight
regards
