[img]http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b0/Return_to_Castle_Wolfenstein_Coverart.jpg[/img]

Recommended System Requirements:

Windows 98/2000/ME/XP/NT 4.0
Processor: Pentium II 400 Mhz or Higher
Video Card: 16 MB 3D Video Card
Hard Drive: 2 GB HD
CD-ROM: 4x or Faster
RAM: 128 MB RAM

Game Description:

Return to Castle Wolfenstein: Platinum Edition is a supernatural World War II first person action thriller, where gamers are thrust into a last ditch offensive against Heinrich Himmler’s evil SS paranormal division. In single player, you are B.J. Blaczkowicz, a U.S. Army Ranger on special assignment from the Office of Secret Actions with orders to uncover and stop the diabolical acts of the Third Reich. The title’s multiplayer modes enlist gamers to hone their tactical skills in squad-based combat scenarios. Players join the battles as an axis or ally soldier and are instantly challenged to intense, realistic class-based, warfare. Platinum Edition features the original Return to Castle Wolfenstein, which garnered multiple game of the year awards in 2001 and 90-percent or higher ratings in over 35 different publications, plus this year’s hit online follow-up release, Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory. Featuring multiplayer support for up to 32 players, Enemy Territory blends specialized class-based skills and abilities like demolition or covert operations, and persistent character progression and ranks, with real-time strategy elements like command centers and fire-teams. Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory is consistently ranked among the top-3 most played first-person games online.


+ Stalingrad Edition, Al 10 missions

Story:
This addon is based on real historical events which took place during the World War II battle for Stalingrad (Now known as Volgograd). A troop of 57th infantry division stayed behind in the city after the Germans had taken it over. A few soldiers led by Gennady Lukovoi continued to deliver diversional strikes in the city and near by villages, which was very damaging to the German military machine. 

After a few months Lukovoi was captured by Germans. He was liberated in 1945 by Soviet troops, but charged with being a traitor in 1947. He was executed by shooting on November, 12, 1947.


To play Staling Edition, unrar and go to Stalingrad folder and then double click on Stalingrad Shortcut.

Enjoy!