Are You Ready to Be Enlightened?

Cosmic Awareness is the force that expressed itself through Jesus, Buddha, Krishna, Mohammed, Edgar Cayce and other great avatars who served as channels for what is commonly referred to as "God.' This force communicates again today as the world begins to enter a period of Spiritual Ascension with a new consciousness and awareness. This force refers to itself as Cosmic Awareness so that it cannot be confused with an entity or a personality. It has been communicating for more than 40 years through several carefully trained channels who go deep into trance and communicate the energies and symbols that are expressed, putting them into human language. As Cosmic Awareness reveals this information, it does not ask you to "believe" anything, but to question, explore, doubt and discover for yourself the Truth that is within you - to discover "Who, In Fact, You Really Are."

(Cosmic Awareness channelled message about this book follows:)

"The time has come to impart the Lessons Of Enlightenment, for the ushering in of the New Millennium. The lessons are offered to facilitate the unfolding of the New Age which symbolizes the restoration of humans to their intended evolutionary pathway to allow for the maximum evolution and expansion of Universal Consciousness. This is an era of renaissance through which entities can awaken from the sleep-inducing, dogmatic, and manipulative assertions of mankind and realign with the divine source of universal knowledge which lies within. 

It is a time to celebrate the reconnection between the individual and the totality of All That Is. It is a time to become receptive to Divine Grace, to the love and faith that has been placed in humankind. It is a time to honor the faith, to acknowledge and reclaim the resources and abilities that empower humans rather than allow them to remain mired and enslaved within their own earthly illusions. It is a time for every soul to rise to the challenge of realigning the spirit, the will, the mind and the body. It is a time of joyous self expression.

The Lessons of Enlightenment provide the light, but it is the task of each individual to enlist the will and actively choose the pathway to receive the light. This requires the trust that each individual was created with - the innate capacity to know, to experience and attune to an inner guidance. This requires the courage to set aside those beliefs and habits of thought and action which now severely limit the soul, yet masquerade as the very truths for which humans feel compelled to fight and and die. For the feelings are indeed instrumental in such choices, but not without the understandings to be imparted in these Lessons.

The Lessons of Enlightenment will arrive like pearls of wisdom, for each to assemble into an invaluable adornment which can become an enduring talisman against external manipulation and will be a symbol of the choice for - and commitment to - individual empowerment, soul development; to individual, social and spiritual evolution; to love replacing fear; to light replacing darkness; to the rejection of evil; and to the unwavering faith in the Universal Divine. It is to be worn with honor, legitimate pride, dignity, compassion and self-respect. It cannot be worn if there is insincerity, a refusal to question existing beliefs, denial of spiritual impetus, denial of Will energy or violation or denial of others. For such denial not only negates the soul, but also denies the Universal Consciousness and each individual's rightful place in the connectedness of All That Is. 

The actions of the wearer will always defy any such attempts at deception, for legitimate actions will always spring from a new motivative source, demonstrating the understanding, the awareness and the grace that the Lessons of Enlightenment embody. The actions of entities automatically provide testimony to the degree of alignment between Spirit, Will, Mind and Body. Indeed, upon grasping the understandings that the lessons provide, human essence, human nature, human behavior, human evolution and human destiny will all become far less mysterious. 

This is a time of great potential and opportunity. This is a time for each entity to rise to the challenge of participation in the turning of the tide and in the laying of the groundwork for accelerated development. This is the time to realign with the Universal Divine, the Love Force, the Universal Consciousness of All That Is."

Lessons of Enlightenment Contents 

 Alpha: Human Nature 
Lesson One: Overview of The Human Condition 
Introduction 
Communication and the Fluid Creative Reality 
Disconnection and Rigid Physical Reality 
Attempts at Reempowerment 
The Feeling System: A Spiritual Safety Net 
The Task at Hand 
Lesson Two: The Spiritual Nature Of Humankind 
Humanity as Spirituality as Divinity 
Frustrated Human Purpose and Evil 
Natural Morality 
The Civilized Planet 
Human Spirit: Consciousness and Intention 
Consciousness 
Altered States of Consciousness 
The Illusory Fragmentation of Spirit and Will 
Lesson Three: The Mental Nature Of Humankind 
Enter: The Realm of Mind 
The Goal of Mind 
Mental Tools Can Be Double-Edged 
The Biblical Fall From Grace 
Current Mass Reality: The Mind of Man 
The Divine Spiritual Safety Net 
Lesson Four: The Physical Nature Of Humankind 
Spirit as Self in Physical Form 
Human Emotion: An Undiscovered Sixth Sense 
Feelings and the Human Immune System 
Feelings Communicate Essential Spiritual Needs 
The Individual (Power) Needs 
The Group (Connection) Needs 
Feelings as Feedback Between Mind & Body 
The Hardwired Responses 
The Fully Functional Feedback System 
The Self, the Mind, the Body 
 Beta: The Feeling System 
Lesson One: The Emotional Nature Of Humanity 
Reclaiming the Lost Emotional Sense 
The Interpretation of Emotional Signals 
Validity and Judgment of Knowledge 
Beliefs as Gems and Slivers 
The Effect of Mind on Emotional Signals 
Mind and Spirit: The Twin Selves 
The Effect of Mind on Motivational Responses 
The Right Response 
Emotional Boundaries 
Lesson Two: The Emotional Behavior of Humanity 
Emotional Motivation 
The Approach Responses - Right and Light 
The Light Response 
The Avoidant Responses 
The Flight Response 
The Fight Response 
Summary of Behavioral Corrective Responses 
Lesson Three: The Six Basic Feelings 
Emotions of Spirit 
The Emotions of Body 
The Emotions of Mind 
Six Universal Feelings: Joy, Fear, Anger, Sadness, Envy, Guilt 
Lesson Four: Emotion - The Sixth Sense 
Heeding the Spiritual Directive 
The Spiritual Commitment 
Living in the Light 
The Daily Meditation 
The Meditation of the Clock 
The Daily Feedback 
Creating Community 
 Gamma: New Beginnings 
Lesson One: New Tenets of Human Existence 
Existing Directives 
Scientific and Religious Directives 
Political and Governmental Directives 
The Power of the Individual 
Restoring the Blank Mental Slate 
Tenets of Human Nature 
Tenets of Human Existence 
Tenets of Creative Reality 
Tenets of Social Structure 
Lesson Two: The Power Of Habit 
A Gift of Mind 
Habits of Defense: The Self-Preservationary Impulse 
The Eight Deadly Habits 
Resistance 
Resistant Escapism 
Resistant Defensiveness 
Resistant Self Deception 
Resentment 
Resentful Blame 
Hostility 
Revenge 
Vengeful Gossip 
Vengeful Aggression 
Vengeful Violence 
The Cycle of Resistance 
Lesson Three: The Life-Giving Habits of Self-Development 
Acceptance 
The Role of Judgment 
Clarity of Purpose 
Faith in Spirit 
Accountability and the Law of Attraction 
Compassion 
Forgiveness 
Competition Within Self 
Acceptance 
Patience and Faith 
Gratitude 
Humor 
Self Promotion 
Creative Artistic Expression 
Touch 
Vocalizing 
Expressing Within the Creation 
Lesson Four A: Universal Values and Needs 
The Scientific Authority 
Spiritual Intention vs. Human Mental Needs 
Spiritual Values Embodied In Human Needs 
The Role of Human Needs 
Dynamic Flexibility of Needs 
The Need for Power 
The Need for Freedom 
The Need for Creative Expression 
The Need for Connection 
The Need to Find Meaning 
The Need to Build Self-Esteem 
Summary of Human Needs 
 Delta: Implications for Personhood 
Lesson One: Implications For Self Concept 
The Self and Human Purpose 
Local Self Distinctions 
Interpretation of Feelings and Attribution 
Positive Feelings and The Self 
Other Self Goals 
Lesson Two: Implications for Child Rearing 
The Parental Responsibility 
The Parental Choice 
The Parental Role - Physical Development 
The Parental Role - Mental Development 
The Parental Role - Emotional Development 
Engaging the Emotional System 
Attachment, Trust and the Learned Emotions 
Cultural Manipulation of the Emotional System 
A Word About Guilt 
Lesson Three: Implications for Human Development 
The Developmental Responsibility 
Development and "Karma" 
Development and Divine Judgment 
It Is Never Too Late 
Self-Evaluation - Getting Started 
Awareness of Needs 
Accessing Core Beliefs 
Needs and Life Stages 
Earliest Years: Trust and Connection 
Ages 1-20: Freedom and Power 
Independence, Creativity and Early Adulthood 
Midlife Evaluation: Meaning and Esteem 
The Golden Years 
Death and Dying 
 Epsilon: Implications for Human Interaction 
Lesson One: Implications For Morality 
Biological Hedonism 
Multiple Meanings of Emotional Signals 
The Concept of Evil 
Excitement and Morality 
Guilt and the Human Conscience 
Learning Error vs. Sin 
The Power of Apology and Forgiveness 
The Historical States of Moral Interaction 
Caveman Morality 
Cooperative Morality 
The Role of Trust 
Tit-For-Tat Morality 
The Golden Rule 
Lesson Two: Implications For Interpersonal Relationships 
The Cooperative Level of Existence 
Intimacy and Community: The Gift of Sharing 
The Energy Dynamics of Intimacy 
Conflict 
The Fellowship Relationship 
The Professional Relationship 
Friendship 
Gender Roles 
Intimacy and Sexual Love 
Love As Distinct From Need 
The Myth of Love as Codependency 
Love and Its Pitfalls 
Cultural Conditions Placed Upon Love 
Lesson Three: Implications For Group Relationships 
Why Groups? 
The Group Organism 
Conformity 
The Developmental Cycle of a Group 
Power Dynamics 
The Group Structure 
The Isolated Group 
Social Stratification 
Enlightened Group Affiliation 
 Zeta: Implications for Social Structures 
Lesson One: Implications For Religion 
Religious Purpose: Divine Connection 
Divine Freedom 
Divine Empowerment 
Divine Goodness 
Divine Desire 
The Power of Prayer 
The Temple of Light 
Meditation for the Temple of Light 
Religious Transcendence 
Religious Community Service 
Lesson Two: Implications For Government 
The Grand Game 
Economics of Resource Exchange 
Universal Humans Rights - Basic Self-Determinism 
The Biological Condition of Justice 
Social Justice 
The Biological Condition of Civilization 
The Role of Government 
The Governmental "Body" 
Safeguarding - Ensuring Global Justice 
Global Cooperation Without Violation 
Fostering Global Connection 
Competitive vs. Cooperative Defense 
Sanctioning Violations 
Local Government and The Feedback Cycle 
Representative Government - The Value of Each Voice 
Financing Good Government 
Public Infrastructures 
Global Government Mission Statement 
Lesson Three: Implications For Education 
Developing the Public "Mind" 
Creative Experiential Learning vs. Receiving Judgments 
The Scope of Public Education 
The Structure of Public Education 
Early and Elementary Education 
Intermediate and High School 
Continuing Education 
 Eta: Implications for Health 
Lesson One: Implications For Mental Health 
The Concept of Health 
Biological Flexibility and Destiny Challenge 
Natural Self-Development 
Challenge I: The Mother vs. The Victim 
Challenge II: The Father vs. The Martyr 
Challenge III: The Contributor vs. The Servant 
Challenge IV: The Lover vs. The Actor 
Challenge V: The Speaker vs. The Silent Child 
Challenge VI: The Seer vs. The Intellectual 
Challenge VII: The Transcender 
Therapeutic Approaches to Mental Health 
Lesson Two: Implications For Physical Health 
The Physical Focus 
Active Faith in the Body 
The Pleasure Principle 
The Power of the Mind 
Managing Emotional Stress 
Holism 
Lesson Three: Implications For Holistic Health 
Health in the New Millennium 
Energy Medicine and the Flow of Consciousness 
Disturbances to the Chakras of Mind 
The Seven Chakra Centers of Mind 
Chakras One and Two: Bodily Grounding 
- The Root Chakra (Tailbone) 
- The Second Chakra (Abdomen) 
Chakras Three and Four: Mental Grounding 
- The Third Chakra (Solar Plexus) 
- The Fourth Chakra (Heart) 
The Final Three Chakras: Grounding the Spirit 
- The Fifth Chakra (Throat) 
- The Sixth Chakra (Forehead) 
- The Seventh Chakra (Crown) 
Personal Health Care 
 Theta: Implications for Evolution 
Lesson One: Evolution 
The Pursuit of Self-Understanding 
Evolution vs. Creation 
The Ongoing Evolving Co-Creation 
The Power of Free Will 
Evolution of Consciousness and Information Processing 
Darwin and Lamarck Revisited 
Lesson Two: The Spiritual Compass in Evolving Gestalts of Consciousness 
The Quantum Potential and Expansion of All That Is 
Receiving the Purposeful Guidance 
The Self in Evolutionary Context 
Autopilot, Semi-Autopilot and Manual Modes of Guidance 
Autopilot Self-Regulation 
Semi-Autopilot Self-Regulation 
Manual Free Will Self-Regulation 
The Emotional Evolutionary Destiny of Humanity 
Evolutionary Path of Evolving Consciousness and Feeling Experience 
Lesson Three: Human Evolution 
The Journey From Pain to Pleasure 
A Brief History of Cultural Evolution 
Levels of Human Conscious Experience 
Survival Level of Existence 
Survival Empowerment and The Chakra System 
The Individual Task at Hand 
Historical Survival 
The Being Level of Human Existence 
Three Perspectives of the Being Level 
The Transcendent Level of Human Existence 
Summary 
 Omega: Conclusion 
Epilogue: The Lessons of Enlightenment 
The Mission of Enlightenment 
Historical Shifts and Modes of Attunement 
Direct Access 
Final Words 
- What if I am struggling? 
- What if I cannot break my destructive habits and patterns? 
- What if my journey takes me away from my loved ones? 
- How do I deal with the unlovable ones? 
- What about the worst perpetrators of violence? 
- How do I survive the darkest moments? 
The Universal Spectrum of Love and Light 


(This book is available on Amazon.com as a hard-copy physical book, but this e-book is copyright-free.)



