Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Whip It" is the title of a 1980 single by the American New Wave band Devo. It appears on the album Freedom of Choice. There were two 7" single releases of "Whip It", one backed with a remix of the track "Snowball" (which appears on Freedom of Choice) and one backed with "Turn Around" (a song later covered by Nirvana). "Whip It" was Devo's biggest hit, and peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, number three on the Canadian Singles Chart and number 77 on the Australian Singles Chart (Kent Music Report).

It is ranked #63 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the '80s as well as #15 on the same channel's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '80s.

Freedom of Choice is the third album by New Wave musicians Devo, released in 1980. It saw the band moving in more of an overt synthpop direction, even though guitars still played a prominent role.

The album was produced by Robert Margouleff, famous for his synthesizer work in Tonto's Expanding Head Band and with Stevie Wonder.

On the Billboard Music Charts, Freedom of Choice peaked at #22 on the Pop Albums chart. It contains Devo's most well-known song, "Whip It", which hit #8 and #14 on the Club Play Singles and Pop Singles charts, respectively.

The group later performed an alternate version of "Girl U Want" that appeared on the Tank Girl soundtrack.

An entire alternate demo version of the album was released in 2000 on the Rhino Handmade two-disc rarities collection Recombo DNA. The demo version lacks "It's Not Right," "Ton o' Luv", "Don't You Know" and "Freedom of Choice" but includes demos of the "Whip It" b-side "Turnaround" and three unreleased tracks ("Luv & Such," "Time Bomb" and "Make Me Move").

In 2008, the album was digitally remastered and released as part of the box set This is the Devo Box in Japan. On September 16, 2009, Warner Brothers and Devo announced a re-release of Freedom of Choice and Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!, with a tour performing both albums.

Devo (pronounced /ˈdiːvoʊ/ DEE-voh, originally /diːˈvoʊ/ dee-VOH) is an American band formed in Akron, Ohio in 1973. The band had a #14 Billboard chart hit in 1980 with the single "Whip It", and has maintained a cult following throughout its existence. Their style over time has shifted between punk, art rock, post-punk, and New Wave. Their music and stage show mingle kitsch science fiction themes, deadpan surrealist humor, and mordantly satirical social commentary. Their often discordant pop songs feature unusual synthetic instrumentation and time signatures that have proven influential on subsequent popular music, particularly New Wave, industrial and alternative rock artists. Devo was also a pioneer of the music video, creating many memorable clips for the Laser Disc format, with "Whip It" getting heavy airplay in the early days of MTV.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/