War on Cold Fusion - The Hidden Truth Exposed 

Despite the "war on cold fusion" waged by scientists and the media, Cold Fusion could still possibly become a practical reality and become the greatest energy revolution of the 21st century. This film examines the controversy following the discovery of Cold Fusion, a process by which abundant energy can be generated from simple materials.

Presented by James Doohan, ("Scotty" on Star Trek) with Sir Arthur C. Clark (author - 2001 A Space Odyssey, inventor of the communications satellite).

Files:

1) War on Cold Fusion - The Hidden Truth Exposed.avi - Xvid (Perian), 640 × 480, Millions, MPEG Layer 3, Stereo, 44.100 kHz, 792.57 MB, 1623.18 kbits/s, 01:08:32.26

2) The Answer to All Our Energy Problems - Cold Fusion.mp4 - video clip - 15 min.

Comment: 

The way official science has dealt with cold fusion makes you think of how they treated alternative cancer therapies and many other highly relevant subjects. Is it ignorance, is it arrogance - or maybe it is a sophisticated network of deception and manipulation? My theory is this: The highly classified and highly sophisticated underground science community working for the Illuminati have immediately successfully replicated the experiments, and have realized the huge potential of cold fusion. And since they wanted to keep it for themselves - as always - they have launched a systematic disinformation campaign to discredit Pons and Fleischman, the scientists behind cold fusion. And since university-science is highly dependent on the masonic money makers, it was quite easy for them to make universities shut down their projects on cold fusion. The same procedure has been happening with so many other hopeful science projects. When will this toxic network of lies and deception finally come to an end, when will humanity finally be capable of realizing its full potential? Do you like Scotty too?

tags: cold fusion, fusion, physics, conspiracy, energy, future, revolution, palladium, science, deception