VMware Fusion v4.0.2 MacOSX Incl Keymaker-CORE

The #1 Rated Solution by Apple Online Customers to Switch to a Mac and Run Windows Without Rebooting . VMware Fusion 4 is recommended for home users, students and business professionals who are looking for the easiest, fastest and most reliable way to run Windows programs on their Macs without rebooting.

Switching From a PC to a Mac Made Easy
VMware Fusion’s migration assistant for Windows makes it easier than ever to transfer your entire PC to your Mac and make the most of your Windows software investment. Get the best of both worlds and have access to your Windows programs and all your files from your old PC directly on your Mac, whenever you need them.

Run Your Favorite Windows Programs
Run your favorite Windows programs alongside Mac applications without rebooting. Whether you want to run Windows XP, Vista or 7 on a Mac, VMware Fusion’s easy install feature will get you up and running in no time. With the ability to run Windows-only programs like Microsoft Project, Access and Internet Explorer, VMware Fusion turns your Mac into the ultimate computer for compatibility.

Use Specific Windows-only Devices on Your Mac
VMware Fusion 4 lets you use Windows-only USB or Bluetooth devices on your Mac—from GPS receivers, to cell phones or mp3 players and other input devices that are only supported in Windows.

The Perfect Complement to Boot Camp
No more choosing between Windows or Mac at startup, VMware Fusion lets you run Windows and Mac applications side-by-side directly from your existing Boot Camp partition.

Upgrade from Parallels
If you have used Parallels Desktop to run Windows on your Mac, VMware Fusion can import your previous Virtual Machines and take them to the next level. With its unique combination of ease of use, performance and stability that can only be delivered by the leader in virtualization, it’s no surprise VMware Fusion is the #1 rated solution by Apple customers to run Windows on a Mac.*




For reporting bad or suspicious torrents             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1200+ torrents             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/
