Rival Sons is an American blues-rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band has digitally self-released one album and also digitally released a self-titled EP through Earache Records before marking their full label debut on the label with their current album entitled Pressure & Time released in June 2011.

- - -

Formed in June 2008 the line-up for Rival Sons was completed when singer-songwriter Jay Buchanan joined the band. They recorded Before the Fire, and digitally self-released it in June 2009. The single Tell Me Something, from the album was used in a television campaign for Izod Indy car racing.
In 2010 the band opened for Alice Cooper, several USO shows with Kid Rock, and a televised performance, centre track, at The Indianapolis 500, May 2011. The band played CMJ in New York in 2010
The band signed with Earache Records in 2010, who released Pressure & Time in June 2011. The album was written, recorded, and mixed in just 20 days, a process the band says is to their liking as it ensures a rawness for both the listener and the band.
Rival Sons played a showcase in London at HMVs Next Big Thing at the Camden Barfly on February 12, 2011, with Sons of Icarus and Vintage Trouble.
Rival Sons advocate veganism and spirituality along with classic rock and roll.
The track Get Mine was featured in a Jeremiah Weed premium malt beverage television advertising campaign showing an arm wrestling competition.

- - -

Rival Sons played in Dallas for the football championship at Aces & Angels Salute to the Troops hosted by Gene Simmons from KISS on Wednesday February 2, 2011.
The album artwork for Pressure and Time was created by graphic designer Storm Thorgerson who has also designed artwork for Led Zeppelin, 10cc and, most notably, Pink Floyds Dark Side of The Moon.
Rival Sons are supporting Judas Priest on the UK leg of their 2011 Epitaph World Tour including a performance at High Voltage Festival  (wikipedia)

- - -

Rival Sons - Pressure & Time 2011

 1. All Over The Road
 2. Young Love
 3. Pressure And Time
 4. Only One
 5. Get Mine
 6. Burn Down Los Angeles
 7. Save Me
 8. Gypsy Heart
 9. White Noise
10. Face Of Light
