Don Wilkerson - The Complete Blue Note Sessions CD2
Year: 1962-63
Released: 2001 - 24-bit remaster
Label:  Blue Note / Capitol
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

THE COMPLETE BLUE NOTE SESSIONS contains the previously released albums PREACH BROTHER, ELDER DON , and SHOUTIN'.  Includes liner notes by Dudley Williams, Joe Goldberg and Robert Levin.  This is part of the Blue Note Limited Edition Connoisseur series.  Don Wilkerson may not attract much attention - either now or when he was recording in the early '60s - but he was an interesting character.  Like many tenor saxophonists of his era, the Texan followed in the hard-swinging soul-jazz that grew out of hard bop, but he didn't settle into an easy groove - he drove his music hard, injecting it with a healthy dose of the blues and an undercurrent of nascent black power.  An intriguing mix, to be sure, and on three albums for Blue Note between 1962 and 1963 - Elder Don, Preach, Brother!, Shoutin' - he was at his peak, and they're all included here on this double-disc The Complete Blue Note Sessions.

Of course, he was at hispeak here partially because this was the only extended period of time he recorded as a leader; prior to this, he had a session for Riverside, but he never recorded before that or after this.  Even if he had recorded more, this music would still be quite distinctive since his combos - always featuring guitarist Grant Green, but also pianist Sonny Clark, drummer Billy Higgins, pianist Johnny Acea, and drummers Willie Bobo and Ben Dixon, depending on the date = were simultaneously gritty and supple.  Though they weren't as laid-back as, say, Green and Clark's duo sessions, they transferred that spirit to these sessions, meaning that this edgy soul-jazz and considerable musicality that resonates upon repeated plays.  It might not be major work, but it's fine music, especially for connoisseurs of hard bop and soul-jazz, and it's nice to see that Wilkerson is finally getting some attention with this set, which marks the first time his Blue Note work has been in print in the U.S., not just sisince his death in 1986, but since their original release.

Personnel:
Don Wilkerson (tenor saxophone);
Grant Green (guitar);
John "Johnny" Adriano Acea, Sonny Clark (piano);
Big John Patton (organ);
Willie Bobo, Ben Dixon, Billy Higgins (drums);
Jual Curtis (tambourine)

Don Wilkerson - The Complete Blue Note Sessions CD1 Tracks:
01  Jeanie-Weanie
02  Homesick Blues
03  Dem Tambourines
04  Camp Meetin'
05  The Eldorado Shuffle
06  Pigeon Peas
07  Senorita Eula
08  San Antonio Rose
09  Scrappy

Don Wilkerson - The Complete Blue Note Sessions CD2 Tracks:
01  Lone Star Shuffle
02  Drawin' A Tip
03  Poor Butterfly
04  Movin' Out
05  Cookin' With Clarence
06  Easy Living
07  Happy Johnny
08  Blues For J
09  Sweet Cake