Description

This is the most complete instructional set available for the sport of wakeboarding. This set contains all 5 of our wakeboarding instructional titles including Getting Started, Building A Foundation, Base Inverts, Spinning and Intermediate & Advanced Inverts. So if you are serious about improving your riding, buy the box set that Wakeboarder.com calls “the best instructional ever” and Wakeboarding Magazine says is “a must have for any wakeboarder.”


What\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\'s Covered?

-Getting Started	-Building A Foundation
-Base Inverts	-Spinning
-Intermediate Inverts	-Advanced Inverts
Features

Split-screen comparisons of:
On the trampoline / On the water
Regular footed / Goofy footed
Trick with grab / Trick without grab
Rider boat angle / Chase boat angle
and more...

Choose a Coach - Multiple Audio Tracks. Pick which coach you want to listen to. Learn from your favorite coach, or listen to them all. This feature is available on the Base Inverts, Spinning and Intermediate & Advanced Inverts DVDs.

Comes in a double-wide premium 5-disc collection case.

Compatible with all DVD regions.

Instructor Bios

Kyle Schmidt is considered by many to be the top Wakeboard Coach in the world. Kyle is Instructional Editor for WakeBoarding Magazine. He is also the head coach at The Wakeboard Camp in Clermont, FL. Kyle is the instructional director for The Book DVD instructional series, and has designed each disc based on his experience from the past decade of coaching.

Living the endless summer Kurt Robertson is growing the sport of wakeboard more than most coaches worldwide. He is truly committed to half the season here in the states and then travels to another summer in home land of New Zealand. His coaching technique is flawless and his personality is sure to motivate any rider into progression. Listen to audio track #4 of the wakeboard series and you are sure to pick up some useful tips to accelerate your riding this season.

Ben Greenwood is one of the most talented riders in the world and was awarded rider of the year by Alliance Wakeboard magazine in 2005. Ben’s attention to style on a wakeboard strongly surpasses most and his pronounced grabs and pokes are sure to influence some changes in your riding. Watch Ben’s flowing style throughout the series or listen to audio track #3 for some style hints along the way.

Mike McLin is a true technician of both wakeboarding and computer animation. Along with this talent came a mind full of ideas to help you progress on your board. Mike is extremely knowledgeable when it comes to explaining the physics of each trick and his audio track is sure to keep your mind overflowing with different ways to attack each trick. Listen to audio track #2 of the series for a very series 
approach to progression.

Enjoy!!