I couldn\'t get a good copy of Unified Folk Theory and I haven\'t been able to find their Christmas album either. If anyone does then let\'s finish this discography.

From Wikipedia:

\"The Giving Tree Band was started by brothers Todd and Eric Fink, whose father played piano and exposed them to The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, The Kinks, and other rock bands during their childhood. The brothers played together and with family members, developing a taste for songwriting. After their college years, the brothers wished to hone their music theory and technique skills, and in 2001, they formed a jam band called Stone Samadhi, whose sound Eric described as \"high energy, really weird jazz stuff\".
After Stone Samadhi disbanded in 2003, the brothers wanted to get back to lyric-oriented music, in the genres of folk and country, and The Giving Tree Band was born from this decision.
The Giving Tree Band released their first full-length album - a double disc, entitled Unified Folk Theory - in 2007. The album features 33 songs of original material. In 2008, the band set out to record a carbon-neutral album, which was done at the Aldo Leopold Legacy Center in Baraboo, Wisconsin. The album was released in 2009, and was entitled Great Possessions, which was the working title of conservationist Aldo Leopold\'s book, A Sand County Almanac.
On September 21, 2010, the band released their third full-length album, The Joke, The Threat & The Obvious. The album spent multiple weeks on various Americana radio charts, peaking at number 15 on the Roots Music Report and number 40 on the Americana Airplay Chart. The album also received critical acclaim, including a spot on Acoustic Guitar Magazine\'s \"Best Acoustic Albums of 2010\" list, as well as garnering positive reviews from such publications as Relix Magazine, The Huffington Post, and American Songwriter.
The group toured extensively in 2010, playing such notable festivals as South by Southwest, Wakarusa, the Philadelphia Folk Festival, and Forecastle Festival, along with such venues as The Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. and Millenium Park and the House of Blues in Chicago. When not touring, the band members all live together at a house in Yorkville, where they also record their albums.\"