 http://bayimg.com/HAJCbaaDh

Derek (2008) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1172992/

Written and Narrated by Tilda Swinton

A FILM BY ISAAC JULIEN

Tilda Swinton personally conducts an intimate cinematic commemoration of the life, times, and work of UK filmmaker, artist, and renegade Derek Jarman in Derek.

Isaac Julien's (Young Soul Rebels, Looking for Langston) documentary blends together vintage clips from Jarman's groundbreaking experimental theatrical works and 8mm films, never-before-seen footage from the sets of his Queer Cinema milestone Sebastiane and punk film landmark Jubilee, and revealing interview footage shot shortly before Jarman's death in 1994. In his own words and the words of those who knew him best, Derek reveals Jarman's religion-scarred beginnings and his ascent in the vibrant UK counterculture of the 60s and the London punk scene of the 70s. Also covered, his eight film collaboration with muse, companion and collaborator Tilda Swinton, the influential music videos made with The Smiths and The Pet Shop Boys, and Jarman's contributions to a British art scene he helped to redefine. 

Both a heartbreaking and giddily alive biopic and an accomplished homage (Art Forum), Isaac Julien's Derek is a joyful requiem celebrating Derek Jarman's life, vision and legacy with the same maverick energy and affectionate creativity that made its subject one of the most important artistic mirrors of his time. 

Michael Derek Elworthy Jarman (31 January 1942 – 19 February 1994) was an English film director, stage designer, diarist, artist, gardener and author.

Jarman was born in Northwood, Middlesex. His father was a military officer, born in New Zealand, and his mother was half-Jewish. He boarded at Canford School in Dorset, and from 1960 studied at King's College London. This was followed by four years at the Slade School of Art, University College London, starting in 1963. He had a studio at Butler's Wharf, London, and was part of the Andrew Logan social scene in the 1970s. Jarman was outspoken about homosexuality, his never-ending public fight for gay rights, and his personal struggle with AIDS.

Jarman first became known as a stage designer, getting his break in the film industry as production designer for Ken Russell's The Devils (1970). He later made his debut in overground narrative filmmaking with the groundbreaking Sebastiane (1976), arguably the first British film to feature positive images of gay sexuality, and the first film entirely in correct Latin. Sebastiane is a story about the martyrdom of St. Sebastian, which created a stir on the art cinema market because of its overt depiction of homosexual desire. Its stylistic tendency to camp was enhanced by its dialogue being in Latin.

On 22 December 1986, Jarman was diagnosed as HIV positive, and discussed his condition in public. His illness prompted him to move to Prospect Cottage, Dungeness in Kent, near the nuclear power station. In 1994, he died of an AIDS-related illness in London, aged 52. He is buried in the graveyard at St. Clements Church, Old Romney, Kent.

Extras
An introduction by Producer Colin MacCabe 
The Extended Derek Jarman Interview (1991) 
