 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 20 - Cosmic Conflict The Origin of Evil 2009 - RoSubbed


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 20 - Cosmic Conflict The Origin of Evil 2009 - RoSubbed



POtHS Comments on This one:     This is good stuff.

Description:        


Cosmic Conflict - The Origin of Evil 2009

Presented by Pastor Doug Batchelor, this Bible-based documentary on DVD will help you share how sin could invaded a perfect world made by a loving God.  A powerful, eye-opening documentary that focuses on the great controversy that began when Lucifer rebelled in heaven. It traces the transformation of a perfect angel into Satan, the creation of a beautiful new world, and the fall of man in Eden. Most important, it clearly explains how evil invaded a world made by a loving God, who wanted nothing more than peace and happiness for all His creation. Do you want to understand where evil came from and why God let it happen? In stunning detail, Cosmic Conflict:Origin of Evil brings to life the ultimate battle between good and evil. This film is an essential Christian resource that will help you pull down the spiritual veil and see everything at stake in the war between good and evil. You will witness a vital part of the history of the cosmos that will help you make sense of world around you at last. Filmed in HD and includes a 48-page companion book that features powerful animations. An essential Christian sharing tool.

Access Granted

Access Granted Chronicles with Forerunner777, interviews a military insider to discover very disturbing factual information concerning hidden agendas of our government and armed forces.  This intriguing interview exposes reasons for the deceitful military inflitration and its purpose.  


God's Second Coming

This is the Final Events PART 1 of the Bible Prophecy Produced by The Amazing facts". Hosted By The Seventh-Day Adventist Pastor Doug Batchelor on what will happen someday in the near future.

Many more important people have forgotten that there is no other name that was given so much authority as the name of Jesus. Many have died, but only Jesus died and rose again, and he is still alive. JESUS!!!



What benefit does it have, if a man gains the whole world but loses his soul? What can man give in exchange of his soul? (Mathew 16:26).

God graciously loves the worst criminals/sinners ("the WORLD" in John 3:16) in His Gospel -- and hates all sin and unrepentant sinners in His Law. God's "hate" (wrath) & "love" (grace) are far above MAN'S flawed concepts of the same. At the Last Day, Christ will condemn unrepentant sinners -- while vindicating true Christians.
We are Gods beloved and precious creatures, we are here to honor, praise and worship HIM, but fore most we are here to spread HIS WORD... so let us make GOD be the one to rule our journey here on earth, HE is our living GOD, JESUS CHRIST is his name...praising n worshipping is one of those ways to love to GOD...

For truly I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not the smallest letter or stroke shall pass from the Law until all is accomplished" (Matthew 5:17-1(Cool) 8).

Some of us are broken to become beautiful! It's possible to turn our scars into stars. It's possible to be better because of the brokenness. It is extremely rare to find in the great museums of the world objects of antiquity that are unbroken. Indeed, some of the most precious pieces in the world are only fragments that remain a hallowed reminder of a glorious past. We can never underestimate God's power to repair and restore!

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    





[img]resources/6515/41_20111125115433WomanRidesBeast2.jpg[/img [img]resources/6515/41_20111125115433DaveHuntBeyondSeductionAReturnToBiblicalChristianity21.jpg[/img       