Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:      
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:       
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:      
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:      
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:

 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mclwi06ed4605eg6qmcojchqhov   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kb6nznsiby941o5h353sayyhi6m0  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?imes8x5w9viatxizajfncf7oij9m  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3x785yp0ez5a6ah2p2z8ydqetp    LABIA! 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?187jula1hfwqae3bi2l2g9eve3d   cucumber 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xazyi5gbprb767xflxiwfjhgzpvu  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3ni6ko6rt3f2help6v78k96r6ih   ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?aljdpbrn2yf96d2gct1kb4ck4izl  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?45tdyq8s89ztazsk8j4t916fhnu   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?auyvvh17m3109rjmqyd7hu9cayq   vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?l1k7c52ue79radergjh3whqet74   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hi my name is Cory. I'm 22 years old. I'm a student at Arizona State University studying Psychology. I've lived in Arizona for most of my life but was born in Texas. Most of my family comes from Texas so I am still a die hard Cowboys and Longhorns fan!! I'm the youngest out of 9 kids, yes, that's right 9 kids! Being the baby of the family hasn't always been easy but it has had it's perks. I tend to get along with people of all ages because I have grown up around my variety of siblings. I'm closest with my 23 year old sister who actually inspired me to break into the adult industry. I have always been a very sexual person but only recently have I really opened up to that fact. I have always loved sex since I lost my virginity at the young age of 12 back in 2003..I knew at the time I was probably too young for sex but couldn't resist my urges. I'm glad that I did start at an early age though because I have had so many fun and interesting sexual experiences since then. I have become progressively more comfortable with expressing my desires be it masturbation, intimacy with another woman or engaging in sexual escapades with multiple partners..I have experienced quite a bit already! I have always enjoyed watching porn but had never really considered making any of my own. But over time I was told by many sexual partners that I was such a passionate lover that they wished they could film me. It wasn't until my older sister introduced me to webcam modeling that I started to become more comfortable with the idea of being watched while masturbating. At first it was just something I thought I'd be good at because of my exuberant sexuality..but..I have actually really come to enjoy it! I get a trill from being watched while I touch myself. It makes my orgasms that much more intense! I enjoy it so much that I tend to masturbate to the thought of being watched even when I'm alone. Now after having done my first gig with FTVgirls I feel that much more exhilarated about masturbation on camera. I had such a good time! It was fun and exciting and very pleasurable. Before today I didn't think there was anything left for me to do, in regards to masturbation, that I hadn't already done. But now I have had my first public masturbation experience, my first fisting experience and my first squirting experience!! It was amazing! Although my main career goals are in the field of psychology I cant imagine ever not wanting to be a part of the adult industry. It's just something I really enjoy!! I'm glad that I have the opportunity to be a part of a sexually open community..otherwise it would just be me alone with my naughty thoughts ;) Thanks for letting me share myself with you!!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Cory's sister contacted me a while back, interested in shooting.  She was on the fence however, and ended up setting up her sister to shoot first.  She sent these photos:  #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7.  Very cute for sure, and quite willing to try it all, we set up to shoot a full day.   She was quite shy & timid at first, as you see through the first video clips.  A lot of nipple stretching/pulling throughout the videos, she has some fun ones to play with.  Beautiful face, and a rather genuinely personable girl, I tried to bring out her natural personality over time.  She masturbates to orgasm with just her fingers only, with visible vaginal contractions.  I wasn't happy about her toenails (which forced me to crop her feet through the first masturbation video) so I had her touch up her nail polish (which became an extra outtake video for those of you who like that sort of thing).  With newfound confidence, she puts on her favorite dress & heels, and goes out to another public location.  We get some zucchini stuffing fetish, and some nude walking.  Then she masturbates again with a vibrator she brought with her to another strong orgasm.  Notice the milky wet buildup.  I did cut down both masturbation videos by the way, they were about 9 minutes long, to more like 5 minutes.

Model Comments: (written on previous page)
Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Her lovely personality finally shines through the interview, and gets caught by employees (who were at least cool about it) with her breasts out.  Cory is wearing a very sexy outfit that compliments her look and I would say looking like she'd be perfect to take out on a date.  Stopping at a random public place, she goes topless to the street.  She mentioned that she was self conscious about possibly having a little stubble on extreme closeups, so a shower scene leads to shaving.  In a more casual green dress, she goes barefoot into sprinkers on the grass (right across a police station!) and fingers herself.  We did stay a little too long... and a security guy kicked us off the property.  A little dancing leads to fingering, and her wedging her way to extreme.  It ends up becoming a full fisting session where she takes her hand really deep at some points, and seems to enjoy it.  She gapes for us, where we can almost see her cervix.  Since she used to do webcam stuff at home, I let her take control of a camera on tripod, and let her get more intimate with it while fingering herself.  The fingering also leads to anal play.  The only downside to Cory is her stretchmarks on her thighs, which might distract some of you (though more likely to be visible on the 8K HD vids).  She had a baby when she was 18, so yes, she is a mommy.  It all ends with a bang, as she uses the Vibraking (I did think she would be a good candidate for it) and comes to two squirting orgasms.  It shocks her, and sort of embarrasses her.  She didn't expect it, and its the first time she's ever squirted in her life.   If I had know it was going to happen, I would have put some towels under the couch!   It all leads to a happy ending for her.  Total First Timer, and FTV exclusive :)