Downloader Instructions

The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Survival Series - Part 25 - Self-Defense - Krav Mag





POtHS 3 - Survival Series - Part 25 - Self Defense - Krav Mag



What's in This Folder: Can you defend yourself and your loved ones??? I doubt it. This stuff is Killer.

Krav Maga - The Original Israeli Self Defense System

Krav Maga (pronounced (kräv) (mägä)) is Hebrew for "contact combat." It is the official self-defense system of the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF), and is used by members of the New York Police Department (NYPD), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the US Secret Service, and the US Armed Forces, as well as many other elite combat, defense, and law enforcement units around the world.

Developed in the tough battlegrounds of the Middle-East, Krav Maga has been effectively adapted for law enforcement and civilian use. It is the ideal self-defense system for use on the street - a place where no rules exist.

Krav Maga is a self-defense system that anyone can use, regardless of size, strength, or fitness. Krav Maga emphasizes simple and practical techniques, real life scenarios, and intense training.

The Krav Maga Federation follows the guidlines and principles set forth by Krav Maga founder Imi Lichtenfeld without alteration. The founder set forth codes of conduct as Martial Artists as well as utilizing the belted sytem whereby material and techniques separate ranks of students, White through Black belt. KMF schools are dedicated to honoring his legacy by continuing to follow these principles,continuing to provide the highest level of authentic Krav Maga training.



Coming Soon.....My Last Conspiracy Fact

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved - Jesus Lives[/size]



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved - Jesus Lives
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                               End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                      Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                    Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                  Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                              Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                         Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

[color=purple]11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    


   
      