Description
 


t
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

POtHS - Holy Treasures - 01 - Barry Smith - What On Earth Is Going On - + Bonus Material


 
POtHS - Holy Treasures - 01 - Barry Smith - What On Earth Is Going On + Bonus Material



Barry Rumsey Smith (10 May 1933 - 27 June 2002) was a Christian preacher and author from New Zealand. Smith travelled extensively preaching throughout the Pacific, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and around the world. He wrote eight books with the theme of end times prophecy. His writings also appeared in his monthly newspaper Omega Times.
Contents
Biography

Smith was highly concerned about the New World Order, One World Government and the Mark of the Beast, which he believed would be achieved through some form of modern technology such as barcode tattoos, or a subcutaneous chip used to replace money, such as those currently being sold by VeriChip. He stated that he was not a prophet (more precisely that he had no supernatural prescient knowledge of further events) but that his analysis of global situations coupled with his understanding of biblical end-times prophesy led him to make predictions concerning near-future global events.

Although many of his predictions were wrong in their timing, many are said to have come to fruition or arguably will occur in the future, such as the development of the subcutaneous RFID implant, the rise of terrorism, as well as the Middle East Conflicts. He also predicted that the rise of globalisation was a precursor to a one world government and another global financial crisis on a par with the 1929 stock market crash. For Barry Smith, a one world government would be satanic and evil, a belief taken from his study of biblical prophecy.

He was strongly Anti-Masonic. He talked about the detail of the "great seal" on the US $1 bill, linking the symbolism to Freemasony, and the layout of certain landmark buildings in Washington DC in which he claimed could be found the Masonic square and compass, and the inverted pentagram.
[edit] Beliefs

Smith wrote several books (see details below) and gave regular public addresses, usually to audiences at churches both in major cities and small towns all around the world. His themes were principally Christian eschatology, conspiracy theory and a Christian evangelical message encouraging his audiences to accept Jesus Christ as their Saviour.

Many bold claims were made by Smith, both in his books and at his public meetings which were controversial. He preached and lectured using many anecdotes, many of which were not easy to independently verify. Frequently it was not clear through how many intermediaries a story had passed before reaching him and his audience.

   * Smith described global warming as a "red herring." Smith claims there is no evidence that the greenhouse effect has begun.[citation needed]
   * HIV, the virus responsible for AIDS, was deliberately made by the World Health Organisation and the US Army research institute in Fort Detrick, Maryland, and is involved in secret biological warfare programmes against the "free world".[citation needed] Further, Smith claimed that ozone and hydrogen peroxide can be used to kill the AIDS virus when administered to the blood streams of those infected. Smith quoted the name of a doctor in Nairobi allegedly carrying out this procedure. There does not appear to be any independent corroboration of this anecdotal claim.[citation needed]
   * A Russian cruise ship, the Mikhail Lermontov, which struck a rock in the Marlborough Sounds, New Zealand, and sank in 1986,[1] was the subject of a deliberate cover-up and conspiracy, involving possibly, espionage activities by the then Soviet Union's navy.[citation needed] Conspiracy theories concerning the sinking have persisted in New Zealand.

Smith was a proponent of the 9/11 conspiracy theories, claiming that the September 11 attacks were orchestrated by the US federal government. He stated that he was not a prophet and admitted that he made mistaken predictions, claiming that he was just "a commentator". Shortly before his death in 2002 he was forecasting an imminent worldwide financial and economic "collapse". At the end of 2008, that is one forecast whose fulfillment some would see in contemporary events.[who?] Some of the concerns Barry Smith had in relation to the New World Order and its surrounding issues have also been addressed in a similar fashion by Dr Stan Monteith.[2][3] His favourite song was "Amazing Grace", with which he ended his meetings and in his eyes his greatest success was not in forecasting future events, but in leading large numbers of individuals to accept Jesus as their Lord and Saviour. The churches he preached at appreciated his work and many invited him back repeatedly during his lifetime.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                              (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    



           
 



 
   