File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: Plextor PX-716SA
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 4 (Secure Mode) (for some rips)
Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode) (for other rips)
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce
Torrent Hash: D0A59035A470F3BE2B565A51CB16D267EB01B79E
File Size: 7.52 GB
Label: New West, Lost Highway, Soul Dump


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


Drive By Truckers: 


Gangstabilly 1998 (re-released 2005) NW6068 *
Pizza Deliverance 1999 (re-released 2005) NW6069 *
Alabama Ass Whuppin' 2000 (not my rip)
Southern Rock Opera 2001 (re-released 2002) 088 170 308-2 *
Decoration Day 2003 NW6047 * 
The Dirty South 2004 NW6058 *
A Blessing and a Curse 2006 NW6089 *
Brighter than Creation’s Dark 2008 NW6135 *
The Fine Print: Oddities & Rarities 2009 NW6169 *
Live From Austin, TX 2009 NW6168 *
The Big To-Do 2010 ATO0084 *
Go-Go Boots 2011 ATO0093 *
Live At Third Man 2011 (not my rip) 
Bonus & Extra Tracks (not my rips)



Patterson Hood 


Killers & Stars 2004 NW6051 *
Murdering Oscar 2009 (no catalog) *



Jason Isbell 


Sirens of the Ditch 2007 (not my rip)
Live At Twist & Shout 11.16.07 2008 (not my rip)
Self Titled 2009 (not my rip)
Here We Rest 2011 (not my rip)



I would like to thank Demonoid member Howdjadoo for Jason Isbell - Sirens of the Ditch and Live At Twist & Shout. Also for his generous contribution of a bunch of Drive By Truckers Bonus and Extra Tracks. This was a collaboration between the two of us to bring you the best, most complete DBT flac torrent out there. So Thanks bro! Also, within this folder there's a few tracks that are m4a lossy so I just left them in because they are rather rare and apparently cannot be found in lossless. 



Please help seed these FLACs! 


From Wiki:

Drive-By Truckers are an alternative country and Southern rock band based in Athens, Georgia, though three out of five members (Mike Cooley, Patterson Hood, and Shonna Tucker) are originally from The Shoals region of Northern Alabama. Their music is noteworthy for its "three axe attack", or three guitars as well as bass and drums. Their lyrics often revolve around drifters and outlaws trying to survive in economically-depressed small towns.

Drive-By Truckers was co-founded by Patterson Hood (son of bassist David Hood of the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section) and longtime friend and musical partner Mike Cooley in Athens, Georgia, in 1996. The two men had played in various other bands including Adam's House Cat which was chosen as a top ten Best Unsigned Band by a Musician contest in the late 1980s.

Together with a revolving group of musicians, Drive-By Truckers put out their first two albums, Gangstabilly (1998) and Pizza Deliverance (1999). Following their second release, the band embarked on a nationwide tour, resulting in a live album called Alabama Ass Whuppin' (released in 2000 by Second Heaven Records, re-released in 2002 by Terminus Records). They had an entertaining and informational website long before most bands had begun taking advantage of the internet as a promotional tool, and together with constant touring, they quickly developed a large and dedicated fan base both on and off-line. 





Gangstabilly 1998


Gangstabilly is the 1998 debut album of Athens via Alabama rock group Drive-By Truckers. On the band's website, frontman Patterson Hood said that "[Gangstabilly is] the most country of any of our albums." He goes on to admit that the record is "not our best album, but lots of fun and more than a little hint of the better things to come."

The album, was recorded "live in the studio" over the course of two days and was produced by Andy Baker and Andy LeMaster. The album's cover art was created by Jim Stacy. The album was rereleased in 2005 by New West Records along with the band's second studio effort, Pizza Deliverance.


Tracks:

1.	"Wife Beater" - 3:32 (Hood) 
2.	"Demonic Possession" - 4:51 (Hood) 
3.	"The Tough Sell" - 3:41 (Hood) 
4.	"The Living Bubba" - 5:56 (Hood) 
5.	"Late for Church" - 5:26 (Hood/Howell) 
6.	"Panties in Your Purse" - 4:41 (Cooley) 
7.	"Why Henry Drinks" - 4:13 (Hood) 
8.	"18 Wheels of Love" - 4:10 (Hood) 
9.	"Steve McQueen" - 5:12 (Hood) 
10.	"Buttholeville" - 5:25 (Hood) 
11.	"Sandwiches for the Road" - 6:40 (Hood) 




Pizza Deliverance 1999


Pizza Deliverance is the second album released by Alabama country rock group Drive-By Truckers, released in 1999. It was recorded with high spirits in five days at Patterson Hood's house. The album was mixed by Andy LeMaster. The album cover art was created by Jim Stacy. The album was re-released by New West Records on January 25, 2005 along with the band's first studio effort, Gangstabilly. Hood dedicated the album to Arthur Alexander, Sam Phillips and Jerry Wexler.

After the release of Pizza Deliverance the band began touring some 150 dates in as little as six months. It was during the beginning of the tour that Brad Morgan replaced Matt Lane on drums due to Lane's decision to focus more on his own band, The Possiblilities. Most of Drive-By Trucker's breakthrough album, Southern Rock Opera, was written while the band toured in support of Pizza Deliverance.

Pizza Deliverance saw guitarist Mike Cooley's first major contributions to the band (aside from Gangstabilly's "Panties In Your Purse" ) as his songwriting and lyrical style continued to develop.


Tracks


1.	Bulldozers and Dirt – 4:29 (Hood) 
2.	Nine Bullets – 4:05 (Hood) 
3.	Uncle Frank – 5:29 (Cooley) 
4.	Too Much Sex (Too Little Jesus) – 3:16 (Hood) 
5.	Box of Spiders – 3:30 (Hood) 
6.	One of These Days – 5:15 (Cooley) 
7.	Margo and Harold – 4:51 (Hood) 
8.	The Company I Keep – 7:02 (Hood) 
9.	The President's Penis Is Missing – 4:12 (Hood) 
10.	Tales Facing Up – 5:03 (Hood) 
11.	Love Like This – 5:23 (Cooley) 
12.	Mrs. Dubose – 5:40 (Malone) 
13.	Zoloft – 3:17 (Hood) 
14.	The Night G.G. Allin Came to Town – 4:50 (Hood) 






Alabama Ass Whuppin' 2000


Alabama Ass Whuppin' is the title of the first Drive-By Truckers live album. It is was recorded live in Athens and Atlanta in Fall of 1999.

Tracks: 


1.	"Why Henry Drinks"
2.	"Lookout Mountain"
3.	"The Living Bubba"
4.	"Too Much Sex (Too Little Jesus)"
5.	"Don't Be in Love Around Me"
6.	"18 Wheels of Love"
7.	"The Avon Lady"
8.	"Margo and Harold"
9.	"Buttholeville"
10.	"Steve McQueen"
11.	"People Who Died"
12.	"Love Like This"





Southern Rock Opera 2001


Southern Rock Opera is a 2001 double album from the Drive-By Truckers. Covering an ambitious range of subject matter from the politics of race to 70s stadium rock, Southern Rock Opera either imagines, or filters, every topic through the context of legendary Southern band, Lynyrd Skynyrd. Alternatively known as an alt-country band or a jam band, the Drive-by Truckers are from northern Alabama but based in Athens, Georgia. Southern Rock Opera was the band's third studio album and was originally self-released on Soul Dump Records. It was re-released on July 16, 2002 by Lost Highway Records. Known for its do-it-yourself funding, Southern Rock Opera was financed by issuing promissory notes in exchange for loans from fans, family and friends of the band. The album's artwork was done by Virginia artist, Wes Freed.

Southern Rock Opera is a concept album. The title of "rock opera" is a bit of a misnomer. The album is actually more of a song cycle. It was dubbed "Southern Rock Opera" as both an homage and criticism of the era in time the album chronicles; the 1970s. In the style of an opera, in the classical sense, Southern Rock Opera is a bildungsroman. It contains an opening overture called "Days of Graduation" which sets the album's dark mood, and provides narrative foreshadowing in the form of a fatal car crash.

Like any good opera, the album has its fair share of both humor and tragedy. Variations on the chord progressions of the opening riff of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Sweet Home Alabama" serve as the album's leitmotif. The album's packaging even includes a libretto penned by Drive-By Truckers' frontman, Patterson Hood. The album has three intertwined themes running through it. These are probably best articulated in the first three songs written for the album, "Let There Be Rock", "Wallace", and "Angels and Fuselage". Patterson Hood wrote these songs in mid-September of 1998, shortly after the death of Alabama's most famous and controversial governor, George Wallace. "I knew that I had three ingredients for the foundation of this record, for the structure of the record, so after that, it became more of a matter of filling in blanks", Hood said.

In "Let There Be Rock", Hood tells a mostly autobiographical story about a Southern man and his experiences at Southern rock and Arena rock concerts and his alcohol and drug-induced escapades as a young man. The song also details Hood's embitterment over a cancelled and rescheduled 1977 Lynyrd Skynyrd concert that was supposed to take place at The Von Braun Civic Center in Huntsville, Alabama. The band would never get the chance to make up the date due to the plane crash that killed three of its members only a few months later on October 20, 1977. The song explores just what it's like to be a young, blue-collar, Southerner pining for something bigger; fame and stardom; or an escape, at the very least. The song's title is, of course, an homage to the 1977 AC/DC album and song of the same name.

"Wallace" is a song that's "told from the devil's point of view" as he welcomes George Wallace to his new home in hell. "Wallace" best exemplifies the album's second theme, that of Southern segregationist and "Dixiecrat" politics. Southern Rock Opera argues, quite effectively, that Southern demagogues holding high office, like George Wallace and Bull Connor, have proliferated the Southern stereotypes of ignorance and racism through the bigotry and violence they themselves have created through their politics. A whole new level is added on to the theory when Hood reminds everyone that George Wallace wasn't actually a firm believer in segregation. In fact, Wallace only did and said the things he did to appease his constituency. In doing this, "Wallace" also addresses the album's main idea, that being "the duality of 'the Southern thing'". In the spoken word recitative that precedes "Wallace", called "The Three Great Alabama Icons", Patterson Hood explains that Wallace finds himself in hell "not because he's a racist... but because of his blind ambition and his hunger for votes, he turned a blind eye to the sufferering of black America, and he became a pawn in the fight against the civil rights cause". Hood goes into great detail on the subject of George Wallace and, more specifically, the Southern racist stereotype. Though Patterson Hood penned the song, "Wallace", now-departed Trucker guitarist, Rob Malone, sings lead vocals for the album version of the song.

On October 27, 2005, Drive-By Truckers performed the song in Auburn, Alabama (with Hood back on lead vocals) in memory of the late civil rights pioneer, Rosa Parks who died three days earlier on October 24.

"Angels and Fuselage" depicts the final minutes of the fictional band, Betamax Guillotine, based almost exclusively on Lynyrd Skynyrd. The narrator is "adding up the cost of these dreams" as the plane carrying him and his band is crashing into a Southern Mississippi swamp.

The name, "Betamax Guillotine", is a reference to a long standing urban legend in which video literally killed the radio star. According to the legend, Skynyrd's lead singer, Ronnie Van Zant, was actually killed by blunt force trauma during the band's infamous plane crash when, upon impact, the plane's on-board VCR became dislodged, striking Van Zant in the back of the head and killing him instantly. Though the rumor probably isn't true, that's a moot point in the context of this album that points out that, in the case of Skynyrd, "legend overshadows the songs and the band".

Lynyrd Skynyrd, and this kind of mythology that surrounds them, is Southern Rock Opera's most prominent theme. "It's the ultimate underdogs-come-from-nothing-and-become-this-huge-great-thing. And then the tragic ending and even the coincidences of the story. If you made that shit up, no one would believe it. The fact that they rehearsed for years in a swamp, and then their plane crashed into a swamp. Plus, the story was so full of contradictions, as was the South. It became such a perfect metaphor for exploring the South and its contradictions" said Hood. "Bands like Lynryd Skynyrd attempted to show another side of the South. One that certainly exists. But Few saw beyond the rebel flag", says Hood in "Three Great Alabama Icons", "and this applies not only to their critics and detractors, but also from their fans and followers". Hood, again, brings up the idea of duality. Even though Lynyrd Skynyrd did their best to be the representatives of the good side of the Southern story, they were largely misunderstood and the bad side started showing up at their concerts.

Lynyrd Skynyrd's famous feud with Neil Young also comes into play during the course of the album. In the song "Ronnie and Neil", Hood sings of even more duality. Though Ronnie Van Zant and Neil Young's feud is one of the most famous in rock history, the two were actually friends, and very respectful of each others' work.

One of Southern Rock Opera's biggest implications is that to be Southern is to want to leave the South; the urge to get away from George Wallace, Bear Bryant, your girlfriend's dad, and the "Plastic Flowers on the Highway". Some make it out and go on to bigger things, like Lynyrd Skynyrd, and, indeed Patterson Hood himself, only to have a new-found appreciation of their region after they've left it. Others, like the narrator of the song, "Dead, Drunk, and Naked" end up hanging around their hometowns forever. Along the way they pick up drug habits, alcoholism, and a lot of bitterness, sadness, and regret. Even for those that do make it out, the way out of the South isn't easy.

This concept is probably best explored by DBT co-founder Mike Cooley's songs, "72 (This Highway's Mean)" and "Zip City". In both songs, Cooley comments on the roads, both literal and figurative, out of small town Alabama. One verse, in particular, sums up "72": Mean old highway/ Stuck to the ground in Mississippi/ It's the one'll set me free/ It's the same one that I see/ Being ripped up off the ground and wrapped around me/ Don't let it fool you this highway's mean." In one of the most memorable, and brilliant, lines of the entire album, during "Zip City", Cooley's narrator tells his girlfriend to "Keep your drawers on girl/ It ain't worth the fight/ By the time you drop 'em, I'll be gone/ And you'll be right where they fall the rest of your life." Even those who make it out, can still end up as nothing more than "Plastic Flowers on the Highway". That's the duality of "The Southern Thing".

Southern Rock Opera, once again, asks the age old question: "Is it better to burn out or fade away?" Is it better to sell the road cases for drugs, or let them go down with you when your band's world tour plane crashes? Drive-By Truckers have intentionally left this an open question.

The idea for Southern Rock Opera actually pre-dates the band's formation in 1996. Southern Rock Opera began in a long discussion between, Drive-By Truckers' frontman, Patterson Hood, and, former Truckers' bassist and producer, Earl Hicks, during a road trip. The pair discussed writing a semi-autobiographical screenplay about growing up in the South during the 1970's, and the rise and, literal, fall of Southern rock legends, Lynyrd Skynyrd.

In a 2006 contributed article for MSN Music regarding Lynyrd Skynyrd's recent induction into The Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame, Patterson Hood had this to say regarding the album's genesis: "My original idea was to write "Southern Rock Opera" as a screenplay, but alas, the thought of a Hollywood version of this story seemed worse than a nightmare (Leonardo DiCaprio as Ronnie? AGGGGH!)."

Soon after this discussion, Patterson Hood formed Drive-By Truckers. The Truckers recorded two studio albums and one live album during the four years between their formation and the actual recording of Southern Rock Opera. During these years, Drive-By's principal songwriters Patterson Hood, Mike Cooley, and Rob Malone continued to contribute songs to "The Rock Opera", as they'd come to calling it.

After the release of their live album, Alabama Ass Whuppin', Drive-By Truckers began recording what they hoped to be their magnum opus: Southern Rock Opera. According to Patterson Hood, "(the album) was recorded in Birmingham, upstairs in a uniform shop during an early September heat wave, with no air-conditioning. We had to turn the fans off when we were recording, and we worked from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. So Southern Rock Opera was fun to write, but we had a miserable time making it."

After the album was finished, however, the troubles continued for The Truckers when they ran out of funding for the immense project. To resolve the problem, and to avoid "any fine print crap", as Hood put it, the band took a very non-traditional approach. The Truckers made a prospectus, and solicited investors, with a promise of 15% interest, to pay for the manufacturing and distribution of Southern Rock Opera. The approach worked. Through their fan-based online news group and by sheer word of mouth, The Truckers were able to raise approximately $15,000. This allowed them to print about 5,000 copies of the album, and buy a new, used, van for touring. Most notably included in the group, dubbed "The DBT Investors", was Widespread Panic bassist, and fellow Athenian, David Schools. Southern Rock Opera was finally released on September 12, 2001 on Soul Dump Records.

The album received a four star rating from Rolling Stone Magazine.


Tracks:


Disc 1: Act 1

1.	"Days of Graduation" (Hood) 
2.	"Ronnie and Neil" (Hood) 
3.	"72 (This Highway's Mean)" (Cooley) 
4.	"Dead, Drunk, and Naked" (Hood) 
5.	"Guitar Man Upstairs" (Cooley) 
6.	"Birmingham" (Hood) 
7.	"The Southern Thing" (Hood) 
8.	"The Three Great Alabama Icons" (Hood) 
9.	"Wallace" (Hood) 
10.	"Zip City" (Cooley) 
11.	"Moved" (Malone) 


Disc 2: Act 2


1.	"Let There Be Rock" (Hood) 
2.	"Road Cases" (Hood) 
3.	"Women Without Whiskey" (Cooley) 
4.	"Plastic Flowers on the Highway" (Hood) 
5.	"Cassie's Brother" (Malone) 
6.	"Life in the Factory" (Hood) 
7.	"Shut Up and Get on the Plane" (Cooley) 
8.	"Greenville to Baton Rouge" (Hood) 
9.	"Angels and Fuselage" (Hood)




Decoration Day 2003


Decoration Day is a rock album released by Drive-By Truckers in 2003. Recorded in Athens, Georgia and produced by noted producer and former Sugar bassist David Barbe, the album is the Truckers' fifth, including their live album Alabama Ass Whoopin', following the critically acclaimed Southern Rock Opera. The album features a more mellow, stripped down, and reserved sound compared to Southern Rock Opera's heavy hitting southern rock. Decoration Day is the first album to feature Jason Isbell on guitar; he would record two more albums with the band before leaving to pursue a solo career in 2007.

Guitarist & songwriter Patterson Hood describes Decoration Day as being lyrically a "pretty dark" record[1], though he notes that the band "had so much fun making it, and I think that kind of comes through". Three of the album's songs - "Heathens", "Your Daddy Hates Me" and "Give Pretty Soon" - are referred to as being Hood's "divorce trilogy", dealing with what Hood himself refers to as the "emotional fallout" that follows divorce.[2] As is the Truckers' trademark, a number of Decoration Day's songs deal with elements of southern folklore. The title track, written by guitarist Jason Isbell, tells "a story that's rumored to be true" of two families involved in a passionate intergenerational feud which has gone on so long that few can remember why such hatred exists between them. Isbell wrote the song just three days after joining the band while touring in support of Southern Rock Opera.

Isbell's "Outfit" describes the advice given to him by his own father, advising him, among other things, to have fun but to avoid drugs, to call home for his sister's birthday, not to sing in a "fake British accent" or to make The Beatles' faux pas and claim to be "bigger than Jesus". Furthering the focus on interfamilial relations - albeit in a much different way - is Hood's "The Deeper In", which tells the story of the only two people in the United States to be serving prison time for consensual brother/sister incest. This somewhat cryptic title is actually part of a Southern, tongue-in-cheek expression -- "The closer kin, the deeper in."

Having been brought to the attention of many critics through the success of Southern Rock Opera, Decoration Day was eagerly anticipated and, upon its arrival, very well received. The album garnered excellent reviews from critics like Robert Christgau of The Village Voice as well as publications such as SPIN Magazine, Pitchfork Media [3] and Rolling Stone [4]. Decoration Day would go on to place on many publications' "Best of 2003" lists, including the Village Voice's influential Pazz & Jop poll [5], No Depression's "40 Best Alt. Country Albums of 2003" [6], Rolling Stone's "Critics' Top 10 of 2003" [7] and Amazon.com's "Top 100 Editors' Picks of 2003" [8].


Tracks:


1.	"The Deeper In" (Hood) 
2.	"Sink Hole" (Hood) 
3.	"Hell No, I Ain't Happy" (Hood) 
4.	"Marry Me" (Cooley) 
5.	"My Sweet Annette" (Hood) 
6.	"Outfit" (Isbell) 
7.	"Heathens" (Hood) 
8.	"Sounds Better in the Song" (Cooley) 
9.	"(Something's Got to) Give Pretty Soon" (Hood) 
10.	"Your Daddy Hates Me" (Hood) 
11.	"Careless" (Hood) 
12.	"When the Pin Hits the Shell" (Cooley) 
13.	"Do It Yourself" (Hood) 
14.	"Decoration Day" (Isbell) 
15.	"Loaded Gun in the Closet" (Cooley) 





The Dirty South 2004


The Dirty South is the sixth album by Alabamian country rock group Drive-By Truckers, released in 2004. The Dirty South is Drive-By Truckers' second concept album (the first being Southern Rock Opera). The album like its predecessors examines the state of the South, and unveils the hypocrisy, irony, and tragedy that continues to exist.

Patterson Hood's Tornadoes was originally written in 1988 in reaction to the closing concert for the Adam’s House Cat Nightmare Tour. The Nightmare Tour set list was composed almost exclusively of songs containing metaphors or imagery of trains, but the lack of the tour’s success forced Hood and his band to abandon the concept and start afresh. Hood read an eyewitness account of the tornado in the local paper the next day and wrote Tornadoes after reading her statement that “it sounded like a train.” Puttin’ People on the Moon, written by Hood, tells the story of a town downriver of Huntsville and their “rocket envy” or economic depression due to the negative environmental and economic effects of NASA’s Marshall Spaceflight Center. Mike Cooley’s Carl Perkin’s Cadillac recounts the celebrated SUN Records, Sam Phillips, and the music industry in general.

The Dirty South contains a three song suite ("The Boys From Alabama", "Cottonseed", and "The Buford Stick" ) about Sheriff Buford Pusser. The Boys From Alabama was inspired by the misconceptions and “really bad movies” of the Redneck Mafia and recounts the movie Walking Tall from a "different point of view". Hood felt that telling the story from "the bad guy's" point of view would be more interesting. Cooley's "Cottonseed" tells a story of corruption, crime, killing, greed, fixed elections, guns, drugs, whores and booze and uses subtle imagery to provide a very negative interpretation of Pusser. Hood's "The Buford Stick" completes the suite by providing examples of the negative effects of Pusser's actions while offering a less glorified view of the mythology surrounding Pusser.

While most of the songs are written as stories, Jason Isbell's song, "The Day John Henry Died," uses southern imagery to tell the story of his grandfather. Isbell said that it was about "winning the battle but losing the war." Isbell's second track on the album, "Danko/Manuel," is a departure from the usual southern gothic lyrical style written by Cooley and Hood. Originally Isbell tried to tell the story of Rick Danko, Richard Manuel, and The Band's demise, but found the scope of the concept too difficult to actually do justice to their story, and instead shifted the concept to a telling of life of a musician through the eyes and actions of Danko and Manuel. As of February 2008, The Dirty South is Drive-By Trucker's best selling album.


Tracks:


1.	"Where the Devil Don't Stay" (Cooley) 
2.	"Tornadoes" (Hood) 
3.	"The Day John Henry Died" (Isbell) 
4.	"Puttin' People on the Moon" (Hood) 
5.	"Carl Perkins' Cadillac" (Cooley) 
6.	"The Sands of Iwo Jima" (Hood) 
7.	"Danko/Manuel" (Isbell) 
8.	"The Boys From Alabama" (Hood) 
9.	"Cottonseed" (Cooley) 
10.	"The Buford Stick" (Hood) 
11.	"Daddy's Cup" (Cooley) 
12.	"Never Gonna Change" (Isbell) 
13.	"Lookout Mountain" (Hood) 
14.	"Goddamn Lonely Love" (Isbell) 





A Blessing and a Curse 2006


A Blessing and a Curse is the seventh album by Drive-By Truckers, released in 2006. It peaked at #50 on the The Billboard 200, which was the highest charting for the band until 2008's follow up, Brighter Than Creation's Dark, which hit #37. Ironically A Blessing and a Curse is regarded as their most controversial and polarizing album by both the band and fans. This is the last album to feature Jason Isbell on guitar as he left the band in spring of 2007. A Blessing and a Curse is a departure from Drive-By Truckers' previous sound, exhibiting less of a 'southern-rock' chemistry and taking on a more classic rock edge than any of their previous records. A Blessing And A Curse and its predecessor, The Dirty South, are the only two albums by Drive-By Truckers that have the same exact band line-up.


Tracks:

1.	"Feb 14" (Hood) 
2.	"Gravity's Gone" (Cooley) 
3.	"Easy on Yourself" (Isbell) 
4.	"Aftermath USA" (Hood) 
5.	"Goodbye" (Hood) 
6.	"Daylight" (Isbell) 
7.	"Wednesday" (Hood) 
8.	"Little Bonnie" (Hood) 
9.	"Space City" (Cooley) 
10.	"A Blessing and a Curse" (Hood) 
11.	"A World of Hurt" (Hood) 





Brighter than Creation’s Dark 2008


Brighter Than Creation's Dark is the eighth album released by Drive-By Truckers. It was released on January 22, 2008 in the United States. Recorded during and after the acoustic Dirt Underneath Tour, the album features a more stripped down, and country based sound not seen since their sophomore release Pizza Deliverance. The album's title is taken from a line in a Mike Cooley song entitled "Checkout Time in Vegas". Wes Freed once again provided the album artwork. According to guitarist Patterson Hood, the band's decision on the name of the album was greatly influenced by the Freed's artwork. Hood also said that the album was recorded with much ease and did not require compromises. The album was released as both a compact disc as well as a double vinyl. In Sweden it charted at #37 on the official albums chart. The band has announced that they will embark on a world-wide tour entitled "The Home Front Tour" throughout the entirety of 2008 in support of Brighter Than Creation's Dark.


Tracks:

1.	"Two Daughters and a Beautiful Wife" (Hood) 
2.	"Three Dimes Down" (Cooley) 
3.	"The Righteous Path" (Hood) 
4.	"I'm Sorry Huston" (Tucker) 
5.	"Perfect Timing" (Cooley)
6.	"Daddy Needs a Drink" (Hood) 
7.	"Self Destructive Zones" (Cooley)
8.	"Bob" (Cooley)
9.	"Home Field Advantage" (Tucker) 
10.	"Opening Act" (Hood) 
11.	"Lisa's Birthday" (Cooley) 
12.	"The Man I Shot" (Hood) 
13.	"Purgatory Line" (Tucker) 
14.	"The Home Front" (Hood) 
15.	"Checkout Time in Vegas" (Cooley) 
16.	"You and Your Crystal Meth" (Hood) 
17.	"Goode's Field Road" (Hood) 
18.	"A Ghost to Most" (Cooley) 
19.	"Monument Valley" (Hood) 






The Fine Print: A Collection of Oddities & Rarities 2009


The Fine Print is a collection of unreleased material by the Drive-By Truckers mostly recorded throughout the making of their albums Decoration Day and The Dirty South; a highly prolific period for the band. It features album artwork and a sample of concert posters from 2009 by Wes Freed, and is produced by David Barbe. The Fine Print is the first Drive-By Trucker release to include covers of other artist's original recordings; most notably "Rebels" by Tom Petty, and "Like a Rolling Stone" by Bob Dylan. The latter of these songs has each of its four verses sung in rotation by Hood, Tucker, Isbell, and Cooley.

Two of the songs on the album, "Uncle Frank" and "Goode's Field Road" are alternate takes of songs released on other Drive-By Truckers albums. "Uncle Frank" has only minor differences from the original as heard on Pizza Deliverance, while "Goode's Field Road" is much harder and faster than the slower paced track eventually recorded for Brighter Than Creation's Dark. The Fine Print version of "Goode's Field Road" almost made it onto The Dirty South, but at the last minute was switched for "Lookout Mountain". As the album was recorded during Jason Isbell's tenure with the Drive-By Truckers, two of his songs as performed by the Drive-By Truckers were also included. Though released in 2009, when Jay Gonzalez was already an official member of the band, he does not make an appearance on The Fine Print due to the recording dates of the tracks.


Tracks: 


1.	"George Jones Talkin' Cell Phone Blues" - 4:08 (Hood)
2.	"Rebels" - 4:53(Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers cover)
3.	"Uncle Frank" - 5:22 (alternate version) (Cooley)
4.	"TVA" - 6:57 (Isbell)
5.	"Goode's Field Road" - 4:15 (alternate version) (Hood)
6.	"The Great Car Dealer War" - 5:38 (Hood)
7.	"Mama Bake a Pie (Daddy Kill A Chicken)" - 3:20 (Tom T Hall cover)
8.	"When The Well Runs Dry" - 4:10 (Isbell)
9.	"Mrs. Claus' Kimono" - 4:26 (Hood)
10.	"Play It All Night Long" - 5:10 (Warren Zevon cover)
11.	"Little Pony And The Great Big Horse" - 3:38 (Cooley)
12.	"Like A Rolling Stone" - 6:02 (Bob Dylan cover)






Live from Austin TX 2009


Live From Austin, TX is the second live album by the Southern rock band Drive-By Truckers. It was released as a two disc CD/DVD combo. It was recorded on September 26, 2008, and boasts an almost twelve minute recording of the song 18 Wheels of Love, which was originally released on their first album Gangstabilly. Guitarist Patterson Hood stated the album and DVD are: "by far our best filmed performance."


Tracks:

1.	"Perfect Timing" (Cooley)
2.	"Heathens" (Hood)
3.	"A Ghost To Most" (Cooley)
4.	"The Righteous Path" (Hood)
5.	"I'm Sorry Huston" (Tucker)
6.	"3 Dimes Down" (Cooley)
7.	"Puttin' People On The Moon" (Hood)
8.	"Space City" (Cooley)
9.	"The Living Bubba" (Hood)
10.	"Zip City" (Cooley)
11.	"18 Wheels Of Love" (Hood)
12.	"Let There Be Rock" (Hood)
13.	"Marry Me" (Cooley)






The Big To-Do 2010


The Big To-Do is the eighth studio album (tenth total) by the alternative country band Drive-By Truckers, released on March 16, 2010. It is their first album released on ATO Records, which they signed to after completing their four album deal with New West Records. The Big To-Do marks the seventh Drive-By Truckers album produced by David Barbe. The addition of keyboardist Jay Gonzalez to the band's line-up (though he played on the band's second live album) further differentiates this album from its predecessors, and showcases the influence Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers (specifically Benmont Tench) have had on the band. The Big To-Do was recorded over three blocks of sessions in 2009 (ten days in January, five days in March, and ten days in May) resulting in 25 songs. The band decided to split these tracks between The Big To-Do and its follow up Go-Go Boots.[1] The album had been mixed, mastered, and completely done before Cooley wrote "Birthday Boy," which was quickly recorded, mixed, and inserted into The Big To-Do.

Bandmember Patterson Hood said that The Big To-Do is "very much a rock album. Very melodic and more rocking than anything since disc 2 of Southern Rock Opera."[2] Hood also states in the album's liner notes that The Big To-Do was not written or recorded with a specific concept in mind (unlike many of the band's earlier albums). The recurring images of the circus, Hood explains, are analogous to "rock shows." While most of the Drive-By Trucker's albums have chronicled the Southern past, The Big To-Do is written entirely about the present. Hood and Cooley's respective songs "This Fucking Job" and "Get Downtown," describe from different points of view the current floundering economy (and are argued by Grant Alden to be the bands most political songs since "The Living Bubba"). Guitarist Mike Cooley commented on the development of the album, explaining that because he didn't have many songs to contribute when the band started working on the album he decided to focus on "being a player on everybody else's songs while still trying to come up with my own thing." Cooley's hook of a riff in "That Wig He Made Her Wear," exemplifies this statement. He continued by saying that for him, the turning points in creating the album were working on the songs "You Got Another" and "The Flying Wallendas."


Tracks: 


1.	"Daddy Learned to Fly" - 4:44 (Hood)
2.	"The Fourth Night of My Drinking" - 4:45 (Hood)
3.	"Birthday Boy" - 3:36 (Cooley)
4.	"Drag the Lake Charlie" - 3:17 (Hood)
5.	"The Wig He Made Her Wear" - 5:47 (Hood)
6.	"You Got Another" - 5:18 (Tucker)
7.	"This Fucking Job" - 4:58 (Hood)
8.	"Get Downtown" - 3:13 (Cooley)
9.	"After the Scene Dies" - 4:07 (Hood)
10.	"(It's Gonna Be) I Told You So" - 2:03 (Tucker)
11.	"Santa Fe" - 3:26 (Hood)
12.	"The Flying Wallendas" - 5:16 (Hood)
13.	"Eyes Like Glue" - 3:16 (Cooley)






Go-Go Boots 2011


Go-Go Boots is the ninth studio album by American rock band Drive-By Truckers, first released February 14, 2011, on Play It Again Sam Records. It was produced by record producer David Barbe and recorded during 2009 to 2010, concurrently with sessions for the band's previous album The Big To-Do (2010). Upon its release, Go-Go Boots received positive reviews from most music critics. The majority of the album was recorded over three blocks of sessions during 2009.[1] The 25 songs resulting from these sessions were split these between The Big To-Do and its follow up Go-Go Boots.[2] After The Big To-Do's release, the band continued working on and tweaking the album throughout 2010, eventually recording 5 more songs for Go-Go Boots during this period.[3] Go-Go Boots marks the eighth Drive-By Truckers album produced by David Barbe, and is the eighth Drive-By Trucker LP with artwork designed by Wes Freed.

The album was released in the United States on February 15 by ATO Records and in Europe on February 14, 2011 by Play It Again Sam Records.[4] The album's first single, "The Thanksgiving Filter" (with "Used To Be A Cop" as the b-side) was released as a limited edition vinyl on November 26, 2010.


Tracks: 


1.	"I Do Believe" (Hood)
2.	"Go-Go Boots" (Hood)
3.	"Dancin’ Ricky" (Tucker)
4.	"Cartoon Gold" (Cooley)
5.	"Ray’s Automatic Weapon" (Hood)
6.	"Everybody Needs Love" (Hinton)
7.	"Assholes" (Hood)
8.	"The Weakest Man" (Cooley)
9.	"Used To Be A Cop" (Hood)
10.	"The Fireplace Poker" (Hood)
11.	"Where’s Eddie" (Hinton)
12.	"The Thanksgiving Filter" (Hood)
13.	"Pulaski" (Cooley)
14.	"Mercy Buckets" (Hood)





Live at Third Man 2011



Tracks: 


Used To Be A Cop
Get Downtown
Go-Go Boots
Dancing Ricky
Pulaski
Take Time To Know Her
Everybody Needs Love
Love Like This
Mercy Buckets





Patterson Hood - Killers & Stars 2004



Tracks:


Uncle Disney
Rising Son
The Assassin
Pay No Attention to Alice
Belinda Carlisle Die
Fire 
Hobo
Miss Me Gone
Phil's Transplant
Frances Farmer
Old Timers Disease
Cat Power




Patterson Hood - Murdering Oscar 2009



Tracks: 


Murdering Oscar
Pollyanna
Pride of the Yankees
I Understand Now
Screwtopia
Granddaddy
Belvedere
The Range War
She's a Little Randy
Foolish Young Bastard
Heavy and Hanging
Walking Around Sense
Back of a Bible





Jason Isbell - Sirens Of The Ditch 2007


Sirens of the Ditch was the first solo album released by singer-songwriter and former Drive-By Truckers lead guitarist, Jason Isbell. The album was released on July 10, 2007.

After leaving Drive-By Truckers amicably in 2007, Isbell released Sirens of the Ditch on New West Records. Sirens of the Ditch was recorded at FAME Studios, where among the musicians helping to record the album was Spooner Oldham, famous for his work with Aretha Franklin and Neil Young.[1] According to Washington Post writer Catherine Lewis, Sirens of the Ditch has "a more bluesy pop sound" than Isbell's work with Drive-By Truckers.[2] The first single from the album, "Brand New Kind of Actress," deals with the death of Lana Clarkson in Phil Spector's mansion.[3] Another single, "Dress Blues," concerns the death of Corporal Matthew Conley, a US Marine from Isbell's hometown who was killed in the Iraq War.[1] "Down in a Hole" tells a tale of an eccentric character from Jason's locale.


Tracks: 


1.	"Brand New Kind of Actress" – 5:35
2.	"Down in A Hole" – 4:22
3.	"Try" – 4:52
4.	"Chicago Promenade" – 3:23
5.	"Good News" – 3:13
6.	"Dress Blues" – 4:11
7.	"Grown" – 3:46
8.	"Hurricanes and Hand Grenades" – 5:11
9.	"In A Razor Town" – 3:19
10.	"Shotgun Wedding" – 3:49
11.	"The Magician" – 4:20
12.	"The Devil is My Running Mate" – 3:45




Jason Isbell - Live at Twist & Shout 11.16.07  2008


Tracks:


Grown
Goddamn Lonely Love
Hurricanes and Hand Grenades
Danko-Manuel
Outfit
Into The Mystic 





Jason Isbell & The 400 Unit 2009


Jason Isbell and The 400 Unit is Jason Isbell's second full length album, and first album released with The 400 Unit as accompanying band. The deluxe version of the album contains an additional four tracks.

Tracks: 


1.	"Seven-Mile Island" - 4:16
2.	"Sunstroke" - 5:15
3.	"Good" - 4:45
4.	"Cigarettes and Wine" - 6:45
5.	"However Long" - 4:17
6.	"Coda" - 2:05
7.	"The Blue" - 4:57
8.	"No Choice in the Matter" - 5:30
9.	"Soldiers Get Strange" - 4:07
10.	"Streetlights" - 4:10
11.	"The Last Song I Will Write" - 5:54



Jason Isbell - Here We Rest 2011



Alabama Pines
Go It Alone
We've Met
Codeine
Stopping By
Daisy Mae
The Ballad of Nobeard
Never Could Believe
Heart On A String
Save It For Sunday
Tour Of Duty





Includes a Bonus & Extra tracks folder . Enjoy DBT :)
