WavePad Audio Editor Master's Edition 4.59 Portable

This audio editing software is a full featured professional audio and music editor for Windows and Mac OS X. It lets you record and edit music, voice and other audio recordings. When editing audio files you can cut, copy and paste parts of recordings then add effects like echo, amplification and noise reduction. WavePad works as a wav or mp3 editor but it also supports a number of other file formats including vox, gsm, wma, real audio, au, aif, flac, ogg and more.

Audio Editor Features
Sound editing functions include cut, copy, paste, delete, insert, silence, autotrim and more
Audio effects include, amplify, normalize, equaliser, envelope, reverb, echo, reverse and many more
Integrated VST plugin support gives professionals access to thousands of additional tools and effects
Recommended Free VST Plugin Effects
Includes free sound effect and music library
Supports almost all audio and music file formats including mp3, wav, vox, gsm, wma, au, aif, flac, real audio, ogg, aac, m4a, mid, amr and many more
Batch processing allows you to apply effects and/or convert thousands of files as a single function
Tools include spectral analysis (FFT), speech synthesis (text-to-speech) and voice changer
Audio restoration features including noise reduction and click pop removal
Supports sample rates from 6 to 196kHz, stereo or mono, 8, 16, 24 or 32 bits
Includes its own CD ripper with 'ultrafast' rip mode and cddb music database lookup
Works directly with MixPad multi-track audio mixing, Zulu DJ software and Express Burn CD Recorder.
Easy to use interface will have you editing in minutes

Typical Audio Editing Applications
Software audio editing for studios and professional journalists.
Edit sound files to broadcast over the internet with the BroadWave Streaming Audio Server
Normalizing the level of audio files during mastering before burning to CD.
Editing mp3 files for your iPod, PSP or other portable device.
As a music editor (includes ringtones creator formats).
Music editing and recording to produce mp3 files.
Voice editing for multimedia productions (use with our Video Editor).
Restoration of audio files including removing excess noise such as hiss and hums.

Home Page - http://www.nch.com.au/

