
Excellent menus for cool video discs
 From now on there are no more excuses for boring or even no menus on your own video discs! 
Because with Ashampoo Movie Menu you don’t just burn your videos on a DVD or Blu-ray Disc™, but in no time you create a professional-looking menu which fits nicely to your video contents. Discover new fun when watching videos on TV with family and friends, or make a video disc with an individual menu into an extraordinary and absolutely unique gift.
 Ashampoo Movie Menu – the name says it all! Choose the best theme for your holiday, wedding or birthday videos from a variety of menu themes. Personalize your disc menu and give your DVDs or Blu-ray Discs™ the professional look they deserve.
 Highlights
 Many top-quality menu themes (HD optimized)
 Burn DVDs / Blu-ray Discs™ directly
 Add images, texts, videos, buttons, shapes etc.
 Add subpages to your disc menu
 Choose background music (individual tracks for different menu pages)
 Preview player
 Video files are resized qualitatively to fit on a disc
 HD and Full HD support

Details :


Create cool menus – fast and simple
 Impress your audience with appealing, creative menus for DVD or Blu-ray Disc, which you created in no time with Ashampoo Movie Menu. The easy to use program interface will guide you step by step through the process of creating your own personal disc menu.
 How to
 At first choose a suitable format and a menu theme for your personal video disc. Then use the editor to customize the disc menu to your needs. Select different menu themes, create subpages in your menu, choose background music and lots more. 
A great feature of the editor is that you can edit each menu page individually. Select a different music track or use a different menu theme for each page. Of course you could also use images or videos as background for a menu page. Make your disc menu even more personal by adding photos, texts, different shapes or buttons with different functions.
 When you’re happy with your result, burn a DVD or Blu-ray Disc with your videos and the disc menu. Afterwards play the disc on a computer or in a DVD or Blu-ray player and enjoy the perfect design and easy use of your menu.
 Wide range of formats
 Ashampoo Movie Menu offers different formats for creating a video disc. First of all you can choose between DVD and Blu-ray Disc (720p or 1080p). When creating a video DVD you can choose between two screen formats: widescreen (16:9) and normal screen (4:3). You should also pick a suitable TV system (PAL or NTSC). But don’t worry. If you’re not sure, just let Ashampoo Movie Menu make the right choice for you. There are several options to save your professional-looking disc menu. Burn your videos directly on a DVD or Blu-ray Disc or save it on your hard disk at a location of your choice. During the encoding or burning process of your video disc you can always watch the progress via a progress bar and an animation.
 Animated DVD- and Blu-ray Disc menus
 Ashampoo Movie Menu offers you professionally designed menu themes for your own disc menu. Select the suitable menu from a great variety of themes. These menu themes can be used for lots of different occasions and can also be further personalized with the editor. In a multipage menu you could use a different menu theme on every page.
 

Requirements :

Operating System:
 Windows® XP, Windows Vista® (32bit/64bit) and Windows® 7 (32bit/64bit)
 As a user of Windows® XP, Windows Vista® and Windows® 7 you have to be logged in with full administration rights.
 
Computer:
 Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed.
 DVD writer for DVD output.
 Blu-ray writer for Blu-ray output.
 DirectX 8.1 compatible sound card.
 
Graphics adapter:
 Min. resolution 1024x 768 and 16-bit High color. 
DirectX 9 capable GPU with hardware pixel shader v2.0.
 
CPU:
 1200 MHz (or higher) x86 or x64 CPU, 3000 MHz recommended. 

RAM and disk space:
 512 MB RAM, Hard Disk Space 205 MB (at least 1024 MB RAM for HD content).
 Recommended for best performance: 512 MB RAM or more (for HD content 1024 MB RAM or more).
 
Software:
 DirectX 9.0c required. 

full retail version :
trial version + keygen are included
keygen patch must be used offline to avoid to be blacklisted.
it's crucial !
ty for understanding
seed a bit with me to help the others peers,please.
dedicated to jujip... ;)
use fast up speed please to download this torrent
Enjoy and have fun
Note : tracker list is huge but regulary check them to see if all is ok
new multi-tpb trackers are included as well :)
regards