Fabulous Four, var en svensk popgrupp som bildades 1964 i Stockholm och upplöstes 1968, men har återuppstått i samband med enstaka spelningar, gruppen bestod av:

Lalla Hansson, född 10 juni 1944, sång och bas
Ulf Arvidsson, född 26 november 1946, sång och gitarr
Björn Magnusson, född 1946, sång och gitarr
Jan Sandelin, född 7 december 1945, trummor

Uttrycket Fabulous Four (De berömda fyra) torde ha inspirerats av att The Beatles ofta kallades så.
Hits med Fabulous Four var bl.a. Don't Go Out Into The Rain och Puff (The Magic Dragon). Lalla Hansson gjorde senare en karriär som soloartist och sjöng då bl.a. på svenska.
(wikipedia)

- - -

The members started dabbling in music already in the 50s as the skiffle craze was sweeping all over the country. In the early 60s they worked as an instrumental outfit using the name The Sharks. The guitarists were Uffe Arvidsson and Björn Magnusson, with Lalla Hansson on bassguitar and Jan Sandelin on drums. After a while they took the name The Beatmakers wich they soon sold to The Telstars for the princely sum of SEK 200. After that they adapted the name of The Fabulous Four.
In those days Fab was a very trendy word and it was now a question of jumping on the bandwagon.

Both Lalla, Uffe and Björn were decent singers and very soon the airy vocal harmonies became a trademark of the group, as were their smart stage suits where Uffes sew-abled sister Birgitta played a vital role. The many youth centres of Stockholm concentrated heavily on beat music and the band found lots of engagements. Other venues were the cellar clubs of Gamla Stan (The Old Town) or the legendary Nalen plus The Kingside in the Kungsholmen district. In order to attract attention it was also a question of finding new gimmicks and doing all night shows. Production companies providing a ready-made image and tour plans were a totally unknown phenomenon at the time.

In 1965 Lalla Hansson had a summerjob at the public bath Valhallabadet and it was here that he got to know a guy named Stefan Schröder. He enjoyed pop music very much and volunteered to became the bands manager. He didnt know anything about a managers responibilites but by plowing through a pile of Bild-Journalen and Idol-Nytt (the most important pop-magazines at that time) he learned so much about the business that within a few months he had landed the band a record deal with the Fontana label.

In 1965 the singles releases of I still love you and Sheila was put on the market. The first titel being self-composed and the second a cover of Tommy Roes big hit. None of them made much impact chart-wise but extraordinairly enough the B-side of  Sheila was going to provide the group a ticket for the big time. The song was a self-penned ballad with an ingeneously placed flute passage in the middle. It was entitled After all.
At this time the youth film Livet är stenkul (Life is fab) was being completed and the filmproducers happened to hear the song. They liked it so much that they offered The Fabulous Four to provide music for the entire film. That resulted in the album After all wich gives a very good image of the bands stageshow at the time. There are good cover versions of Crispian St Peters You were on my min" plus Bob Dylans Love minus zero. Among the self-penned songs the fuzz orgy Rotten rats certainly stands out.

The same year the band did a gig at the PUB department store in central Stockholm. In the audience was an Italian hotel manager and his teenage daughter. She was very delighted with what she saw (and heard). She managed to convince her father to book the band as main attraction at his hotel back home in Riccione. Stefan Schröder managed to put a deal together and the band loaded their Chevrolet Apache and headed south.

In Riccione the band was supposed to play each evening in the hotel garden. The first evening the audience was quite few in number, the second evening a few more and on the third evening the place was packed! The word spread about the swedish pop group and very soon the queues were winding around the block.

An Italian record company caught on wich resulted in the single release Quella occhaili with After all as B-side. The A-side was a translation of the classic Get out off my life woman and Lalla Hansson recalls how the songs were translated by a homosexual Italian songwriter whose main interest was making passages to the group members who was not in the least interested.

The single eventually reached a no 5 spot in the Italian charts but by then the boys have had enough of Italy and steered their course back to Stockholm.
Back in Sweden The Hep Stars were now the big stars in pop music and in order to invest their profits they had started the production and record company Hep House.
Here The Fabulous Four got a new record deal and the intention was now to go in for it on a large scale. At a nightly party on the Swedish west coast the boys have partyied together with the English beat group The Iveys. (Later on wellknown as Badfinger). One of their singsong favourites was Puff the magic dragon - originally recorded by Peter, Paul and Mary.

Shortly afterwards our hereoes were booked for a recording session at the Europafilm Studios. They were determined to perpetuate Puff on vinyl. The problem was, however, that they had not the lyrics to the song. Time was short and finally Lalla faked certain lines. Something that nobody in the Tio I Topp-jury (Chart program on the swedish radio) noticed as they voted the song for the no 1 slot. Sales-wise it charted at the no 3 position in the Kvällstoppen charts wich were based on actual record sales. The Fabulous Four now truly belonged to the cream of the Swedish pop.

At Hep House a certain Benny Andersson (later of Abba fame) became their producer and he sat in as engineer during the recording of Puff. If you find this song somewhat sugary I recommend that you turn the record over. Here you will find a rocking version of Woody Guthries This land is your land wich is really great. (Generally speaking, the records of The Fabulous Four are best being turned over. Its on their B-sides you will find the real classy pop material).

With the Tio I Topp-jury in mind the next single was recorded. It was a version of Harry Belafontes classic Island in the sun wich rendered the band a no 5 position in the Tio I Topp-chart plus a no 19 spot in the sales charts. None of the Fabs had Harry Belafontes version in their record collection. When they made their own recording they had the Righteous Brothers version in mind. Unfortunately the swedish sound technicians in those days didnt have quite the same feeling for The wall of sound as Phil Spector. It should also be noted that the B-side of Island in the sun was the self-penned For you and for me wich is one of the bands real aces.

At this time the bands old record label released the album track Rhythm of the rain as a singelrecord and it rocketed to no 7 in the chart.

The Fabulous Four now did almost 200 gigs in a year. When they were not touring they were preoccupied with recording for records, radio and TV. Unless you happened to bump into some girl working at Bild-Journalen. (THE Swedish 60s pop magazine) wich was also considered as a part of the job. Bild-Journalen was the magazine that counted and it was of vital importance to be seen in it. Evidently The Fabs got along quite well with the female reporters of the magazine as they were not only frequently appearing, both in lavishly illustrated articles and on posters sent out with the magazine, but also recivied the honour of contributing one of their songs for the magazines flexi discs. A nice pop pastiche entitled Life is fab.

1967 was the year when the band intended to profile themselves on the market through a selfcomposed single in wich they had big faith. Hansson and Arvidsson wrote a cool uptempo number entitled Anita (change your mind). A very strong number wich should have made a clean sweep up the charts but a brain-dead Tio I Topp-jury gave it thumbs-down and the record didnt even get in the charts. A harsh faith indeed, as the record showed the group at its best.

Chart entries were necessary, however, and in the studio another attempt was made with the ultracommercial Don´t go out into the rain wich both Hermans Hermits and Swinging Blue Jeans had recorded for the British market. In their home ground it was The Fabulous Four who won the game. Their version of the song stayed in the charts for six weeks with a no 4 position as its best.

By now the band had consolidated their position at the Swedish pop scene and naturally, this would have been the right time to release a new album. This would certainly also have happened if not the Hep House label had gone into bankruptcy. Theyve have had big earnings with hit records made by The Fabulous Four as well as The Deejays but as they housed a supreme contempt for paying taxes and other charges they now decided to put the shutters up. The bands final release on the Hep House label was a cover of Van Morrisons Brown-eyed girl where once again Life is fab was re-cycled as a B-side. No chart position were noted for this 45.

The Fabulous Four was now facing a crossroad in their career and decided to start their own record label, Mystery Records. The first singelrelease was a new cover attempt with West Indian signatures, A place in the sun. A competent A-side but if you should find a copy of the record - turn it over! Here is yet another fantastic own composition, Mr Music Man, wich clearly shows that they were still unbeatable in the pop genre. In the lyrics of this song they also ironised heavily over the directors in the music business.

The band had now developed very well musically. They had also auditioned for American record producers with good results but in the nick of time they jumped out of an international launching. They were probably discouraged by the way the international launchings of both Hep Stars and Tages had ended up.

The Tio I Topp-jury had no warmer feelings for a new calypso-influenced street ballad from The Fabulous Four however and the band chose for the second release on their own label to do a cover version of Jagger/Richards Sitting on a fence. On the B-side another song from the Stones-repertoire ended up. 438 South Michigan Avenue. This record was plugged by a promotional film showed on Swedish TV. The recording was also high class and it was a great song. Nevertheless it was thumbs down from the Tio I Topp-jury. In 1968 Swedish TV also made a documentary of the group wich was shown on high-peak time. It has never been rerun and I can only recall certain scenes from the film, for instance shots from the tour bus and views from Lalla Hanssons summer cottage in the archipelago outside Stockholm. There were also shots from the club scene in Stockholm at the time and the band members posed in cool stage outfits. One of the songs performed in the film was Mr Music Man. Hopefully, this is one of the films from the era wich have not been erased by the Swedish television.

In the autumn of 1968 the boys thought that the Swedish pop scene was turning dull. Military service also awaited some of them. Their economy was also quite satisfactory as this side of the business been run deservingly by Lallas mother. They decided to take a one year break. In 1969 the band got together and did a few odd gigs but realized that the spark was no longer there. Then they shelved their instruments for good.

That means that The Fabulous Four had morale stature enough not to became a part of the Swedish progg movement wich plagued the country for several years to come. Neither did they turn into a dance band singing in Swedish. Two decisions for wich they should be honoureed. During their existence The Fabulous Four went from an able cover band to a piece of musical dynamite. It is true that most of their single releases were ingratiating endeavours of trying to please the Tio I Topp-jury but what choice did they have? This was the way the musical climate were in those days. On stage the band was really rocking and when their own compositions lacked, they made own arrangements of songs like Walking the dog, The last time or Memphis. No dead parts and a heavy beat strait through. The fact that they posessed a very good tast in clothes and really know how a pop group should look is another plus.

This is something that Lalla Hansson surely hasnt forgotten during his solo career. Lalla was the only Fab who decided to carry on in music. In 1971 he went straight to the no 1 spot in the Swedish charts with his translation of Kris Kristofferson´s Me and Bobby McGee wich in Swedish was called Anna och mej. During the 70s he had a whole bunch of hits and he has also made several albums. He is also one of this countrys foremost text writers when it comes to translating foreign originals to Swedish and altough he may be singing about himself being an old hippie you very soon realize, as you see his well-fitting suit and wellpolished boots that its rather an old Mod you have encounted.  (Lennart Wrigholm)


- - -


Fabulous Four - The Fabulous Four 1965-1967
(Stockholm Universal 2003)

 1. Puff the magic dragon
 2. Rhythm of the rain
 3. Island in the sun
 4. Don't go out into the rain
 5. After all
 6. Sheila
 7. You were on my mind
 8. Love minus zero
 9. I still love you
10. Rotten rats
11. Boom boom
12. This land is your land
13. Anita, change your mind
14. Extacy
15. Ginny come lately
16. Beer party
17. Uffes drimm
18. Ain't that just like me/Rockin' Robin'
