Eahoosoft HD Video Converter 2.1.2

Eahoosoft HD Video Converter enriches your life to enjoy HD videos anywhere. It is a high definition video converter (HD converter) designed to convert HD video to many popular formats, like AVI to HD, MP4 to HD, FLV to HD, etc. Advanced in supporting HD video with 720p, 1080p resolution and above, this powerful HD video converter can ensure a smooth HD video conversion with excellent synchronization of audio and video, no image distortion or grains upon output.

For professionals and HD video fanatics, the program also facilitates diverse needs to trim HD video length, crop HD video to fit for 4:3 or 16:9 aspect ratio display, adjust video effects in a very handy way. You can also change conversion settings like video bit rate, frame rate, audio channel, etc. to get better outputs.

Key Features

Convert HD video of all types
This high definition video converter (HD converter) flawlessly supports all kinds of HD video, including MOD/TOD and AVCHD videos from camcorder devices, MTS/M2TS videos.

Make HD video available in various formats
Eahoosoft HD Video Converter can convert HD video to almost all available formats, e.g. AVI, MP4, WMV, MKV, RMVB, FLV, MPG, MOV, VOB, 3GP.

Stable and high speed HD video conversion
You can convert batch of HD videos at a time and run the program on multicore CPU system for a fast HD video conversion.

Put HD video to enjoy on personal devices
This HD tool provides abundant output profiles to convert HD video for playback on iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune, Apple TV, Xbox, mobile phones and more without hassles.

Professional conversion settings for flexible output
There are advanced settings for conversion like video bit rate, frame rate, audio bit rate, channel, etc. to broaden output of the HD video conversion.

Built-in HD video player with screenshot output
The program comes with an embedded video player for you to preview the HD videos and capture the video frames and then save them to JPG, BMP or PNG files.

Adjust video effect to your satisfaction
You can tweak the brightness, contrast and saturation of the image so as to get the video to project better on your device screen.

Cut your favorite part out of the entire video
This HD video converter lets you pick a precise length of the HD video for conversion to get rid of unwanted parts easily.

Crop the video image for better display
To make the HD video display better on different screens, e.g. TV screen, projector canvas, mobile phone screen, Eahoosoft HD Video Converter offers 4:3, 16:9, pan scan crop presets as well as the opportunity to customize.


Home Page - http://www.eahoosoft.com/

