Roll up! Roll up! The Circus is in town. Come see the greatest show around! Gasp and gape at the flying trapeze and the acrobats. Laugh at the clowns and marvel at the brave lion tamer? 

Circus Empire is the first 3D circus simulation game ever!
Design your very own circus shows in full 3D, with like life animation and great visuals. Never before could you design and watch amazing circus performances this realistically on your computer.
Hire performers, train them and watch as they perform to the delight of the crowd. The performers have their own personalities and specialties. Take good care of them, treat them well and fill them with inspiration to perform the greatest shows for you.
Travel from the US to Europe, and on to Asia. Follow the campaign story and meet with interesting characters. There are loads of pleasant surprises awaiting you. This is a truly unique gaming experience that you wont find anywhere else! Start the journey today and enjoy the ride of a lifetime running the greatest circus in the world! 

Features
Customize Your Own Circus Show
Circus Empire is the first game ever that lets you customize your very own circus show in larger than life 3D graphics.

Lots of Talented Performers
More than 70 different performers: f rom trapeze artists, clowns, and tightrope walkers to bears, lions and dolphins. You name it, Circus Empire has it!

Exciting Performances in Action
See all the popular stars of the greatest show around in realistic 3D action! You will be amazed by how much fun and satisfaction there is in running a circus.

A Great Variety of Performances
From hand balancing acts to motorcycling inside the globe of death, there are h undreds of performance moves which allow your circus shows to be customized in a virtually unlimited number of ways.

A Story driven Campaign 
Travel around the world, from the US to Europe and Asia . The story driven campaign unfolds as you start your journey to bring joy and excitement to tens of thousands of people on different continents.

In depth Management Simulation
Underneath the great visuals, there is a deep simulation. The various aspects of running a circus, like hiring, training, scheduling, personnel and financial management, are all simulated in great detail. 

System Requirements:
OS: Windows 2000/XP/VISTA/7
CPU: 600MHz or faster Processor
RAM: 128 MB

: Burn to CD or mount image
: Install
: Play 
: Buy it if you like it. 