Planet X, Solar Flares, & Energy
 
Date: 	02-16-11
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: James McCanney, Stan Deyo

In the first half of the show, physicist and author Stan Deyo shared updates on Planet X, the current pole shift, and extreme weather, as well as discussed 'End Times' and the Antichrist. The jet and gulf streams are broken and we're looking at a mini-Ice Age, such as what happened in the 1600s, he said. During the solar cycles of 2012-13, we could see some intense activity, possibly tying in with End Times prophecy, he noted, citing how Hopi prophecy talks about a time that the sun is so hot that trees and grass will catch fire.

Based on his studies, Deyo has predicted a 'Planet X' type body that is some 250 times further from the sun than the Earth. This body has an orbital path of 3,600 years (as Sitchin said of Nibiru) and may be heated by its own internal source, allowing for people to live inside the planet, he suggested. For more, see this page of images related to his presentation.

------------------------

In the latter of the program, Prof. James McCanney continued the discussion about such topics as solar flares, Planet X and comets. Articles about 'Tyche,' a hypothetical Planet X in the Oort Cloud, have suggested it could affect the path of incoming comets. But he believes this may be a cover story put out by NASA to hide that fact that a Planet X is coming into the solar system (and will appear like a comet initially).

McCanney also shared his perspective on what he calls "the myth of alternative energy." Green energy efforts such as wind turbines require a lot of infrastructure and are extremely inefficient-- they use more total energy than their gasoline burning counterparts, he commented. McCanney did praise wind power as being one of the cleanest and safest forms of energy, and announced that he's designed a more efficient low wind system.

News segment guests: Richard C. Hoagland, Mike Greene
Website(s):
jmccanneyscience.com
standeyo.com
haloorbital.com

Book(s):
The Diamond Principle
Dare to Prepare
The Cosmic Conspiracy - Final Edition 2010