E X T R A O R D i N A R Y  r E V E R S E  E N G i N E E R i N G  S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0SiLK

Reaching for
perfection...

Release Information

-Release Name    : WinUtilities Professional
-Release Version : v10.21
-Release Group  : ErES
-Release Type    : Incl.Keygen
-Operating System: Windows
-Release Date    : 11/06/11
-Filename        : w1021
-Disk(s)        : 02 disk(s)

Release Description

WinUtilities is an award winning collection of tools to
optimize and speedup your system performance. this suite
contains utilities to clean registry, temporary files on your
disks, erase your application and internet browser history,
cache and cookies. it also supports to defragment your disk
drives and improve computer performance and stability.
built-in StartUp Cleaner allows you to control startup
programs that load automatically with windows, find duplicate
files, fix broken shortcuts and uninstall unneeded software.
other features include secure file deletion, recycle bin
shredding, system maintenance tasks scheduling and undelete
deleted files.

Installation Instructions

Install
Use keygen
Enjoy

If you like this software, buy it

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over two and a half
years since ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've
produced many quality releases because of our attitude not only as a
group -- but as individuals each member of the group has shown
respect and friendship and in return offers loyalty that could only be
found when part of a tight-knit family. We are not a release
machine and never intend to be. We have a relaxed, yet hard-working
attitude towards producing releases and you can see this through all
of our current (and future) releases.

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems
Skilled coders
Quality suppliers
Good 100Mbit EU & Asia Sites to affil with
Anything else you think we might like

e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0SiLK    updated:............16.04.2010