Vyacheslav Kogan aka \\\"BreakZHead\\\" – producer, musician, designer, DJ. 
Vyacheslav was born 9 January 1988 in Fokino, Primorsky Region, Russia. Lives in seaport Vladivostok, Russia since being three years old. The boy fell in love with music in early childhood, distinguished Elvis Presley and The Beatles from other popular performers. 
Since 2001, being a teenager, Vyacheslav became interested in hip-hop culture, started mastering breakdance technics, getting first impressions about Breakbeat music. His favorite producers for that period were Music Instructor, Flying Steps, Def Cut. 
Soon Vyacheslav got aspiration to make music himself. 
His first tracks were written in the old school Electro style. By that time Vyacheslav worked by the name Street Project. 
Surrounding music influenced Vyacheslav’s creative work and directed him to the world of broken beats. In the end of 2005 he changed nickname to BreakZhead. His first tracks “Limit” and “In Line”, presenting atmospheric breakbeat, saw the light in the beginning of 2006. Vyacheslav’s first official release called \\\"Introducing...BreakZhead!\\\" took place on Nulogic label in autumn of 2006. Release included BreakZhead’s most impressive works. 
Every new composition enhanced and modified BreakZhead’s style: beats became more powerful, sound became tougher and stronger. In 2007 BreakZhead summed up all the done work and released “The World of BreakZhead” album, including 12 tracks, which reflected his inner world. Album was available on Vyacheslav’s own label Street Project Productions. 
BreakZhead powerful, sound became tougher and is first tracks.  
Vyacheslav continued experimenting with tougher sound after “The World of BreakZhead” release. Basslines became “evil”, beats became heavier. In this period public really noticed the artist by the name of BreakZhead. His release “First Flight In Cosmic Space” hit Beatport’s (most prestigious digital music retailer) TOP100 Breaks Chart. 
In the august of 2008 Vyacheslav started working on the new label Subtribe Records, devoted to releasing multi-format music from producers from all over the world. Thanks to painstaking work with Detach (Dmitry Ivaniv), label became truly successful. For now on, Subtribe Records is considered to be one of the most known breaks labels. Released tracks frequently hit Beatport Breaks TOP50. Covers made by Vyacheslav also strengthen new brand. 
In the end, BreakZhead’s sound became more aggressive, but without losing of melody. Artist is well-known throughout the world, famous labels, radio stations (KISS FM, RADIO1, iBREAKS, BREAKSFM, NSB RADIO, DI-FM, Megapolis, RECORD), magazines (MIXMAG, DJMAG) are largely interested in his music. World-known artists, DJs of Breakbeat scene, including Far Too Loud, Lady Waks, General Midi, Magnet Men, DJ Cosmonaut, Jay Cunning and many others are willing to support BreakZhead’s creation, playing his stuff on big arenas, in the mixes and podcasts. 
Vyacheslav also had time to work with labels BadBwoy Bass (USA), Dusted Breaks (UK)- Breakspoll 2010 Best New Label, Standard Audio (UK), which is headed by Afghan Headspin and In Beat We Trust Music (RU), which is headed by Lady Waks. Thorough and painstaking work on music and label strengthens Subtribe Records’ positions in the industry. BreakZhead moves along without fear to experiment and conquer new heights.


Tracklist:

101
101 (Arabica Remix)
Badman (Original Mix)
Bootylion (Original Mix)
Broken Idol (Original Mix)
Control Cycle
Disposis (Aggresivnes & FactorFunk Remix)
Disposis (Original Mix)
First Flight In Cosmic Space
Forever (Original Mix)
Game We Live (Original Mix)
In The Motion (Original Mix)
Insomnia
It\\\'s A Dream
It\\\'s Cold
No Pain No Gain
Overload
Paranoid Vibe (Original Mix)
Progressymphonic (Original Mix)
Soul Recharge
The Lost (Original Mix)
The Revolt (Original Mix)
To The Earth
Turn Limiter Off! (Original Mix)
Wired Wasted Wanted

P.S. covers included =)