It Still Moves is the third album rock band My Morning Jacket. The album garnered positive reviews and often acclaimed as the bands best work along side with At Dawn. The song "Run Thru" is included in Rolling Stone's "100 Greatest Guitar Songs". The album also marks the first album where drummer Patrick Hallahan appears.

Track Listing:
(All songs written by Jim James)

"Mahgeetah" – 5:56
"Dancefloors" – 5:38
"Golden" – 4:39
"Master Plan" – 5:05
"One Big Holiday" – 5:21
"I Will Sing You Songs" – 9:18
"Easy Morning Rebel" – 5:09
"Run Thru" – 5:45
"Rollin' Back" – 7:50
"Just One Thing" – 3:13
"Steam Engine" – 7:26
"One in the Same" – 6:23

Allmusic: "My Morning Jacket may be a journey through the past, but it's also a solid step into something rock & roll has been missing...melody, extremely catchy and well-written songs... and a love of the great pop continuum that translates into something new." Grade: 4/5
Pitchfork Media:"It Still Moves...[is] an album by turns beautiful and possessed, by others raucous and fiery. My Morning Jacket have made the move to the bigs in tremendous style...[the album's length, its one major flaw] is a small concern considering the riches that await inside." Grade: 8.3/10
Spin Magazine: "This time, the band lug the still-smoking amps from their lightning-strike live show into the studio and let the noise chase the midnite vultures away." Grade: 9.1/10
Robert Christgau: "...and I guess his (Jim James's) boys are trickier than Crazy Horse, just not in any way you haven't heard before. Then there's his filtered drawl, his straitened tune sense, his lyrics you feel cheated straining for, his 12 songs in 72 minutes." Grade: C

Review:
I had never heard of this band, and when a friend of mine suggested I buy "It Still Moves". I did, and I was initially unimpressed. I didn't think the musicians were particularly talented,I wasn't sure about the reverb-drenched vocals, and it sounded like more Alt-Country stuff.
However, facing a long road trip, I thought it would give me another chance for a listen. It turns out this was a good decision on my part. When I concentrated on what the band was doing in regard to composition and arranging, I realized there were many subtle things happening. It was if every note and every beat served a specific purpose, yet it had a loose, relaxed, rather melancholy feel... The musicians have carefully crafted textures of sound which for me recall summer evenings spent fishing along a shady river, or time spent hiking in the mountains near where I grew up. The music is simultaneously simple and grandiose. The vocal reverb creates a big, full space within the music, and it doesn't bother me that I don't understand the words without a lyric sheet... the entire sound is evocative to me, much like early R.E.M. in the sense that the atmosphere being created might be the greater part of things. (I think MMJ's lyrics are pretty good, by the way.)

I couldn't get the CD out of my car stereo, and I listened to it three times in a row. I haven't had a CD I have wanted to listen to continually... for years.

In my opinion, the CD has a perfect title. The music tends to give me a sense of inner stillness... but it moves me as well!

Time to dash out and buy their other CDs!