 http://www.btarena.org/games/patrician-iv-rise-of-a-dynasty-skidrow


Patrician IV: Rise of a Dynasty (c) Kalypso

11-03-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Serial+Auth
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD


The best trading simulation 2010 just got better! Patrician 4: Rise of
a Dynasty brings a bulging package of improvements and new features,
most prominently the new coop-mode for up to four players. Finally, you
are able to operate your business with your friends helping out. And if
you are already master of the seas, why not try and conquer the
continent as well. In Rise of a Dynasty, you will find new routes into
the heartland and trade with cities like Berlin, Warschau and Nimwegen.
But of course you have grapple with the territorial rulers first.
Really wealthy patricians buy parts of the local regions and - by doing
so - disempower the snotty noblemen bit by bit. You are still searching
for a challenge? Then you should test your skill with the six new
scenarios of Patrician 4: Rise of a Dynasty.


Features

New land trade feature: Merchandise in heartland cities like Berlin,
Nimwegen, Warschau and Kaunas and discover an extensive road network

Coop-mode for up to four players: Manage your company alongside three
of your friends

New treasure hunt feature: Collect parts of a treasure map in the whole
Hanse territory to find the ultimate pirate treasure

Rise to the challenge: Six new scenarios, demanding even for
experienced players

Become a big landowner: Buy parts of the regional territories and claim
the power

Visual improvements: Revised seemap and city views, portraits for
players and questgivers, new animations for citizens and businesses

Loads of AI and gameplay improvements


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install (read additional notes)
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


ADDITIONAL NOTES

You will need Patrician IV Conquest by Trade to install this expansion.


Screens:


 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-FC51_4D7AD064.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-F0EE_4D7AD064.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-C13B_4D7AD064.html
