presenting s n e a k _ s h o t



release date:25-06-2011



description:

Transformers: Dark of the MoonStealth Force Edition thrusts players directly into an original prologue storyline to experience the epic battles on Earth that shape the impending events of the blockbuster film. Set in unique environments around the world such as the deserts of North America and Siberian military facilities, the game allows players to harness the power of Stealth Force and control iconic Transformers characters in highly advanced vehicular combat, armed with explosive weapons and agile maneuverability. Fans will be able to assume the roles of a variety of characters among a diverse roster list as they engage in a heartpounding campaign to save mankind. Additionally, fans can play the game with or against their friends through intense multiplayer game modes specifically designed for the Nintendo Wii.



Engage in High Octane Combat– Focusing on intense vehicular combat, players will obliterate their opponents at blazing speeds with advanced weapons, defense systems, and targeting capabilities, while they slalom between cars and dodge enemy fire in a highly maneuverable vehicle form that maintains strafing abilities.



Delve Deep into the Prologue Storyline – Set during the colossal events that occur right before the upcoming film directed by Michael Bay, the game allows fans to fight against and interact with the biggest characters and villains debuting in the movie. Most of all, players will learn the origins of Shockwave, Megatrons newest Decepticon assassin and face of evil.



Jump in and Play as Iconic Movie Characters – Utilizing the simple, intuitive Wii controller, players of all skill levels can jump right in and play through an epic campaign with 18 distinct levels set around the world, featuring iconic movie characters such as Optimus Prime, Bumblebee, Ironhide, Megatron, Soundwave and many more, including a Nintendo exclusive character, Lockdown.



Challenge Your Friends – Friends can compete with or against one another in intense multiplayer game modes as their favorite Transformers characters through local splitscreen action.



seed comment n enjoy!!!...