Samson Dangerfield Christopher, aged ten, will never forgive me for two things: a) his birth certificate, and b) the sheer disappointment he felt after watching the first leg of Chris Weitz’s cinematic adaptation of Philip Pullman’s trilogy, \"His Dark Materials\". I can understand his grievance concerning a). But I’m not sure why I should take the blame for Weitz’s spectacular shambles. The books weave a magic that the film simply cannot match. 

It’s not for want of trying. New Line Cinema has poured a fortune into the dazzling animations and wintery landscapes. The special effects are marvellous, but the magic is missing. The power of Pullman’s novels is that he invents an imaginary world just an inch out of kilter with our own. People catch zeppelins instead of aeroplanes; the young heroes speak an improbable brand of cockney; the story unfolds like a mad Dickensian fantasy. 

Still, Dakota Blue Richards is terrific casting as Lyra, the 12-year-old star of The Golden Compass. A waif who has gifts beyond her ken, she was brought up, half-wild, by stuffy academics in a stodgy Oxford college. Her dashing and dangerous uncle, Lord Asriel (played by Daniel Craig), is too busy tramping around the Arctic to give her the time of day. But their lives are forever in danger. Both heroes are stalked by sinister members of the Magisterium – an outfit that wants to rule the world. Derek Jacobi calls the creepy shots while Nicole Kidman is his fabulously glamorous sidekick, a Cruella de Vil role that Kidman plays to icy perfection. 

The problem with the film, which has its world premiere in Leicester Square tonight, is the haystack of derivative film twists and the fatal lack of genuine drama. The magic compass, secretly entrusted to Lyra, is not much help. This oversized pocketwatch works like an Ouija board. It can reveal all sorts of hidden truths, but it \'s hopeless when it comes to directions. You need proper charts, a year’s supply of baked beans, and Sir Ernest Shackleton if you’ve got any hope of finding the plot. Unless you have read the books, you will have little idea of what’s going on. Unfortunately, the most disappointed viewers will be impressionable youngsters such as Sam who cherish the books. 

The most crucial feature of the story is woefully served in the film. Every human character is blessed with a daemon: a talking animal that serves as a voice of reason, a guardian angel, and arguably a soul. When they are parted from each other, they die. The fear is never explained, the film simply grinds through the chapters. 

Kidman tries to charm and wheedle the compass from Lyra. Her army of childcatchers – the Gobblers – steal children and ship them to the Arctic for no sensible reason. Lyra is befriended by a motley collection of well-known hams, including Sam Elliot as a Texas cowboy and Eva Green as a friendly witch. The show is stolen by Ian McKellen’s ferocious and preposterously camp polar bear who roars to Lyra\'s defence at every conceivable opportunity. (One feels there are too many.) 

An enormous scrap at the end, involving witches and warlocks, does little to illuminate, or leaven, this pudding. Sam has wisely chosen to be elsewhere for parts two and three. 


