 http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=e8u75_glory_hole_1.jpg 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=9dolo_glory_hole_2.jpg


Gloryhole - Katie Kox 

If you can stop staring at the sweater puppies on Katie Kox then you'd notice the smile going across her face. The reason she has a grin visible from the suburbs is because she's about to end her chastity as far as interracial sex is concerned. The girls at her local salon couldn't stop talking about this secluded gloryhole where white vagina's get a major stretching. Curiosity is about to kill the pussy that's only had a history of tiny white cocks that deflate upon initial entry. Despite the anonymity Katie Kox got her wardrobe from a whore's closet and made her way to the inner city for a hopeful meeting with a slab of black meat. Normally, most girls would get turned off to the sights and smells in this restroom but the need for a big black dick between her thighs is too important to pass up. The gloryhole's graffiti-riffled walls were all the incentive Katie needed to ditch the designer clothing and reveal the fat jugs that have been a burden on her back. Katie's finger fucking session results in orgasms that nearly draw the attention of the foreign gas station attendant, but it's when a big black cock shows up that things really get interesting. The pulsating piece of stiff flesh before Katie finds a temporary home in her mouth while her fingers manipulate the soaking wet pussy that's drenching the floor. The enormous mammaries on Katie Kox play host to a black cock that slides between them as her pearly whites tell the story of a happy white girl. The tip of the anonymous black cock made it's way from the other side of the wall and through her vaginal walls. If only the lucky black stud could see Katie's jugs shaking violently as he took his cock then he might have shot his goo prematurely. However, the stacked white girl slid down that black pole as her ass cheeks left permanent impressions on the wall. Katie's afternoon tryst concluded when the black cock behind the wall couldn't contain himself and destroyed the makeup on her face. Needless to say her tits took a splashing as well but that was inevitable.

