  POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spirit



POtHS - Earth Report - Secret teachings Of the Bohemian Grove - Is He Fallen Angel Or Alien ???




I really Hesitate to put this out there but this is some of that "HIDDEN KNOWLEDGE" that the Illuminati are Proud to hide from YOU. I have had these documents for years without knowing where they came from and what kind of Religion Al Frye is trying to sell you with all his "COURSES" of Enlightenment. Then I found the Bohemian Grove Logo in the Mix and everything made sense. They teach 10 good things and then 1 bad or evil thing that CHANGES ALL THE GOOD to bad.

This is PURE SATANIC WORSHIP. When you read Earth Report you will basically agree with Most of what the are trying to teach you is enlightened truth.(or so it seems) Until you come to one Sentence that will make your toe nails curl right before your eyes. If you can not find those enlighten passages you have no worries. You won't understand the "teachings anyway" and no harm to you.

If you do find the "Red Flags" everywhere you have a free choice here!!! Acknowledge them as evil and leave them alone.  It is bad JuJu to willfully follow blasphemous doctrine. I do think that the information here can be a little enlightening if you understand the reasons to stay away from it. If you have questions??? pray In the name of Jesus, He will let you know the truth.

Evil is always in a Hurry. If somethings is urging you to immediately act on something you feel might be wrong, AVOID IT. Satan is always in Hurry to take you down so he can hurry on to the next FOOL. Good is never in a hurry. It must be written somewhere!!!

Oh yeah, ONE MORE THING....these files are from the sixties through date. Most of them are 60's and 70's stuff. Some of the documents were type on different IBM Selectrics from 1970. Video's are conversions from the the original vhs formatting. There might even be so 8mm in there. Enjoy some truths and some fiction. I do NOT recommend following these teachings.


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.

RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




           thankyou            thankyou            thankyou 