Description
Download • Identify • Tag • Organize • Watch • Rotate • Crop • Trim • Edit • Merge • Resize • Convert • Integrate • Expand

Usher is your personal movie assistant, making the once-complicated task of managing your movie collection easy and enjoyable. So much so that you'll actually have time to watch your movies, instead of spending all your time organzing them.

Usher's interface allows you to easily group your movies, add informative data tags, find movies in your collection, and, of course, watch any movie you'd like to see.



Usher integrates all your movies under one roof, as it can see and work with videso saved in Aperture, iPhoto, and iTunes. (DRM-protected videos from iTunes must be played back directly in iTunes, of course.)

Usher supports any format that QuickTime™ can play back, including those supported by QuickTime™ extenders such as Perian and Flip4Mac WMV Components. You can watch movies in full screen mode, of course, or in a windowed viewer. In the windowed viewer, you can choose between a floating-then-vanishes overlay controller, or an always-there controller bar positioned outside the movie area.



Usher's tags and properties allow you to add tons of useful metdata (data about data) to your collection. A tag is a simple yes/no value, much like keywords in other programs. Properties are fields that can store more than one value, such as Cast or Producer. You can create as many tags and properties as you like, and use them to allow very fine-grained control over sorting and searching your collection.



Usher's Folders, Playlists, and Smart Playlists can be used to further organize your movies. Folders work as they do in the Mac OS X Finder, while Playlists and Smart Playlists will be familiar to anyone who has spent some time in iTunes.



Usher's Smart Playlists are actually incredibly smart; you can, for instance, create a Smart Playlist to group all movies based on year recorded, and Usher can automatically create sub-folders within that Smart Playlist, one for each recorded year in your collection.

With a built-in search tool for both YouTube and Vimeo, watching some of the web's best videos is never more than a few keystrokes away.

Usher also allows your collection to easily grow across volumes, and yet be seen as one large library within Usher. This means no more worries about running out of drive space for your movie collection...just add more storage, tell Usher about it, and you're good to go.

Instructions

1. Unzip
2. Move .app to the Applications Folder
3. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks

A Team ReApp Release