Description:
A collection of stories by Sheldon J. Pacotti, the co-writer of Deus Ex. 
If you enjoyed reading every single datacube, newspaper, email and bulletin in Deus Ex, you should enjoy reading these short stories. 

Contents:
Can(n)on - In which the narrator struggles with being a terrorist, a rapist, and a postmodernist. Sorry to write such a sick story.

Evil Spirits Travel in Straight Lines - Two French scientists go to Senegal to fight a resistant strain of malaria. (The Bridge, Winter 2000)

Match Heads - My first published story! A largely true account of how I learned to make bombs with the heads of matches when I was in fifth grade. (Foxtail, 1991)

End of a Long Winter - A weary old man becomes immortal.

Incantation - In a world where intelligence can be enhanced with expensive pharmaceuticals, a boy from a poor family needs an alternative medicine to keep up with his classmates. (quarter-finalist in the Writers of the Future Contest, summer 1997)

Signs - A rave-head gets mixed up in a revolution in 21st-century Hong Kong.

Azadi - A woman in Tehran intervenes when her husband becomes a smuggler of alcohol.

Royal Colors - In the crazy nanotech future, a teenager tries to debug his body the night of Homecoming. (quarter-finalist in the Writers of the Future Contest, spring 1997).

Vanishing Point - Worried parents cure their lesbian daughter with a drug that alters ones sexual preference. (semi-finalist in the Writers of the Future Contest, winter 1997).

No Secrets - Black Muslim gang members score the ultimate drug: genetic "homologues" for inserting traits into ones offspring. But are they a trick by the CIA?

Khodoki - Down and out in Leninsk, Kazakhstan: the life of an old technician at Russia's largest spaceport. (Bellowing Ark, July/August 1998)

A Great Burning - A descendant of the Cherokees attends his first Pow Wow.

Conversations with the Noosphere - A retiree grieving for a deceased wife seeks comfort in a world dominated by knowlege machines. 

Source:
Converted from HTML source at 
http://www.sheldonpacotti.com/