 Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                 POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 40 - UFO Whistle Blowers In Military - Above Top Secret

So here is what the Military Whistle blowers have to say about Aliens. I can personally confirm the Sargent\'s Story about 10 of \"his Minuteman Missles\" suddenly becoming disabled when a large glowing orange ball appeared at The Missile Silo where he was stationed out of Malstrom Air Force Base in Northern Montana. Another guy will tell you about the Heinz 57 Variety pack of different Kinds of Aliens or different Satanic creations the Military have cataloged. Enjoy and remember all those Aliens are Satan\'s Creations or I should say MUTATIONS and have NOTHING GOOD planned for mankind and they ARE NOT YOUR GOD or Mine!!! This is what David Icke and Jordon Maxwell try to Sell You. Eternity in Hell is CooL.....This Boy\'s momma didn\'t raise No Dummy. There is Nothing Cool about Hell or anything in Hell.

The Reptilians, are a Hybrid Race of Humans who\'s DNA has been spliced with some Reptile DNA and created this special Bloodline living amongst us today, The Reptilians. David Icke is an Expert on The Reptilian Race, but NOT much else. This is The Bloodline of The Elite Masters that try to DOMINATE us Humans here on Planet Earth. Another name for them is Earth Dwellers. This is a Bloodline from the Heavens. It is Fallen Blood. It is cursed by our Creator.

The snake (reptile) in the  Garden of Eden that enticed Eve to Sin was her friend. He also had 2 legs which made him the 2 legged snake as referred to in The Bible. This 2 legged snake is nothing less Than Satan himself, the Head and Chief Priest of The Reptilian Race, The Royal Bloodline of The Elite, right from the Dragon himself. Genesis 6...When The Sons of God (The Angels, Adam and Jesus Christ are the only ones that meet this qualification)saw the Daughters of man and saw that they were fair, they \"took them\" as they pleased and created an offspring called Nephilim. The Bloodline is Nephilim \"Fallen\" Blood.  The Nephilim are an abomination in Gods eyes and Yahweh destroyed nearly all humans at the time The Great Flood, all except Noah\'s, who\'s Generations were peer. Yahweh hated what Satan had done to the Human Race.

There is a great Alien Deception going to played out on Earth. The Creator  Yahweh, Jesus Christ, The Holy Spirit and Unfallen Angels do not use Spacecraft. Only Satan and his Fallen Angels need mechanical help to travel the different dimensions. Satan and 43 of his high ranking Angels built and used the Pyramids around the World for regeneration. There are 44 Pyramid locations worldwide. The Same number as Satan and his Fallen Commanders. Then Noah\'s flood shows up to wipe the Nephilim from the Face of The Earth. Nephilim are offspring from an unholy mating of Fallen Angels and the Daughters of man. This bloodline is still around in The blood line of the Elite Reptilians. It is The bloodline of the Snake in The Garden of Eden that has caused all your grief in this lifetime. It is the Bloodline of Satan that is ruling us now in the Form of The NWO and his Elite Domination Masters. I wonder if Jesus died for Nephilim hybrids??? Maybe they are not eligible for resurrection. That would explain their dedication to Satan that has promised them resurrection. Not so complicated is it?

Beware, do not be deceived.


More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.

More of The Same. I Still have 53 more parts to go with Conspiracy Facts. This is a LARGE sewer pit we are dealing with here.


These POtHS 3 - Conspiracy FACTS - Have 93 parts to date. There will be more as WE are in the Middle of a WAR. The information we receive on the TV are all lies, it is a controlled media source that has nothing GOOD for you in it\'s programming. We have been scientifically \"brain washed.\" Every advertising campaign you see is designed to deceive you.


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn\'t PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

\"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

\"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below [/size]
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                                                               POtHS
                                                                      Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS



            thankyou    thankyou    thankyou Thank You JESUS   