Oslo Bombing Footage - A Brief Technical Analysis 2011.08.06

Oslo Bombing - Bomb Site Aftermath Captured on Cell Phone.mp4: 

In this video you can see a round hole in the ground where the bomb is supposed to have detonated. Nothing hints at a car having exploded above the round hole. This type of almost perfect round holes doesn't happen as a result of a car bomb but as a result of an impact by an air-to-ground missile fired from maybe a Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk stealth fighter. Even with a very massive bomb detonating inside a car it cannot be expected that the vehicle simply disappears into nothingness. There are a few videos on youtube showing cars containing powerful bombs being detonated: Usually the entire upper half of the car gets blown off and the lower half of the car is pushed into the ground and flattened but is still clearly visible. 

Something is wrong with these pictures: There is simply no way that this whole seen in the footage could have been caused by a car bomb - but the video as such seems to be authentic. What also seems mysterious is the fact that fires were caused in rather remote locations by the detonation where absolutely no sound could be heard - sounds that should be expected from such explosions. There is also the possibility that a high-tech 'scalar weapon' has been used here. The physicist Tom Bearden talks about this in great length. And there are so called 'EMP weapons' capable of causing short circuits and therefore fires around the point of impact. 

Therefore we have three possibilities now: Scalar weapons, EMP weapons or an infrasound device. There is a fourth option though: The fact that the bomb went off subterraneously may also have resulted in a filtering effect, meaning that only the infrasound segment of the sound-wave was reflected up from the underground resulting in a silent infrasound pressure wave emanating from the point of impact, but this is rather unlikely. This would mean that the detonation occurred completely under the ground thus excluding the possibility of an 'on the ground' car bomb. Whatever assumption we make here, the official version cannot be corroborated by any means. But watch these files and form your own opinion by using your mind for a change instead of just believing in any dubious authority. Question authority, think for yourself.

Files:
1) Air-to-Ground-Missiles
2) General Car Bomb Footage
3) Oslo Bombing
4) EMP Weapons
5) Scalar Weapons
6) Acoustic Weapons