S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean (c) Disney Interactive Studios

17-05-2011........Release Date - Protection.............SecuROM
Action...............Game Type - Disk(s)..........NOTE FOR KIDS

READ NFO NOTES

Sometimes you waste time and this time we wasted a huge amount of time,
simply because we had to spend additional time with a already perfectly
working crack.

There is absolutly NOTHING wrong with our crack(yes it's a crack, not a
loader, nor a alien race workaround from planet XYBAIZY)

We have included a guide in a series of screenshots, that justify the
way the game is ment to be played to get further in the story mode. Use
the arrow keys on the map to select the chapter/level u want to play.

Shall we remind those that couldn't figure it out, that game is only
recommendable down to 6 years old kids.

Don't waste our time again

RELEASE NOTES

LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game re-creates the action,
adventure and memorable moments of the Pirates of the Caribbean
mythology in LEGO form, incorporating the humour of LEGO minifigures
and fantastic worlds built from LEGO bricks and elements for players to
explore.

Features:

Experience the swashbuckling adventure, irreverent humor, memorable
characters and amazing creatures of the Pirates of the Caribbean
universe

Play as Jack Sparrow, Captain Barbossa, Davy Jones and all of your
other favorite Pirates of the Caribbean characters each with their own
personalities and abilities

Immerse yourself in your favorite sequences from all four Pirates of
The Caribbean films in an all-new way with the LEGO twist that takes
players from the port of San Juan to the pirate haven of Tortuga and
everywhere in-between

Local Co-op play, one of the most beloved features of the LEGO video
game series, returns to allow you to team up and enjoy the adventure
with others

Replay the story levels as different characters in Free-Play mode, and
search for new areas to explore, new puzzles to solve and even buried
treasure to uncover.

All new character platform abilities  from high flying sword battles
at the top of a ships mast to perilous acrobatics in assorted locales,
the action is taken to an all new level

All new transform and rebuild abilities.

All new underwater game play expands the exploration and the adventure

Take control of the Black Pearl and the Flying Dutchman in all new
bonus levels

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK
CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision