These Vinyl rips were recorded on a Denon DP-45F turntable using an Audio Technica AT120E cartridge. The preamplifier was a Cambridge 640P. Sound card, an ASUS XONAR Essence ST (Windows 7).
Recorded using Audacity 1.3 Beta. Pops, Clicks, and Noise removed using iZotope Rx Advanced 2.01 software.
iZotope was easily the most important part of this process. Some of my vinyl is fifty years old. All were recorded using 32 bit float at 96 kHz sample rate, then ouputed to 32 bit 96 kHz WAV files, then edited with iZotope. The edited WAV files were then converted to 24-96 FLAC files and 320 bitrate mp3 at 48 kHz sample rate.

This is A Lot of work folks!



                                        Way Out West


I personnally bought this very record Fifty Three years ago in NYC, September 1958.





Way Out West is a 1957 album by Sonny Rollins with bassist Ray Brown and drummer  Shelly Manne, neither of whom had played or recorded with Rollins before. The music employs a technique called "strolling", used here by Rollins for the first time, in which he would solo over only bass and drums with no pianist playing chords. The recent reissue of the CD has additional takes of three of the songs, including the title track. These additional takes are all about twice as long, containing much longer solos from all three of the members of the band.

In order to fit the recording session into the musicians' busy schedules, it was scheduled "for 3 A.M.", according to the liner notes by producer Lester Koenig: "At 7 A.M., after four hours of intense concentration, during which they recorded half the album, and should have been exhausted, Sonny said, 'I'm hot now.' Shelly who had been up for 24 hours, said, 'Man, I feel like playing.' And Ray, who was equally tired and had a studio call for the afternoon, just smiled."

The picture for the cover, taken by celebrated jazz photographer William Claxton, with the saxophonist dressed in Stetson hat, holster, and horn in place of a pistol, was Rollins' own idea, to celebrate his first trip out West, according to Koenig in the liner notes.
[edit] Track listing

All compositions by Sonny Rollins except where noted.

   1. "I'm an Old Cowhand (From the Rio Grande)" (Johnny Mercer) – 5:42
   2. "Solitude" (Duke Ellington) – 7:52
   3. "Come, Gone" – 7:53
   4. "Wagon Wheels" (Peter DeRose) – 10:11
   5. "There Is No Greater Love" (Isham Jones) – 5:17
   6. "Way Out West" – 6:30


[edit] Personnel

    * Sonny Rollins - Tenor Saxophone
    * Ray Brown - Bass
    * Shelly Manne - drums


