Big Thanks to DM999

VSO ConvertXtoDVD 4.1.10.348 Pre-Release
Keygen by BRD

Installed, Tested and Working on Win 7 - 7600 RTM x86&64

ConvertXtoDVD changes history
ConvertXtoDVD - 4.1.10.348 (Jan 10, 2011)
interface fixes
fix on support of embedded SSA tracks in Matroska files
updated FFMPEG DLL
Add Russian voice prompt and DVD-menus translations

- 0004143: [Bug] mkv file no longer converts (wesson) - resolved.
- 0004153: [Bug] debug info appears under preview window when converting subtitles (wesson) - resolved.
- 0004161: [Feature Request] New languages added for installer (benjamin) - resolved.
- 0004154: [Feature Request] Update URL to auto detect the customer language (wesson) - resolved.


The majority of our software goes through 3 different stages.

Beta: It is a version of the software that is currently under testing. Beta versions are available only to VSO team members and official Beta testers.
Pre-Release: It is a version that has been tested by VSO and official beta testers, and for which no regressions or new critical / showstopper bugs were experienced. Pre-Release version are publicly available. Users that want to benefit from new correction or features may decide to download this version. Current valid license keys unblock this version.
Released (Stable): It is a version that has been publicly available for some time, and for which we have received positive feedback from our users. This is the version downloaded by default on the VSO website.

All public version comes with a version history that logs all the changes / fixes / additions done to a software. Please refer to this version history to find out more information about each version.

Key Features
Video formats supported: avi, divx, xvid, mov, mkv, flv , mpeg1, mpeg2, mpeg-, nsv, dvr-ms, ts, ifo, vob, asf, wmv, realmedia, rm, rmvb, ogm, existing files from digital camcorders, TV/Sat, capture cards, etc. No external codecs needed like avi codec

Create DVD menus with different templates available, possibility to add background video, image or audio, have chapter and audio/subtitle menus

Conversion advisor wizard, control of the conversion speed vs. quality
Fast and quality encoder, typically less than 1 hour for converting 1 movie, and supports Multi-Core processors!

Included burning engine with burn speed control choice of SAO or packet writing methods, supports all DVD formats

Custom and or automatic chapter creation with markers and preview window
Advanced file merging possibilities

Audio formats supported internal and external: AC3, DTS, PCM, OGG, MP3, WMA and more... Select audio output format.

Subtitles files supported internal and external: SRT, .SUB/IDX, .SSA, opensubtitles, dvbsub with color and font selection, and supports tags like italic, bold, turn on/off with DVD player remote controlVideo output for video standard (NTSC, PAL), TV Screen (Widescreen 16:9, Fullscreen 4:3) and DVD Resolution (Full D1, Broadcast D1, Half D1, SIF), or choose automatic for all choices listed above. Also convert video from NTSC to PAL or PAL to NTSC
Video post processing settings like video resize-pad/cropping and de-interlacing options

Multilingual support available languages...

Optimized for Windows XP / Vista / Win 7 - 32bits and 64bits


Install Instructions:
Step 1. Install the program.
Step 2. Disable Auto Updates in the Settings ... General Menu.
Step 3. Use A Serial From Keygen (or Serials.txt) to Register.  (Run Keygen as Adminstrator)
(If you Are Updating From MY Last Release NO NEW SERIAL NEEDED !!!)
Enjoy !
DO NOT UPDATE THIS PROGRAM