Omar & The Howlers
Swingland




Label: Provogue
Released: 1998
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 252 MB
Format: FLAC









If you've never heard Omar & the Howlers and had to judge them by a glance at the Swingland CD, you might think they were just another curious band jumping on the swing-jump-blues bandwagon. Not so. Singer Omar Dykes has been a proponent of jump since carving out a niche for himself in Austin back in the mid-'70s. Through heady times (like having a 1986 recording contract with Columbia/CBS Records in pocket) and lean ones, Dykes has kept going as a generally dependable source of Texas blues, blues rock, Delta-flavored R&B, and what have you. Always sounding like a cross between Wolfman Jack and a blood relation of Howlin' Wolf, he acts out the lyrics to the dozen cover songs here with typical fervor as his band and various guests alertly supply the swing or shuffle rhythms and solos.
Omar has a great voice, very distinct, and very cool. It cuts through on tracks like “Mr. Blues Is Coming To Town,” and the very funny (and very true) “Quite Whiskey.” And I didn’t think I’d ever hear a cover of “Hit The Road, Jack” that could sound good, simply because Ray Charles version is so definitive. But it’s featured here and it cooks.
Omar doesn’t play as much guitar here as he has on past efforts, but when he does, it’s tasteful and to the point. And on other cuts, Derek O’ Brien is featured and plays some marvelous solos (“Ain’t That Just Like A Woman” and “One Room Country Shack”). The band cooks throughout. Effortless grooves on stuff like “Going Up The Country” and the instrumental “Don’t Lose Your Cool” show a very hot band that understands its music. Throw in some guest shots by the likes of David “Fathead” Newman and Gary Primich, and you’ve got a wonderful musical journey.




Personnel

Omar Dykes - vocals, guitar; 
Derek O'Brien - guitar; 
Cindy Cashdollar - lap steel guitar; 
Gary Primich - harmonica; 
Mark  Kazanoff - tenor & baritone saxophones; 
David  Newman - tenor saxophone; 
Gary Slechta - trumpet; 
Nick Connolly - piano, organ; 
Paul Junior - bass; 
George Rains - drums.




Track Listing

01. Mr. Blues Is Coming To Town ( 3:12 )
02. Just Like A Woman ( 5:30 )
03. Hit The Road, Jack ( 3:52 )
04. Yellow Coat ( 3:01 )
05. Don't Lose Your Cool ( 2:54 )
06. Work Song ( 4:02 )
07. So Mean To Me ( 2:43 )
08. Going Up To The Country ( 4:36 )
09. That's Your Daddy Yaddy Yo ( 4:08 )
10. Quiet Whiskey ( 2:34 )
11. One Room Country Shack ( 5:08 )
12. Alligator Wine ( 4:19 )
