P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D

1... 2... 3... KICK IT incl Update 2 RIP

Release Date  :  23/04/2011                Protection  :  Steam
Release Type  :  RIP 31x5.00MB            Company    :  Dejobaan Games, LLC

Release Notes

From the creators of the award-winning AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA --
A Reckless Disregard for Gravity, grab the playable Kick It
pre-release, and get the full game when it comes out

Battle your favorite drum 'n' bass tracks, or zen out as you soar
through that trance album. Kick It mines your existing MP3 music to
build hovering, hallucinogenic worlds to fly and fight through.

Picture this: Ten kilometers above the Earth's crust, you plummet,
your own music library powering you through terminal velocity. A hint
of orchestral strings, and gameplay responds with wide open skies
ahead. But whats this? Big, fat bass beats, and suddenly youre
intimate with the side of a behemoth building -- scrape by with a
millimeter to spare, and your score multiplier doubles, then triples.
A serious drum line breaks though the soundscape: cymbals crash, and
youre swarmed by teeming hordes of mechanical monsters hell-bent on
shooting you out of the sky. Take aim, and take 'em down.

Want to play mad scientist? In Kick It, the worlds you create are
living organisms, so if you want to alter the soundscapes generated by
your tracks, go on Tweak a tunes genomes, hit play, and watch it
warp into something unrecognizably twisted. Dejobaan will continue to
polish the game -- with your feedback -- 'till its as smooth and
silky as an ugly baby's bottom for launch in 2011.

Features:

Procedural content generation turns your music library into
floating worlds.

Play your own MP3s, OGGs, and WAV files.

Tweak a city's DNA to create your own experiences.

Be part of the design process as Dejobaan creates its best game yet.

Get the full game once it's completed

RIPPED: Nothing

Install Notes

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Install by running unl-1123.exe
3. Start game with 123KickIt.exe
4. Enjoy

Additional Notes:

Apparently this game is finished yet, althrough you can play and
complete it. You buy the game as it is and more levels and content
will be added if/when the game developer has got more money. Sad that
developers have decided to suck into such business :/  Imagine buying
a car and you wont be able to get seats before the developer have sold
some more cars.

Anyway, support this game, as it's quite good and remember those WORK
IN PROGRESS nagging screens - that's how it's sold

Remember to support quality games

Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition

" Prepare to be Unleashed "