

Aerosmith
Gems (1988)
20 Bit Sony Remaster


Known for an aggressively rhythmic style as rooted in James Brown funk as in traditional blues, Aerosmith were the top American hard-rock band of the mid-Seventies. After drug problems and internal dissension nearly destroyed the group, Aerosmith mounted a spectacular comeback in the 1980s. Despite a considerably more commercially slick and power-ballad oriented sound than they’d first emerged with, frequently drawing on outside songwriters, they managed to became even more popular the second time around.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock
Source:			Flac Conversion


With 1987's Permanent Vacation successfully restoring Aerosmith's reputation as one of hard rock's finest, Columbia Records (their first record company) decided the time was right to issue a follow-up of sorts to their 1980 compilation, Greatest Hits. The result, 1988's Gems, features almost all the tracks that were missing from the first collection, focusing more on their harder-rocking album cuts instead of the hits. Such favorites as their superb cover of "Train Kept a Rollin'" (a perennial concert showstopper) and the early classic "Mama Kin" are included, as well as tracks unfamiliar to the casual fan. Three selections are featured from their definitive album, Rocks ("Rats in the Cellar," "Lick and a Promise," and "Nobody's Fault"), plus other '70s highlights: "No Surprize," "Adam's Apple," "Round and Round," "Critical Mass," and "Lord of the Thighs." And a previously unreleased studio version of "Chip Away the Stone" will undoubtedly interest hardcore fans (only a live version from Live Bootleg had been issued before). Like the Stones and Zeppelin, Aerosmith's album cuts often eclipsed their more renowned material, making Gems an indispensable collection. 


01.Rats In The Cellar
02.Lick And A Promise
03.Chip Away The Stone
04.No Surprize
05.Mama Kin
06.Adam's Apple
07.Nobody's Fault
08.Round And Round
09.Critical Mass
10.Lord Of The Thighs
11.Jailbait
12.Train Kept A Rollin'


Cheers!