Zzap! 64 Magazine Issues 01-107 complete (May 1985 - February 1994)

** This is a rework of a previously-released collection - files are
** slightly larger but with better image quality

Zzap! 64 (later "Commodore Force") was the sister magazine to Crash,
focussing on the Commodore 64 but with some Amiga content in later
issues. It resembled Crash in it's look and feel, but with a slightly
less serious tone that increased as time went on. After Newsfield went
bankrupt in October 1991, Europress picked up the title which ran as
Zzap! until 1992, before renaming it "Commodore Force". It limped along
for another year before suddenly being canned.

These PDFs are the complied collections of page scans available on
public Torrent trackers. They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the retro archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad. Also included is issue 107, which was
produced as a "Commemorative" issue by many ex-Newsfield staff.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled with some of the
more unusual fonts and layouts used (especially in later issues), and by
the relatively low DPI of the source images. Also, paragraph formatting
is a bit random at best; again, this is worse in the later issues.

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please checkfor more information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(www.worldofspectrum.org), and everyone on the WoS forums for help and
advice.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D
fabwhack@gmail.com 
http://retropdfs.wordpress.org




