From Kink.com    (Ts Seduction)   + Pics



Antho lies there, bound by hospital restraints, helpless. The evening doctor makes her rounds later and later each night until soon it's only the two of the them on the floor. Johanna has being evaluating her patient for over a week, tempted by his tight body and soft lips. Tonight she takes him first with her cock in his mouth. Since Johanna is respected physician - no one will believe him if he talks about these night visits and so she takes full advantage of him with her cock, electricity and ass fucking. 



Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=7202



When you attend a prestigious art college, the faculty takes notes on you. When Cj decides to skip class and lip off his teachers, the Dean is made aware. His bad attitude, however, isn't the only thing that has Natassia attention. Cj's freshman tight body and impressionable mind are very appealing. She requests a meeting with him after hours in her private home. When Cj realizes just how much trouble he is in, he begs to be forgiven. That's a start, Natassia commands. She has him on his knees, on the floor and on her cock while she takes her time pleasuring her hard cock. 



Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=7601



"I don't want to cum" Benny pleads as Johanna milks every drop out of his cock with hers planted firmly in his ass hole. Too late.

Small time rockers in Emo bands have the biggest egos and the easiest time taking their pants off. Two things that turn Johanna's cock into a rock hard missile. 
After the tough punk band wraps for the night, Johanna stalks the drummer outside, hoping to light more than his cigarette. 
The drummer is soon getting his cock sucked and entertaining this hot mama's idea of fun when she uses the bands hand cuff props to chain his tough guy wrists to the stage. He plays along, blind folded and figuring this night will just make more tour bus sex hero talk. 

Johanna shoves her ass in his face, then her cock. Not what Benny was expecting and certainly not something he wants. But Johanna has little interest in what he wants, she too busy fucking his tight ass and milking his cock.




Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=8508



Honey invites her piano teacher to stay after her lesson. She sneaks some kinky toys out of her dad's cabinet and convinces him to let her tie him up. The two are new to sex, each kissing and touching like virgins and playing with nipple clamps and using rope for the first time. Greg's cock is porcelain hard in Honey's mouth, her lips warm. 
Honey works him into a state of near explosion - then she reveals more than her budding interest in kinky play - out comes her thick, 8 inch cock. 
Pinned under her, hands tied, turned on and a little bit curious, Greg reluctantly takes her girthy dick into his mouth feeling it get harder and harder. 
Now there is no turning back, they take turns fucking and sucking each other until both cum in a heap on the floor. 




Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=8584




Welcome new TS Seductress, Aly Sinclair. Aly is a Southern California girl with deep brown eyes, sexy curves and a real bend for fucking men in the ass. She comes out of the gate ready to make Chris beg. 

In this role play seduction, Chris is a disgruntled security guard at a local art gallery. When he finds Aly in the San Francisco room, he is quickly convinced to fool around with her. She sucks and jerks him off while slyly fingering his ass. First one finger, then two, three - and when he is in full ecstasy, she swaps her fingers for her hidden cock. Chris is shocked, he struggles, but Aly is already inside him, pushing him down on to the couch and pulling his hair so his face looks right in the surveillance camera. 
"Now all your coworkers will know how much of a slut you are." Chris is stuck. Pinned by a thick cock, blackmailed by the video camera in the corner and torn by how much he actually likes it...



Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9364



Sexy Jade likes to unwind before bed. She slips into something comfortable and then slips her cock into CJ who is bound at the foot of her bed. 
Tied tight and stretched out in inescapable bondage, CJ is the perfect hole for a night time cock sucking. 
This is a little bonus update to get you through the weekend.




Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9371



Here is part 2 from Sexy Jade's LIVE show. TsSeduction.com now has live shows the last Wednesday of every month, 1pm PST. This August live show features the lovely and dominate, Johanna B. 

Sexy Jade releases her little bed time treat from his bounds on the wooden Y. She covers his face with a lingerie blindfold and has him suck her hard dick for a long while before flipping him over for an ass fucking. 



Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9372



Mandy tells Reuven that she rarely lets anyone kiss her on a first date, but he is so sexy and their chemistry is so strong, that she can't resist keeping him. Keeping him, that is, in her bed, tied up and ready to play her games. Reuven is all for it when the game is about him getting his cock sucked, but when Mandy reveals her own cock, Reuven panics. 
Mandy uses her slim, flexible body to pin Reuven while she fucks his ass. Her pure enjoyment of pounding Reuven is so obvious she can barely contain it. She flips him into her favourite position - missionary - so she can see his face grimace in pain when she strokes deep in his ass. When Reuven cums, Mandy rubs it on his face and gives him a home run ass fucking until she is ready to pop in his mouth. 



Screens  http://www.tsseduction.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9784



Cheerz  :-)