Mastodon - Live At The Aragon (2011) [DVD9][NTSC]
 
http://www.mastodonrocks.com/

There comes a moment in the career of a rock band where you need to look back to review its achievements to date, normal in such cases is to publish direct with which to summarize his career and, while , highlighting its major successes. Mastodon might well have gone down that road, after four studio albums have carved out a repertoire of more solid, dotted with a handful of issues that have become classics in concert, but instead have decided to make the launch of its first live DVD "Live at the Aragon" in a celebration of 'Crack the Skye', his masterful fourth album.

In October 2009, the Atlanta quartet chose the solemn scene of the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago to offer a very special evening in which the undisputed star is for the concept album about Czarist Russia, played from start to finish. Anyone who has been enjoying prior to 'Crack the Skye' you can imagine what awaits you at this concert, an amazing musical journey full of intricate melodies leading into progressive land, but played with a force that will move you head up and down without hesitation ('The Czar' is a clear example of this.)

Help to the solemnity and sober event staging, as is customary in Mastodon, unfriendly great effects, the play of light is very simple and the only notable extra is for the clips that accompany the songs, small pieces cinematographic recreate the style Soviet expressionist silent film.

Returning to the music I must say that the production is subtle, and although it may bring out the weaknesses of Mastodon (Voices without going any further, especially that of Brent Hinds, great guitarist on the other hand), thanks a post-production to help as much as possible to recreate the live experience, especially noteworthy is the harshness with which sounds Daillor Brann battery.

The setlist is complete with four pieces from previous albums, songs that are not obvious choices, 'Circle of Cysquatch, "" Aqua Dementia, "" Where Strides the Behemoth "and" Mother Puncher "are big themes, but one would expect Classical lashes the band as 'Blood and Thunder "or" The Wolf is Loose'. The concert closes with 'The Bit', Mastodon version in which the field takes its theme from The Melvins, the gurus of alternative metal.

'Live at the Aragon' is therefore a reliable sample of what Mastodon is able to provide live technical virtuosity and interpretive power in abundance. There is only an objective fact that can be blamed and the short duration of filming, and is that with 78 minutes left wanting you more. Only hope that you visit us soon with a similar assembly and finally leading his own tour, so far we have to settle for seeing them in the next Sonisphere which were confirmed and fellow poster will be quite an experience.

Musicians:
- Brann Daillor: Drums and vocals
- Brent Hinds: Guitars and voices
- Bill Kelliher: Guitars
- Troy Sanders: Bass and vocals
* Derek Mitcka: Keyboards

Genre: Groove Metal, progressive metal.
Recorded live on October 19, 2009 at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago.
Sound: Chris Shepard, Tom Tapley, Mark Davies, Dave Nutbrown; Azuolas Sinkervicius, Patrick Tillman, produced by Lawrence

Country: Usa
Video: Mpeg2 720x480 29.97 fps
Audio: DD5.1 ??AC3 6 ch
Size: 6900 mb
Genre: Technical / Progressive Groove Metal

Tracklist:
01. Oblivion
02. Divinations
03. Quintessence
04. The Czar: I. Usurper II. Escape III. Martyr IV. Spiral
05. Ghost of Karelia
06. Crack The Skye
07. The Last Baron
08. Circle Of Cysquatch
09. Aqua Dementia
10. Where Strides The Behemoth
11. Mother Puncher
12. The Bit
