KeepTool 9.1.4.5

The KeepTool 9 family gathers together three Oracle productivity tools, each addressing a specific purpose and available separately. But each of the three products - Hora, ER Diagrammer und PL/SQL Debugger - is also designed to work with the other two, and shares a common design philosophy. Our goal is to make our products easy and intuitive to use. KeepTool 9 is updated many times each year to enhance its existing functionality and to incorporate new features of the Oracle database.

Hora
Hora is KeepTool's flagship product for viewing and manipulating Oracle databases, and accommodates a variety of users. Primarily designed for both DBA's and developers, it can also help end users query data and generate simple reports. Thanks to its intuitive interface and the ability to preview SQL before execution, Hora does not require that you read the manual before using it.

Its object-oriented navigation system takes you to any database function within a few clicks.

Hora is compact. Everything you need to work with the database is in a single tool. Start-up time and resource usage are minimal.

HoraLight
HoraLight, which follows the design and usability principles of the full version of Hora, makes viewing and modifying tables, and producing simple or complex queries, something that end users can do for themselves with ease.

ER Diagrammer
KeepTool's Entity Relationship Diagrammer shows the tables and their relationships to each other systematically, according to the IDEF1X standard. ER Diagrammer can create an entity-relationship diagram from an existing database. Optionally, for a complex database, ER Diagrammer can generate diagrams for specific portions that you can select. Usually, the result will picture the tables in a manner that shows relationships with all parent tables to the left. If you prefer, you can rearrange the tables differently, and the connectors will follow along. The image can then be saved in a file for future display.

You can also use ER Diagrammer in conjunction with Hora, the parent of the KeepTool 8 family, to generate a data model for a new database. Simply use Hora to define tables—adding, dropping and renaming columns where necessary; then use ER Diagrammer to create a graphic view of your data model.

PL/SQL Debugger
KeepTool 8's PL/SQL Debugger gives you, the PL/SQL developer, all you need to test and debug code. You can set breakpoints and define watches for variables. Breakpoint lines are color-coded and can be removed or reset at will. In addition to the source display, there are separate windows that display watched variables, breakpoints and the call stack.

PL/SQL Debugger has been designed with the same emphasis on usability as Hora. This ensures that both tools are closely integrated. Using Hora and the Debugger together, you will be on your way to creating to creating efficient PL/SQL code.

Home Page - http://www.keeptool.com/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                             
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                            
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
