TTC Video

Physics of history

The compressed version of these torrent:         
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5252457/TTC_Video_-_Physics_of_History

24 Lectures
30 minutes / lecture

1. The Vast Reaches of Time and Space
Atoms tell the story of events that are inaccessible to the methods of traditional historians. Begin your study of this hidden history by investigating simple analogies that allow you to comprehend the vast realms of time and space that are covered in the course.

2. Fundamentally, What's the World Made Of?
Everything is made of atoms, but what are atoms made of? In this lecture, peel back their layers, discovering that the atomic nucleus can serve as an invaluable clock and that electrons behave in distinctive ways that identify atoms across millions of light-years of space.

3. Energy in the Atomic World
Investigate the forces through which atoms and their particles interact. These interactions are manifested as energy. As an example, you tally the human requirement for energy at the atomic level, coming up with an average of about 2,000 calories per person, per day.

4. The Atomic Basis of the Senses
Professor Helfand shows how your sensations are mediated by a cascade of atomic interactions, starting in the external world and ending in the brain. For all their power, the senses miss a great deal; for instance, there's a good evolutionary reason why your nose can't detect carbon monoxide.

      5. Radioactivity—Nature's Imperturbable Clock
      It is impossible to say when something happened without a clock to measure the passage of time. Learn that for a wide range of time scales, nature provides imperturbable clocks in the radioactive decay of different isotopes.

      6. From Detecting Forgeries to the First Art
      Discover that by bombarding a painting with neutrons, it's possible to determine the pigments employed. If you find modern pigments that were not in use when the work was supposedly created, then you know something is amiss. Carbon-14 dating is another technique for unmasking forgeries.

      7. Watching Plaster Dry—And Dating It
      Carbon-14 decay is ideal for dating material that was once alive, or indeed for any chemical process that involves carbon. In this lecture, learn how this technique helped debunk a story about the Vikings in Rhode Island.

      8. We Are What We Eat—The History of Diet
      Since every atom in your body comes from consuming and inhaling atoms, a detailed analysis of your atomic makeup says quite a lot about you. Investigate the ancient Iceman, whose probable birthplace and subsequent wanderings are revealed in the atoms of his bones and hair.

      9. A Plant Is What It Eats—Tracing Agriculture
      Investigate three separate biochemical pathways for photosynthesis. Thanks to the pathway that evolved for drought tolerance in plants such as corn, scientists are able to chart the ancient spread of corn cultivation from Mexico to New England over the course of 7,000 years.

      10. Tree Rings—Seasons of the Past 12,000 Years
      Leonardo da Vinci pioneered the idea of reading past seasons in tree rings. However, the field did not take off until the 20th century. This lecture shows how isotopic analysis of tree rings yields records of temperature and humidity, year by year, for a dozen millennia.

      11. Ice Cores—Climate Records for 800 Millennia
      Remarkably, an ice core provides all the records of a modern weather station, extending over a time interval five times longer than humans have inhabited the Earth. Study past periods of climate change and the lessons they hold for today's warming planet.

      12. Ocean Sediments Reveal 5 Million Years
      Explore another archive of information: ocean sediments. As sea plants and animals die and sink to the ocean floor, their remains preserve the isotopic ratios of oxygen and hydrogen present when they were alive, providing a continuous record of sea-surface temperatures over millions of years.

      13. A Bad Day in June—Death of the Dinosaurs
      One of the most celebrated incidents of prehistory is the asteroid impact that led to the extinction of the dinosaurs. Follow the trail of evidence that helped investigators deduce the time, place, and outcome of this Earth-shaking event, which paved the way for the rise of mammals.

      14. The Origin and Early History of Life
      Life emerged on Earth from commonplace interstellar chemicals. Look at the early history of life, including the peculiar fact that the amino acids on Earth and in meteorites are left-handed, a situation that may relate to the violent effects of a nearby neutron star.

      15. The History of Earth's Atmosphere
      Clues from other planets and from the geological record allow scientists to reconstruct the long-term history of Earth's atmosphere and the dramatic differences in climate over time. Learn why dragonflies with 30-inch wingspans were possible in the distant past but not today.

      16. The Age of the Solar System
      In this lecture, look at historical estimates for the age of Earth and the solar system. Thanks to a pair of rare atoms, we now know the answer: 4.56 billion years. Analysis of moon rocks adds further details about cataclysms that shaped the early Earth.

      17. What Happened before the Sun Was Born?
      Here, investigate how an isotope found in meteorites suggests that a massive star blew up in the region that later saw the formation of the solar system. This blast may have provided the push that a localized cloud of gas needed to collapse and form the sun.

      18. Atoms Are Star Stuff—Cooking Up Carbon
      What is a star? Professor Helfand makes sense of the astronomer's definition: "A star is a plasma, gravitationally bound, supported by thermal pressure in hydrostatic equilibrium (usually), emitting blackbody radiation, and powered by nuclear fusion."

      19. The Lives of Big Stars—Cooking Up Big Atoms
      All that you eat, except for hydrogen atoms, was cooked for you inside stars. Explore why this is so and investigate the life cycles of stars of different masses and how all the elements from carbon to uranium are forged inside them.

      20. Relativity—Space and Time Become Spacetime
      Moving beyond the Milky Way galaxy, examine the surprising relationship between space and time discovered by Einstein. An understanding of his theory of relativity is crucial for the course's final quest to explain the origin of matter at the beginning of time.

      21. (Almost) Everything Is Relative
      The finite speed of light and the constancy of this speed for all observers is the basis for Einstein's special theory of relativity. Explore some consequences of the theory, such as the time dilation effect, which makes two clocks run at different rates depending on their relative motion.

      22. Matter Vanishes; Light Speed Is Breached?
      Relativity does not forbid faster-than-light travel, however, the strange consequences of such a phenomenon have never been observed. Discover how, in a world with theoretical faster-than-light particles, an effect could precede its cause in time. Also, learn about the equivalence of mass and energy.

      23. The Limits of Vision—13.7 Billion Years Ago
      Continuing your journey to the beginning of time, look back to the origin of the cosmic microwave background, a universal glow that permeates all of space and that records the state of the universe just 380,000 years after the big bang.

      24. The First Few Minutes—Where It All Began
      Arrive at the events that gave rise to matter itself. Professor Helfand likens this early period to an extreme form of musical chairs, when fundamental particles "froze out" at different times. End the course by following the history of a single quark, from its birth to its surprising fate today.



More info on their site: 
http://www.teach12.com/ttcx/CourseDescLong2.aspx?cid=1252


--------------------------------------------
Compression mini tutorial:

1. get SUPER (it's freeware and can convert everything to everything)

2. modify settings like this (what I use, could be not so efficient):
 2.1 codec H264
 2.2 set video width X 288 (width/288 must be equal to originalWidth/originalHeight)
 2.3 set video bitrate somewhere between 240-270. I set it 240. I didn't go lower.
 2.4 set audio: mp3, audio bitrate 56kbs, sample rate 22050Hz. But lately I've increased to 64kbs and 44100hz.

3. Hit the button
You should get videos somewhere around 60-90 mb.

4. create a torrent, then upload to tpb		