This is the final launch of the Space Shuttle Discovery on NASA Mission STS-133 initiated on 24-Feb-2011.

Included is about two hours of live video recorded from NASA-TV, starting about an hour before the launch at Kennedy Space Center as control is passed off to Houston Mission Control. And then it continues on through the post-launch News Conference, ending with a few views from space.

This NASA-TV video was rebroadcast on UW-TV2 (Univ. of Washington) and digital captured off of Comcast Cable. The program is broken up into several clips for easy viewing. They are recorded in the NASA-TV broadcast resolution of 640x480. In a few places they have been lightly edited to remove a few seconds where nothing is actually happening. It was then encoded into MPEG-4 AVC H.264 with AAC audio. This is a relatively long version of the launch, but since it is the last mission for Discovery I wanted to capture as much as possible for posterity.

The long pre-launch clip 01 is interesting because there is quite a bit of drama involved as some downrange equipment refuses to operate and the countdown is stalled. For over a half hour the launch is NO-GO as the end of the available launch window is approaching. For this full time period the countdown clock is stopped and shows 9 minutes, or "T minus 9". The first clip ends when the T-9 minute clock is finally started.

Clip 02 begins with the T minus 9 minute countdown clock finally started. The drama continues with the downrange equipment problem still in effect until about T-5. Finally, the problem is cleared and Launch Hold condition is removed. The launch takes place in its usual spectacular fashion and the Discovery blasts into space. If you want to view just the launch and ascent to space then this is the clip.

Clip 03 starts after the Discovery is out of view from the ground and the video cuts away to Houston where you see a big room with many large displays and control consoles. At this point the Discovery is actually in space and preparing for the "OAMS burn" which is of the mid-course maneuvers required to achieve orbital insertion. You hear the radio traffic but there is not much to see, so a number of replays of the launch are shown from several different camera angles. This is very interesting video without sound, but you continue to hear the radio traffic between Houston and Discovery.

In Clip 04 we are back to Houston Mission Control for the final Orbital Insertion maneuver. Then they announce the post-launch News Conference to be held back at Kennedy Space Center. Clip 05 is the News Conference. Clip 06 cuts away to space with some views out the shuttle bay doors as they are opened. And finally, there is a brief and concise description of the actual mission.

Included are several documents with some very interesting information about Discovery, known as OV-103 (Orbital Vehicle 103), and her final mission STS-133. Following this mission Discovery will be retired from the fleet and is the first shuttle to be retired. Prior to this mission Discovery traveled a total of 142,917,535 miles and spent 8,441 hours 50 minutes in space. This is her 13th docking with the International Space Station.

Enjoy!
