John Rzeznik

Daryl Hall and the Goo Goo Doll’s John Rzeznik know a little something about what it takes to be a lead singer in a rock band, and they put that experience to good use on a selection from the catalog of both groups on the 42nd edition of Live From Daryl’s House. The newest installment of the Webby and MTV O Music award-winning Internet series, which last year made its broadcast debut on WGN America to impressive ratings, will debut at www.lfdh.com on May 15.

The show brought together Hall and Rzeznik for a day-long session that included a stellar seven song set. The two collaborated on the Goo Goo’s hits, “Iris” and “Slide,” both from 1998’s triple-platinum Dizzy Up the Girl, with the former also appearing on the City of Angels soundtrack album, where it spent a record-breaking 18 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay charts and was nominated for three Grammys. Daryl and Johnny also perform a pair of songs from the Goo Goo Dolls’ 2010 album, Something for the Rest of Us, including “Home” and “Still Your Song.” The three Daryl Hall penned numbers featured are “Did It in a Minute,” a Top 10 hit from 1981’s Private Eyes, “Some Things Are Better Left Unsaid,” on 1984’s Big Bam Boom and the rare “Want To,” originally included on 1997’s Marigold Sky, a co-write with the late T-Bone Wolk.

“It was an amazing day of playing music with a legend and then sitting down for dinner afterward,” marveled Rzeznik about his appearance. “Definitely a day I will always remember.”

Says Daryl: “I love John! He’s a great singer with a quick sense of humor and to my surprise, a really professional cook. He can come over anytime and rattle those pots and pans.”

Goo Goo Dolls have remained one of the most acclaimed songwriting forces in rock music for over two decades. The Grammy-nominated, multi-format chart toppers have enjoyed a string of hits that have earned the band the all-time airplay record for “The Most Top 10 Hit Singles in History,” according to Billboard’s Nielsen BDS-based Adult Top 40 chart. Singer/songwriter John Rzeznik has been the recipient of the Songwriters Hall of Fame Hal David Starlight Award, and has penned a series of hits beginning in 1995 with the #1 “Name,” “Iris” and “Slide,” followed by “Black Balloon,” “Broadway,” “Here is Gone,” “Big Machine,” “Sympathy,” “Better Days,” “Stay With You” and “Let Love In.” Goo Goo Dolls’ newest album, Something for the Rest of Us, debuted at # 7 on the Billboard Top 200 chart, earning raves from such media outlets as Billboard and USA Today.