Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Life Is Beautiful" is debut single by Los Angeles-based hard rock band Sixx:A.M., and lead single from their debut album, The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack. The song was written by Nikki Sixx, founding member of both Sixx:A.M. and Mötley Crüe. "Life Is Beautiful" quickly gained popularity and reached #2 on the U.S. Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks. The song is available for download in the Rock Band video games and was used in the promotion of the 2008 horror film One Missed Call.

The music video for the song features band's performance with lyrics and rough hand illustrations scrawled across the screen.

"Life Is Beautiful" is about Sixx's past drug addiction, the difficulties he encountered while addicted, and his realization that "Life Is Beautiful". Part of the chorus of the song, "Will you swear on your life, that no one will cry at my funeral", is a quote from Sixx's former roommate and co-lead guitarist from Ratt, Robbin Crosby. Years after being turned onto heroin by Sixx, Crosby died from AIDS in 2002 after using a dirty needle to shoot up.

The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack, often referred to as simply The Heroin Diaries, is the debut studio album by Sixx:A.M., a side project of Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx. The band also features lead vocalist James Michael and current Guns N' Roses guitarist DJ Ashba. The concept album serves as the companion soundtrack to Sixx's autobiography, The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star, and is about on Sixx's severe heroin addiction in 1987. The first single, "Life Is Beautiful," debuted at #26 on the Billboard charts.

"Life Is Beautiful", the first single off the album, was originally posted on Sixx's MySpace page; after "[picking] up momentum," it debuted at #26 on the Billboard rock singles chart. It peaked at #2 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album was released on August 21, 2007. It has sold more than 210,000 copies to date in the U.S. as of May 2008.

Designed to be an accompaniment to The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star, the autobiography of Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx co-written by Sixx and Ian Gittens that details his severe heroin addiction in 1987, The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack is a concept album that captures Sixx's basic story of his life during that time, although the album can stand alone. The story begins with the reasons for Sixx starting his diary, followed by his first (albeit temporary) abstinence from heroin, his relapse and mental and physical decline, his near-fatal overdose and out-of-body experience, and finally, his emotional recovery, which eventually led to long-term sobriety. The 13 tracks on the album each correspond to one month of his diary, which he kept from December 1986 to December 1987. Because a story is told, the album is best understood by listening to the tracks in their original order.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/