Game Information: 
Year : 2011 Genre : Arcade (Platform) / 3D / 3rd Person Developer : TT Games Publisher : Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment Publisher in Russia : 1C-SoftKlab Publication Type: license Language: Russian, Polish, English Language System Requirements: √ Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / Windows 7 √ Processor: Pentium D dual core with 2.0 GHz or better √ Memory: 1 GB √ Hard Disk Space: 8.5 GB √ Sound device: compatible with DirectX 9.0 √ Video: NVIDIA GeForce 6800 series, 7800, 8xxx / ATI X1950 with Shader Model 3

Description:
The final chapters of Harry Potter\'s adventures on the version of LEGO.

The story of the new game LEGO Harry Potter series based on the last three books and four films about the \"boy who survived,\" - \"Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,\" \"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince \"and\" Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. \"

Fans of the famous saga of adventure and JK Rowling will participate in the events of the last years of his stay at Hogwarts, Harry, and the final will compete with the very Volan de Mort.

A fascinating project brings together the creative potential of LEGO and fascinating World of Harry Potter: Lessons players are expected magic, battles with a variety of spells, duel with wands and other pleasures of life of the modern magician.

Features:
«LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5.7\" tells of the heroic exploits of Harry and his friends - you will meet many characters, learn new spells and go through various tests.
Visit the area of ​​Grimm, the Ministry of Magic, Godric\'s Hollow, as well as places of worship such as Diagon Alley, and, of course, Hogwarts.
Create, conjure and explore - in the world of LEGO you are sure to discover a magical abilities!
Learn powerful combat spells, and fight with the enemy, and in the final with shlestnites by Volan de Mort.
Open the opportunity to play for new characters, including Fenrir Sivogo, Bellatrix Lestrange and Professor Horace Slughorn.
Explore the magical world of Harry Potter and his friends in split screen mode.