 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth




POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 44 - Welcome To The New World Order





POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 44 - Welcome To The New World Order



POtHS Comment:

Description:


Wake Up Call - Welcome To The New World Order:

This is a documentary compiled by John Nada. Some of the topics covered in the film are: The New World Order, Federal Reserve, Bilderberg Group, Trilateral Commission, Council on Foreign Relations, North American Union, The Rockefeller and Rothschild families, Freemasonry, Bohemian Grove, The Illuminati, Problem-Reaction-Solution, 9/11, war profiteering, the phony ‘War on Terrorism’, the impending ‘Big Brother Surveillance Society’, the war on civil liberties, microchipping, mind control, media control and ‘education system’ indoctrination…

Featuring: Alex Jones, David Icke, Aaron Russo, Jordan Maxwell, G. Edward Griffin, Jim Marrs, Bill Hicks, Daniel Estulin, Jim Tucker, Ted Gunderson, Anthony Hilder, Professor Steven Jones, Webster Tarpley, George Carlin, John Taylor Gatto, Charlotte Iserbyt, Dave vonKleist, Stan Monteith and others…


William Cooper - Police State:

Surrounding us in our day-to-day lives are mysteries, that to spend our days pondering would paralyze us from leading productive lives. So we turn away from these thoughts in order to seek out as trouble free an existence as we can. Then there are those who have made it their business to explore and expose these mysteries; to remind us of what we already know on some deep subconscious level, that things are rarely what they seem on the surface. Bill Copper was such a man.

Cooper’s commitment to exposing the truth as he saw it, with the information he had at the time, is nothing short of inspiring. Very few of us would go to the length Cooper did in order to inform and educate what he knew would always be only a small portion of our population.

The type of material Cooper spent his life exposing is the kind of thing we would prefer to consider exists only in fictional literary works and science fiction movies. For to even ponder that such ideas can exist in “reality” is nothing short of disturbing. Yet Cooper, through meticulous research, fact checking, and of course his own experiences in Naval Intelligence, reminded us these things do indeed have a place in reality. He warned us that the science fiction we so eagerly digest is more truthful than we would ever care to consider.

Bill was reared in an air force family and spent his childhood and young adult life traveling the world on military assignments. Bill served honorably in Vietnam, spent time running a small university, opened an art gallery, married, had children, and eventually penned “Behold A Pale Horse”.

This book synthesized the disturbing documents he witnessed while in the military, and expressed his utter shock in seeing these plans carried out years later against an unknowing populace.

Bill would spend the remainder of his life broadcasting on shortwave and satellite radio, as well as giving standing room only lectures to inform people of what he knew. Bill was compelled to impress upon them that unless we do something, a very dark future would lie ahead.


Invisible Empire  A New World Order Defined:

Jason Bermas presents Invisible Empire: A New World Order Defined produced by Alex Jones. The film can be ordered here http://infowars-shop.stores.yahoo.net/inemnewwoord.html

In the tradition of his first Internet blockbuster, Loose Change, which has had over 100 million visits, Jason Bermas has created yet another outstanding documentary film, Invisible Empire: A New World Order Defined.

This film documents very clearly that some of America’s most powerful elected officials, including all recent presidents, have been part of an international cabal to establish a socialist New World Order that would eradicate national sovereignty and many of the God-given freedoms vouchsafed in the Constitution of the United States, making all citizens mere slaves of the state.

It has an amazing collection of video footage of these leaders stating their unabashed ambitions to establishing this New World Order. It also shows just who is behind this international cabal and their nefarious intentions and true sinister nature. It is deeply troubling and very important.

Again, its relevance to Free Energy technology is two-fold. First, these same forces are behind many of the instances of suppression of breakthrough free energy, which would empower the individual, contrary to the NWO agenda to enslave. Second, the emergence of breakthrough free energy technologies will help unseat these criminals. It is a powerful antidote to the poison being administered.

Another point of relevance is that the film touches on the fact that Al Gore is one of the New World Order insiders helping to accomplish their objectives by politicizing climate change and using it as a reason to impose global carbon taxes; all while personally becoming super wealthy from his various involvements that include serious conflicts of interest. He should not be seen as a hero figure in the free energy movement.


Iron Mountain Blueprint to Tyranny - Full RARE Video:

The Video that started it all - written about in the WALL STREET JOURNAL and the subject of an NBC DATELINE.  They claim this is a hoax...but I don't think hoaxes work this well. History has been unfolding almost right inline with the report.  This is a 2:40 hour documentary investigating the little known IRON MOUNTAIN REPORT, leaked to the press in 1967. Purports to be a top-secret government plan to bring in the New World Order and the ultimate plans for American citizens. Declared a hoax, it was later verified by a top Pentagon official as real. The agenda is being carried out right under the noses of the American people. UFO’s play a major role in the Iron Mountain NWO. It is all about people control via deception and manipulation. Deep into Eugenics, birth control and hideous plans for a tyrannical slave state. It is all coming true after OKC and 9-11 with the Patriot Act, Homeland Security and the military police operating in America. Airports first, railroads, then highways, and finally a complete LOCKDOWN under the pretense of “security”. A MUST SEE VIDEO


Reflections And Warnings - An Interview With Aaron Russo:

Alex Jones’ latest DVD documentary release, Reflections And Warnings – An Interview With Aaron Russo, pays homage to maverick patriot Aaron Russo, who left this mortal coil in August 2007 after a long battle with cancer. The film is a 90 minute full version of Jones’ seminal interview with Russo, which took place months before his death.

This was Russo’s final videotaped interview before he passed away, but his legacy as the founder of the movement to end the power monopoly of the Federal Reserve makes the documentary more contemporary than ever before in light of how the Federal Reserve has increased its stranglehold over the American economy since the beginning of the financial crisis last year.

The conversation on the DVD features many shocking revelations that were divulged by Russo’s one-time close friend Nick Rockefeller about the elite’s agenda for mankind.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    



         
                           