[URL=http://img101.imageshack.us/my.php?image=gijoerenegadesbanner.png][IMG]http://img101.imageshack.us/img101/2171/gijoerenegadesbanner.png[/IMG][/URL]


Branded as renegades for crimes they did not commit, a heroic group of young G.I.s is forced to "turn fugitive" as they battle to clear their names and expose the evil that is Cobra Industries — a seemingly benevolent mega-corporation covertly controlled by a rogues gallery intent on creating a New World Order

According to the recent "Hub Exclusive" TV broadcast, promoting this series and the Transformers Prime, homages to The A-Team movie are used in the background of this incarnation of the characters. Most notable is that Roadblock is stated to parallel to B.A. Baracus in size and mechanical aptitude, and Flint is formally an actual officer (First Lieutenant in Army Intelligence) rather than a warrant officer and is specifically used as the officer assigned to arrest the "Renegades", akin to Colonel Lynch of the A-Team series. Also Lady Jaye is sympathetic to her long time friend Duke and provides covert support to the him and the Renegades as was Captain Charissa Sosa in the A-Team film and AAA in the 1980s TV series.


Cast

Series cast summary: 
Charlie Adler - Cobra Commander, Jumpmaster (ep. 1) Cobra Trooper #1 (ep. 1)
Michael Bell - Duke's Dad
Clancy Brown - Destro
Natalia Cigliuti - Scarlett
Danny Cooksey - Snake Eyes
Greg Ellis - Breaker, Cobra Ops Supervisor (ep. 3)
Nika Futterman - Lady Jaye, Female Reporter (ep. 1)
Kim Mai Guest - Jinx
David Kaye - Main Title Narrator
Matthew Yang King - Tunnel Rat, Cobra Trooper #3 (ep. 1)
Andrew Kishino - Storm Shadow
Lee Majors - General Abernathy
Jason Marsden - Duke[3], Cobra Trooper #2 (ep. 1), Mitchell (ep. 2)
Jim Meskimen - Norton (ep. 2), News Reporter (ep. 2), SWAT MP (ep. 2)
Johnny Messner - Flint
Khary Payton - Ripcord, Lead Cobra Trooper (ep. 1)
Kevin Michael Richardson - Roadblock, Major Hidalgo (ep. 1), Cobra Security Trooper (ep. 1), Computer Voice (ep. 3)
Charlie Schlatter - Doctor Mindbender, Security Chief (ep. 1)
André Sogliuzzo - Major Bludd, Store Manager (ep. 3)
B.J. Ward - Duke's Mom[3]
Tatyana Yassukovich - Baroness, Receptionist (ep. 1)
Keone Young - Hard Master (ep. 4, 5), Arata (ep. 4)


              ===== File Info ===== 
FileSize           : 175M
PlayTime           : 00:22:00.
VideoCount         : 1
AudioCount         : 1
              ===== Video Info ===== 
Video 0# Stream
VideoCodec         : DX50
VideoWidth         : 640 piexs
VideoHeight        : 360 piexs
VideoFrameRate     : 23.976fps
VideoFrameCount    : 30892
VideoBitRate       : 1030645
              ===== Audio Info ===== 
Audio 0# Stream
AudioCodec         : MP3
AudioBitRate       : 96000
AudioChannels      : 2
AudioSampleRate    : 32000


Opening

After two episodes, the series intro is narrated by David Kaye who narrated this:

"Accused of a crime they didn't commit, a ragtag band of fugitives fights a covert battle to clear their names and expose the insidious enemy that is...COBRA. Some call them outlaws. Some call them heroes. But these determined men and women think themselves only as 'Ordinary Joes'. And this is their story."

 Characters

 G.I. Joe

Duke - The G.I. Joe squad leader is always ready for action with his Plasma Pulse Pistol. But this former high school football hero never jumps into a fight without thinking. Sergeant Conrad Hauser, or Duke, as his friends call him, is okay with bending the rules when he has to, but he'll always do the right thing. Duke helps out anyone who needs it, but his first job is to look out for his squad.
Snake Eyes - His name's unknown to the Joe's, but he was given the name "Hebi no me" ("Snake Eyes") by his sensei, Hard Master because he possesses the "steely gaze of a serpent". After getting his throat punctured, he doesn't talk, but he doesn't need to. Snake Eyes says it all with his ninja sword and Plasma Pulse Uzi. Trained by the Arashikage clan, this masked mercenary used to show up just for special missions whenever his apperentice Scarlett called. She can "translate" what he's thinking. He's not used to teamwork, but now that he's joined G.I. Joe, his sense of honor won't let him walk away.
Scarlett - Because of her hair color, the Joes calls her "Red" for short. Lieutenant Shana "Scarlett" O'Hara is an intelligence agent who went undercover to dig up the truth about COBRA. Scarlett is a whiz with computers and she's a mean shot with her High Tech Plasma Pulse Crossbow. Not only was she trained in Ninjitsu by Snake Eyes himself, Scarlett has a special link to the Silent Master, which also comes in handy.
Roadblock - If roadkill's on the menu, Roadblock must be cooking. Corporal Marvin Hinton is the team's gourmet chef. He's also a great mechanic and the heavy weapons guy (you can tell by his big Plasma Pulse Machine Gun). Don't let his size fool you, Roadblock is a gentle giant and a cheerful loudmouth who loves singing along to the heavy metal in his headphones, but he's totally serious when it comes to getting the Joes out of danger.
Ripcord - This extreme-sports daredevil isn't afraid to do anything, and he's always got a joke to tell...usually a bad one. Private Wallace Weems is a rookie looking to prove himself, and he's always ready for combat with his Plasma Pulse Sub-Machine Gun. Maybe if his jokes were as good as his battle skills, he wouldn't bug Tunnel Rat so much. Rip Cord was subsequently killed in an explosion in episode "The Descent".
Tunnel Rat - Smell something stinky? It's probably Tunnel Rat. Private First Class Nicky Lee is an offbeat medic who grew up exploring Brooklyn's subway and sewer tunnels, and he's still totally at home in dark, gross places. Tunnel Rat knows more than anyone about dirt, worms, bugs, and whatever else is underground, as well as what plants to eat to make you feel better. He's got a major attitude problem with his scarasism, but he's a funny guy...seriously!
Breaker - Alvin Kibbey is a college student who used to work for SSS Mart (which is owned by Cobra Industries) until he was fired upon being accused of stealing one of their scanners (which he secretly did after that). Alvin ends up starting an Anti-Cobra blog under the alias of the "Coyote". G.I. Joe ends up stumbling upon a plot to dispose of him when they managed to discover that a package to him had a detonator. When they find Alvin, he recognizes Scarlett by her blog screen name. Alvin explains that the scanner he stole contains the info on any illegal weapon sellings that SSS Mart has been doing. G.I. Joe ends up protecting him when Baroness sends Major Blood to assassinate him. Even though Major Bludd threw his knife at Alvin's backpack, it ended up destroying the scanner. When G.I. Joe fled, Alvin managed to rewire the detonator that was meant for him which blew up the warehouse costing Major Bludd his left eye. Seeing as Cobra thinks he's dead, Alvin joins up with G.I. Joe under the codename "Breaker". In the episode "Return of the Arashikage", it appears that Breaker has been placed in a hidden location by G.I. Joe in order to find any other evidence that would expose the illegal activities of Cobra Industries.

 Falcons

The Falcons are a group of military officers sent by General Abernathy to bring in the G.I. Joe team.

Flint - The highly decorated leader of military task force "The Falcons" is in charge of catching the G.I. Joes. First Lieutenant Dashiell Faireborn, has been locking horns with Duke since high school, and that's one of the many reasons why he's tracking Duke now. Flint might seem cocky, but he's a decent guy, even if he doesn't believe COBRA is evil and is all about bringing in Duke's team.
Lady Jaye - She's tough, scrappy, and "one of the guys." So when they call Sergeant Alison Hart-Burnett "Lady Jaye," it's almost a joke. She's supposed to be working to bring in the Joes, but Lady Jaye owes Duke after he saved her life. So she secretly feeds his team intel to keep them out of Flint's reach and also helps them with their battle against COBRA.

 Cobra

Cobra Commander - This businessman may be the friendly face of COBRA Industries, but Adam DeCOBRAy is not what he seems. In fact, the head of COBRA doesn't even exist...except on video. DeCOBRAy is the public image of the shadowy COBRA Commander, a mysterious masked man who plans to take over the world and believes mankind is doomed. He doesn't look like much, but this man is scary and quite powerful.
Destro - He learned the hard way not to go up against COBRA. Arms dealer James McCullen started M.A.R.S. Industries to compete with COBRA....until COBRA took it over by force. COBRA Commander makes Destro wear a metal mask that he can never remove. The Commander also uses Destro's tech skills and weapon designs to keep COBRA strong. Now Destro's just itching for revenge.
Baroness - The woman behind COBRA Industries' friendly public face is really a cruel cover-up artist in charge of hiding COBRA's true goal of world domination. Anastasia Cisarovna is also a femme fatale and a corporate saboteur. She'll stop at nothing to silence witnesses and tie up dangerous loose ends.
Doctor Mindbender - He's the young mad genius in charge of COBRA's secret Bio Viper program. Dr. Brian Bender, aka Doctor Mindbender, is crazy—as in completely nuts—about genetics, mutation, and cloning. So what if his experiments are totally dangerous...and super illegal? He's got attitude to spare and weapons of mass destruction to create.
Storm Shadow - Tomisaburo Aarshikage once trained with Snake Eyes under his uncle the Hard Master (the head of the Arashikage clan). But when their sensei was murdered, Tomisaburo blamed Snake Eyes and swore to get revenge. So when the Baroness offered incredible power to the now criminal Arashikage clan, Storm Shadow became a COBRA assassin....and bodyguard to COBRA Commander himself. When he is informed about the G.I. Joe team that Snake Eyes is a part of making the news, Storm Shadow trails them to Snake Eyes' hidden dojo and captures Jinx upon taking down the G.I. Joe team.
Major Bludd - Major Sebastian Bludd is a mercenary hired by the Baroness to eliminate ex-Cobra Industeries employee turned Anti-Cobra internet blogger Alvin Kibbey when a mail bomb plot (meant for Kibbey) is foiled by the Renegades. In his first encounter with the Joes, Major Bludd lacks his signature eye patch; both eyes are intact. Bludd locates his target, but Kibbey is saved by the Renegades. Bludd tracks them to a SSS mart warehouse (part of Cobra illegal weapons business) and manages to hit Kibbey with a knife seemingly killing him. Fortunately, the knife hits Kibbey's backpack and not him, but it hit the stole Cobra scanner it contained. Bludd is caught in the warehouse explosion caused by Kibbey's rewired mail bomb when he returned the bomb back to it's sender. But he survives and reports to Baroness that he has elminated his target. As he holds his injured left eye, Major Bludd tells Baroness that he will do any job to take on the Renegades for free (as he blames them for his new injury). It is likely that he (this time wearing his signature eye patch) will make another appearence as the Joe's enemy.
Scrap-Iron -
Dreadnoks - The Dreadnoks are a biker gang that are allied with Cobra. 
Zartan - Zartan is the leader of the Dreadnoks.
Tomax and Xamot -
Bio Viper - The Bio Vipers are liquidated monsters created by Doctor Mindbender from experimented plants. After Doctor Mindbender's lab was blown up, one Bio Viper managed to survive and make its way to a farm town. The Bio-Vipers show weaknesses to explosions and weed killer.

 Other Characters

General Clayton Abernathy - Don't think he's weak because he walks with a cane. General Clayton Abernathy is tough as nails. He doesn't totally trust COBRA and feels something is wrong. When he got a call from Scarlett about what she learned, General Abernathy tells her that her team made the front news. When Duke claims they were set up, General Abernathy tells them to turn themselves in because unless they have proof of their innocence, he can't help them. General Abernathy then appointed Flint to lead a team of military officers to bring Duke in.
Jinx - Kimi Arashikage is the daughter of Hard Master (the leader of the Arashikage ninja clan) and cousin of Tomisaburo Arashikage (the ninja known as Storm Shadow). After the death of her father, Kimi and Snake Eyes left the clan and relocated to a cabin in the mountains. As Snake Eyes' first apperentice in ninjistu, she calls herself "Jinx"[2] because she seems to bring only bad luck to those around her.

homepage:- http://www.hubworld.com/gi-joe/shows/renegades

IMDB http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1794125/

Join us at #Cartoon_Palace on irc.cartoonpalace.info for more Cartoons and Anime.
 
http://www.cartoonpalace.info/