Kaixo, Hello, Sali Zämä !!!
Here is another great classic from my mother's CD collection. Today it's "Hola & Chau" two live albums from Argentina's famous Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. Artwork scans,cue,log and m3u are included.

Some Information about Los Fabulosos Cadillacs from Güiqipedia:
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs is an Argentine ska band from Buenos Aires. Formed in 1985, they released their first album, Bares y Fondas (Bars and Boardinghouses) in 1986. Since then they have released fourteen more albums. They are one of the most influential and most-referenced rock bands of the Latin rock world.

The band's sound is a mix of rock, ska, jazz, folk, reggae, funk and big band. The lineup has changed throughout the years, but the core members have always been the co-founders: singer Gabriel Fernandez Capello (known as Vicentico) and bassist Flavio Cianciarulo (known as Sr. Flavio). Vicentico and Sr. Flavio have done the majority of the songwriting and lyrics as well. Saxist Sergio Rotman, Drummer Fernando Ricciardi and keyboardist Mario Siperman have also been featured in all lineups of the band.

The band, which collaborated with some music stars such as Mick Jones, Debbie Harry, Celia Cruz, Rubén Blades and Fishbone, received the MTV Latino Video Music Award in 1994 for the single "El Matador", in what probably was the peak of popularity of the band. The song made an appearance on the soundtracks for the movies Grosse Pointe Blank and The Matador. On September 29 of that year they produced an MTV Unplugged concert. The Cadillacs also won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album, and were nominated in the 2000 Latin Grammy Awards for Best Band and Best Music Video ("La Vida"), which received the now-defunct International Viewer's Choice Award (Southern Region) at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards.

And here is some REAL IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
This is the one and only way how to prepare the real Marianito preparao as it has to be on sunday morning after church:
Give about five or six ice cubes into a jar
now a litlle hint of Angostura over the ice (0,5 cl)
add some fine quality gin and Red Curaçao (1cl of each)
now add Martini Rosso (10cl)
stir it , NEVER AND IN NO WAY THINK ABOUT SHAKING HIM !!!!!!
pour it with filtering the ice into two cocktailglasses
add a piece of orange skin lightly pressed over each of the Marianitos preparaos.
Enjoy with some Olives or caracoliños. And thank the lord that you are so lucky to live in Bilbao, the center of the universe where they make the best of them. AMEN


Please don't be upsetted if the download may take a while: I can only upload with a speed of about 200 KBit/s. Blame Euskaltel and or the basque and especially the spanish government for it !!!!!

Have also a look on other torrents I've posted and feel free to place a comment or a feedback. I would be very glad about. Eskerrik asko ! Thank you!