Power Translator Euro Edition 14 Multilanguage [Original] 
 
Applications : Windows : English

[img]http://www.lec.com/images/boxes/PT14_Euro_medium.jpg[/img]
Power Translator helps grow businesses by providing more access to technical subjects and business documents. It is the most advanced version of our economical desktop software line.

Translate letters, emails, chats, and blogs
Translate from any program effortlessly
Accurate, fast, flexible
 
Languages
Translate between multiple languages with one software package: English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish and Russian.

Online Translation

With Power Translator, you also get an introductory subscription to Translate DotNet, with its easy-to-use desktop toolbar.
With Power Translator Euro you get:

3 month Translate DotNet subscription, valued at $120.00

Our subscription services give you online access to all the languages that LEC supports— more than 300 language pairs. After your initial subscription expires, you may resubscribe to one or more language pairs for as little as $5 per month. You do not need to resubscribe to continue to use Power Translator from your desktop.
Power Translator Euro includes LEC’s advanced user interfaces:

LogoTrans translates text that you type, paste, or drop.
ClipTrans translates any text that is selected and copied.
Quick Start Program. Details:
FileTrans translates ‘text only’, Microsoft Word, HTML, RTF, PDF, and XML files.
Dictionary is used to create and browse dictionaries. Details:
Specialized Dictionaries Details:
Automatic Language Identification Details:

New Features and Improvements

Greater speed and accuracy Details:
Speech-to-text Details:
Text-to-Speech Details:
Hover Translation Details:
Translate Selection Details:
Text Capture Details:

Image File Translation With OCR

Power Translator Euro comes bundled with our OCR Addon. Using advanced OCR (optical character recognition) technology licensed from industry leader Abbyy©, FileTrans recognizes and translates scanned documents, PDFs and digital camera images all in one step. Details:

Which version is right for you? - comparison chart

Requirements:
Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7
60-505 MB for single language
410-1155 MB for multi-language versions 