Health At Every Size: The Surprising Truth About Your Weight (2nd Edition)
By Linda Bacon
BenBella Books|  May 2010 | ISBN-10: 1935618253 | PDF | 400 pages | 14.6 mb

Fat isn’t the problem. Dieting is the problem. A society that rejects anyone whose body shape or size doesn’t match an impossible ideal is the problem. A medical establishment that equates “thin” with “healthy” is the problem.
The solution?
Health at Every Size.
Tune in to your body’s expert guidance. Find the joy in movement. Eat what you want, when you want, choosing pleasurable foods that help you to feel good. You too can feel great in your body right now—and Health at Every Size will show you how.
Health at Every Size has been scientifically proven to boost health and self-esteem. The program was evaluated in a government-funded academic study, its data published in well-respected scientific journals.
Updated with the latest scientific research and even more powerful messages, Health at Every Size is not a diet book, and after reading it, you will be convinced the best way to win the war against fat is to give up the fight.

About the Author
Linda Bacon, Ph.D., earned her doctorate in physiology, specializing in weight regulation, from the University of California, Davis. She also holds graduate degrees in psychology, specializing in eating disorders and body image, and exercise science, specializing in metabolism, and has professional experience as a researcher, clinical psychotherapist, exercise physiologist and educator.
Dr. Bacon is currently an associate nutritionist at the University of California, Davis and the lead investigator for a clinical research study that evaluates the Health at Every Size program, co-sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. She is also a nutrition professor in the biology department at City College of San Francisco. Additionally, she maintains a private practice, advising individuals, health care professionals and institutions on strategies for implementing the Health at Every Size program.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Dedication xvii
Preface xix
Introduction 1
Part 1: Deconstructing Weight 9
Chapter 1: We're Wired to Maintain a Healthy Weight 11
Chapter 2: We're Emotionally Starved 31
Chapter 3: We Resist Weight Loss 43
Chapter 4: We're Eternally Hungry 67
Chapter 5: We're Victims of Food Politics 101
Chapter 6: We're Victims of Fat Politics 123
Part 2: Health at Every Size 159
Chapter 7: The Story Behind the Health at Every Size Program 161
Chapter 8: Respect Yourself, Body and Soul 173
Chapter 9: Take Care of Your Hungers 193
Chapter 10: Live Well 215
Chapter 11: Change Your Tastes 235
Chapter 12: Solving the Weight "Problem" 257
Appendix 271
Acknowledgments 331
References 335
Index 367
About Linda Bacon, PhD 373