One of China 's few female directors, Xiao Jiang, makes her debut with this heart-warming melodrama about movies, the Cultural Revolution, mothers and daughters. If you're the kind of person who likes to settle down with one of those gigantic, multi-generational novels, then this movie was made for you. Mao Da-bing (Xia Yu) is a water delivery guy in modern day Beijing , and he scrapes his microscopic salary together so he can escape into the movies as often as possible. One day in an alley he bumps into a young woman who picks up a brick and slams him over the head with it. At the hospital no one can get her to talk, and Mao is seething with righteous indignation over this random, ridiculous and extremely painful incident. So he's surprised to find himself doing her a favor, but that's how he winds up in her apartment feeding her fish while she's getting locked up in the local loony bin.

He discovers that her apartment is a shrine to 1930's actress Zhou Xuan, and he discovers the brick-wielding young woman's diary. Which, of course, he immediately reads. At this point the movie flashes back to rural Ningxia province, during the Cultural Revolution, and it tells the story of the woman, her mother, and how the movies kept them alive during one of the bleakest eras in Chinese history. A complicated mystery (who is this woman? Why'd she hit him with a brick? What happened to her family?) this is also a CINEMA PARADISO for Chinese film, and it reminds us that no matter how bad things get or how hopeless they may seem, there's always the movies.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0424273/

Directed by: Jiang Xiao

Cast: Yu Xia, Haibin Li, Yijing Zhang, Zhongyang Qi, Zhengjia Wang

Country.........China
Language.......Mandarin
Year...........2004
Genre..........Drama
Runtime........1hr35min
Resolution.....592x320
Video..........896Kbps XviD
Audio..........128Kbps MP3
Frame rate.....25Fps
Subtitles......English/Spanish .srt and Chinese .sub/idx

Jiang Xiao - Meng ying tong nian [Electric shadows] (2004)