 http://bayimg.com/fAEhIaADj

The Lords of Flatbush (1974)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071772/

The Lords of Flatbush is a 1974 American drama film about a street gang in leather jackets from the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.

Directed by Martin Davidson and Stephen Verona, The Lords of Flatbush is a low budget film starring Perry King, Henry Winkler and Sylvester Stallone (who also wrote additional dialog).

A portion of this film was shot in Stamford, Connecticut. The wedding scenes were filmed in an area of town called Cove on Dale Street. Exterior scenes were shot at Samuel J. Tilden High School in the East Flatbush section of Brooklyn.

  Perry King  ...  Chico Tyrell  
  Sylvester Stallone  ...  Stanley Rosiello  
  Henry Winkler  ...  Butchey Weinstein  
  Paul Mace  ...  Wimpy Murgalo  
  Susan Blakely  ...  Jane Bradshaw  
  Maria Smith  ...  Frannie Malincanico  
  Renee Paris  ...  Annie Yuckamanelli (as Reneé Paris)  
  Paul Jabara  ...  Crazy Cohen  
  Bruce Reed  ...  Mike Mambo  
  Frank Stiefel  ...  Arnie Levine  
  Martin Davidson  ...  Mr. Birnbaum  
  Joe Stern  ...  Eddie  
  Ruth Klinger  ...  Mrs. Tyrell  
  Joan Neuman  ...  Miss Molina  
  Dolph Sweet  ...  Mr. Rosiello  

Director Stephen Verona (Boardwalk) took less than $100,000 and a 16 mm camera and made his movie. When he needed to reshoot scenes and didn't have the money he raised more money from everyone he could; including his own mother and dentist. Compared to a couple indie directors now it seems like he had a lot of money, but then he had a cast that actually had to get paid. Ironically the "name" actor they had at the time, and who actually got the most screen time was Perry King, known then for Slaughterhouse Five and later for The Killing Hour and TV's Melrose Place. He was surrounded by then unknowns Sylvester Stallone (Rocky, Rambo,ad nauseum), Henry Winkler (The Waterboy, Heroes, Happy Days), Paul Mace (Paradise Alley), and Susan Blakely (The Towering Inferno, and a hundred TV jobs). Paul Mace died young in 1983 so he never got the level of fame the others received in varying degrees.

Chico (King), Stanley (Stallone), Butchey (Winkler), and Wimpy (Mace) are a group of Brooklyn misfits in a gang (a "social athletic club," how quaint) called the Lords. Leather jackets and ducktails make up for any sense of direction or motivation among these characters as they meander through high school, girls, and the soda shop. The fact that Winkler got his pivotal role as the Fonz on Happy Days that year has to be attributed to seeing him first in this film.

A small masterpiece that places the mood and general ethos of the '50s with absolute precision and total affection. The Lords are a teenage high school leather gang in Brooklyn - or as they winningly call themselves, 'a social and athletic club'. The film observes their relationships and muffed sexual encounters over some months in 1958, the year one of their number gets married. Verona and Davidson direct superbly - the film's silences are every bit as telling as the perfectly judged dialogue - and it is shot and edited with a welcome degree of wit. Above all, the characters are all real, rather than academic or sentimental recreations. (The title is rendered on screen as The Lord's of Flatbush.)

