presenting s n e a k _ s h o t





release date:18-05-2011


description:


le III is the third video game in the Fable series of action role-playing games (RPG) developed by Lionhead Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360. It focuses on the player's struggle to overthrow the King of Albion by forming alliances and building support for a revolution. After a successful revolt, the player becomes the monarch and can then lead Albion in whichever direction they please. The game was released on Xbox 360 in 2010 and from May 17th 2011, it will ship on both Games For Windows and Steam, allowing PC players to experience the world of Albion in the franchise's third outing. The PC version will include a Hardcore mode and 3D functionality not found in the Xbox 360 version. 


Fable III is set 50 years after the events of Fable II on the continent of Albion where the Fable II series is set. The old monarch, the hero of Fable II, has died and left the Kingdom of Albion to Logan, the player's older brother. Some characters allude to how Logan has "changed" in the last four years, and is excessively tyrannical now. After a traumatic event that Logan forces upon the player, they escape Logan's castle along with their mentor, Sir Walter Beck and their servant, Jasper (voiced by John Cleese). The player then starts to gather allies to aid in a revolution against Logan. The allies they gain include the "Dwellers," a nomadic community that lives in the mountains; Major Swift and Ben Finn from the Royal Army in command of a remote fort; Page, the leader of the "Bowerstone Resistance"; and Kalin, the leader of Aurora, a desert land across the ocean. When attempting to gain the support of Kalin, the hero learns that a creature called the "Crawler, ruler of the Darkness," the forces of the Darkness which have already devastated Aurora, intends to exterminate all life in the Kingdom of Albion. It is revealed that Logan's reason for treating his people so harshly is to raise money for an army to defend against the Crawler.




The player then leads a coup d'état and becomes the King/Queen, at which point the player is given the choice to keep the promises made to those who aided in the revolution at great expense to the treasury, or betray those promises in order to raise money for the defense of Albion through industrialization and using natural resources. The player can also utilize the treasury money for personal purposes, or use personal money in the treasury. The player can use the kingdoms money to invest in property or waste. If the player chooses to be a "great" ruler, the treasury will be vastly drained and the only way the player can offset this is by transferring several million gold from their personal funds to the treasury. With 6,500,000 gold in the treasury at the time of the Crawler attack, the player will be able to fully fund an army that can successfully defend the entire kingdom. With no money in the treasury and thus no army to defend Albion, the civilian casualties inflicted by the Crawler's attack amount to 6,500,000. If this happens, the world will be largely absent of civilians upon completion of the main quest. If the player passes lots of time by sleeping, plebeians will start to return, but they will react hostilely to the monarch's presence, regardless of whether they previously acted as a benevolent or evil ruler. However if the player raises money to fund the army through exploitation or tom-foolery, then they will be hated regardless of if the kingdom was saved. The player can also take on the extreme evil morph



seed comment n enjoy!!!...