P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! !


Release Date  :  26/12/2010                Protection  :  Activation
Release Type  :  RIP 39x10.00MB            Company     :  Telltale Games


Release Notes:

Marty McFly and Doc Brown return in a completely new Back to the         
Future adventure.                                                        
                                                                            
Six months after the events of the third film, the DeLorean Time         
Machine mysteriously returns to Hill Valley — driverless! Marty must     
go back in time and get aid from a resistant teenage Emmett Brown, or    
else the space time continuum will forever be unraveled!                 
                                                                            
Play as Marty in a cinematic adventure true to the films                 
                                                                            
Collaboration with Bob Gale Film Trilogy Co-Creator/Co-Writer            
                                                                            
New Back to the Future story in 5 monthly episodes.                      
                                                                            
Back to the Future's "first families." The McFly’s, the Browns, and      
of course, the Tannens - all play key roles.                             
                                                                            
This is Episode 1: It’s About Time                                       
                                                                            
RIPPED: Nothing 


Install Notes:
         
1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
2. Install by running bttf_101_setup.exe                                 
3. Copy cracked content from the included Unleashed folder and overwrite 
4. Start game                                                            
5. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
PROPER Notes:                                                            
                                                                            
TE's release couldn't neither save or load saves!                        
                                                                            
Remember to support quality games!  



Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 
     