Book at Bedtime The House of Silk read by Derek Jacobi (10 episodes). Abridged by Jane Marshall.
Producer: Jane Marshall
A Jane Marshall production for BBC Radio 4.



Synopsis:
Derek Jacobi reads the new, page turning Sherlock Holmes mystery by best selling author Anthony Horowitz. It is the first such project to be endorsed by the Conan Doyle Estate.

Once again, THE GAME'S AFOOT...

London, 1890. 221B Baker St. A fine art dealer named Edmund Carstairs visits Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson to beg for their help. He is being menaced by a strange man in a flat cap - a wanted criminal who seems to have followed him all the way from America. In the days that follow, his home is robbed, his family is threatened. And then the first murder takes place.

Almost unwillingly, Holmes and Watson find themselves being drawn ever deeper into an international conspiracy connected to the teeming criminal underworld of Boston, the gaslit streets of London, opium dens and much, much more. And as they dig, they begin to hear the whispered phrase-the House of Silk-a mysterious entity that connects the highest levels of government to the deepest depths of criminality. Holmes begins to fear that he has uncovered a conspiracy that threatens to tear apart the very fabric of society.

The Arthur Conan Doyle Estate chose the celebrated, #1 New York Times bestselling author Anthony Horowitz to write The House of Silk because of his proven ability to tell a transfixing story and for his passion for all things Holmes. Destined to become an instant classic, The House of Silk brings Sherlock Holmes back with all the nuance, pacing, and almost superhuman powers of analysis and deduction that made him the world's greatest detective, in a case depicting events too shocking, too monstrous to ever appear in print...until now.



Episode 1:
Some hundred years after the death of Sherlock Holmes, a manuscript has been discovered in the vaults of Cox and Co in Charing Cross. It recounts the events of a 'missing' Sherlock Holmes case, a case written up by Dr Watson for the sake of completing the Holmes canon but considered by him to be too shocking to be published in his lifetime. Only now can the full story be told...

Episode 2:
Sherlock Holmes has been consulted by London art dealer Edmund Carstairs.

A notorious Boston gang has inadvertently destroyed four valuable paintings during the course of a train robbery. Carstairs persuaded a wealthy American benefactor to fund a reward for the capture of the Flat Cap Gang, but during the manhunt, one of the leaders of the gang was killed. Now Carstairs is being watched by a man in a flat cap and he fears that the gangster's twin has followed him to London to exact revenge.

Episode 3:
The man who has been terrorising Edmund Carstairs has been found dead in a hotel room, but who, Sherlock Holmes wonders, killed him and why? And did the young boy Ross, who is one of the Baker Street Irregulars, and who was watching the hotel on the night of the murder, see more than he is letting on?

Episode 4:
One of Sherlock Holmes' young informants has gone missing. Concerned for his safety the detective has visited Chorley Grange School for Boys, the institution from which Ross ran away earlier in the year. Though the headmaster has no idea where his young charge has run to, one of Ross's friends recalls that he had a sister who worked at a public house called The Bag of Nails.

Episode 5:
Holmes and Watson are on the trail of the mysteriously named House of Silk. Unable to find any information about what it is or where it can be found, Holmes reluctantly turns to the only person he knows who is possibly even better informed and better connected than he himself, his brother Mycroft.

Episode 6:
Acting on a tip off, Sherlock Holmes has gone to an opium den in Limehouse. Whilst Watson is waiting in a public house nearby, he hears a gunshot and rushes outside to find Sally Dixon lying dead in the street. Lying unconscious beside her, with a gun in his hand, is none other than the famous detective Sherlock Holmes.

Episode 7:
Sherlock Holmes has been arrested on suspicion of murdering the very girl who was most likely to be able to provide an answer to the conundrum of the House of Silk.

Whilst Watson sits at Baker Street wondering what to do, he is surprised to receive a visit from Catherine Carstairs, the wife of the art dealer who set this whole investigation in motion. And he tries to find a link between the death of the girl in Limehouse, the death of the man in the flat cap in a Bermondsey Hotel and the destruction of four valuable paintings by a notorious Boston Gang.

Episode 8:
Dr Watson has been abducted from the street and taken to an unknown address where a man who refused to identify himself warned him that Holmes' life is in grave danger; that the people who wish to keep the House of Silk a secret won't let his case come to court, and that the order has already been given that he must not leave prison alive.

Armed with the key to his friend's cell, Watson makes an appointment to visit the famous detective in the House of Correction.

Episode 9:
The headmaster of Chorley Grange School for Boys has given Watson a flyer that was hidden in a book which belonged to the dead boy, Ross. The advertisement is for Dr Silkins' House of Wonders. Convinced he has finally found the House of Silk, Watson gives it to Holmes who has newly escaped from jail, and the two make their way to Jackdaw Lane

Episode 10:
Sherlock Holmes has exposed the dreadful secret of the House of Silk. But still it isn't clear what links the house of ill repute to the destruction of the paintings by the Flat Cap Gang in Boston and the murder of the man in the flat cap at the hotel in Bermondsey. And so he returns to where the case began, at the home of the art dealer, Edmund Carstairs, in Wimbledon.



-------- File Information ---------
Broadcast: BBC R4: 08 to 19 Nov 2011
MPEG 1.0 Layer 3 - 128 kbps mp3 – 44 khz - Joint Stereo
Duration: 140 Mins (Each episode approx 14 Mins)
Captured with Radio Downloaded, topped & tailed with mp3DirectCut


Enjoy and Seed!!