DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

The definitive, up-to-date guide to planning, configuring, and administering Cisco call processing and voice messaging.
This book brings together all the hands-on knowledge you need to successfully configure and administer Cisco’s flagship IP voice systems, including Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM), Unity, and Unity Connection. Fully updated for the new CUCM, Unity, and Unity Connection, version 8, it presents step-by-step procedures for every common and complex task that installers, integrators, and administrators will encounter.
 
Long-time Cisco voice implementer and instructor David Bateman begins with clear, well-organized explanations of Cisco Voice over IP technology, including its key functions and devices. Next, he guides you through preparation and deployment, including configuring CUCM for maximum performance, removing DNS dependencies, defining enterprise parameters, configuring regions, and enforcing security.
 
The author presents quick access, step-by-step solutions for dozens of post-deployment tasks, each with thorough instructions and cross-references to prerequisite tasks wherever needed. He demonstrates how to integrate features to create more powerful IP voice systems, thoroughly introduces Cisco’s new management interface, and provides extensive coverage of the latest feature enhancements.
 
David Bateman is a certified Cisco instructor, CCNA, and director of curriculum development for Skyline-ATS. He has 20+ years of internetworking experience, including more than a decade as a senior LAN/WAN engineer in networks serving up to 5,000 users. He then ran the business operations of a technical services company while maintaining his existing networking client base. David has taught and implemented Cisco voice technologies since 2000. He authored this book’s first edition, and co-authored CCNA Voice Exam Cram.  
 
Establish a foundation for CUCM: configure services, set enterprise parameters, register devices, and more
Add gateways and client devices
Create dial plans, including route patterns, route lists, route groups, CTI route points, translation patterns, and route filters
Configure Class of Service (CoS) and Call Admission Control
Implement IP phone service, media resources, and Extension Mobility
Prepare to deploy Unity/Connection: verify integration; define system parameters; and create templates, distribution lists, and CoS
Add, import, and manage users
Make the most of Unity/Connection call management, from basic auto-attendant to advanced routing rules and audio-text
Integrate legacy voicemail systems
Master Unity/Connection’s key administrative tools and utilities
Use time-of-day routing, call queuing, and other advanced features
 
This IP communications book is part of the Cisco Press® Networking Technology Series. IP communications titles from Cisco Press help networking professionals understand voice and IP telephony technologies, plan and design converged networks, and implement network solutions for increased productivity.
 