
Total Training for Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended: Essentials is learning the way it needs to be; informative and engaging with fast results.

Follow along with real-world techniques, and time-saving tips presented in a clear, concise manner that put the power of the world's leading image editing software in your hands.

Includes:- Project Work Files.



Description: Total Training for Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended: Essentials is learning the way it needs to be; informative and engaging, with fast results. This series is ideal for the beginning user to learn the essentials of Photoshop, and to get up to speed on all of the major features of this powerful image editing software. 

It is also perfect for the intermediate user who needs to upgrade to this new version of Photoshop, or has skipped a version, and needs to learn the new features and interface enhancements of this latest iteration.

You'll learn by following along with professional photographer, author, image editor and teacher, Amadou Diallo, who uses Photoshop everyday in his profession. His real-world lessons, professional techniques, and time-saving tips are presented in a clear, concise manner and they will give you all the foundational knowledge you need to get exceptional results from your Photoshop projects.

By the end of this course you will have excellent beginner to intermediate skills using Photoshop CS5, which is amazing, considering how vast and powerful this software is.

Our time-tested training methods will have you comfortable using all of the key tools, palettes, and menu bars , as well as, the major features such as layers, selections, image editing, retouching, working with colorand swatches, type design, masks, and blend modes.

Once you are proficient in the foundations of Photoshop, Amadou will move on to more advanced topics and teach you how to work with vector shapes and paths, smart objects , using Adobe Bridge, the basics of Camera Raw, working with complex image layers, alpha channels, composting images, manipulating brushes, and finally outputting for printand theweb.

When you complete this course, you will have the knowledge, confidence and skill to edit your images like a professional, and you will be ready to move on to mastering advanced techniques.

If you are already competent using Photoshop and need more in-depth training try our Adobe Photoshop CS5 Advanced. 
