Bulletstorm by 0zgurd

just install and play

uses flt proper fix 

disks dvd5

size of iso is 4.35gb

just Foreignlanguages removed Thats all

tested the complete game 100%

no Degrades of videos


Game Info
Bulletstorm is a first-person shooter (FPS) in which players find
themselves stranded on a planet that although once an adult-oriented
paradise planet, is now hell incarnate, complete with savage mutants
and flesh-eating gangs. The goal is simple: survive, escape the planet
and pay back the SOB who sent you there. Additional features include
deep 2-4 player support, a wide variety of ways to defeat enemies both
large and small, an impressive arsenal of weapons and a Marvel Comics
written storyline.

Game Features
* Incredible New "Skillshot" System - Combine outrageous gunplay
with Bulletstorm's unique kick, slide and leash mechanics as you kill
with skill. Every enemy presents a new opportunity for stylish,
over-the-top and ever increasingly bloody ways to take them down.
* The Circle of Awesome - Kill with skill to rack up the points. Cash
in these points for upgrades. Use these upgrades to pull off even
bigger and better "skillshots" and earn even more points. Bulletstorm's
upgrade system truly is a circle of awesome that rewards players who
kill in the most creative ways.
* Badass Weaponry - From your trusty Peace Maker Carbine to the explosive
Flail Gun, Bulletstorm delivers an arsenal of the most inventive,
death-dealing weapons ever seen that truly put the fun back into the
First Person Shooter.
* A Pulp Sci-fi Adventure - Featuring a script by the acclaimed Marvel
Comics writer Rick Remender (The Punisher), Bulletstorm takes you on a
journey filled with plot twists and turns from betrayal to revenge and
ultimately redemption.
* A Dangerous Planet of Forgotten Paradise - Travel from scorched
desserts to tropical forests and an adult playground resort on a beautifully
realized paradise defiled, delivered by the power of the Unreal Engine


Minimum System Requirement
OS: Windows XP (SP3), Windows Vista (SP2), or Windows 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo, AMD Athlon X2, or equivalent, running at 1.6 GHz or greater
RAM: 1.5 GB
Hard Drive: 9 GB Available
Video Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible, 256 MB of VRAM; NVIDIA GeForce 7600 GS, ATI Radeon HD 2400 Pro 256 MB, or greater
Soundcard: DirectX 9.0c compatible, 16-bit
Disc Drive: 16X CD/DVD Drive
Other: Network Internet (TCP/IP) connection

enjoy the game 	