 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064840/

1GB file size - 720 X 480 DivX video at 1000k bitrate 
full 192k audio from the disc 

I thought it was perhaps about time we put up this movie from an old DVD disc
I have in my library here. 

The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie is perhaps the best known of movies of Scottish 
genre culturally speaking in its setting and theme equally speaking.

There is much to "read between the lines" as the schoolmistress (Miss Jean 
Brodie played by Ms Maggie Smith) never seems to not be speaking in a feign and
that goes for the whole lot of characters in the script here too of course.

It is entirely astounding to hear her say to young girls to whom she is
schoolteacher "It is okay to leave open a window perhaps six inches precisely
as to do anymore than that might just be in vulgar taste" - go figure!

"Well, I do not know about god, however I know about witches", says one of
the schoolgals, an attractive sort of young brunette who has an affair with
the Art teacher in whom she expresses disappointment in what are his fixations
distracting him from romantic entanglement that would be true to her idea
of competent it would seem!

"Give me a gal at an impressionable age and she is mine for life"
is essentially the motto of Miss Jean Brodie as schoolteacher - however
what she seems to be filling their minds with has her as a target for 
dismissal from her position - as she in fact is dangerous to the point of
causing death in her idea of what  is a right enough notion to teach a young 
girl who should be spared this insanity as it is nothing but that quite clearly
as all are only able to say after the worst has occured for the schoolgirl
who suffers the ultimate fate while "on a train" at the suggestion of her 
mentor.

Having been British schooled myself I much enjoyed the show.

Subtitles were not easy to be found at this point, we got you the English close
captioned srt from the disc and the Spanish converted too. The French was not
usable. We also found Serbian and Russian too- There is an English template to
prduce an SRT for any other language of your choice, so please join in with the seed if you wish.

DVD extras include snapshots from the production set and theme music instr mp3.

cheers!

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

 
