The Great Ideas of Philosophy, 2nd Edition

Professor Daniel N. Robinson

Taught By Professor Daniel N. Robinson, Ph.D., City University of New York,
Philosophy Faculty, Oxford University; Distinguished Professor, Emeritus, Georgetown University

Humanity left childhood and entered the troubled but productive world when it started to criticize its own certainties and weigh the worthiness of its most secure beliefs. Thus began that "Long Debate" on the nature of truth, the scale of real values, the life one should aspire to live, the character of justice, the sources of law, the terms of civic and political life—the good, the better, the best.

The debate continues, and one remains aloof to it at a very heavy price, for "the unexamined life is not worth living."

This course of 60 lectures gives the student a sure guide and interpreter as the major themes within the Long Debate are presented and considered. The persistent themes are understood as problems:

The problem of knowledge, arising from concerns as to how or whether we come to know anything, and are justified in our belief that this knowledge is valid and sound
The problem of conduct, arising from the recognition that our actions, too, require some sort of justification in light of our moral and ethical sensibilities—or lack of them
The problem of governance, which includes an understanding of sources of law and its binding nature.
The great speculators of history have exhausted themselves on these problems and have bequeathed to us a storehouse of insights, some so utterly persuasive as to have shaped thought itself. In these coherent and beautifully articulated lectures you will hear Plato and Aristotle, the Stoics and Epicureans, the Scholastic philosophers and the leaders of Renaissance thought.

In addition, you will learn about the architects of the Age of Newton and the Enlightenment that followed in its wake—all this, as well as Romanticism and Continental thought, Nietzsche and Darwin, Freud and William James. This course is a veritable banquet of enriching reflection on mental life and the acts of humanity that proceed from it: the plans and purposes, the values and beliefs, the possibilities and vulnerabilities.

A Great Teacher

This course is the integration of a lifelong student of these issues who has thought and published in every area covered by these lectures. Professor Robinson is one of those rare teachers whose tremendous respect for his audience, vast expertise, relish for language, and engaging rhetorical flair create an exceptionally enjoyable learning environment.

Dr. Robinson's lectures make the ideas of philosophy thrilling, passionate, human, and divine. Customers agree: "Professor Robinson explains multiple disciplines like no one since Aristotle. His scope is awesome. A professor's professor." Another writes: "Enjoying these tapes is one of the most rewarding experiences of my life at this time."

Course Lecture Titles

1.	From the Upanishads to Homer
2.	 Philosophy—Did the Greeks Invent It?
3.	 Pythagoras and the Divinity of Number
4.	What Is There?
5.	 The Greek Tragedians on Man’s Fate
6.	 Herodotus and the Lamp of History
7.	 Socrates on the Examined Life
8.	Plato's Search For Truth
9.	 Can Virtue Be Taught?
10.	Plato's Republic—Man Writ Large
11.	 Hippocrates and the Science of Life
12.	Aristotle on the Knowable
13.	 Aristotle on Friendship
14.	 Aristotle on the Perfect Life
15.	Rome, the Stoics, and the Rule of Law
16.	The Stoic Bridge to Christianity
17.	Roman Law—Making a City of the Once-Wide World
18.	The Light Within—Augustine on Human Nature
19.	 Islam
20.	 Secular Knowledge—The Idea of University
21.	The Reappearance of Experimental Science
22.	 Scholasticism and the Theory of Natural Law
23.	The Renaissance—Was There One?
24.	Let Us Burn the Witches to Save Them
25.	 Francis Bacon and the Authority of Experience
26.	 Descartes and the Authority of Reason
27.	 Newton—The Saint of Science
28.	Hobbes and the Social Machine
29.	 Locke’s Newtonian Science of the Mind
30.	No matter? The Challenge of Materialism
31.	 Hume and the Pursuit of Happiness
32.	 Thomas Reid and the Scottish School
33.	 France and the Philosophes
34.	The Federalist Papers and the Great Experiment
35.	 What Is Enlightenment? Kant on Freedom
36.	 Moral Science and the Natural World
37.	 Phrenology—A Science of the Mind
38.	 The Idea of Freedom
39.	 The Hegelians and History
40.	 The Aesthetic Movement—Genius
41.	 Nietzsche at the Twilight
42.	The Liberal Tradition—J. S. Mill
43.	 Darwin and Nature’s “Purposes”
44.	Marxism—Dead But Not Forgotten
45.	 The Freudian World
46.	 The Radical William James
47.	 William James's Pragmatism
48.	 Wittgenstein and the Discursive Turn
49.	 Alan Turing in the Forest of Wisdom
50.	 Four Theories of the Good Life
51.	 Ontology—What There "Really" Is
52.	 Philosophy of Science—The Last Word?
53.	 Philosophy of Psychology and Related Confusions
54.	 Philosophy of Mind, If There Is One
55.	 What makes a Problem "Moral"
56.	 Medicine and the Value of Life
57.	 On the Nature of Law
58.	 Justice and Just Wars
59.	 Aesthetics—Beauty Without Observers
60.	 God—Really?