How Did They Do That? - Caroline Sutton

The totally satisfying answers to more than 100 questions that drive normal people - not to mention infomaniacs and trivia buffs - crazy.
- Questions about matters great and small, from ancient times to yesterday.
- Illustrated with illuminating technical drawings and unusual vintage photographs.
How did they spend $40 million making Heaven's Gate?
How did they decide the length of a mile?
How did Beethoven compose when he was deaf?
How did they discover the Hope diamond?
How did they know the size of the Earth over 1,700 years before anyone sailed around it?
How did they set the price of the Louisiana Purchase?
How did the FBI devise the "Ten Most Wanted" list?
How did they decide which horses were Thoroughbreds?
How did they pick the Four Hundred?
How did they start the Guiness Book of World Records?
How did the Indians decide that cows were sacred?
How did they discover penicillin?
How did they build the Great Pyramid at Giza?
How did they decide how tall to make the Empire State Building?
How did they know there was an El Dorado?
How did they start the Chicago fire of 1871?
How did Hannibal cross the Alps?


Dr. Joe & What You Didn't Know: 177 Fascinating Questions About the Chemistry of Everyday Life – Dr. Joe Schwarcz

From Beethoven's connection to plumbing to why rotten eggs smell like sulfur, the technical explanations included in this scientific primer tackle 99 chemistry-related questions and provide answers designed to inform and entertain. What jewelry metal is prohibited in some European countries? What does Miss Piggy have to do with the World Cup? How can a cockroach be removed from a human ear? The quirky information offered incorporates scientific savvy, practical advice, and amusing anecdotes.


Dr. Joe's Brain Sparks: 179 Inspiring and Enlightening Inquiries Into the Science of Everyday Life - Dr. Joe Schwarcz

Prepare to be amazed once again.
Did you know what when you shake a ketchup bottle you're practicing thixotropy? That the ancient Greeks made themselves look less ancient by inventing moisturizer? That the mysterious drug obecalp* is as effective as homeopathy and many herbal cures? From the bestselling author of An Apple a Day, Brain Fuel, and Science, Sense and Nonsense comes a fresh batch of inquiries into the science of everyday life. Dr. Joe, as he is affectionately known to millions of readers, listeners, viewers, and students, presents his third book in the Doubleday Canada series he launched with Brain Fuel.
Using a Q&A; format, it explains the world through science, and science through our common experience. There are sections on diet and nutrition, new drugs, and the dubious claims made for alternative remedies and beauty potions. There is a profusion of inspiring, enlightening, sometime just downright bizarre information drawn from the laboratory, from history, from our medicine cabinets and the bottles under our sinks. Science is everywhere, and Dr. Joe is keeping track - and doing it in a marvelously warm, eminently readable style. Let the brain sparks fly!
*Try reading this word backwards.

Enjoy and seed