Steven Schild MD, "Thoracic Malignancies (Radiation Medicine Rounds Volume 1 Issue 1)"
 Publisher: Demos Medical | 2010 | ISBN: 1933864893 | PDF | 264 pages | 2.8 MB

 Thoracic Malignancies:
 Thoracic Malignancies is the first title in Radiation Medicine Rounds. These tumors take more lives than any others and they are among the most preventable of tumors. Thus it is crucial for the practitioner to be up-to-date on the latest insights regarding their management.
 Thoracic Malignancies addresses the multi-disciplinary nature of the care of these tumors. There is representation from radiation oncology, medical oncology, and surgery ensuring a well-rounded summarization of current practice. Included are chapters on lung cancer, esophageal cancer, and thymomas providing coverage of the vast majority of thoracic tumors. The multi-disciplinary nature of the articles provides readers with an up-to-date summary and a well-rounded review regarding these tumors and their care. Expert authors provide reviews and assessments of the most recent data and its implications for current clinical practice, along with insights into emerging new trends of importance for the near future.
 About the Series
 Radiation Medicine Rounds is an invited review publication providing a thorough analysis of new scientific, technologic, and clinical advances in all areas of radiation medicine. There is an emphasis throughout on multidisciplinary approaches to the specialty, as well as on quality and outcomes analysis.
 Published three times a year Radiation Medicine Rounds provides authoritative, thorough assessments of a wide range of "hot topics" and emerging new data for the entire specialty of radiation medicine.
 Features of Radiation Medicine Rounds include:
 Editorial board of nationally recognized experts across the spectrum of radiation medicine
 In-depth, up-to-date expert reviews and analysis of major new developments in all areas of Radiation Medicine
 Issues edited by an authority in specific subject area
 Focuses on major topics in Radiation Medicine with in-depth articles covering advances in radiation science radiation medicine technology, radiation medicine practice, and assessment of recent quality and outcomes studies
 Emphasizes multidisciplinary approaches to research and practice