Mac Wiseman - On Susan's Floor [1965-1979] 4CD 

Bear Family Records. Release: 2006.



4-CD Box Set, LP-size with 60-page hardcover book. 114 home of Bluegrass reissues! We did it first...and we do it best! Now here's the second installment of our MAC WISEMAN retrospective, including his ultra-rare recordings for Dot, Rural Rhythm, MGM, RCA, Churchill, and his own Wise Records! Backing musicians include the Osborne Brothers and Bluegrass stalwarts like Josh Graves ... all in top form! Photos from Mac himself, photographer Les Leverett and a detailed interview bring this amazing period of Bluegrass history to life! -- These were, in many ways, MAC WISEMAN's golden years. He was bringing his music to a worldwide audience and recording many of the songs for which he became well known at home and overseas. This 4-CD retrospective of his career from 1965 to 1979 begins with his ultra-rare Canadian LP for his own Wise Records, featuring his first recordings of 'Molly Bawn' and 'Bringing Mary Home'. Then within the space of a few weeks he recorded a 20-song LP of vintage country, bluegrass, and folk songs for Rural Rhythm together with three conceptualized LPs for Dot, including a bluegrass LP with the OSBORNE BROTHERS. All are here complete, reissued for the first time. -- After one single on MGM, Mac signed a long-term contract with RCA, and was produced by the legendary Cowboy Jack Clement. Under Jack's guidance, he recorded songs like 'On Susan's Floor', 'It Rains Just The Same In Missouri', and 'Wrinkled Crinkled Wadded Dollar Bill' as well as novelty songs like 'Johnny's Cash And Charley's Pride' and 'You Can't Go In The Red Playing Bluegrass'. At the same time, Mac was recording LPs that featured the best of Nashville's new songwriters together with established favorites from long ago. -- As a postscript this box also includes Mac's recordings for Churchill Records between 1977 and 1979, featuring his hit single of 'My Blue Heaven' with big band leader Woody Herman, as well as some of the most challenging songs he ever recorded. -- Today, Mac Wiseman is one of the few survivors from the early days of bluegrass. He connects the music to the folk and parlor songs that preceded it, and sings with the same unaffected sincerity. That's why so many generations know him as THE VOICE WITH A HEART. -- In addition, this exclusive set includes 114 recordings, plus an extensive hardcover book with an essay by Colin Escott that includes interviews with Mac, as well as a complete discography and many previously unpublished photos.