This DVD takes you on a journey back in time. Hosted by Dr. Fredrick Toben, this intriguing documentary shows a little-known aspect of WWII, in which Jews at one time declared war on Germany. In response to this, many Jews were incarcerated in prison camps, similar to what America did to the Japanese. Some Germans even claim that prior to the war's end when supply lines were cut and starvation and disease was rampant, Jews were treated more humanely than the Japanese in American prison camps. See what such talk is based on. Many rare photographs, and some surprising footage showing the prison camps as they are today. American NTSC format. Region-coded "0" (everywhere). Approximately 1-hour.
 

This video details all the lies perpetrated by Zionists who have been trying to portray themselves as 'victims' of a non-existent holocaust. 

There are so many details disproving the mainstream version of the holocau$t in this video, such as: 

1. How the "6 million persecuted Jews" was an idea actually created in 1919...14 years before Hitler was even known. 

2. How Britain was used by the Zionists to coax America into the war. 

3. How the International Jews actually declared war on Germany first, and thusly were the first ones to declare war in WWII, thereby making the start of the second World War their fault. 

4. Proof is also shown that none of the camps were used to kill Jews with poison gas. 

5. Documents are shown from that time period proving that the holocau$t was a lie that was already being fabricated and spread. 

6. The so-called "death camps" which had recreational swimming pools, libraries, plumbing, an orchestra, kitchens, football fields, full meals, and other luxuries which would never be offered to anyone who was simply going to be put to death. 

7. A Jewish man is interviewed also and it is clear to even the most casual observer that he is lying about what he 'saw.' 

8. Proof that no bodies were ever cremated, as the mostly jewish holocau$t historians claim (they claim that 15,000 bodies burned up in minutes when according to cremation experts burning ONE human body - which is 75% H2O - takes at least 8 hours). 

....and MUCH more. 

I was raised on nothing but $chindler's List and other Zionist holocau$t tales, this video blew my mind and was a breath of fresh air and logic as opposed to the pro-Zionist version which now seems more like a bad Hollywood horror movie than reality. 

It certainly brings to light who the real "revisionists" are. 

A MUST-SEE for any WW2 enthusiast! 


Format: NTSC, Color, Full Screen, DVD
Region: All Regions
Number of discs: 1
Rated: Unrated
Studio: Honest Media Today
Run Time: 60 minutes
Average Customer Review: 5.0 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (2 customer reviews)
ASIN: B000K9JP2A