Why We're All Romans: The Roman Contribution to the Western World

In Why We're All Romans, America's premier intellectual historian surveys the culture of the ancient Mediterranean with scholarly acumen and humane wit. Whether discussing Roman law, architecture, history or 'the Romanization of Christianity,' Carl Richard's well-written and informed account is an excellent introduction to the ancient culture that shaped the United States and is still important for American freedom and creativity." --E. Christian Kopff, University of Colorado, Boulder

"At this critical moment in our history, Carl Richard recovers for us the deepest roots of American order. In clear and lively prose, he guides us through Roman civilization and its influence on the West, artfully melding entertaining anecdotes with spot-on analysis. Why We're All Romans is a superb summary of Roman history, one that will both delight and instruct the reader." --Bruce Thornton, Campbell National Fellow at the Hoover Institution

"Lively account of Ancient Rome." --Italian American Magazine, Summer 2010

"Richard (history, Univ. of Louisiana, Lafayette; Greeks & Romans Bearing Gifts: How the Ancients Inspired the Founding Fathers) gives us another work on classical influences, aimed at educated but nonexpert readers. Taking a broader focus than in his previous titles, he does not limit his study only to influences on early America but seeks to demonstrate how Roman culture influenced later Western culture in nearly all disciplines, including law, engineering, literature, and philosophy. Working on this monumental scale over such well-trod ground requires some deftness, and . . . Richard's prose is clear and engaging (he cites excerpts from his previous Twelve Greeks and Romans Who Changed the World). . . . An entertaining and informative book for readers interested in a broad view of Western reception of Roman culture." --Library Journal, July 2010

"The author makes his case in an engaging and entertaining way. . . . He writes with remarkable clarity. His description of the Latin language as 'vigorous and precise' could well apply to his own prose, and the text is enlivened by his wry humor. Richard has a particular knack for selecting anecdotes that are telling and often amusing. . . . His historical assessments . . . are consistently balanced and perceptive. . . . This book will serve as a very good introduction to the ancient Romans and their achievements, and readers with a prior knowledge of the topic will profit from the author's insights." --Renaissance Magazine 
Product Description
This lively account of Roman administration, law, engineering, architecture, art, and literature traces 1200 years of history from Rome's inception to the fall of the Western Roman Empire. This engaging yet deeply informed work not only examines Roman history and the multitude of Roman achievements in rich and colorful detail, but also delineates their crucial and lasting impact on Western civilization. 

Hardcover: 320 pages 
Publisher: Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, Inc. (June 16, 2010) 
Language: English 
 
