
Vista Codec Package 6.1.2 Final

Vista Codec Package - a huge collection of various audio / video codecs and filters for work with video. Installing this package you will be able to freely view any video files with any player installed in your system. Unlike similar collections, codecs installed using Vista Codec Package, can be removed individually without removing the entire package. Codecs have been a problem for most users at one time or another. This is because there has never been an 'out of the box' working solution that the average computer user could install and just have everything work properly from the beginning. There are several decent codec package solutions out there, but none of them did everything I wanted. I was always in need of a tweak, adjustment, or even a re-installation just to get the codecs I needed / wanted and most of the time, the file still didn't play properly. I've never claimed to be a media guru. My media experience prior to creating these packages was to double-click a file I downloaded and hope that it played.

The installer will automatically remove most other popular codec packs from your computer before installing this concise yet comprehensive windows media center setup package. You won't need to make any adjustments or tweaks to enjoy your windows media center content immediately. Windows Media Player and Vista Media Center will instantly recognize all your files as playable.

It does not contain a media player and it does not associate file-types. With the vista codec package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players' capabilities, to play all movies and video clips. Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers. Users of Windows Vista Codec Package have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable. After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire codec package. You can also re-add the removed items at any time.

Changelog:
- Update LAV filters .42 +
- Update FFDshow 4140
- Update Gabests filters 3889
- Update Settings Application
- Fix filetype associations

On the file:
Enabling | reg code: not required
Language: English
File format: exe
Platform / OS: NT/200x/XP/Vista


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1300+ torrents                                                                            
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay