 http://bayimg.com/pAdJlAadF

Unleash the hidden performance of your computer with the minimum effort. O&O Defrag packs file fragments quickly and securely back together to optimize your hard disk under Windows. Its functionality ranges from a fully automated defragmentation to an individual professional set up. It can do everything a truly good defragmentation software should be able to do. The new background monitoring function helps to prevent fragmentation at source. Newly added and modified files are analyzed and defragmented whenever they are not being accessed. O&O Defrag makes sure that your hard disk is constantly performing at its peak.

We have expanded the range of functions of the new O&O Defrag 14 to make it even easier to use. For the first time, it is possible to defragment single folders or files over the context menu besides the usual hard disks and partitions. Furthermore, we have developed a background monitoring function, which automatically protects your computer against strong fragmentation without you as a user having to get involved. The new and sophisticated file status view shows you the quantity and the fragmentation level of the most extensively affected files. Also, the already familiar block view has been enhanced with detailed information. Thus, you will receive an overview with O&O Defrag, of where the individual fragmented parts of the files are to be found on the hard disk.

Fragmentation is the main reason for an extensive performance loss under Windows. Since hard disks tend to be the slowest components of a computer, it is imperative that their performance is optimized. Newly developed technologies within O&O Defrag allow for an even better adjustment to Windows Vista and a better processing of especially big file systems (several million files) ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ while still using the least amount of working memory. Thanks to O&O Defrag 11, many files can be read and written much faster and you can be sure that your hard disk is continuously performing at its peak.



More software http://softa.in/soft		