BBC Arctic with Bruce Parry 2of5 PROPER HDTV x264 AC3 MVGroup

***** This is the PROPER edition *****

Amazon presenter Bruce Parry turns his attention to the Arctic Circle. Indigenous ways of life that have remained virtually unchanged for millennia will cease within our lifetimes. Marine mammal hunters, like the Inuit of Northern Greenland, will have to find new ways to live in this harsh place. They are the last of their kind. But for others, this rapidly changing world promises great opportunity. The Arctic is rich in oil, gas and minerals. The US geological survey estimates that 25% of the world's undiscovered oil and gas could be located under the polar ice cap.

However this series will not be a series about the politics or science of global warming. The focus will be human. Bruce, and his BAFTA winning production team, have found a method of telling important global stories with humour and warmth, drawing a large, young audience to often difficult issues. Same immersive format as Amazon, with Parry embedding himself in a series of indigenous tribes plus camps of Westerners who make their living out of the region’s natural resources.

Part 2: Greenland
Bruce Parry journeys to the far north of Greenland, home to the last traditional Inuit hunters. Bruce experiences the realities of life - and death - on a seal hunt, and learns how climate change is threatening their ancient way of life. But while global warming is causing problems for the hunters, it is providing others with new opportunities. As the vast Greenland ice sheet melts, new mineral riches are being revealed. Bruce works with a mining team who are about to strike it big. Greenland is changing fast - but will there still be a place for hunters in the Arctic of the twenty-first Century?

Technical Spec
Video Codec: x264 CABAC
Video Bitrate: 4000 Kbps
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.777:1
Video Resolution: 1280x720
Audio Codec: AC3
Audio Bitrate: 384 Kbps CBR 48KHz
Audio Channels: 6
Run-Time: 59 mins
Framerate: 25 FPS
Number of Parts: 5
Part Size: 1.81 GB
Source: HDTV

Reason for PROPER:
The original broadcast had stutted audio from about 32 minutes into the original file. This broadcast has clean audio.

You can get all the other episodes in Xvid and 720p formats from the MVGroup site.
