If you’re looking for a faster, more colorful and fun golf experience, Let’s Golf! 2 is just the game to liven things up! Pick from 8 colorful and customizable 3D characters, each with their own special power, then travel to 6 exotic and wild locations to play 108 holes in more detailed locations than ever. And for the first time on Android, you can play multiplayer golf with your friends online or locally.



Android Nokia HD Palm Pre Windows Phone 7 Gameloft Support 
Newsletter 
Enter your e-mail address to subscribe to the smartphone Newsletter:
   
Register Please enter a valid email address     £3.00Buy Now 

Share 

 For more about this game 
follow us on: 
  
    
  


If you’re looking for a faster, more colorful and fun golf experience, Let’s Golf! 2 is just the game to liven things up! Pick from 8 colorful and customizable 3D characters, each with their own special power, then travel to 6 exotic and wild locations to play 108 holes in more detailed locations than ever. And for the first time on Android, you can play multiplayer golf with your friends online or locally.



View Screenshots Screenshots 
 To play, use your num-pad or the arrow keys on your keyboard.
The F1 and F2 keys can be used as the soft keys on a phone.


Features 
Looking for a faster, more colorful and fun golf experience? Then this newest edition of the popular Let’s Golf series is just the thing you need for the most exciting golf adventure you’ll ever find! 
A GAME WITH CHARACTER 
Liven up the sport with 8 fun characters, fully modeled in 3D. Customize your golfer with a selection of gear and clothes you can unlock to improve your skills. 
GOLF AROUND THE GLOBE 
Discover 108 holes of golf across 6 varied locations like the Mount Olympus Golf Club, the Aztec Temple, a winter wonderland in Greenland, the dense forest in Bavaria, the spectacular English Countryside and even the wild Royal Safari in Kenya. Each spot has its own challenges to overcome with increasing difficulty. 
SUPER-POWERED 
Each character has their own unique super power that can give them an unexpected edge. Pull off unbelievable shots by stopping the ball at will, making it super-sticky or even rewinding time. 
PLAY A ROUND WITH FRIENDS 
Grab a friend and play against each other in one of 3 different multiplayer modes: Online Wi-Fi, Local Wi-Fi & Bluetooth. You can also challenge the world by climbing the online leaderboard and unlocking achievements on Gameloft LIVE! for being one of the best golfers around. 
A WHOLE NEW GAME 
Spice up your game with new modes for a totally different way to play. Enjoy an in-depth Career mode and new challenges like Shoot Out where you eliminate 1 player after each hole, and Closest to Pin where players put it all on the line with a single shot.
  