Music : Indie : Lossless







The Wild Orchid Children - The Wild Orchid Children Are Alexander Supertramp (2010)(FLAC)



*** Request ***










Wild Orchid Children is another band featuring Huffman and O'Quin. In August 2007, the band started a MySpace page and posted a single song, titled "Ahead of Us the Secret" which was also made available for free download at Gatsbys fansite Snicker At The Swine. The band features musicians from other prominent Seattle bands The Divorce and Forgive Durden.

The band started taking pre-orders in late October 2007 for a 4-song EP, which includes the songs released for streaming on the band's Myspace page. After a manufacturing error caused delays in the release of the EP, the band started shipping orders in January 2008. The EP's artwork is by John Gourley.

Wild Orchid Children signed to Equal Vision Records in the summer of 2010, The Wild Orchid Children Are Alexander Supertramp was subsequently released on Tuesday, November 9, 2010. The album features all four tracks from the previous EP, re-recorded with extended sections and additional instrumentation.



Members:

* Kirk Huffman - vocals
* Kyle O'Quin - keys
* Thomas Hunter - guitar
* Andy Lum - drums
* Aaron Benson - percussion
* Ryan Van Wieringen - baritone guitar & percussion
* Scot Porter - percussion & effects
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gatsbys_American_Dream#Wild_Orchid_Children










The album. The full length. What does it mean in the year 2010? Is it a collection of individual songs that have somehow been forced onto a compact disc, record, website link or playlist? Are those individual songs meant to stand on their own as singular expressions? Or are those same songs meant to convey an artistic message as a collective? I ask these questions because it’s hard for me to listen to albums in their entirety without venturing onto other sonic landscapes for a quick breather. Are you the same way? Artists don’t make albums like they used to. You can’t do the Darkside of Oz using I Love You But I’ve Chosen Darkness’ Fear Is On Our Side. Life doesn’t work that way, but it would be cool if it did.

I start my review with that non-soliloquy because it gives you an idea of how I approached listening to this album. There is a lot going on during Wild Orchid Children’s …We Are Alexander Supertramp…” I’d bet my last dollar that even after a couple listens all the way through, chances are you’ve missed something, somewhere. I think that’s natural with any piece of music, but this is one psychedelic beast that you can’t tame. Don’t even try. Just hold on tight and hope for the best. This record and I have been bedfellows for the past couple of weeks. I’ve taken some of its tracks on long distance runs, shaved the peach fuzz off my human skull while using it as background music and come home from a late night of partying and attempted to make sweet love to this record. Literally. My Macbook’s hard drive is now broken.

The album announces its arrival with its title track “We Are Alexander Supertramp.” I for one appreciate all the aliases that lead vocalist/frontman Kirk Huffman drops during the 56 seconds that the track runs. It is reminiscent of those old DJ Clue mix tape shout-outs from the late 1990’s. Not many rock and roll bands can get away with this kind of behavior without me wanting to hide in their green room and cut their jugular with a broken Coors Light long-neck. This may be the beginning of a beautiful friendship….

That gets put on hold due to anxiety. “Black Shiny FBI Shoes” is aptly named. The beginning makes you somewhat nervous due to the ambient void that is the beginning of the song. Percussion. Weird effects. Shakers make me think of rattlesnakes. The rim shots and drum toms make your blood pressure rise. Nobody looks forward to a visit from men in black suits that flash a badge before they give a name. I imagine some intense questioning taking place in a dimly lit room during the song’s extended interlude. I want to support long interludes on record but I can’t. I have the attention span of a first grader who has a proficient understanding of YouTube. Luckily for all of us, interludes by talented musicians are what the live music experience is all about. Can I get a witness from the congregation?

Because “Jesus Is A Black Man.” This song is one of my favorites on the album. It has those familiar, somewhat zany Wild Orchid Children group vocals that really add to the piece. Those vocals are especially effective in what is arguably the best breakdown on the record. The cooed group vocals are reminiscent of Robert Plant during Zeppelin’s “Black Dog” and they duel with Thomas Hunter’s wah-wah guitar before transforming into a heavy classic rock delight.

If you’re listening to this record on headphones and the track-list is not in random track order (I do recommend the album on random), “Peyote Coyote” is the track where your mind starts to play tricks on you. Are my senses failing? What is going on here? You’re only four tracks in and you’ve been overwhelmed by sounds. You want to take a breather but then the verse kicks in suddenly your head is bobbing to the keys and you’re not going anywhere. That’s a good thing. If you can make it to the end of the song you will be rewarded with an outrageous yet gratifying ending.

There are two songs on this album that I must group together because I do not “feel” them as much as I do the others. “Martha Goes to Washington” is a catch twenty-two for me. On record, I don’t like listening to this song. I’d much rather listen to other tracks that I enjoy more. With that being said, this song is great live. It’s been a while since I’ve had to say that about any song, let alone a Wild Orchid Children song. This is a track that should be witnessed before being heard. “Tree of Knowledge” is another song I don’t like as much as the rest of the album. It’s not a bad song by any means. I just feel it’s not all that it could be. This opinion could be formed because this song traditionally comes at the end of the record. Like I stated before, your existence gets sucked into the psychedelic gears of this machine. Much like Little Mac in the Nintendo version of Mike Tyson’s Punch Out, you need to build endurance by running in a pink jumpsuit behind a fat black guy on a bike to make it through.


I can’t end this review without making an unnecessary Beastie Boys/Rage Against The Machine comparison talking about “Lazers in the Jungle” and “Birth of a Cabin.” Both of these songs are excellent and deserve high praise though the images that their namesakes create are quite puzzling. Close your eyes, picture a cabin being born. Does seeing a lazer in the jungle remind you of the movie Predator? Probably.

The guitar in “Lazers in the Jungle” drag the listener around by a choke chain before settling into a secret-agent-man groove for the verse. The keys really take command of the song at that point. The rapid fire guitar at the end of the verse is a shot of adrenaline that feels natural going into the chorus. The vocals during the chorus remind me of a group of children mocking another on the playground. In this instance, bullying vocals accompanied with a Santana-esque guitar lick build character. Trust me. This song also wins the “What the fuck was….how did you come up with that ending?” award. I refuse to describe how the bridge of the song transitions into the ending so abruptly. No spoiler alerts here. I just want to know how they came to this particular conclusion.

“Birth of a Cabin” is the first song that I listened to on this record initially. My curiosity was too strong to ignore. It was a wise decision. The song starts off huge. Big guitar. Big keyboards. Big drums. The verse is extremely catchy and gets you hyped up. This is a good breakfast song, an even better morning shower song. The only lyrics that I may (not) have accurately transcribed on this album are sung during this song’s refrain. “Freedom is a heavy load, with the power of soul anything is possible.”If everything else on this record is over your head, these words alone should be with you forever.

Wild Orchid Children Are Alexander Supertramp is available on Equal Vision Records. I think you should get your hands on this. They’ will be performing at Columbia City Theater on November 19th with See Me River and The Magic Mirrors.
 
http://www.soundonthesound.com/2010/11/12/wild-orchid-children-are-alexander-supertramp/









Tracklist:

01. We Are Alexander Supertramp…
02. Black Shiny FBI Shoes
03. Gasoline Rainbows (Jesus Is A Black Man)
04. Peyote Coyote
05. Ahead of Us The Secret
06. Lazers In The Jungle
07. Martha Washington Goes To War
08. Birth of a Cabin
09. Where the Mexican Boys Go
10. Tree Of Knowledge
 
http://www.wildorchidchildren.com/









ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!



