Eddie Spaghetti
Old No. 2 (2005)

Eddie Spaghetti has been the ringleader of the Supersuckers since 1988. But with the band's creation of their own conglomerate (Mid Fi Recordings) in 2002, Spaghetti also found time for a tidy, good-timin' solo career. Sauce appeared in 2004; it featured covers of outlaw country favorites from Kristofferson and Cash as well as a few Spaghetti originals. The Supersuckers were still a band during Eddie's dalliance -- they released a few live records and even toured with Pearl Jam. But by 2005 Spaghetti had found enough time and songs for another solo flight, and Old No. 2 appeared that October. 

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock			
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Like his previous solo disc Sauce, Old No. 2 is dominated by covers, though Eddie wrote a whopping four new songs for this set (double his output for Sauce), and since this album boasts a significantly lower goofiness quotient than his previous go-round, he offers us some solid and literate country-rock tunes, including the ode to touring "Here We Go" and a rueful look back at a busted romance, "Some People Say." Old No. 2 is in the tradition of the Supersuckers' periodic visits to the land of twang, with even the AC/DC and Coasters covers boasting a semi-acoustic sawdust-on-the-floor vibe, and his band (anchored by guitarist Jordan Shapiro) kicks up a satisfying amount of dust, even with the amps turned down. While Eddie unwittingly reveals how narrow his vocal range can be on a couple of tunes, he makes with the attitude when he needs to and sounds like he means it when he wants to, and his versions of Bob Dylan's "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You" and Willie Nelson's "Everywhere I Go" show the guy is a better interpretive singer than one might expect. Oh, and if you were looking for a straight-up joke, check out the Aerosmith revision on track 11. Old No. 2 is hardly revelatory, but it sounds like Eddie and his pals enjoyed their four days in the studio, and the good vibe is infectious -- lots of guys have tried a whole lot harder without coming up with a record half as enjoyable as this. 

01.Tonight I'll Be Staying Here With You
02.All Along
03.Some People Say
04.Without Love
05.Carry Me Home
06.Hey Sexy
07.I Don't Wanna Know
08.Here We Go
09.I Don't Wanna Grow Up
10.Everywhere I Go
11.Sick As A Dog (By Quattro)


Cheers!