PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 3 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Torrent Hash: 763379695103D947284E70A74FFD937BD774716F
File Size: 229.40 MB
Year: 1988
Label: EMI Manhattan Records
Catalog #: CDP-7-48683-2


Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Jane Marie Genevieve Wiedlin (born May 20, 1958) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and actress. She is best known as the rhythm guitarist of the all-female New Wave band The Go-Go's.

Jane Wiedlin was born in Oconomowoc, Waukesha County, Wisconsin. Her father, an oral surgeon, was born in Chicago, Illinois and her mother was from Oconomowoc; they met at Marquette University in Milwaukee. Wiedlin spent her early childhood growing up in West Allis, a suburb of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. She is one of five children, with a sister and three brothers.

When Jane was six, her father took a job with the United States Department of Veterans Affairs at a VA Hospital in Los Angeles, California and her family followed in tow. Soon after arriving in California, Wiedlin's mother cut Jane's waist-long hair to her signature pixie cut hairstyle, due to Wiedlin's becoming an active swimmer now that she lived in a warmer climate.[citation needed] Wiedlin loved watching Star Trek with her family when it first aired on television and is a life-long fan to this day.

As a child, Jane liked to listen to 1960s pop music, especially songs by The Beatles and The Monkees. By the time she was a teenager, Wiedlin was a fan of Sparks. Years later, she would record "Cool Places" with them, as well as turn down a marriage proposal from Russell Mael, the band's co-founder.[citation needed] Jane Wiedlin stated, "I remember my childhood as extremely idyllic." Wiedlin also mentioned her teenage adolescence with angst and hope by saying, "I would definitely be a less-depressed teenager. I thought life was completely pointless when I was in high school, but just a few short years later I was having the adventure of a lifetime in a successful rock band!" Jane Wiedlin attended William Howard Taft High School in Los Angeles from 1972 until 1976.

As Jane Wiedlin describes it, she was present "pretty much from the beginning"[2] of the Los Angeles punk scene. While attending college in the Los Angeles area, for fashion design, Wiedlin worked at a fashion design house where she created song lyrics by scribbling down ideas on the clothing patterns. "Jane Drano," as she came to be known, would later design punk-style clothing that she sold at Granny Takes a Trip, a store on Sunset Boulevard.[2] She became part of the scene that spawned bands like X, The Germs and The Weirdos.[1] She and Belinda Carlisle formed The Go-Go's as a punk band in 1978, with Margot Olaverra on bass, and Elissa Bello on drums. In 1981, Wiedlin and Terry Hall of the Fun Boy Three and The Specials co-wrote "Our Lips Are Sealed." The song peaked on the Billboard charts at #20 and remained on the charts until 1982. Hall also recorded the song with his band and the song was quite popular, hitting #7 in the UK.

The Go-Go's pop punk sound did not emerge until after Charlotte Caffey joined on lead guitar and keyboards, and Gina Schock replaced Bello on drums. After a 1980 tour of England, the band added Kathy Valentine on bass. They signed with IRS Records in April 1981. Wiedlin remained part of The Go-Go's until October 1984, when she left to pursue a solo career. "Rush Hour" (1988) was her most successful single – having done well in both the American and British charts. The song was taken from her second album, Fur.

After a series of reunions during the 1990s, Wiedlin, Carlisle, Caffey, Schock, and Valentine re-formed the band again in 2000 to record God Bless the Go-Go's, their first studio album in seventeen years. The album, originally titled Vision of Nowness, had a title and concept based on an idea from Wiedlin.[3]

In 2010, the Go-Go's announced their Happily Ever After Farewell Tour. Although scheduled to begin in July, the tour was cancelled due to ACL tears Wiedlin suffered in both knees after a fall she took while on a nighttime hike.[4] She recovered and the band rescheduled the tour for 2011, no longer billing it as a farewell tour and changing the name to "Ladies Gone Wild." 






Fur 1988


Fur is the second album by Jane Wiedlin, released in 1988. The songs "Rush Hour" and "Inside a Dream" were released as singles and both charted on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has a slick, contemporary production, with mainly programmed music complemented by electric guitar and some horns.

The album was written over a period of two years, following the lukewarm response to previous album Jane Wiedlin and her subsequent foray into acting.[1]

Despite the title track addressing the fur trade ("I don't wear fur/Won't do it/Fur's for fools"), most of the songs deal with fidelity ("Homeboy"), blossoming love ("One Heart One Way", "Lover's Night") and the fulfilment of ambitions ("Inside a Dream").

"Song of the Factory" differs from these themes with insistent synth lines and a more abstract lyric ("It is cold/But it is warm/It is one/But not alone"). Wiedlin's favourite song from the album,[citation needed] it includes a dig at producer Shep Pettibone in morse code,[citation needed] in reference to a feud between the renowned remixer and Fur producer Stephen Hague.[citation needed]

Both sides of the original vinyl record were bookmarked by slower love songs: "The End of Love" (which was the B-side to "Rush Hour"[2]) and "Whatever It Takes". "Rush Hour" was the first single from the album and reached #9 in the United States[3] and #12 in Britain.[4] Fur and the next single "Inside a Dream" were more modest successes, reaching #105[5] and #57[3] respectively in the USA. Fur spent 21 weeks on The Billboard 200.[6]

Fur received mixed reviews upon release. In the Los Angeles Times, Steve Hochman wrote: "'Fur' is the perfect title for [Wiedlin's] second solo release: like a teddy bear it's warm and cuddly, but with no teeth or claws. Part of the blame goes to producer Stephen Hague, whose synth-pop is all fluff and no character".[8] The album was described as "shimmering mainstream pop [...] that is sometimes reminiscent of Madonna" in the Daily News of Los Angeles.[9]

The review on allmusic states that "'Rush Hour' and the haunting ballad 'The End of Love' are the best of the lot, with 'Song of the Factory' close behind, but many of the other tracks are filler, and a couple just don't work at all", concluding that "Fur largely sounds like Wiedlin was being led by EMI's A&R; team instead of thinking for herself".

Tracks: 

1.	"Inside a Dream" - 3:36 (Wiedlin, Gardner Cole)
2.	"Rush Hour" - 4:03 (Wiedlin, Peter Rafelson)
3.	"One Heart One Way" - 3:49 (Wiedlin, Peter Rafelson)
4.	"Homeboy" - 3:58 (Wiedlin, Lundt, Swirsky)
5.	"The End of Love" - 3:17 (Wiedlin, Stephen Hague)
6.	"Lover's Night" - 3:26 (Wiedlin, Peter Rafelson)
7.	"Fur" 3:12 - (Wiedlin, Gardner Cole)
8.	"Give!" - 3:13 (Wiedlin, Rafelson)
9.	"Song of the Factory" - 4:54 (Wiedlin, Hague, Woolley)
10.	"Whatever It Takes" - 3:55 (Wiedlin, Kessler, Simms)



Enjoy :)
