VideoPad Video Editor Professional 2.40 Final

VideoPad makes editing videos easy. This full featured video editor lets you create professional looking videos with transitions, music and narration in minutes. VideoPad is one of the fastest video stream processors on the market. Discover the power of drag and drop. Drop files into your editing project and drag videos onto your timeline and adjust the in and out points of a video clip. Edit video from any camcorder. VideoPad lets you capture video directly from a DV Camcorder, VHS player or Webcam. You can also import video files directly. VideoPad supports just about any video file format including .avi, .wmv, .3gp, .wmv and .divx.

Stunning Transition Effects
Choose from a range of fade transitions to give your movie that professional touch. Preview the effects in real time. Customize the duration of the effect.

Amazing Audio Tools
Import and mix music tracks like a pro. Make your own custom movie soundtrack. Record your own narrations with the click of a button. Import pre-recorded narrations, sound effects or music.

Complete Video Optimization
Fine tune brightness, saturation and color for your video. Add photos and digital images with a click of a button. Apply effects like black & white, sepia tone and negative. Add text captions to your movie.

Share With Your Family and Friends
Burn to DVD and watch in your living room on your TV. Save for Youtube and share online with friends.
Save to PSP, iPod, iPhone or 3GP mobile phone. Save to your PC as a high-quality digital movie.

Technical InformationSupported Input Formats
Video - avi, mpeg, wmv, divX, Xvid, mpeg1, mpeg2, mpeg4, mp4, mov, asf, vob, ogm, .3gp, H.264, RM and many more.
Image - bmp, gif, jpg, jif, jiff, jpeg, exif, png, tif, tiff, psd, tga, pcx, jp2, wmf, ico
Audio - wav, mp3, mp2, mpga, m4a, ogg, avi, mid, flac, aac, wma, dct, au, aiff, ogg, raw, dvf, vox, cda, atrac, gsm, sri, shn, dss, msv, wmv and many more.

Supported Output Formats
Disc export - DVD, CD, Blu-ray Discs, HD-DVD
Video export - avi, wmv, asf, mpg, 3gp, mp4, mov, YouTube, iPod, iPhone, PSP, Mobile Phone

Supported Devices
VideoPad supports just about any type of video input device including DV based or HDD camcorders.

System Requirements
Works on Windows 7 2000/XP/2003/Vista/2008

Home Page - http://www.nchsoftware.com/videopad/index.html

