Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Love Like Crazy" is the title of a song written by Tim James and Doug Johnson, and recorded by American country music artist Lee Brice. It is the fourth single of his career, and the first single from his studio album, also titled Love Like Crazy. In September 2010, the song broke a record established by Eddy Arnold for the longest chart run in the history of the Hot Country Songs charts.

Jim Malec of The 9513 gave "Love Like Crazy" a thumbs-up review. He called the lyric "endearing in spite of the fact that [it] is a typical story in a typical narrative setting." Malec also described the song as "focused, a cozy little tale of a hard working man who takes on country music’s familiar advice-giver role. His advice, common as though it may be, is honest and unpretentious. And instead of feeding us a bunch of meaningless lines about abstract philosophical ideas related to love and a woman’s needs, the song reminds us to tell our lover that we love her, to the tell the truth, to do our best, and to pray."

"Love Like Crazy" is a mid-tempo country song that describes the life of a man and his wife. The man does many things that the narrator describes as "crazy."

Brice told Country Weekly magazine that he decided to record the song because its storyline reminded him of his own grandmother and grandfather, who were married to each other for more than fifty years.

"Love Like Crazy" debuted at #58 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs for the chart week of August 29, 2009. "Love Like Crazy" entered Top Ten on Hot Country Songs in its forty-sixth week on the chart, making for the slowest climb into the Top Ten in the chart's history. The previous record-holders were Gary Allan's "Right Where I Need to Be" and Josh Gracin's "We Weren't Crazy" at forty weeks each. On the chart dated for the week ending September 18, 2010, the song charted its fifty-fifth week, breaking the record set by Eddy Arnold's 1948 single "Bouquet of Roses" for the longest run in the history of the Hot Country Songs chart. It also debuted at #97 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of September 21, 2010. In December, it was declared that it was the #1 country song of 2010, despite only peaking at #3.

Love Like Crazy is the major-label debut studio album by American country music artist Lee Brice. It was released on June 8, 2010, via Curb Records. Prior to the album's release, Brice charted three singles: "She Ain't Right," "Happy Endings" and "Upper Middle Class White Trash." The album's title track debuted in August 2009. The album's second single "Beautiful Every Time" released to radio in October 25,2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/