Abraham-Hicks 2000-08-29 DVD 10 of 15 Art of Allowing Series

EnJoy and Share - Please Seed!

This powerful workshop series on 15 DVDs (one hour each) demonstrates the simple proven techniques that will allow you to easily create anything you desire! Audio track in mp3 files are included.

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community. For other DVDs in this series see this webpage:  
https://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?hl=en&key=0Aq4ULNCVNFKCdDFaV3RvT1VDbGllb2w1bzJja0hjeGc&hl=en&gid=11

Portable Abraham-Hicks Torrents WebSite
Please see the Info note inside

Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community has 'Google Groups'   
https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/abeallows
We are using this forum for discussions and as a group mailing for those who like to be informed of new torrents and of new developments of our common interest. Our intention is to connect with those who are attracting Abraham's material via torrents. Welcome to join us if you share our intention.

There are some of us, who would like to have ALL of the Abraham's recordings at fast download speed via torrents and well organized. If you would like to take part in making this vision materialized sooner, then please let me know by E-mail AbeAllows@gmail.com

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!


The Art of Allowing series is on 15 DVDs. They are in 3 volumes with 5 one hour DVDs in each volume. Each volume was recorded in a different city.

The Art Of Allowing, Vol I "San Francisco, CA" (DVDs 1-5)
The Art Of Allowing, Vol II "Monterey, CA" (DVDs 6-10)
The Art Of Allowing, Vol III "San Rafael, CA" (DVDs 11-15) 


Topics Included in DVD 10:
Learning to selectively sift your subjects of attention. 
Your vibration on any subject is right where you last left it. 
Tell it the way you want it to be. 
Playing the wouldn't-it-be-nice-if game. 
Following the path of your new desires. 
Steps for becoming a vibrational match to your Well-being. 
Abraham explains how bad things happen.


Abraham, Jerry & Esther Hicks   
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

In 1985, Jerry and Esther Hicks began dialogs with Abraham. Abraham is a name. A symbol. A feeling. But who, or what, is/are, Abraham . . . really? 

Abraham is a Non-Physical entity - whom Esther calls "infinite intelligence" and Jerry refers to as "the purest form of love I've ever encountered." 
Louise Hay calls them "some of the best teachers on the planet today." 

To Dr. Wayne Dyer they are "the great Masters of the Universe!" 

The Teachings of Abraham are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience. 

Abraham, a group of obviously evolved teachers, speak their broader Non-physical perspective through the physical apparatus of Esther. Speaking to our level of comprehension, from their present moment to our now, through a series of loving, allowing, brilliant yet comprehensively simple, recordings in print and in sound -- they guide us to a clear connection with our Inner Being -- they guide us to self-upliftment from our total self. 

Check out Abraham for yourself. It's the only way to go and the only way to know. 

And finally-from Jerry-"Mr. Practical": 

"I don't know what they are and I don't care what they are. I'm just using them for the good it will do for myself and others."


Jerry and Esther deliver an inspirational message of joy and well-being. They travel to over forty cities every year, offering workshops where participants direct their questions to Abraham and learn ways to achieve all that is desired in life.  

"The Teachings of Abraham" is the original source material for the current Law of Attraction wave that is sweeping the world, and it is the 21st century inspiration for thousands of books, films, essays and lectures that are responsible for the current paradigm shift in consciousness. 

Here at www.abraham-hicks.com you will find accurate clarification of the basics of the Law of Attraction and practical applications as well as up-to-the-moment leading-edge expanding information regarding the Law of Attraction. (Also known as "The Teachings of Abraham") This is the fountainhead of the information upon which the hit movie, "The Secret" was based.

Law of Attraction says, "That which is like unto itself is drawn." Everything is valid and everything is truthful, because Law of Attraction lets everything be. The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.

Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!