
Gorosthane Sabdhan (2010)
(A film by Sandip Roy)

Upscaled DVD rip - 2.2GB (1/2 DVD) - 720p-X.264

Synopsis:
When the newspapers report that a man was injured in a Kolkata Graveyard, Feluda is curious and goes to investigate. There he finds a purse with some cryptic anagrams. The search for the owner leads feluda to explore the lives of the old Anglo-Indian communities in Kolkata and in particular to the history of the Godwin family. In the process he discovers how a grave was desecrated to pilfer a family heirloom... the Perigal Repeater..

Comments:
Feluda is Feluda and needs few comments, but this one is a bit special. It has a new Topshe in Saheb Bhattacharya. He looks fresh and just what one would expect Topshe to be. Sabyasachi as Feluda has started looking his age, even though he is more violent and active in this film. But he, even more than Soumitra, is what I expect Feluda to be and so he just walks into our hearts again.

Some of the side characters are excellent, such as Tinu Anand as Marcus Godwin (or Markis Sahib). Pradip Mukherjee as Naren Biswas is outstanding and Dhritimans Mahadeb is quite silky and evil even if a bit theatrical.

I really have nothing against this film except a few personal grouses. I just don't like Feluda in modern times - he uses the intenet, Lalmohanbabu's car is not an ambassador and so on. My Feluda lived in Kolkata of the 70's when Chung-Wah was all the rage and Bourne and Sheppard hadn't burned down. The new avatar is for the masses, but this film, exploring as it does the old Anglo-Indian families, brought back my yearnings for the ol Feluda to the forefront. The Feluda o spakling wit and repartee.

I must talk about the fine editing of Subrata Ray. He unobstrusively keeps the narrative flowing and does not allow the film to drag at any stage. Since this story is more about footwork than action, there was a distinct possibility of it becoming boring. It never does. The screenplay tries to capture Satyajit Ray's novella completely, but I thought some of the funny bits (Arkis and Markis for example) did not really come through.

A very enjoyable film nevertheless.

Uploader's Notes:
Why am I uploading a 2010 film? a DVD rip was uploaded more thn a year ago and a VCD rip is also doing the rounds! So why upload another? I had quite a few reasons really. GS is the only Feluda fulm I hadn't ripped and some people had sent a request for a rip. Then too there wasn't a 720p rip anywhere on the net. Finally, the rips that I have seen were fine but I thought there is still space for a high quality rip and upload.

So here it is folks. One year late and after the next Feluda film has already been released! But a genuine DDR rip of GS, both in 720p as well as 700MB MKV. In both I have preserved the original sound and the video quality of the 700MB rip is very good,

even if I say so myself

ENJOY!

IMDB Link:
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2136956/

Screens:
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/f3a03c168834379
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/b66a9e168834398
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/a85b0d168834432
