Rhoda Typical Episode Notes

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1331kbps 
Duration.............: 22:49.682
Resolution...........: 600*460 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 262,793,456 
No Subtitles

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071040/
 
http://bayimg.com/FalIoAAdD
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhoda


Rhoda is an American television sitcom, starring Valerie Harper, which ran for five seasons, from 1974 to 1978 airing in 109 episodes. The show was a spin-off from The Mary Tyler Moore Show, in which Harper between the years 1970 and 1974 had played the role of Rhoda Morgenstern, a spunky, weight-conscious, flamboyantly fashioned Jewish neighbor and native New Yorker in the role of Mary Richards' best friend. After four seasons, Rhoda left Minneapolis and returned to her original hometown of New York City. The series was a huge ratings success (even beating its parent show) and was the winner of two Golden Globes and two Emmy Awards. Two of its first-season episodes broke numerous television records, and created one of the most iconic moments in television.

Rhoda was filmed Friday evenings in front of a live studio audience at CBS Studio Center, Stage 14 in Studio City, Los Angeles, California.

The series opens with the pilot episode featuring a slimmed-down Rhoda Morgenstern traveling to New York City from her home in Minneapolis for a two-week vacation staying with her twenty-one-year-old sister, Brenda (Julie Kavner). While there, she meets Joe Gerard (David Groh), a handsome divorcé who owns a wrecking company and has a ten-year-old son, Donny, whom Brenda babysits. Following Brenda's prompting, they meet and develop an instant attraction to each other which leads to their dating nightly for the duration of her vacation. 

After an argument about their feelings for each other, Joe asks Rhoda to stay in New York, which she does, initially moving in with Brenda at 332 E. 64th Street (actual exterior shots are of 332 East 84th Street between 1st and 2nd avenues on the south east end of the block.) Brenda, an overweight bank-teller, is insecure and possesses a lack of self-esteem, both of which contribute to her frequently lamented difficulty in attracting the opposite sex—similar problems to those experienced by Rhoda herself at the outset of The Mary Tyler Moore Show four years earlier.

The pilot episode entitled "Joe" aired on Monday, September 9, 1974 at 9:30 PM and immediately set an unprecedented record that has yet to be overturned by being the first and only television series ever to achieve a number-one Nielsen rating for its premiere episode, easily defeating the ABC ratings juggernaut, Monday Night Football.

Rhoda and Brenda soon realize that the small studio apartment can't hold them both, so Rhoda moves in with their parents Ida (Nancy Walker) and Martin (Harold Gould) at their apartment in the Bronx. Ida and Martin are the stereotypical Jewish parents. Ida is overbearing, overprotective, benevolently manipulative, and desperate to ensure her daughters find a good husband. Martin is her dutiful, mild-mannered dad. Ida initially goes to great lengths to baby her daughter. When it becomes apparent Rhoda is sliding into a rut by occupying her childhood bedroom, Ida forces her to move out for her own good.

As the weeks go by, the relationship between Joe and Rhoda quickly blossoms. By the sixth episode, "Pop Goes the Question", an insecure Rhoda asks Joe where their relationship is heading. His response is to invite Rhoda to move in with him. After some careful thought and consultation with her sister and father, Rhoda accepts Joe's invitation, but within minutes of moving in decides that rather than living together out of wedlock she wants to be married. Rhoda attempts to convince Joe that they are very compatible and would be a happily married couple. After some hesitation, Joe agrees and a wedding is planned.

Cast

Valerie Harper - Rhoda Morgenstern Gerard
Julie Kavner - Brenda Morgenstern 
David Groh - Joe Gerard (1974–77)
Nancy Walker - Ida Morgenstern (1974–76, 1977–78)
Harold Gould - Martin Morgenstern (1974–76, 1977–78)
Ron Silver - Gary Levy (1976–78)
Ray Buktenica - Benny Goodwin (1977–78)
Kenneth McMillan - Jack Doyle (1977–78)
Lorenzo Music - Carlton, the doorman (voice only)

The show is also noted and fondly remembered for the drunken CARLTON the DOORMAN, who later voiced Garfield the Cat, and for launching the career of Julie Kavner, who voices Marge Simpson.