Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=o90pwh0kj98ur3bd3lvt.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=s1nqjq7ms013jyjtg907.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=esc2kltzdbsyu3hcmwbi.jpg



Cast: Daria Glower, Jennifer Max, Tera Joy, Luigina Nike, Sarah O’Neall, Sabrina White, Eve-Lyn, Vanessa Romana, Mugur, Leslie, Frank Gun, Nick Lang, James Brossman

Raul Cristian and the big-dicked rump rangers of his Cruel Media company present "Anal Attack 7." Starring a stunning array of horny beauties, all fresh-faced and natural, it's a prime showcase of Raul's perverse style of brutal buttfuckery from the Buttman Magazine Choice line of ass-oriented specialty videos. Buxom, brown-haired beauty Daria Glower, seductive in her all-natural glory, removes a clear butt plug from her ass, then replaces it with stud Mugur's big, throbbing member. Daria takes an anal reaming and enjoys a messy oral cum shot. Next, a pair of busty sluts — redhead Jennifer Max and gorgeous brunette Tera Joy — masturbates together and enjoys a three-way sodomy session with well-hung Leslie Taylor. The curvy duo gives Leslie a double blow job and enjoys some ass-to-mouth fun before swapping his sperm. Pretty brunettes Luigina Nike and Sarah O'Neill get totally ass-fucked by Frank Gun in an extremely nasty scene that ends with him creaming into their open mouths. Sabrina White is a big-titted, blonde Czech girl who takes on the thick cocks of three guys and gets her sexy face plastered with milky ball-juice. Blonde cutie-next-door Eve-Lyn does a striptease and rectal toy demonstration. She gets penetrated in all holes by a couple of gentlemen, climaxing with a tasty sperm cocktail. Last but not least, black-haired knockout Vanessa Romana flaunts her perfect, soft body, plays with big anal beads and gets her tight rear expanded by James Brossman, who ferociously bangs young Vanessa’s asshole, then ejaculates into her mouth. Sometimes it’s best to attack from behind!Raul Cristian's "Anal Attack 7." is a single-disc DVD with photo slideshow.