Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG
Description
                                         POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 87 - Paul McCartney died 1966 - Harrison Death Bed Confession

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 87 - Paul McCartney died 1966 - Harrison Death Bed Confession

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech  --  High Speed Server


Isn't this refreshing. A conspiracy that has ZERO effect on todays mess in The World. After watching this documentary, I lean towards the idea that PAUL IS DEAD. How can I say that??? After the breakup of the Beatles, Paul really never produced any music of "Beatle Quality." After the breakup Lennon did, although neither produced any music of Beatle Legend after their breakup.


Paul McCartney never wrote "Maybe I'm Amazed." He never formed the band Wings. He never clashed with Yoko, became a vegetarian, or fathered any of his children. When Queen Elizabeth knighted him in 1997, she was actually knighting someone else. This is because, conspiracy-minded Beatlemaniacs say, Paul McCartney secretly died in 1966. Theorists claim the other Beatles covered up his death — hiring someone who looked like him, sang like him, and had the same jovial personality. But the guilt eventually got to them and they began hiding clues in their music. In the song "Taxman," George Harrison gave his "advice for those who die," meaning Paul. The entire Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album was awash with Paul-is-dead clues: the Beatles had formed a "new" band featuring a fictional member named Billy Shears — supposedly the name of Paul's replacement. The album contained John Lennon's "A Day in the Life," which had the lyrics "He blew his mind out in a car" and the recorded phrase "Paul is dead, miss him, miss him," which becomes evident only when the song is played backward. Lennon also mumbled, "I buried Paul" at the end of "Strawberry Fields Forever" (in interviews, Lennon said the phrase was actually "cranberry sauce" and denied the existence of any backward messages).

Paul-is-dead believers think the Beatles accompanied these backward tape loops and veiled references to death with album covers that illustrated the loss of their friend. The original cover of 1966's Yesterday and Today album featured the Beatles posed amid raw meat and dismembered doll parts — symbolizing McCartney's gruesome accident. If fans placed a mirror in front of the Sgt. Pepper album cover, the words Lonely Hearts on the drum logo could be read as "1 ONE 1 X HE DIE 1 ONE 1." And of course, there's the Abbey Road cover, on which John, George and Ringo forwent all pretense and pretended to cross the street as a funeral procession. John wore all white, like a clergyman. Ringo, the mourner, dressed in black. George donned jeans, like a gravedigger. Paul wore no shoes (he didn't need them, because he was dead) and walked out of step with the others.

If Paul is dead, then his imposter is still at large. He met and married Linda Eastman, with whom he had four children before losing her to breast cancer in 1998. He released a live album in 1993 called Paul Is Live (likely story), and produced more than 20 solo albums — and that's not even counting the ones released by Wings. Then he endured a horrible divorce from Heather Mills, which may have made him wish he were dead — or, at least, were still Billy Shears. So who is the real McCartney? The world may never know. (DNA could prove that)This whole world is a deception. Why not the Beatles too???


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?aid=13&adid=79 
http://biblegateway.christianbook.com/dvds
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

            POtHS
                                                                      Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures --
POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit --
Upload POtHS Everywhere --
POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures --
POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate --
POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds --
POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security --
POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- Pouring Out the Heavenly Scriptures -- POtHS


            ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou: Thank You JESUS    