A River Runs Through Us (C. Pataky, 2011)-aNaRCHo

[ENGLISH SUBBED XVID VERSION OF THE DVD UPLOADED THE OTHER DAY, THANKS TO ORIGINAL UPLOADER]

A nice documentary on River-Activism. The film directs it's criticism at large scale dam projects that neglect to take into account: the effect they will have on the lives of the indigenous communities that rely on the rivers for their livelihoods; the effect they will have on the watershed and ecosystem that relies upon it; and and ignore the fact that they are often done for the wrong reasons, and as such, are bad policy. The filmmakers interview local activists from communities all ove the world that are directly affected by dam projects; policy makers fighting against the dam projects; and human rights organizations offering alternate energy technologies on a more community based level (as opposed to the large scale federally funded programs). They show how many dams are planned to provide electricity specifically for industries like mining, which also have negative impacts on their communities... so why shouldn't they fight against it? The interviewees are in unanimous agreement that large scale dam projects are NOT the answer to the energy woes of industrializing and third world nations. Instead arguing that alternative projects like community or household solar generation; small scale hydrological generation (ie small what wheels); and wind generation, which, if managed properly, can provide sufficient electricity to those who require it, and those who never had it in the first place. Hard to argue with that! Very interesting and informative documentary on an issue everyone should be concerned about, OUR WATER!!! PROTECT IT!!!

FROM WEBSITE:

"The documentary offers a personal and hopeful introduction to one of the biggest threats facing our world's lifelines, as told by the people at the forefront of the global movement. Filmed at the Rivers for Life 3 meeting – a gathering of 350 river activists from 50 countries, held in rural Mexico – this documentary touches on issues such as how climate change will affect rivers and dams; what happens to communities displaced by or living downstream of large dams; and what kinds of solutions exist that both preserve our life-giving waterways while meeting our needs for energy and water."

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!