
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51fxHT3bv1L._SS500_.jpg


Title: Epiphany: The Best of Chaka Khan, Vol. 1
Artist: Chaka Khan
Audio CD (March 15, 2005)
Original Release Date: November 12, 1996
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: R&B
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec

*** Complete Hi-Res Cover Scans Are Included ***


Track Listing:

01. Ain't Nobody
02. Papillon (aka Hot Butterfly)
03. Tell Me Something Good [Live]
04. I Feel for You
05. I Know You, I Live You
06. I'm Every Woman
07. Love Me Still
08. End of a Love Affair
09. And the Melody Still Lingers On (Night in Tunisia)
10. Through the Fire
11. What Cha' Gonna Do for Me
12. Everywhere
13. Never Miss the Water [Feat. Me'Shell Ndegéocello]
14. Somethin' Deep
15. Your Love Is All I Know
16. Every Little Thing


Amazon Review:
Whether with the groundbreaking group Rufus or on her own, Chaka Khan has one of the most distinctive and influential voices in R&B. She's able to wail at full emotive throttle or deliver a love song with nuanced jazz-inflected tones, and sometimes even do both within the same track. This 1996 collection gathers some of Khan's biggest and most beloved solo efforts. Included here are the classic tangy attack of "Ain't Nobody" and the turntable-enhanced smash "I Feel for You" (penned by admirer and recent collaborator Prince). There's also the anthemic original version of "I'm Every Woman," the moody "Through the Fire," and her 1996 collabo with Me'Shell Ndegeocello, "You Never Miss the Water." As all great vocalists do, Khan takes control of every song, breathing fire and life into the words and interpreting them without overpowering their meaning. One listen to Epiphany and it's abundantly clear that, even though she's been AWOL from the charts for a while, Chaka Khan remains a founding mother of soul and funk, armed with a potent voice that can both illuminate and elevate.

Allmusic Review:
Chaka Khan's career through the 1996 release of Epiphany: The Best of Chaka Khan, Vol. 1 -- involving eight albums with Rufus and eight solo albums, along with assorted collaborations -- produced roughly 40 Top 40 R&B singles, not to mention dozens of undervalued album cuts. So it is clear that any one-disc attempt at wrapping up the highlights is bound to work more like a sampler than a true best-of. And though this release is given the "Vol. 1" tag, it remained without a sequel as late as 2005, when Reprise reissued it without altering the contents. Yet another frustration is that previously unreleased songs take the place of missing classics like "Sweet Thing," "Clouds," "Fate," "Close the Door," and "Stay." (That's just for starters.) Nonetheless, the disc does contain Khan's most popular work, from ballads like "Through the Fire" to anthems like "I'm Every Woman" and "Ain't Nobody," along with other radio staples, such as "I Feel for You" and "Tell Me Something Good." At the absolute least, Khan deserves a solo-only best-of, as well as a disc that sticks strictly to her work with Rufus. (The Very Best of Rufus Featuring Chaka Khan, the only anthology dedicated to Rufus, has its own set of issues.) 

