Windows Live Essential For XP Offline Setup


Windows Live Essentials system requirements


Windows Live Essentials requires the following:


Operating system: Windows XP with Service Pack 2 (32-bit edition only), Windows Vista (32-bit or 64-bit editions), Windows 7 (32-bit or 64-bit editions), or Windows Server 2008.


Note

Windows Live Movie Maker and the slide show feature of Windows Live Photo Gallery aren't supported on Windows XP.

Processor: 1 GHz or higher for Windows 7 or Windows Vista; 800 MHz or higher for Windows XP.

Memory: 512 MB of RAM for Windows 7 or Windows Vista; 128 MB (256 MB or more recommended) for Windows XP.

Resolution: Minimum 1024 x 768

Internet connection: Internet functionality requires dial-up or broadband Internet access (provided separately). Local or long-distance charges may apply.

Browser: Windows Live Toolbar requires Internet Explorer 6, Internet Explorer 7, or Internet Explorer 8.

Graphics or video card: Windows Live Movie Maker requires a video card that supports DirectX 9 or higher, and Shader Model 2 or higher.


View detailed release notes


Additional requirements

The following components are needed for certain Windows Live programs and may also be installed for you if they're not found on your computer.


For Writer: Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 or higher.*

For Photo Gallery: SQL 2005 Compact Edition and Windows Imaging Codecs.*

For Photo Gallery and Movie Maker: Some components of DirectX 9.


*Not required when installing on Windows 7 or Windows Vista.


Note

To install or uninstall Windows Live software, you must be logged on to the computer using an administrator account.

Messenger
The best way to stay in touch
Share photos while you chat. Talk face-to-face in real time with video chat. Plus, see social updates your friends have shared in Messenger.
 
Photo Gallery
Make good photos great
Make your best photos look even better, and create impressive panoramic photos. Share your photos in just a few clicks—add them to an online album, send them in email, or order prints.
 
Mail
Smart, anytime access to email
Bring together your Hotmail, Gmail, and other email accounts, along with your calendar and contacts. You get the ease of use of Microsoft Outlook Express, with the speed of Windows Live.
 
Writer
Blog like a pro
Easily share your words, photos, and videos on almost any blog service—WordPress, Blogger, LiveJournal, TypePad, and many more with Writer.


