Poorly Made in China: An Insider's Account of the China Production Game

Awards

Best Book 2009 (The Economist)

Best Book for Business Owners (Inc.) 

Great Finance Book of 2009 (Forbes) 

Best of 2009 Business Book (Library Journal) 

"Midler has upended a lot of the assumptions about this factory for the world." (Forbes) 

“A must-read for people engaged in mainland business.” (South China Morning Post) 

“Important, timely and entertaining.” (Taipei Times) 

“Most of the people in Mr. Midler’s position would not dream of disclosing what they see.” (The Economist) 

“Manages to be both instructive and entertaining.” (National Review) 

“A fascinating, funny and important book.” (Asia Times) 

“An invaluable book for anyone considering doing business in China.” (Epoch Times) 

“A lively dissection of the cultural clash.” (Malaysia’s The Star) 

“You won’t look at the label ‘Made in China’ the same way.” (Toronto Now) 

“His warning is worth heeding – is China listening?” (Business Times) 

"Plenty of laugh-out-loud moments." (Financial Times) 

“Strongly recommended.” (Bangkok Post) --This text refers to the Hardcover edition.
Product Description
An insider reveals what can—and does—go wrong when companies shift production to China

In this entertaining behind-the-scenes account, Paul Midler tells us all that is wrong with our effort to shift manufacturing to China. Now updated and expanded, Poorly Made in China reveals industry secrets, including the dangerous practice of quality fade—the deliberate and secret habit of Chinese manufacturers to widen profit margins through the reduction of quality inputs. U.S. importers don’t stand a chance, Midler explains, against savvy Chinese suppliers who feel they have little to lose by placing consumer safety at risk for the sake of greater profit. This is a lively and impassioned personal account, a collection of true stories, told by an American who has worked in the country for close to two decades. Poorly Made in China touches on a number of issues that affect us all.
 
http://www.amazon.com/Poorly-Made-China-Insiders-Production/dp/0470928077/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1306593368&sr=8-1