Whats big, oily, white and full of nothin but a good time? The booty hanging off the back of our five lovely ladies! Jada Stevens starts us off outside giving you a private show of her thick, round booty. She dips into the pool and gets it all wet- she crawls around a little bit giving you the bestview in the house! She goes indoors to get out of the heat but thats when things start to get HOT! She sure does let those fingers do the walkin form Boob City to Clitsville down to Anal Avenue! She nuts be hungry for some black meat, cause she attacks it! Like her fingers, he works his way to that backend- she has a little trouble taking it all for a minute. Next we have the double bubble of Ashli Orion. This girl must be in heat, shes got a bad mouth and enjoys the dirty talk. She tries to get that whole ass in her hands, but that butt is just too big and it falls and jiggles! Shes also got a taste for some anaconda but get a little nervous when its in her hands.. later her mouth and of course, in her booty! Busty blonde Phoenix Marie has a world class rack and booty. This blue eyed devil just spills out of her bikini! Thats ok, they dont belong in there anyway! No fooling, her bubble could get you in trouble! Shes a pro and she knows what she wants and takes it! Some say shes tall, but her legs go from the floor to her mans chin! Briella Bounce does bounce, more like quake when she walks strutting around on those thick legs! Shes the kind of girl that has to buy pants three sizes too big just so that big, healthy butt doesnt fit in those smaller sizes! Her man takes her for a ride, but its more like hauling ass! It sure jiggles when she wiggles like to jelly basketballs! Liza Del Sierra has that mysterious charm and an easy style. Its called smoking hot! Brown hair, fair skin, willing mouth; what more is there? She doesnt talk much and likes anal so you be the judge! She could have been a ballerina, but that booty is too big! If she ever fell, shes cause an earthquake! All beautiful girls, all hardcore and all going interracial anal! Youll be wowed if you see these thick booty babes!


Starring:Ashli Orion, Briella Bounce, Flash Brown, Jada Stevens, Lexington Steele, Liza Del Sierra, Mr Marcus, Phoenix Marie, Prince Yashua, Rico Strong


screens:
 
http://www.pixzilla.org/show.php/1163_1.jpg.html
 
http://www.pixzilla.org/show.php/1164_2.jpg.html
