I Hate PHP

PUT THE POCKET PROTECTORS AWAY... 
...and learn PHP without becoming a part of the geek patrol. 

Dear Fellow Webmaster; 

I've wasted probably a thousand bucks on PHP books. Sold 'em on eBay after getting frustrated. So I wrote one. 

Yeah, I'm a web designer by trade. I "do" HTML and ColdFusion. But, it took me a long time to "get" PHP. I wasn't exactly sure why at first, but as I looked more and more into PHP development, I finally figured it out. IT LOOKS LIKE A PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE. Gross. Not a good thing for web designers who want functionality that PHP offers but hate the fact that they have to add "Programmer" to their resume. So, What's cool about PHP?? 

It's free - You don't need to buy some special development tool to code in it. 
It's widely supported - Web hosts EVERYWHERE have PHP installed, and often in their cheapest plans too. Try that with ColdFusion or ASP. 
It's functional - Most everything you might want to do with a website can be done with PHP - it has very few limitations. 

My pain is your gain. I never found "the" product that would help me learn PHP the way I needed to...so I wrote this for myself over several months' time, and you are cashing in on my suffering. Anyone got some aspirin?? 

OK, Why "I HATE PHP" over someone else's book? 

People that have a lot of knowledge in a specific area have a difficult time looking at it from a newcomer's perspective, and writing as such. I'm not a PHP "guru" by any means - and I understand how hard it can be to grasp a concept. It's split up into 3 sections, specifically written to start simple and build skills...with real world usage examples included! 
I start with the basics of PHP - echoing to the screen, setting variables, using includes, etc. and move up from there to more advanced topics such as arrays, loops, and functions. Then it's on to MySQL - connecting, reading, inserting - enough to get you started. 

Who should read this e-book? 

If you are familiar with HTML and can edit text documents in Notepad...you can understand this. I wrote this with novice-to-intermediate webmasters, designers, and internet marketers in mind. Don't expect a lot of high-level programming in here. You're not going to learn to build a complete shopping cart application from reading this - but it will help you understand functionality behind the cart.
