Kaspersky Internet Security 2012
-----------------------------------------

Premium Protection
-----------------------

Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 delivers premium protection from viruses, Trojans, spam, hackers, and more. Its cutting-edge, hybrid approach to digital security combines innovative, cloud-based technologies with advanced antivirus protection to deliver a faster, more effective response to today’s complex, ever-evolving threats. You, your private data and PC are completely protected as you work, bank, shop and play online.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Benefits

Enjoy secure online banking and shopping

Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 warns you about potential phishing attacks and malicious websites and secures your sensitive personal information such as login credentials, credit card details, etc. Enjoy complete peace of mind when you shop and bank online!

Get effective protection from unknown threats

Block unknown malware threats with the help of automatic monitoring, analysis and Kaspersky Lab’s cloud-based technologies that detect malware behavior patterns in application and system activities before they can harm your PC.

Communicate in safety on your favorite social networks

Our security software constantly monitors Internet traffic and protects you from accidentally launching malware or following links to phishing websites when you are using Facebook, Twitter and other social networks. Plus, your account details, pictures and other personal information stay safe.

Get immediate protection from emerging threats

Keep your computer protected against the latest malware threats with the help of cloud-based technologies that leverage information from the Kaspersky Security Network [KSN] - Kaspersky Lab’s globally-distributed threat monitoring network which gathers information regarding new threats from millions of users’ computers around the globe.

Roll back changes made by malware

Safely undo changes that malware makes to your computer, ensuring no harm comes to your PC.

Benefit from hybrid protection

Whenever and wherever you use your PC and the Internet, take advantage of hybrid protection that brings together the latest information about malware threats from the cloud with the security capabilities in Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 installed on your computer for unbeatable protection.

Protect your identity from phishing attacks

Prevent cybercriminals from stealing your digital identity thanks to anti-phishing protection technologies inside Kaspersky Lab’s Internet security software which leverage lists of known phishing websites, proactive anti-phishing technologies and the latest information from the cloud.

Supervise your children’s computer use

You manage when and how often your children access the PC and Internet and which games, websites and applications they use. Plus, you choose who your children communicate with via Instant Messaging and social networks and what their messages contain using predefined rules.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Key Features

Kaspersky URL Advisor
Marks web links with a color-coded tag that shows their danger level and allows you to choose whether to open them Improved!
Kaspersky File Advisor
Checks file safety with a single click of the mouse New!
System Watcher
Monitors suspicious application activities and allows you to roll back system changes made by malware Improved!
Application Control
Restricts program access to personal data and system files according to the level of danger that each program presents Improved!
Safe Run Mode
Lets you launch suspicious applications and websites in a special, isolated environment where they cannot harm your computer
Two-way personal firewall
Protects against hacker attacks
Anti-Phishing and Anti-Spam technology
Provides reliable protection for your personal information and guards against unwanted spam and adware Improved!
Parental Control
Provides flexible and effective settings to keep children extra-safe when they use computers and the Internet Improved!
Completely redesigned interface
Makes navigating around security settings inside Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 quick and easy New!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instructions:-

1.Turn off/Unplug/Disconnect your internet connections

2.Click “Manage License” From Right Bottom of Kaspersky, Then click “Activate the application”

3.Enter key: AAAAA-AAAAA-AAAAA-AAAA3

4.Click on Next

5.In the next window, click on Browse

6.Specify the path to any key file from the Key folder

7.Click on Next [If blocked, try another one via same process]

8.After activation, turn on your internet connections