File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:33

[Video]
Resolution : 320x240
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 654 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.29 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Dana Key (December 30, 1953 – June 6, 2010) was an American Christian rock guitarist, singer, and producer who was co-founder of the Christian rock group DeGarmo and Key with keyboardist Eddie DeGarmo, best friends since the first grade. Key was a direct descendant (great-great-great-great-great-great grandson) of Francis Scott Key, the author of The Star-Spangled Banner.

DeGarmo and Key toured the world, headlining and opening with other major Christian Rock bands including Servant, Petra, Joe English, Amy Grant, Resurrection Band, Jesse Dixon, Mylon LeFevre and Broken Heart, and dc Talk (who were both an opening act and members of D&K's roadie crew). Dana released two solo albums as well.

Following retirement, Dana served as the head of Ardent Records, and hosted a TV show, featuring new, younger, Christian bands. Dana had been serving as the pastor of a small church in Cordova, Tennessee, The Love of Christ Church (tlc).

Dana Key died due to a ruptured blood clot on Sunday, June 6, 2010 at age 56, according to CCM Magazine's website.

Part of the Mystery (Dana Key solo album):

Tracks: "Part of the Mystery", "By Divine Design", "Invisible Kingdom", "That's What Love is About", "Dear Mr. Clapton", "Rain On", "Daniel", "Liar, Lunatic or Lord", "Prisoner of Chillon", "Mary"

DeGarmo & Key was a Christian Rock group that started professionally in 1978. The primary members were Eddie DeGarmo and Dana Key. Eddie played keyboards and sang background vocals (and occasionally lead), while Dana played lead guitar and did the majority of the lead vocals. Other members included Tommy Cathey on bass and Greg Morrow on drums. The group's music was of the pop and rock genres. Their best known songs are: Destined to Win (also the title of their 1992's early "best of" album: Destined to Win), Let the Whole World Sing, Six, Six, Six, Boycott Hell, Every Moment, and Casual Christian. Also most noted for their 1986 album "Streetlight", their 1987 album D&K, and their 1989 album "The Pledge". Other notable musicians who have recorded and/or toured with DeGarmo & Key include:Kenny Porter(bass), Kevin Rodell (drums), Chuck Reynolds (drums), Steve Taylor (guitar) (not related to another Steve Taylor, also a popular CCM artist) and Mark Pogue (guitar).

Eddie and Dana have individually recorded solo albums.

During Spring 2007 Dana and Eddie received the ASCAP Vision Award at the 29th Annual ASCAP Christian Music Awards.

Dana Key and Eddie DeGarmo reunited to do a concert October 21 2007 at TLC Church in Cordova, Tennessee.

DeGarmo and Key played at the 2008 Cornerstone Festival in Bushnell, IL.

Dana Key died on June 6, 2010 from complications associated with a blood clot; although he had previous health problems, his death was unexpected.

The duo has been selected for the Gospel Music Association's Hall of Fame, and is scheduled for induction in January 2011.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/