 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 41 - Corporation Nation & Prisons for Profit

POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 41 - Corporation Nation & Prisons for Profit


POtHS Comment: This is the truth


Corporation Nation:
Grabbed these from various sources and compiled them here. Enjoy...

Corporation Nation Master
Introduction - The New Problem with No Name

The corporate mystique is a set of cherished beliefs and illusions at the very heart of American culture.  We are all, in some measure, captives of the new mystique, which is at the root of the way we think about the most important institutions in our society-chief among them corporations themselves.  The corporate mystique dictates how we think about not only what corporations are and the importance of their roles in our lives, but what government and markets, business and democracy, and the good life are all about.  It is the main recipe for how to live and think in a corporate world.  

Corporation Nation 2:
The Great Pension Fund Hoax!  

This 4 hour presentation is part 2 of the Corporation Nation series. While a shorter, condensed version will be released soon, The Great Pension Fund Hoax is presented as documentary evidence of corruption and greed within our government and as a reference work.

This is not for entertainment.

Understanding this information about the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) system of accounting in government will answer the question that has eluded you for so long, just as it did me...

Why?

Why do corporations get away with murder?  Why does government allow this to happen by passing laws and regulations, and deregulating the very framework that these corporations operate within, both nationally and internationally?  Why are We, the People suffering at the hands of this oligarchical government, while our taxpayer dollars are being used against us?  And why does there seem to be no difference between the private sector and the public one?

Answer: Because government the owns it all!!!


PBS Now - Prisons For Profit 2008:
Corporations are running many Americans prisons, but will they put profits before prisoners?  A grim new statistic: One in every hundred Americans is now locked behind bars. As the prison population grows faster than the government can build prisons, private companies see an opportunity for profit.

NOW on PBS investigates the government's trend to outsource prisons and prisoners to the private sector. Critics accuse private prisons of standing in the way of sentencing reform and sacrificing public safety to maximize profits.  "The notion that a corporation making a profit off this practice is more important to us than public safety or the human rights of prisoners is outrageous," Judy Greene, a criminal policy analyst, tells NOW on PBS.  Companies like Corrections Corporation of America say they're doing their part to solve the problem of inmate overflow and a shortage of beds without sacrificing safety.


Death For Profit  2011:
Roberto Martinez-Medina died in CCA's Stewart Detention Center in Georgia in 2009. Medina had been arrested a month earlier for not having a driver's license.  CCA whistle-blower Brian Holcomb spoke with us exclusively to expose how the company repeatedly ignored Medina's pleas for care of his heart ailment while he was imprisoned. Their negligence contributed to Medina's death.

CCA profited off of Medina's incarceration, and ensured a greater profit by denying him critical health care. The inhumane conditions at CCA facilities are directly related to their obsession in cutting costs for profit.
CCA has gone to great lengths to hush Medina's death.
 
http://mycuentame.org/immigrantsforsale/


The Enemy Within - A Global Conspiracy:
Since our nation’s inception in 1776 – cold, cunning conspirators have sought to undermine our political sovereignty for their own personal profit.  Behind a facade of corporate and congressional respectability, a cabal of ruthless men use extortion and murder to steal our nation’s wealth and turn the United States into a fascist war-machine that inexorably threatens the entire world. But now at last, the American people are rising to unmask.
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    



         
                           