Marvel Ultimate Alliance




Gameplay

For the past three years, Raven Software has satisfied the button-mashing needs of millions of gamers with X-Men Legends and its sequel, The Rise of Apocalypse. Finally, Raven is set to take on the entire Marvel Universe. Gone are XML's cartoonish character models that lacked detail. Instead, we are given fully-realized 3D renditions of some of Marvel's greatest heroes and villains. The core game remains the same. Ultimate Alliance is a four-player top-down brawler where you pummel an endless army of villains. The new visual style and handful of gameplay tweaks prove enough to keep the formula from feeling stale. 

A Date with Doom 
When Doctor Doom assaults the SHIELD Helicarrier, an emergency call is sent to all available heroes. Why Doom would choose to make such a direct attack and draw the attention of the world's mightiest heroes is curious, but there's no time to contemplate the reasoning behind the attack. You must first punch things and make them explode. Questions can be asked later. 


In the quest to stop Doom from gaining the power to remake the universe in his image, your faithful troop of heroes will traverse across the Marvel Universe. Though the action begins on the SHIELD Helicarrier, the heroes soon find themselves in some of Marvel's most famed locales. You'll trade quips with Namor in Atlantis, deal punishing blows to demons in Asgard and attempt to topple Galactus, the World Eater, on the Skrull Throneworld. 

Avengers Assemble! 
Over the course of this galactic adventure, you'll have access to 25 playable Marvel characters. Some, including Spider-Man, Thor and Wolverine, are true legends. Others are b-list characters including Blade and Elektra, apparently thrown in to ride the wave of popularity from mildly successful feature films. 

There is a definite imbalance in the characters. Ms. Marvel is useless as is the aforementioned Blade and Elektra. However, just about any character can get enough upgrades to survive in combat. It would have been nice to see more bonafide superheroes in the mix. Big, green superheroes. But there are at least a half-dozen good characters which is more than enough to enjoy a four-player beat-'em-up. 

Almost every character comes with three alternate costumes, unlocked only when you play as that character. The alternate costumes are absolutely fantastic. Some characters have little history with eccentric alternative wear, such as the Thing, who basically is a big orange rock dude in pants no matter what time period you look toward. So unlocking different pant lengths isn't going to give you much of a thrill. Then there are those who change costumes with every season. Spidey has a walk-in closet full of potential outfits, but gets three of the better classic wear: Symbiote Suit, Scarlet Spider and the new Iron Spider costume. 


The costumes aren't just for show this year. Each has three upgradeable stats that affect how your character performs. One outfit may allow you to increase the Max Health and the rate of XP gained while another gives a bonus to a specific type of attack and increases defense. Ultimately, the type of upgrade proves far less important than dressing your hero to the nines. Does it really matter what kind of bonus you get from donning Asgardian Armor? Thor makes that look good. 

As if that weren't enough customization, you also can create your own super team. After selecting the appropriate icon and name to properly represent your team, you choose four charter members. Anytime you play with at least three members you gain Team Experience. As the team levels up, you can add more roster spots and improve overall performance with enhanced damage and upgraded health. In some ways this defies the idea of having two-dozen playable characters. If anything, this will discourage play with a variety of heroes. Still, it's nice to think that the "Pinko Avengers" can be a reality -- at least in a virtual world. 

Button-Mashing for Daredevils 
If you've never played either X-Men Legends title, the gameplay is easy to understand. You progress across a linear path and bash in the face of hundreds of enemies on the way to a boss battle. It's simple, yet addictive. Though at first glance it would seem Raven has done little to change this formula, it actually has made some simple but significant upgrades. 

In previous iterations, you selected a power to use and then watched the animation happen. Ultimate Alliance gives each character at least one power that has added interactivity. Doctor Strange, for example, has a low-powered energy burst. But you can keep mashing the button so long as you have energy and unleash a rapid-fire burst. That trigger-happy mashing adds extra joy to combat.


MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

3D hardware accelerator card required - 100% DirectX(R) 9.0c compatible 128MB video card and drivers*
Operating System: Microsoft(R) Windows(R) 2000/XP
Processor: Intel(R) Pentium(R) 4 2.0 GHz or AMD Athlon(TM) XP 2000+ (1.6 GHz).
RAM: 512MB of RAM
Hard Drive Space: 8 GB minimum hard drive space (plus 400 MB for the Windows(R) swap file)
Sound Card: DirectX(R) 9.0c compatible true 16-bit sound card and drivers
DirectX(R) Version: 9.0c (Included)
DVD-ROM: 100% Windows(R) 2000/XP compatible 2X speed or better DVD-ROM drive and drivers
Controls: 100% Windows(R) 2000/XP compatible mouse, keyboard and drivers
Additionally Supported Peripherals: 100% Windows(R) 2000/XP compatible USB Gamepad

*Supported Chipsets for Windows(R) 2000/XP
All NVIDIA(R) GeForce(R) 7300 128MB and better chipsets
All ATI(R) Radeon(TM) X1300 128MB and better chipsets

*Important Note: Some 3D accelerator cards with the chipsets listed here may not be compatible with the 3D acceleration features utilized by Marvel(TM): Ultimate Alliance.  Please refer to your hardware manufacturer for 100% DirectX(R) 9.0c compatibility.

Installation

1:Unpack with 7zip or winrar
2:Open Marvel Ultimate Alliance Folder
3:Run GAME.EXE
4:Play
Ma