FTV Girls - Ashley & Brianna - No Inhibitions

Ashley's Comments: Me and Brianna aren't shy!  I proved that to you in my videos where I masturbated, played around and got naked outside for everyone to see.  I like being the exhibitionist, and when I know a camera is on me, I'll be extra daring.  I think I'd even be more explicit if the photographer had let me.  So yeah, we sat down at this cafe, while to older ladies watched us make out and suck on each others' nipples.  Just knowing it was freaking them out made it that much more fun.  I just had to pull out my vibrator and turn it on and see their reaction.  I so wanted to go down on Brianna pretty pussy but the photographer told us in advance no oral sex here.  So what?  Well I got to try it out on the other side of the mall, where the photographer claimed it wasn't as busy.  With people walking by and many people at the store, including a security guard, I had to go and eat Brianna out!  Next stop, some places on the street!  I couldn't believe it, on a fast moving street, guys started stopping to watch, even turn around and take turns around both sides to look.  I loved it!  More guys watching me, the better.  The park ranger was a dipshit, he had a chance to watch us play, but he just came in and forced us to leave.  He looked like a lonely 25 year old, he could've gotten lucky if he only asked.  Who would know? There was nobody around to see it.  As you can guess, my favorite part was all about the dinner table.  Brianna was my dinner date and I ate her out good.  I finger fucked her, and then helped her cum and squirt all over the table.  I licked her pussy juice all up, its nice and warm with that Brianna aroma that so fucking turns me on.  Making me cum was even easier but I wish I could squirt like her.
Brianna's Comments: Hi guys, are you guys happy to see me again?  I like women, and Ashley is someone I've gotten to know recently.  We get along so well, it was a must-have for us to shoot together.  It was planned from the beginning to go to this cafe place and get really intimate on each other.  You can't hear us in the video but we're talking dirty the whole time while those women were sitting next to us.  Ashley really wanted to get those housewives next to us stirred up, she was talking dirty to me and even mentioning those women in her sex talk.  I love her but she was going to get us into trouble!  I've never gone all out like this doing public nudity.  I was having fun though!  Our stops were so random, like the streetcorner, the car dealership, and this strange room in a park.  Every time, we would get caught, and be asked to leave!  I think we should call this video the 'busted' video!  I think the photographer kept us under control though, so that we wouldn't go too crazy and get into more trouble than we'd like.  At the Park, Mister Park Ranger Man was a meanie and asked us to leave, again!  I was so happy to have the rabbit vibrator the photographer gave me, he told me I'd really enjoy the toy and I trusted him on it.  He was right!  It felt so good I came three times and squirted!  I usually don't squirt but recently its a lot more common if I'm having sex and a vibrator on my clit together.

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_847_thumbs_2010.12.03_14.32..jpg

File Size ------- 319mb
Length ---------- 42:21
Resolution ------ 720x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Thanks to (anonymous) for the generous seedbox donation.