At the beginning of the last century, Esther, a young Jewish Polish woman, arrives in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to meet her fiancé and start a new life after crossing the world. What she finds, however, is something very different: the fiancé she thought was waiting for her does not exist. Everything is a trick, and she is obliged to work as a prostitute in a brothel. At the same time, Rio de Janeiro is a city going through innumerable transformations. The new President of the Republic decided to modernize the city. As part of this plan, the young scientist Oswaldo Cruz is nominated to be chief of the department of Public Health. He initiates his sanitation campaigns, first against yellow fever, for which he creates brigades of mosquito killers. Years of dissatisfaction and a strong political opposition explodes, the event that became known as the "Vaccine Revolt", with the population taking control of the streets and constructing barricades in the city. "Sonhos Tropicais" accompanies the lives of these two personalities, their dreams and deceptions, in this moment of great changes in the history of the country.

Of the countless revolts in Brazilian history, the Vaccine Revolt is the most bizarre. In 1904, an epidemic of smallpox was threatening Rio de Janeiro. Oswaldo Cruz (now a national hero) is the brilliant but naive scientist who develops a vaccine and — with only the public welfare in mind — persuades the government to make the shots mandatory. The people were unwilling, and in what became the largest public rebellion in Rio's history they took control of the streets for four days. Sonhos Tropicais (Tropical Dreams) enlightens us to how an act of good intentions could be the catalyst for such a tragedy. The character of Esther provides a view into the common population who already have plenty of reasons to be mad at the police and the government, and whose anger is focused against the vaccine mandate by men with hidden motives. A great movie. 


   General
      Complete name : Sonhos Tropicais.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 1.50 GiB
      Duration : 2h 4mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 730 Kbps
      Writing application : FairUse Wizard - http://fairusewizard.com
      Writing library : The best and REALLY easy backup tool
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 2h 4mn
      Bit rate : 1 528 Kbps
      Width : 624 pixels
      Height : 336 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 1.857
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.304
      Stream size : 1.32 GiB (88%)
      Writing library : XviD 1.2.1 (UTC 2008-12-04)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : AC-3
      Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
      Codec ID : 2000
      Duration : 2h 4mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 192 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Channel positions : L R
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Stream size : 170 MiB (11%)
      Alignment : Split accross interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 42 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0297402/

Portuguese (with some Yidish) audio; English, Spanish and Portuguese subpack