 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117247/

There aren't too many capable scriptwriters in Hollywood who know anything about true love and real romance. They do know about confusion, hysteria, bickering, 
demeaning, being malicious and generally retarded about what it is the stuff is
truly all about.

As such when they find a shallow script such as this one, they feel they've done
their job - as after all they did put together stars with potential - and the rest 
wasn't meant to happen in any other way of a nice outcome than  that at least they 
tried to make it look like an effort - however pathetic that may be.

We do learn something of dysfunctional children - a result of incompetent circumstances of child rearing along the way - with no clue other than by gosh and by golly - and little real love there too for when mom and dad deserve it too
as no one wants to second guess a child other than to read them the rules of when 
bedtimes are to observed as adequate enough measure of respect for their own
parents equally! such as that is - tut tut

No child should have the pent up anger that causes him to strike at his mother
as does this young boy while his mother is asleep and so is the audience I gather
- as i would have a heart attack seeing a gal as Michelle Pfeiffer acted upon
in what is against her spirit - even if its only a shallow scriptwriter who is
to blame rather than the nice kid I bet!


George Clooney has some nice Irish-Italian appeal with some Greek and Spanish
macho tendencies thrown in too - the stuff of real romance given the lovely
Germanic Michelle Pfeiffer is "to die for" equally - and then some! What a 
lovely gal!

Yet we do not see this potential explored in any real way, simply avoidance 
and obfuscation by the reluctant story teller to do otherwise - so as to have
seemed apologetic all the way - lest anything become of this prospect after all
- god forbid it would seem!

At the end of it, its an incompetent lot that tell a story of an incompetent culture that has yet to define its success in any other way than a compliance
with the inane of whatever goes - on TV! how sad that is after all

Other than catchwords and buzzwords and speaking in feigns - no romantic
wisdom is apparent it seems and therefore none to speak of in fact!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo


850meg movie file with fullscreen 16:9 format Xvid video featuring 192k audio
for the loveliest song by Van Morrison "Have I told you lately" is a central feature of the soundtrack theme and music.


subtitles found for the following thus far: (1hr 48 minute version)

Bulgarian
Croatian
Czech
Polish
Romanian
Serbian
Spanish
Swedish

 











