1962 - Road to Hong Kong - Bob Hope, Bing Crosby

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1022kbps 
Duration.............: 1:31:31
Resolution...........: 600*374 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 841,097,100 
SUBTITLES............: English, Spanish, French

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Road_to_Hong_Kong
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056417/
 
http://bayimg.com/bALKKaAdb


The Road to Hong Kong (1962) starring Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, and Joan Collins, was the last in the long-running Road to … series and the only episode not produced by Paramount Pictures, though reference to the other films in the series are shown in Maurice Binder's opening title sequence. Norman Panama directed the movie.


***NOTE*** - Wikipedia notes that issues regarding copyright conflicts and idiotic studio descisions regarding film storage and treatment have left the final 3 films in this series in less-than-perfect condition. Unlike the first four, this DVD did not provide a high quality print. Still, it is the best AVI rip currently available of the film. The commercial DVD is no better. Here's hoping someday someone releases a superior commercial copy. 

Cast

Bing Crosby ... Harry Turner
Bob Hope ... Chester Babcock
Joan Collins ... Diane (3rd Echelon agent)
Robert Morley ... Leader of the 3rd Echelon
Walter Gotell ... Dr. Zorbb (3rd Echelon scientist)
Sir Felix Aylmer ... Grand Lama
Alan Gifford ... American official
Michele Mok ... Mr. Ahso
Katya Douglas ... 3rd Echelon receptionist
Roger Delgado ... Jhinnah
Robert Ayres ... American official
Mei Ling ... Ming Toy
Jacqueline Jones ... Blonde at airport
Yvonne Shima ... Poon Soon
Dorothy Lamour ... Herself

Plot and Production

Filming in England at Shepperton Studios, the regular "Road" picture stars Crosby and Hope returned for one last go, but the leading lady was now Joan Collins rather than Dorothy Lamour. Lamour did make a cameo appearance as herself late in the film. Other cameos are provided by David Niven, Peter Sellers, Roger Delgado, Jerry Colonna, Frank Sinatra, and Dean Martin.

Hope's character is named "Chester Babcock," an in joke because songwriter James Van Heusen was born Edward Chester Babcock. The lamasery where Hope goes to restore his memory is reused from Black Narcissus.[1] Peter Sellers' appearance as an Indian physician involves extended interplay with Crosby and Hope.

In her autobiography, Lamour wrote that Crosby had felt her too old to be a leading lady whilst Hope refused to do the film without her. Her extended cameo that featured her singing with Hope and Crosby was a compromise.[2]

The plot involves espionage and space rockets, being reminiscent of Dr. No and hence is part of the spy craze of the 1960s. Hope and Crosby are up against a SPECTRE type organisation called "The Third Echelon" who have their own underwater secret headquarters and are led by Robert Morley with James Bond film regular Walter Gotell as "Dr. Zorbb". The film's art director is another Bond film regular, Syd Cain.

Hope, Crosby and Collins end up in a rocket bound for another planet. There they meet a new comedy team -- "The Italians!" as Hope calls them, Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin.

Although the movie features the same kind of antics and gags as previous episodes, with all characters trying their utmost to help each other, the film was not as well-received as its predecessors.

This is the only "Road" film to have its rights retained by the original producer/distributor (where all the previous films are now at the hands of other companies), although today MGM (UA's sister studio) handles distribution and marketing on behalf of UA.