Official Web Site:   http://www.koingosw.com/products/alarmclockpro.php

Waking up to headache-inducing buzzers and static-plagued radio stations can now be confined to your past. Alarm Clock Pro enables you to design your daily routine and perform various tasks automatically, such as starting your favorite iTunes playlist!

With the sheer amount of functionality Alarm Clock Pro offers, it can easily integrate into nearly every aspect of your life. Speak or display favorite inspirational quotes randomly throughout the day, or even send them as text messages to your cell phone! Have important reminders, or even birthday cards, e-mailed to contacts. Record laps with the Stopwatch. Track time differences for your investment portfolio. Even use it to help cook dinner by using the timer!

In addition to Alarm Clock Pro’s extensive list of programmable tasks, it also offers flexibility when it comes to timing alarms. Many solutions offer the ability to set alarms based on a specific date. However, Alarm Clock Pro can also initiate alarms based on a recurring monthly, weekly, daily, hourly, or even minutely schedule! Even start a countdown timer based on a specific time interval.

Features
Alarm Events
Adjust the system volume
Bounce the Dock icon
Bring Alarm Clock Pro foremost
Change iTunes volume
Compose an e-mail
Display an alarm notice
Flash the menubar icon
Logout
Modify the system volume mute setting
Open a file
Open a URL
Perform a shell command
Perform an AppleScript action
Ping a web URL
Play a random iTunes song
Play an iTunes Playlist
Play an iTunes web broadcast
Play multimedia files
Play the system beep
Play/Pause iTunes
Put the computer to sleep
Quit Alarm Clock Pro
Record an entry to the system console
Restart the computer
Send a text message
Send an e-mail
Send an e-mail with a screenshot and/or web cam shot
Show a text alert
Show an alert in GROWL
Shutdown the computer
Speak a random line of text
Speak some text
Stop iTunes
Take a screenshot (with an optional timestamp)
Take a web cam shot (with an optional timestamp)
Toggle the screensaver
Alarm Types
Specific dates (ie. May 11, 2011 at 7:30 AM)
Dynamic dates (ie. [Every Month] [All Days], [All Years] at 5:00 PM)
Relative dates (ie. 1st and 3rd Monday and Friday of [Every Month] at 2:00 PM)
Weekly dates (ie. Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday)
Specified number of minutes past the hour (chimes)
Timers — alarms that execute after a specified amount of time
Alarm Tools
Snooze alarms
Snooze alarms on varying intervals
Exclusions (days alarms will not ring)
Extend alarm execution date by a specified amount of time
Create templates (presets) for new alarms
Auto launch Alarm Clock Pro when needed and/or on login
View this month’s current calendar with alarm events on it
Alarm Menu — easy to access menubar (or taskbar) icon with alarm details
Import events from iCal or Address Book
Miscellaneous
Calculate the difference between two time periods or time zones
Stopwatch with lap counter
View the current computer uptime
Task list with priorities and random viewer that can speak items
Create custom on-screen clocks with transparencies!
Auto-open custom clocks or windows on launch
Key Smasher that performs a user-specified action on any key press
Warning if past alarms have not rung
Integration with the Apple Remote to perform a user-specified action on button press.
Resize Clock — onscreen clock which can become full screen. Customizable colors, background, and font style.
Swim Clock — basic full screen clock.
Prevent Alarm Clock Pro from being allowed to quit.

WHAT'S NEW

Version 9.4.2:

* Bug Fix: Collections can now be dragged and dropped into once again.

* Bug Fix: Removed integration with Power Manager from App Store 

builds to conform to Apple's requirements to the App Store.


System Requirements:

10.5 and later

--- PLEASE SEED ---