Update your game with the latest patch from Bethesda. Extract and copy files to your \Oblivion\Data\ Folder.

List of DLC in this torrent:

1.  Knights of the Nine  (Quest Add-on)
2.  Shivering Isles      (Expansion)
3.  Horse Armor Pack     (Item Add-on)
4.  Spell Tomes          (Item Add-on)
5.  Mehrunes' Razor      (Quest Add-on)
6.  Orrery               (Quest Add-on)
7.  Fighter's Stronghold (House Add-on)
8.  Thieves Den          (House Add-on)
9.  Vile Lair            (House Add-on)
10. Wizard's Tower       (House Add-on)



Knights of the Nine

A fallen King has been unchained from the darkness of Oblivion to seek
vengeance upon the Gods who banished him. Only a champion pure of heart
can vanquish the evil that has been released upon the land. You must
heed the call, reclaim the lost relics of the Divine Crusader, and
return the Nine to glory. New dungeons, characters, quests, and
mysteries await.


Shivering Isles

Shivering Isles is the first and only major expansion for Oblivion. It
takes place in Sheogorath's plane of Oblivion. Sheogorath seeks a mortal
as his champion. Many mysteries await your investigations in this twisted,
split reality that the Prince of Madness calls the Shivering Isles.


Horse Armor Pack

Tamriel is a dangerous place. Protect your horse from danger with this
beautiful handcrafted armor.

The Horse Armor Pack for Oblivion gives you the ability to outfit your
favorite horse with a set of stylish armor. Snak Gra-Bura of the
Chestnut Handy Stables outside of the Imperial City has recently
opened her new business and she's making horse armor available to the
adventurers of the Imperial Province. You can choose elegant elven
armor or durable steel to protect your mount from the dangers of
Cyrodiil.


Spell Tomes

This pack adds "Spell Tomes" to the world’s random treasure. These books
grant you wondrous and powerful magic spells, just by reading them! Now
Mages will also gain instant benefits by treasure hunting. Friend and foe
alike will bow in awe before your power.


Mehrunes' Razor

Conquer one of the deepest and most challenging dungeons in all of
Cyrodiil to claim this fearsome weapon.

The lost Ayleid City Varsa Baalim has been unearthed by a rogue Telvanni
arch-mage, in pursuit of a fearsome Daedric Artifact, Mehrunes' Razor,
which he believes will give him the power he needs to topple the Imperial
reign - but what horrors lie in wait beneath the Valus mountains; and can
you overcome them to claim Mehrunes' Razor as your own?


Orrery

Harness the power of the stars. Rebuild the defiled Orrery and unlock the
secrets of this Mages Guild Inner Sanctum.

The Orrery Pack for Oblivion allows you to help the Mages Guild of
Cyrodiil repair the Imperial Orrery, an ancient dwarven machine with
mystical properties. Bandits have stolen a shipment of parts destined for
the Arcane University; if you can return them, the Orrery will function
once more.


Fighter's Stronghold

Defeat the attacking marauders and become lord of Battlehorn Castle.
Located in the Colovian Highlands west of Chorrol, this expansive castle
will allow you to live the life of a noble warrior, with private quarters,
grand dining hall, wine cellar, barracks, training room and more. And what
castle would be complete without a few hidden passages and dark secrets?


Thieves Den

Uncover a famous pirate's lost ship and claim it for your own. Designed
for stealth-based characters.

The Thieves Den provides you with everything you need to outfit your
stealth-based character for missions. Rediscover the legendary Dunbarrow
Cove and the ancient pirate ship Red Sabre. Dunbarrow Cove not
only provides a home base to operate out of, you can purchase new vendors,
trainers, and even an upgrade to your sleeping quarters with the loot from
your heists.


Vile Lair

Deepscorn Hollow is an asylum for the wicked, a refuge from the
persecution of the virtuous. Designed for evil characters.

This underwater hideout provides your infamous character with safe haven.
Those willingly inflicted (or shall we say graced?) with vampirism will
find a means to feed, and if necessary, a means to cure their affliction.
Hire evil minions, pray to the dark god Sithis, and a host of other
functions await.


Wizard's Tower

In the frozen mountains of Cyrodiil stands Frostcrag Spire, a tower of
wonders for your magic-oriented character to call home.

Located high in the Jerall Mountains of Cyrodiil away from prying eyes,
this add-on makes the Wizard's Tower, Frostcrag Spire, become available.
Packed with numerous useful enhancements, this structure will prove
invaluable to magic-oriented characters.