PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 3 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: 6E2D0B15B073AE3A5D60E107B09E4297EAEDCB3B
File Size: 577.26 MB
Year: Capitol / EMI
Catalog #: 72435-60322-2-4


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Raging Bull is a 1980 American biographical sports drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, and adapted by Paul Schrader and Mardik Martin from the Jake La Motta memoir Raging Bull: My Story. It stars Robert De Niro as Jake LaMotta, a middleweight boxer whose sadomasochistic rage, sexual jealousy, and animalistic appetite destroyed his relationship with his wife and family. Also featured in the film are Joe Pesci as Joey, La Motta's well-intentioned brother and manager who tries to help Jake battle his inner demons; and Cathy Moriarty as his abused wife. The film features supporting roles from Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, and Frank Vincent.

Scorsese was initially reluctant to develop the project, though he eventually came to relate to La Motta's story. Schrader re-wrote Martin's first screenplay, and Scorsese and De Niro together made uncredited contributions thereafter. Pesci was an unknown actor prior to the film, as was Moriarty, who was suggested for her role by Pesci. During principal photography, each of the boxing scenes was choreographed for a specific visual style and De Niro gained approximately 70 pounds (32 kg) to portray La Motta in his early post-boxing years. Scorsese was exacting in the process of editing and mixing the film, expecting it to be his last major feature.

After receiving mixed initial reviews (and criticism due to its violent content), it went on to garner a high critical reputation and is now widely regarded among the greatest films ever made, including by Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times, renowned British motion picture historian Leslie Halliwell, the American Film Institute, Time magazine, The New York Times, Variety, Entertainment Weekly, Empire magazine, Total Film, Film 4, BFI's and Sight and Sound. It was listed in the National Film Registry in 1990, its first year of eligibility. 





Raging Bull 1980


Martin Scorsese decided to assemble a soundtrack made of music that was popular at the time using his personal collection of 78s. With the help of Robbie Robertson the songs were carefully chosen so they would be the ones that one would hear on the radio, at the pool or in bars and clubs reflecting the mood of that particular era.[61][62] Some lyrics from songs would be slipped into some dialogue. The Intermezzo from Cavalleria rusticana by Italian composer Pietro Mascagni would serve as the main theme to Raging Bull after a successful try-out by Scorsese and the editor, Thelma Schoonmaker over the film's opening titles.[62] Two other Mascagni pieces were used in the film: the Barcarolle from Silvano, and the Intermezzo from Guglielmo Ratcliff.[63] A two-CD soundtrack was released in 2005, long after the film was released, because of earlier difficulties receiving permissions for many of the songs, which Scorsese selected from his childhood memories growing up in New York.


Tracks:



Disc 1 

1.	Cavalleria Rusticana Intermezzo - Orchestra of Bologna Municop Thetra 
2.	Jersey Bounce - Benny Goodman & His Orchestra 
3.	Prisoner of Love - Russ Columbo 
4.	Just One More Chance - Bing Crosby 
5.	Cow - Cow Boogie 
6.	Vivere - Carlo Buti 
7.	Whispering Grass (Don't Tell the Trees) - The Ink Spots 
8.	Two O'Clock Jump - Harry James & His Orchestra 
9.	Drum Boogie - Gene Krupa & His Orchestra 
10.	All or Nothing at All - Harry James & His Orchestra 
11.	Flash - Harry James & His Orchestra 
12.	My Reverie - Larry Clinton & His Orchestra 
13.	Stornelli Fiorentini - Carlo Buti 
14.	Webster Hall - Robbie Robertson 
15.	Big Noise from Winnetka - Bob Crosby & the Bob Cat Orchestra 
16.	Frenesi - Artie Shaw & His Orchestra 
17.	Do I Worry? - The Ink Spots 
18.	Turi Giuliano - Orazio Strano 




Disc 2

1.	Silvano Barcarolle - Orchestra of Bologna Municop Thetra 
2.	Stone Cold Dead in the Market - Ella Fitzgerald 
3.	Nao Tenho Lagrimas - Patrício Teixeira 
4.	Heartaches - Ted Weems & His Orchestra 
5.	A New Kind of Love - Robbie Robertson 
6.	Till Then - The Mills Brothers 
7.	Mona Lisa - Nat King Cole 
8.	That's My Desire - Manny Klein 
9.	Guglielmo Ratcliff Intermezzo - Orchestra of Bologna Municop Thetra 
10.	Bye, Bye, Baby - Marilyn Monroe 
11.	That's Entertainment - Robert DeNiro 
12.	Blue Velvet - Tony Bennett 
13.	Scapricciatiello (Infatuation) - Renato Carosone 
14.	Come Fly with Me - Frank Sinatra 
15.	Medley - Louis Prima 
16.	Lonely Nights - The Hearts 
17.	Prisoner of Love - Perry Como 
18.	Cavalleria Rusticana Intermezzo - Orchestra of Bologna Municop Thetra 
19.	At Last - Robbie Robertson 




Enjoy :)
