Sacred Odyssey: Rise of Ayden v1.x.x
Requirements: A supported device, read the .docx file
Operating System: Android
Overview: Plunge into the most ambitious Action RPG ever released on Android! Become Ayden, a young hero chosen by the god Uryah to save the kingdom of Lasgalen from the Apocalypse. Sacred Odyssey: Rise of Ayden is an amazing adventure in a majestic world that will fascinate you for countless hours.




Updated @ 07-05-2011: Added Tegra (LG 990/999) and Samsung Tablet version

Features:
    The peace of the world is now being threatened. Reunite the 4 fragments of Uryah’s Grail and gain the supernatural powers to defeat Amonbane, the dark lord at the heart of Lasgalen’s suffering.
    The fight against the demonic Amonbane will mean difficult decisions for Ayden, and Princess Lyanora will help him throughout. But when the moment comes to save the world, will Ayden be ready to make the greatest sacrifice?
    Ride your horse, Miya, across the expansive plains of the kingdom and launch powerful sword strikes as you gallop through fields of enemies. Your journey will introduce you to many locations and foes.
    Defeat evil creatures in the Plains of Urvale, fend off enormous bosses in the icy Temple of Altemagus and the volcanic Firepitch Keep to ultimately face Amonbane himself in the royal halls of Kivira Castle.
    Begin your journey with but a simple sword, acquiring new weapons and abilities along the way. Soon, you will wield the Sacred Shield, Locrian Hawk (boomerang), the Nagual Cobra (grappling hook) and even the platinum Gauntlet of Brakor.
    Each new piece of equipment will grant you access to new areas, new techniques and greater danger. They will even help you to overcome the many enigmas and challenges you face.

Sacred Odyssey Rise of Ayden HD v1.0.0: (Retail Supplied by Legion)
Samsung GT-P1000 Galaxy Tab
Samsung SCH-i800 Galaxy Tab
Samsung SGH-T849 GalaxyTab
Samsung SPH-P100 Galaxy Tab

Sacred Odyssey Rise of Ayden HD v1.0.1: (Retail Supplied by ???)
HTC Desire HD
HTC Desire Z
HTC EVO Shift 4G
HTC Incredible S
HTC Inspire 4G
HTC My Touch 4G
HTC Thunderbolt 4G
Sony Ericcson Xperia Play


Sacred Odyssey Rise of Ayden HD v1.0.2/v1.03: (Retail Supplied by ?? (Samsung) and Legion(LG))
Samsung Galaxy S Showcase
Samsung Google Nexus S
Samsung GT-i9000 Galaxy S
Samsung GT-i9000B Galaxy
Samsung GT-i9000T
Samsung SCH-i400 Atlas
Samsung SCH-i500 Fascinate/Galaxy S
Samsung SGH-T959 Vibrant
Samsung SPH-D700 Epic 4G
LG P990 Optimus 2x (Star Dop)
LG P999

Sacred Odyssey Rise of Ayden HD v1.0.6: (Retail Supplied by Twingo)
Sony Ericcson Xperia Play
Sony Ericcson Xperia Play R800x