                          S  K  I  D  R  O  W

                          .the leading force.



                           proudly presents

                        Fable III (c) Microsoft





  17-05-2011........Release Date <-> Protection......SecuROM + G4WL

  RPG..................Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD





  RELEASE NOTES





It's a Revolution! Fable III is the next blockbuster installment in the

highly praised Fable franchise. Five decades have passed since Fable

II, and Albion has matured into an industrial revolution. However, the

fate of the kingdom is at peril. Lead a revolution to take control of

Albion, fight alongside your people, and experience love and loss while

defending the kingdom against a looming threat. Your choices as ruler

will lead to consequences felt across the entire land. Who will you

become  A rebel without a cause, the tyrant you rebelled against, or

the greatest ruler to ever live



Features



Exciting PC features: Built from the ground up for the PC gamer.



Experience the "hardcore mode" option for greater difficulty, enjoy

additional in-game content, and even play Fable 3 in stunning 3D,

thanks to NVIDIA technology!



Be the hero and forge your own destiny: Storytelling comes to life as

"Fable III" puts you and your hero in the center of an epic journey

that traces your rise from revolutionary to ruler.



Where blockbuster action meets adventure: Your journey spans from the

streets of a thriving and industrialized Albion to the surrounding

battlefields.



Choice and consequence: A core tenet of the  Fable  franchise, players

are presented with infinite choices and consequences that impact the

world.





  INSTALL NOTES





1. Unpack the release

2. Mount or burn image

3. Install using serial: 11111-11111-11111-11111-11111

4. Run setup.exe from the UPDATE folder on the DVD to update game

5. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation

6. Play the game

7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!





  ADDITIONAL NOTES





You need to make an offline Games For Windows Live profile, for being

able to save.





  GREETINGS





 Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK

       CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan





                               ascii art by the

                              godlike & terrific duo

                                  malodix + irokos

                                   titan artdivision