Singer Eva Cassidy had a no.1 album on the British record charts and has gone multi-platinum in the US but she never got to see her own success. The chart-topping album occurred in 2001 and was actually a 1998 release on Washington State- based Blix Records. But Cassidy had already left her physical being, having died in 1996 at the tender age of 33, from melanoma. The recordings that took the world by storm were recorded as early as 1991. The seven albums or compilations released by Blix Street are still huge sellers.

Now comes new music from the beautiful voice of Cassidy with this album of stripped down acoustic guitar and vocal performances recorded live in the studio and at two Washington DC nightclubs. And it's a captivating album. The lead off track is Christine McVie's composition Songbird, the first song that most Cassidy fans heard. But that session was from 1991 and here we are five years later with no overdubs or supporting musicians. Another Cassidy standard is Over The Rainbow, but it's a different version this time. Cassidy performed cover songs in her own way. There are two Cyndi Lauper-related songs here: True Colors and Time After Time. I'm pretty sure Lauper would very much approve of these versions. Old traditional folk songs don't seem out of place either. Wayfaring Stranger and Wade in the Water, fit right in! And, trust me, Cassidy's version of Jesse Fuller's San Francisco Bay Blues, is 180 degrees from the original. The sessions recorded at Blues Alley and another D.C. area club, Pearl's, sound only slightly different from those recorded live in by producer Chris Biondo in his Maryland studio. There is no audience noise and these may have been recorded before or after shows at these clubs.

Blix Street owner Bill Straw licensed these previously unreleased recordings from Cassidy's parents to create this release. Cassidy fans will thank them for giving them new music and new versions of some previous songs to carry on her memory.
(Steve Ramm, amazon.com)

- - -

Eva Cassidy - Simply Eva  2011 
(Blix Street Records)

 1. Songbird
 2. Wayfaring stranger
 3. People get ready
 4. True colours
 5. Who knows where the time goes
 6. Over the rainbow
 7. Kathys song
 8. San Francisco Bay blues
 9. Wade in the water
10. Time after time
11. Autumn leaves
12. I know you by heart
