 http://bayimg.com/jabGmAADB

The Melon Route (2006) 

Put lubenica (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0499072/

Croatian language with Slovenian and English subtitles.

The Melon Route (Croatian: Put lubenica) is a Croatian drama film directed by Branko Schmidt. It was released in 2006.

  Kresimir Mikic  ...  Mirko  
  Mei Sun  ...  Chinese girl  
  Leon Lucev  ...  Seki  
  Armin Omerovic  ...  Meho  
  Emir Hadzihafizbegovic  ...  Gojko  
  Ivo Gregurevic  ...  Cale  
  Slobodan Maksimovic  ...  Edo  
  Zijah Sokolovic  ...  Pauk  
  Darijo Velican  ...  Covjek sa paralizom  
  Elena Dlesk  ...  Ruskinja #1  
  Dora Lipovcan  ...  Ruskinja #2  
  Filip Sovagovic  ...  Lak  
  Iljo Benkovic Drca  ...  Kolega  
  Chen Samin  ...  Stari Kinez  
  Marella Oppenheim  ...  Prevoditeljica  


One of the most terrible ills of our time, people trafficking, follows the so-called Balkans Route for smuggling people into the West. Bosnian and Croatian papers often carry stories about groups of illegal immigrants discovered by the police, and just as frequent are the news of such imimigrants' deaths. The Melon Route is inspired by the true story of twelve illegal immigrants who drowned in the river Sava on the border of Bosnia and Croatia. This event has been enlarged in the script, and seen through the eyes of a young Chinese girl, who loses her father in the accident. She enters into a tenuous relationship with an ex-Croatian Army soldier, a cured drug addict suffering from PTSD, who lost everything in the war. The linguistic and cultural barriers between the two protagonists give an added dimension to the film, shot through by the painful realization that it is hard to carry an inescapable burden: one's place of birth.

This fantastic film could have been an American Western. But it is in the East. Bosnia.Still, it has the mythic landscape, the essential characters, and the ultimate redemption of the soul through action that we have learned to love with our Gregory Pecks and Paul Newmans. The cinematography is so perfect, so rich and evocative, that each frame could be an art photograph hanging in a gallery. The film begins with a pan shot, the fatal river behind silhouettes of defunct war instruments, then a malfunctioning overhead light blinking on and off in an upstairs room. The light reveals the human residue of war, the Bosnian war. A coat hanger of a man, thin and gaunt and dissolute. His burning cigarette is more alive than he. Could this man be absolved of the horror and degradation of war? 



