DCOM DISNEY CHANNEL ORIGINAL MOVIE

Read It and Weep 2006 NL Dutch Subtitled SDTV DVDR-5 PAL - Disney Channel Netherlands NL
Recorded from Analog TV from Disney Channel Netherlands with the Sony RDR-AT105 DVDR-5-Video files based on a Single VOB file that you can direct burn on DVD 4,7GB Disc, or watch them without breaks on your PC/Mac!

Size: 3,58GB
Compression: MPEG2 
Extension: VOB
Audio Language/Taal: English/Engels Stereo AC3 265kbps
Subtitles/Ondertitels : Dutch/Nederlands Nederlandse
Ondertiteld Subtitled Subs NL Ondertiteling
Alone Hard Coded subs
Region/Regio: 4:3 Normal PAL free/vrij
IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0494716/
Rapid.Share: http://freetexthost.com/cl66kwdxa6
Pass: gbvzdv (Only to see links, Rars don\\\'t have password)
(With this service you can download this movie at maximum speed without seeding, but it required paying, and this download can be blocked by Disney)

United States
Family / Adventure
84 Minutes

directed by Paul Hoen
with Kay Panabaker, Danielle Panabaker and Jason Dolley

Join Jamie (Kay Panabaker) on her wild adventure as she goes from regular girl to media darling after her journal is accidentally turned in for a writing contest and becomes a best-selling book. Even though she gave fictional names to the nasty popular crowd at school and characterized herself as the very cool "IS" (Danielle Panabaker), Jamie’s world spins totally out of control when the truth comes out. With the help of her true friends, she learns some major lessons about the importance of being yourself.

Jamie is een gefrustreerde tiener en houdt een dagboek bij. Na een tijdje verzint ze de fictieve Is. Is is een populaire dame en is nergens bang voor. Door een misverstand levert ze dit per ongeluk in bij een opdracht Engels. Het valt in de smaak en haar verhalen worden uitgebracht. Al snel begint Is bij iedereen in de smaak te vallen, maar neemt ook Jamie's leven over!

Please seed to a minimum of 1.000 to keep the torrent online!
Thank you!		