Regina Spektor, born February 18, 1980, is a Russian-born, Jewish, New York-residing singer-songwriter and pianist. Her music is associated with the anti-folk scene centered in New York City's East Village. 

Her songs show influences from folk, punk, rock, Jewish, Russian, hip hop, jazz, and classical music. Spektor has said that she works hard to ensure that each of her songs has its own musical style, rather than trying to develop a distinctive style for her music as a whole. 

Spektor has a broad vocal range and uses the full extent of it. She also explores a variety of different and somewhat unorthodox vocal techniques, such as verses composed entirely of buzzing noises made with the lips and beatbox-style flourishes in the middle of ballads, and also makes use of such unusual musical techniques as using a drum stick to tap rhythms on the body of the piano or chair. Part of her style also results from the exaggeration of certain aspects of vocalization, most notably the glottal stop, which is prominent in the single Fidelity. Her lyrics are equally eclectic, often taking the form of abstract narratives or first-person character studies, similar to short stories or vignettes put to song.

Live In London is the first live album by Russian-American alternative singer-songwriter Regina Spektor, recorded at the Hammersmith Apollo Theatre, in London, during her Far Tour, and released worldwide through Sire Records on November 22, 2010. The video was directed by Adria Petty   (wikipedia)

- - -

Live in London, Regina Spektors första liveinspelning tillika konsertfilm, är till större delen inspelad på berömda Hammersmith Apollo Theatre i London, och innehåller 23 framträdanden som väl fångar Reginas briljanta begåvning - och som ett extra plus inkluderas även tre nya sånger som enbart kunnat höras på konserterna. Live in London spelades in under Reginas Englandsturne för senaste albumet far, som gick rakt in på Billboardlistans tredjeplats när det släpptes.

För första gången någonsin kan fansen se Regina på mycket nära håll när hon framför favoriter såsom Us, Fidelity, Samson och Eet, tillsammans med bakom-scenen-material, soundcheckmaterial och mycket mer. Live in London är en 64-minuters konsertfilm regisserad av Adria Petty.

Regina har hyllats för sin remarkabla originalitet, sitt historieberättande och sina fängslande framträdanden. Bland andra har Rolling Stone skrivit i liverecension, put on one of the most intensely joyful rock shows we've seen all year. The Philadelphia Inquirer skrev, Everything she did was greeted with thunderous applause . the audience could not get enough. Perhaps what was most remarkable about Regina's performance, aside from hearing Spektor's gorgeous vocals in person, was her ability to enrapture the crowd . Spektor's passion, vitality and sheer musical talent transformed the Electric Factory into a world of intimacy. The Boston Globe skrev enkelt att multitalented Spektor is capable of anything and it shows on stage.    (ginza)

- - -


Regina Spektor - Live in London 2009 - CD+DVD

CD

 1. On the radio
 2. Eet
 3. Folding chair
 4. Sailor song
 5. Blue lips
 6. Apres moi
 7. Dance anthem of the 80's
 8. Silly eye-colour generalizations
 9. Bobbing for apples
10. Wallet
11. Ode to divorce
12. That time
13. The calculation
14. Machine
15. Laughing with
16. Man of a thousand faces
17. Hotel song
18. Us
19. Fidelity
20. Samson
21. The call
22. Love, you're a whore

DVD

23. Introduction
24. On the radio
25. Eet
26. Laughing with
27. Folding chair
28. Apres moi
29. Blue lips
30. Machine
31. Dance anthem of the 80's
32. Silly eye-color
33. Wallet
34. The calculation
35. Man of a thousand faces
36. That time
37. Hotel song
38. Sailor song
39. Us
40. Fidelity
41. Samson
42. Credits
43. Bobbing for apples
44. Ode to divorce
45. The call
46. Love, you're a whore
47. Soundcheck
48. To Daniel
