OLD TIME RADIO:


FRONTIER FIGHTERS



This is not your typical western drama -- it is a series that will transport you back in time to the days of the wild, unsettled west. Retrace the steps of heroes who, despite the odds, fought and conquered the West.

Frontier Fighters was a syndicated series that ran sometime during the 1930s. Each show dealt with some bit of history about the early West and ran for approximately 15 minutes. From Robert La Salle's navigation of the Mississippi River, to Lewis and Clark's challenge of reaching the West Coast of North America, Frontier Fighters will take you on an exciting voyage of the taming of the Wild West. This is American History at its best!




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: Frontier Fighters
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Complete
Certification Date: June 22, 2007
Certification Version: Version 1
Number of CDs: 1


From the Old Time Radio Researcher's Group. See "Note" Section below for more information on the OTRR.




This audio is part of the collection: Old Time Radio
It also belongs to collection: Radio Programs

Artist/Composer: Old Time Radio Researchers Group
Keywords: OTRR; Old Time Radio Researchers Group; Old Time Radio; OTRR Set; Frontier Fighters; West; Wild West; Western; OTRR - 2007-08


Creative Commons license: Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0




Notes



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHER'S GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Frontier_Fighters_Ver1_CD_1of1.zip  ZIP  134.2 MB  
Image Files JPEG JPEG Thumb 
Frontier Fighters  186.2 KB 
  
OTRR_Certified_Frontier_Fighters_thumb.jpg   9.2 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Frontier_Fighters_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Frontier_Fighters_meta.xml  Metadata  3.7 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Frontier_Fighters_reviews.xml  Metadata  2.7 KB 
