Official Wen Site:  http://unsanity.com/haxies/fruitmenu

I found this curious little program (actually it's a preference pane) on Mac-Torrents.com and thought I'd like to give it a try. It allows you to customize you menus and conceptual menu - very cool!

FruitMenu is a haxie that gives you the ability to customize the Apple Menu and contextual menus. Using a visual editor you can edit the contents of the menus to suit your needs and taste. 

FruitMenu will also display the contents of the FruitMenu Items folder inside of your Library folder, launch applications and shell scripts from the Apple Menu and contextual menus, to allow easy file navigation and launching. To make the haxie completely flexible and customizable, you can assign hotkeys to particular menu items.

◦ Put any folders and files in your Apple and contextual menus.

◦ Put complete disks in your Apple and contextual menus for easy 
   navigation.

◦ Assign hot keys to your files, folders, and commonly used tasks.

◦ Access individual System Preferences immediately from a submenu.

◦ See your IP Address in the Apple or contextual menu.

◦ Speed up your system by disabling menu fadeout effect

◦ Open any document with application of your choice through the
   contextual menu.

◦ Move any file or folder into your desired location.

◦ Preview graphics file right into your menu.

◦ Reveal and Get Info on files right from your Apple and contextual 
  menus.

◦ Create individual configurations of Apple and Contextual menus for
   different applications.

◦ Use less-cluttered, faster implementation of Recent Applications, 
   Documents and Folders than Apple's.

◦ Set desktop picture instantly with a single click.

◦ Browse contents of the selected folder in a menu, instantly.

◦ Organize the Apple menu the way you want or need.

◦ Easy to configure as it comes in usual Preference Pane form, accessible
  through System Preferences

System Requirements: 

Intel Mac OS X.5.8 or Mac OS.6.x; Rosetta

--- PLEASE SEED ----

NOTE: After you make you changes in the menus and contextual menus you have to restart your mac to make them go into effect.
