Exploited College Girls-Darlene-=MTR=-

Check out MY latest Uploads:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/HDvideos/0/7

Stay updated with us....

Seed after downloading....

EnjoY with HDvideos..

Torrent From Mastitorrents

Team Mastitorrents

Say thanks if u like my posts

Give ur valuable feedbacks

Quality Uploads from HDvideos

-=MTR=-

Duration    :43 min 57 sec
Data rate   :1781 kbps (ave)
Video info  :640 x 360
Audio info  :44.1 kHz, 96.0 kbps, 2ch
FourCC      :"WMV3"
Audio type  :Windows Media Audio
Format ID   :0x0161
File size   :559.90MB


It's always a surprise who stops by here at ECG. Darlene is almost 19 years old, has a killer body - and absolutely no self confidence. Zero. This can be sorta cute but in Darlene's case it requires constant assurance on my part for her not to pack up and leave while screaming how bad she looks. I don't get it. Not a gram of fat on the girl, great little boobies with pencil-rubber nipples, fantastic skin, and legs like a gazelle. In fact she gets me rock-hard while she's picking out her clothes and I have her suck me a little bit before we go any further. She shyly bends down and taste tests my cock. So far so hot. But Darlene covers up her breasts whenever she becomes self-conscious (which is often) and she is clearly not used to taking photos. She squirms and blushes and in her barely audible voice keeps saying how she doesn't like this or that on her. You can tell that she is truly a newbie at all this, and probably will stay that way.

She's quite the turn-on actually but at one point I wonder why she's even here. I think it's to get an ego boost, and sexual curiosity. You see, when I set up the cameras to start the actual video part, Darlene asks me if I can remove the large mirror on the wall so that she can see herself getting fucked. The mirror is chained to the wall so I can't, but so as not to disappoint her I turn around the little monitors on the cameras for her. You'll catch her steal glances at herself getting touched, fingered, giving head, and getting fucked, but of course she won't want you to know she's looking at herself. In fact, she plays disinterested for a while. She said she stayed out late last night and is tired, and it shows. She's smarter than you'd think though, even asks to use a condom. I hate those things but if a girl asks I oblige. Good thing those rubbers aren't thicker than they are because boy, Darlene is TIGHT. Even just trying to loosen her up a bit with fingers is too much for her. She squirms around so much that at one point I tell her we'll get this going with a blowjob. Surely, that's something she can manage, right? Well, kinda. But despite Darlene claiming she's had "a lot of sex in the past" you'll notice this girl is still very new to all things sex. The blowjob is borderline awkward, although after some time she seems to get the hang of it. I'll have her do some more of that but first we'll put that pussy for a spin. Lately, she says, she's not had sex at all. She's not kidding, her pussy is tight like frozen rubber glove. I throw her on all fours to see how she takes doggy and it seems like something she's never done before. She's also not gotten her hair pulled during sex and I can sense her pussy tighten up even more. I can't tell if that's a good sign or a bad one with her.

"Are you serious?" should never come out of a girl's mouth when you ask her to get on top of you. Did she never have sex in the cowgirl position? Apparently not. It seems there are a lot of things Darlene hasn't done before so in that sense I'm kinda glad I was able to aide in her education. The cumshot turned out weird. I have Darlene blow me some more and then ask her to finish me with a handjob. Clearly also not something she's ever done before and she tugs and plays around with me like she's never handled a cock before. So what the fuck did she do when she "had a lot of sex in the past"? At one point I just help myself and make her look at me while I cum. I can't tell if she's weirded out by it or just trying to figure out what that white stuff is shooting out of my cock. Either way there's barely a reaction from her. I'd like to have a follow up with her to see if she digested what happened today. Because I sure as hell haven't. - Steve.

Darlene

School: University of Arizona
Year: Freshman
Age: 18
Height: 5'6
Figure: 32B-24-32
EyeColor: Hazel

