WinX DVD Ripper Platinum 6.5.0 build 20111031

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum can rip the content of DVDs to all popular video formats such as AVI, MOV, FLV, WMV, MPEG, MP4, 3GP, etc. What's more, it also owns the ability of ripping different DVDs (including encrypted DVDs) to Sony PSP, Apple iPhone, iPod, iPad, iTouch, Apple TV, Zune, Mobile phone, etc.

This DVD ripper software supports multi-core CPU and is fully compatible with Windows 7. We promise WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is the fastest DVD ripping solution in the market. Besides converting DVD to regular video formats, 1:1 DVD copy enables you to backup your DVD with original video, audio and subtitles within only 5 minutes (the processing time also depends on your CPU and DVD driver speed).

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum fully supports normal DVDs, CSS protected DVDs, Sony ArccOS DVDs and all region 1-6 DVDs. Moreover, we are so proud to tell you that WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is the unique DVD ripping program which supports decrypting DVDs with the latest copy protection technology such as Transformers 2, Star Trek 2009, The Dark Knight, UP, WALL-E, The Proposal, District 9 etc.

Powerful Functions
Support ripping DVD video, extracting audio, grabbing screenshot and enable users to fully control output video quality or size by freely adjusting parameters.

Advanced Technology
Build in powerful and high speed encoding engine, support multi-core CPU, automatically detect and connect converted videos to portable devices and fully compatible with Windows 7.

Easy and Fast
WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is a one-click solution for DVD ripping. It is suitable for all levels of experienced users or even novices. And we promise it owns the fastest ripping speed.

Key Features

Unique features:
1. 1:1 DVD Copy without Quality Loss: Decrypt & copy DVD to PC with 100% original video, audio and subtitles within only 5 minutes - new!
2. If your original DVD's audio is out of sync with movie, the Intelligent A/V Synchronizer can help you solve the problem - new!
3. To avoid any kind of problems during conversion process, we offer you safe mode which can skip the problems and finish the whole conversion process more smoothly - new!
4. Enable to change interlaced scanning DVD movie to progressive scanning, make converted video with clearer image - new!
5. Multi-core CPU supported, which makes your conversion process much faster - new!
6. Batch rename all clips easily with "Renaming Template" before converting - new!

Ripping features:
1. Rip DVD to popular video formats, e.g. DVD to MOV, DVD to AVI, DVD to FLV, DVD to WMV, DVD to MPEG, DVD to MP4, etc
2. Rip DVD to popular portable devices including DVD to iPhone, DVD to iPod, DVD to iPad, DVD to PSP, DVD to Zune, DVD to Mobile phone, etc
3. Rip DVD audio into MP3 music file
4. Support grabbing screenshot from DVD video to JPG & BMP

Extra features:
1. All video/audio parameters are adjustable for users to optimize video quality
2. Automatically disable subtitles but enable users to choose
3. Trim any segment of DVD to convert
4. With powerful and high speed encoding engine inside, Platinum Edition enables users to rip and convert DVD video with much better video/audio quality
5. Support automatically detecting, connecting and transferring converted videos to portable devices

Home page - http://www.winxdvd.com/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1200+ torrents                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
		