Here we have the soundtrack from the film The Wall, upgraded nicely from the DVD soundtrack. WOW what a difference. You can hear things that you never could before, such as: when Pink is in the bathroom before Stop the announcements coming from the hall are the intro for the Wall concerts as chronicled on "Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live At Earl's Court 1980-1981" (...flash cameras will be confiscated...I think the band is ready....no not quite yet). I never knew that before. So this prompted me to remake the soundtrack album I'd assembled many years ago. I included a few snips of the final cut and the Vera Lynn songs to fill out the narrative, and I cut some silences and big spaces that only work while watching the movie

Track list and reasoning:

CD 1

01 The Little Boy That Santa Claus Forgot (Vera Lynn) - This is included because it opens the film, but I put the entire song in as it's more relative when you hear the end (he hasn't got a daddy)

02 In The Flesh?
03 When The Tigers Broke Free - taken from the single. I felt it fits the narrative best here, as the first thought of Pink's flashback, not broken into two parts as in the film. That was used that way to show Pink growing up somewhat chronologically, but as a soundtrack, and since it is him remembering all of this, it works best in one piece

04 The Thin Ice
05 Another Brick In The Wall Part 1
06 Goodbye Blue Sky
07 One Of The Few - I thought this would be nice as a deeper look into the psyche of the teacher, and being in the same key as the songs it falls between it worked quite well here

08 The Happiest Days Of Our Lives - I continued the music through the Money poem, as it always ran through my head while watching the film. I felt it would stay in sync if it never stopped, and I was right

09 Another Brick In The Wall Part 2
10 Mother
11 What Shall We Do Now
12 Young Lust
13 One Of My Turns
14 Don't Leave Me Now
15 Empty Spaces - This is where this was originally supposed to be placed, as evidenced by the lyric sheet in the Wall album. Since this had no ending when cut loose from Young Lust I used the chorus of Your Possible Pasts to complete it. I felt it was OK to use this song out of context like this because Pink recites the lyrics to it later in the album before Stop.

16 Another Brick In The Wall Part 3
17 Goodbye Cruel World


CD 2

18 We'll Meet Again (Vera Lynn) - the song quoted later in Vera
19 Hey You - Although this was originally cut from the movie, it was included as a bonus feature on the DVD. I've taken the majority of the song from the DVD soundtrack but the guitar solo is nearly obliterated with the sounds of the destruction occuring in the film, so I cut it in (properly edited to match) from the CD version.

20 Is There Anybody Out There
21 Nobody Home
22 Vera
23 Bring The Boys Back Home
24 Comfortably Numb
25 In The Flesh
26 Run Like Hell
27 Waiting For The Worms
28 Stop - for this I decided it would be cool if Pink was imagining the music going through his head as he recited the lyrics to the songs that ended up on future albums, so I took Bob Geldof's recitations and re-timed them to more match up with the music, then put (very faintly) in the background the snips from Your Possible Pasts and The Moment Of Clarity that he is reading. The idea is that its in his head

29 The Trial
30 Outside The Wall

Being that The Final Cut was made up of a lot of stuff that originally was left off The Wall I don't think that the bits I've used are out of place in the narrative of this. I hope no one thinks I ruined this and that everyone enjoys the work I've done.

