Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Must Be Doin' Somethin' Right" is a single by American country music singer Billy Currington that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. It was the first single from Currington's 2005 album Doin' Somethin' Right.

Doin' Somethin' Right is the second solo album by country singer Billy Currington. Released in 2005 on Mercury Nashville Records, the album produced three singles in "Must Be Doin' Somethin' Right", "Why, Why, Why", and "Good Directions", which peaked at #1, #13 and #1, respectively, on the country charts. The album itself has earned RIAA platinum certification. Also included on this album is a cover of Kenny Rogers' hit single "Lucille".

William Matthew "Billy" Currington (born November 19, 1973) is an American country music artist. Signed to Mercury Nashville Records in 2003, Currington has released four studio albums for the label: 2003's Billy Currington, 2005's Doin' Somethin' Right, 2008's Little Bit of Everything, and 2010's Enjoy Yourself. These four albums have produced nine singles for Currington on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, including the five #1 hits "Must Be Doin' Somethin' Right", "Good Directions", "People Are Crazy", "That's How Country Boys Roll", and "Pretty Good at Drinkin' Beer". He has also charted as a duet partner on Shania Twain's single "Party For Two" and his own non-album single "Tangled Up", for a total of eleven Top 40 US Country hits.

In 2005, Currington released a second album entitled Doin' Somethin' Right, which peaked at #2 on the Top Country Albums chart and #11 on the Billboard 200. Doin' Somethin' Right produced his first Number One in "Must Be Doin' Somethin' Right", followed by "Why, Why, Why" at #13 and another Number One in "Good Directions". Co-written by Capitol Records artist Luke Bryan, the latter was the #2 country song of 2007 according to the Billboard Year-End charts. Doin' Somethin' Right is certified platinum by the RIAA. Doin' Somethin' Right also featured "Lucille" which was a song Currington covered from original artist Kenny Rogers.

When he was a junior in Effingham County High School (Springfield, Georgia), Currington auditioned for a spot at Opryland, the renowned country music theme park located in Nashville, Tennessee, the country music capital. Failing the audition, after high school he moved to Nashville to pursue his career in country music. His first stint did not last too long, and he later sang for a bar named Cavalier Country Club in Georgia. In Nashville, Currington also worked for a concrete company, and also as a personal trainer. One of the clients he worked with as a personal trainer led Currington to recording demo tapes, as well as writing songs. He eventually had cuts by George Strait, Tracy Byrd, and Marty Raybon. After almost being offered to join RCA Records, he signed to Mercury Records in 2003.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/