Some info about the show:

Title: 드림하이 / Dream High
Genre: School, drama, comedy, romance
Episodes: 16
Broadcast network: KBS2
Broadcast period: 2011-Jan-03 to 2011-Feb-28
Air time: Monday & Tuesday 21:55

Dream High is a South Korean television drama series broadcast by Korean Broadcasting System in 2011. It features Suzy, Taecyeon, IU, Wooyoung, Ham Eun Jung and Kim Soo-Hyun. It aired on the 3 January 2011 and finished on the 28 February 2011 after 16 successful episodes. This drama is popular among many teenagers, and was a highly rated show. A special episode, where the cast of the show performed the Dream High Special Concert on a stage near Seoul, South Korea was aired by Korean Broadcasting System on 1 March 2011. A second season for Dream High was announced by Korean Broadcasting System on 17 March 2011, to be aired in 3 January 2012.


Synopsis:
This is the story of youths becoming top global stars which could take place in the not-so-distant future. You may have the looks, talent, personality and even a respectable private life, but it's still tough to rise as a successful star. Here is a group of youths who are still up for this daring challenge. They all have a single weakness barring them becoming the ultimate top star. The weaknesses wouldn't be an issue or an inconvenience to an ordinary person, but they are detrimental to a pop star. One girl sings superbly but her appearance is not the best to stand before the TV camera. Another student has the looks and musical talent but has a distorted, prejudiced view of the world. There are others who have amazing talent but an unsophisticated fashion sense. Each of these students have managed to pass the exam and enter Kirin Arts High School to begin headlong the challenge of becoming a top superstar. The characters maximize their unique talents and overcome their weaknesses. They fall, trip and fail which only boosts their confidence. The ridicule and scorn they are used to will one day turn into cheers and support. The underdogs and the losers will fly up high and their story will be an inspiration to young viewers.