Call of Duty: Black Ops - SKIDROW (+Lag fix +Zombie Mode)
Year: 2010 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person 
Publisher: Activision 
Released: November 9th, 2010 
Tooth's release Nov 4th, 2010  
7.618GB ISO 
7.260GB ISO mounted 
Game install 7.840GB 
Installed SKIDROW release on Win7/64bit 


Game Info 
Description: The long-awaited seventh of Call of Duty. Each game in the 
series contributed to the development of the genre of shooters, and the 
Black Ops was no exception. Players will enjoy a dynamic single-player 
campaign that tells about the events of the Cold War, as well as a variety 
of multiplayer modes, both classic and new. 

Game Features 
- Hot Spots. Events Call of Duty: Black Ops will transfer players during the 
Cold War. As part of an elite unit of soldiers will be involved in armed 
conflicts around the world, particularly in Cuba and Vietnam. 
- An impressive arsenal. The fighters of a special unit will have access to 
the latest prototype weapon at the time, such as ballistic knives, fireworks 
cartridges for the shotgun or crossbow with explosive ordnance. 
- The real war. Interactive environments, thrilling story, spectacular 
special effects and a great director work makes Call of Duty: Black Ops one 
of the most realistic and exciting game about the war. 
- Fighting and winning. In the Black Ops are presented as classic 
multiplayer mode, including "Capture the Flag," "Bomb" and "Team 
Deathmatch" and a number of new, including innovative "games with 
stakes. 

Minimum System Requirement 
- Operating system Windows XP/Vista/7; 
- Processor Intel Core Duo E6600/AMD Phenom X3 8750 or better; 
- 2 GB of RAM; 
- 12 GB of free hard disk space; 
- Graphics Card NVIDIA GeForce 8600GT/ATI Radeon X1950 Pro or better wit 
256 MB of graphics memory with support for Shader 3.0; 
- Sound card; 
- Device for reading DVD; 
- Keyboard and mouse 

Includes Lag Fix (game update 5 & 6) 
 
You don't need to have any of the previous updates installed, as this update is featuring all previous updated content. 
Installation: 
1- Run Run Call.of.Duty.Black.Ops.Update.5.and.6.exe and install. 
2- Copy the cracked content from SKIDROW directory to your main installation directory and overwrite. 
3- Play the game. 



Includes the Zombies Solo Mode Enabler by SKIDROW
 
Description: 
This will enable the Zombies Solo mode of the game! 

Installation: 
Copy the patched exe to your Call of Duty: Black Ops installation folder and overwrite. 




