William Rice, Susan Smith Nash, "Moodle 1.9 Teaching Techniques"
P..kt Publishing | 2010 | ISBN: 1849510067 | 216 pages | PDF | 3,3 MB

Creative ways to build powerful and effective online courses
Motivate students from all backgrounds, generations, and learning styles
When and how to apply the different learning solutions with workarounds, providing alternative solutions
Easy-to-follow, step-by-step instructions with screenshots and examples for Moodle's powerful features
Especially suitable for university and professional teachers

In Detail
Moodle is the world's most popular, free open-source Learning Management System (LMS). It is vast and has lots to offer. More and more colleges, universities, and training providers are using Moodle, which has helped revolutionize e-learning with its flexible, reusable platform and components. It works best when you feel confident that the tools you have at hand will allow you to create exactly what you need.
This book brings together step-by-step, easy-to-follow instructions and learning theory to give you new tools and new power with Moodle. It will show you how to connect with your online students, and how and where they develop an enthusiastic, open, and trusting relationship with their fellow students and with you, their instructor. With this book, you'll learn to get the best from Moodle.
This book helps you develop good, solid, dynamic courses that will last by making sure that your instructional design is robust, and that they are built around satisfying learning objectives and course outcomes. With this book, you'll have excellent support and step-by-step guidance for putting together courses that incorporate your choice of the many features that Moodle offers. You will also find the best way to create effective assessments, and how to create them for now and in the future. The book will also introduce you to many modules, which you can use to make your course unique and create an environment where your students will get maximum benefit. In addition, you will learn how you can save time and reuse your best ideas by taking advantage of Moodle's unique features.
