Welcome ! Here is my new release!  WINDOWS 7 SP1  ALL IN ONE-11 IN ONE DVD MADE FROM 12.05.2011 MSDN RELEASE DVD`S.






Windows 7 SP1 x86 ( 32 bit) and x64 ( 64 bit ) Ultimate ,Professional,Home Basic,Home Premium,Starter and Enterprise 11 IN ONE DVD.

This DVD made from ORIGINAL MSDN ENGLISH DVD`S.Released 12.05.2011 With Official MSDN Release !!!

12.05.2011 MICROSOFT RELEASED CORRECTED RELEASE. THERE WAS KNOWN ERROR DURING INSTALLING WINDOWS 7 WITH DIFFERENT LANGUAGES.

SEE: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2534111

WHAT WAS ISSUE: 

"Consider the following scenario:
You try to install Windows 7 by starting the computer from installation media that is integrated with Windows 7 Service Pack 1.
During the initial installation, you set the Time and Currency Format setting to a locale other than English, Finnish, German, or
 Swedish. Or, the locale was selected for you before you purchased your computer.
A computer name that contains non-ASCII characters is entered in the Out of Box Experience (OOBE) Wizard.
In this scenario, you receive an error message that resembles the following:
Computer name cannot contain only numbers, may not be identical with the user name and cannot contain spaces. Retype the name of the 
computer.
Note See the "More information" section for a list of accepted characters.

A computer name that contains non-ASCII characters may be entered during the OOBE Wizard in one of the following situations:
You manually enter a computer name that contains a non-ASCII character.
You manually enter a user name that contains a non-ASCII character.
Note The default computer name is automatically generated based on the user name. Therefore, if the user name contains a non-ASCII 
character, the default computer name will also contain a non-ASCII character.
Your language setting is Russian, Croatian, Ukrainian, or Thai.
Note The default computer name is automatically generated by appending “-PC” to the user name. In Russian, Croatian, Ukrainian, or 
Thai, the translation of “-PC” contains non-ASCII characters. Therefore, the default computer name will also contain non-ASCII characters."

RESOLUTION FROM MICROSOFT:

"The hotfix package is recommended for OEMs and enterprises that build Windows 7 installation images. If you are a user who experiences
 this issue, click here to view the methods that are described in the "Workaround" section.
Back to the top
Hotfix information
A supported hotfix is available from Microsoft. However, this hotfix is intended to correct only the problem that is described in this 
article. Apply this hotfix only to systems that are experiencing the problem described in this article. This hotfix might receive 
additional testing. Therefore, if you are not severely affected by this problem, we recommend that you wait for the next software update
 that contains this hotfix.

If the hotfix is available for download, there is a "Hotfix download available" section at the top of this Knowledge Base article. 
If this section does not appear, contact Microsoft Customer Service and Support to obtain the hotfix. 

Note If additional issues occur or if any troubleshooting is required, you might have to create a separate service request. The usual 
support costs will apply to additional support questions and issues that do not qualify for this specific hotfix. For a complete list 
of Microsoft Customer Service and Support telephone numbers or to create a separate service request, visit the following Microsoft
 Web site: 
http://support.microsoft.com/contactus/?ws=support
Note The "Hotfix download available" form displays the languages for which the hotfix is available. If you do not see your language, 
it is because a hotfix is not available for that language.
Prerequisites

To apply this hotfix, you must have a Windows 7 installation image that is integrated with Windows 7 Service Pack 1 (SP1).

For more information about how to obtain a Windows 7 or a Windows Server 2008 R2 service pack, click the following article number to
 view the article in the Microsoft Knowledge Base:
976932  Information about Service Pack 1 for Windows 7 and for Windows Server 2008 R2
Registry information
To use the hotfix in this package, you do not have to make any changes to the registry.
Restart requirement
You do not have to restart the computer after you apply this hotfix.
Hotfix replacement information
This hotfix does not replace a previously released hotfix.
File information
The global version of this hotfix installs files that have the attributes that are listed in the following tables. The dates and the
 times for these files are listed in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The dates and the times for these files on your local computer
 are displayed in your local time together with your current daylight saving time (DST) bias. Additionally, the dates and the times may 
change when you perform certain operations on the files."

SOO MICROSOFT INTEGRATED NEW HOTFIX TO THE WINDOWS 7 DVD AND RELEASED IN 12.05.2011. SOO I MADE THIS DVD FROM THAT RELEASE.

FOR DETAILED INFOTMATION: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2534111


I HAVE INTEGRATED MSDaRT TOOLSET TO WINDOWS 7 DVD.ITS VERY USEFUL TOOLS KIT.

What is MSDART?



Did you lost your files due to virus infections? Or was it the sudden loss of power that wiped out all your documents? John may have
 inadvertently 
reformatted the hard drive and your computer would not boot anymore.

Disasters come in unexpected times and if you lost your computer data due to the aforementioned causes, you will need a utility that 
is called MSDART,
 Microsoft Diagnostics and Recovery Toolset. Recover data instantly with this utility from Microsoft.

Deleted files and reformatted drives are usually recoverable if no further additional damage follows. And MSDART may be able to recover 
them.

MSDART lets you fix a corrupted, unbootable Windows XP or Windows Vista installation. It contains several tools designed specifically for 
diagnostics 
and recovery.

Versions of MSDART
MSDART has two versions available. MS-DART version 5 is specifically designed for use with Microsoft Windows XP and MSDART Version 6 is 
for Microsoft 
Windows Vista.




How does MSDART Work?

In order to use MSDART, it has to be booted from a CDROM drive. During the boot up process and before MSDART completely loads it scans any
 installed
 hard disk and checks if it can find an installed Windows XP or Windows Vista and if it finds one, it will ask you if you want to attach 
to the installed
 operating system. Attaching to an operating system will let you access its Windows Registry and other system files as if you booted from 
it. If you do not 
attach to an operating system, MSDART will boot itself and treat the installed disk drive as if it does not have any installed operating 
system.

MSDART Tools and Utilities
Registry Editor - program for accessing the system registry. It lets modify system and application program settings and configurations.

Locksmith - unlocks the user and administration password. If you forgot your password for logging into Windows, this utility will let you 
reset and change 
the password.

Crash Analyzer - this is a debugging tool meant to be used by highly trained technical personnel.

File Restore - restores deleted files and programs.

Disk Commander - a tool for managing the different files

Disk Wipe - this is a privacy tool designed to completely delete the contents of a disk drive. When you delete or format a drive, data and 
information may 
still exists on the hard which may be accessed and recovered by computer forensic tools. Using Disk Wipe will completely delete the disk
 drive making any 
data recovery impossible.

Computer Management - this program includes the system administration tools like the Event Viewer, Shared Folder, Local Users and Groups,
 Performance Logs 
and Alerts and Device Manager, Disk Defragmenter, Disk Management, and many more.

Explorer - this utility is similer to Windows explorer.

Solution Wizard - walks thru different problem scenarios and suggest solution on how to fix it.

TCP/IP Config - provides the necessary tools to configure the Local Area Network adapter.

Hotfix Uninstall - sometimes hotfixes or security patches causes side-effects and prevent the system from functioning properly. This 
utility allows you to
 uninstall any hotfix that may be causing any problem.

Search - lets you do full searches for any file or directory.

Clean Room Data Recovery - With more companies specializing in data recovery services, one particular aspect that has importance is what 
type of facility 
are you sending your hard drives into for that special data recovery. There are facilities that don't treat hard drives with the most care
 when they are 
trying to recover your data, however they bill you like they do. There are also recovery methods and facilities that take extraordinary
 precautions with 
your hard drive and data. These facilities employ clean room data recovery methods.

Data Recovery When The Hard Drive Initialization Fails - The computer hard drive is a primary data storage device, which is used for 
permanent and reliable
 data storage. Hard drive stores digital information on moving hard drive platters. But in some situations, your BIOS (Basic Input/Output
 System) can not 
recognize your hard drive and thus the system does not boot up.

Data Recovery after Damage to Hard Drive Head Alignment System - Several computer hard drives contain read/write heads and servo head 
mounted for 
concurrent movement by the actuator arm in response to the servo signal from server head. In such drives the positions of read/write heads
 are separately
 adjustable with respect to servo head.



I have ALSO ADDED X64 BIT RECOVERY CONSOLE TO DVD.SO YOU CAN REALLY USE X32 AND X64 SUPPORTED SYSTEM ANYWHERE WITH MSDaRT TOOLSET!!!








Please Read carefully this before installing system!! 
I have scanned all entire DVD with Norton IS.If you think there is virus,trojan scan deeply before installing!! And dont post stupid lies!!! 

NOTHING REMOVED!!! ADDED ACTIVATOR.AVTIVATES ALL EDITIONS WITHOUT ENTERPRISE ! USE KMS AVTIVATOR FOR THIS. 

MADE WITH WINDOWS AIK with imagex,dism,oscdimg command line tools! Nothing changed manually! 

Here is the list of Windows 7 images included:


Windows 7 Ultimate SP1 X32-X64
Windows 7 Professional SP1 X32-X64 
Windows 7 Home Premium SP1  x32-x64
Windows 7 Home Basic SP1  x32-x64
Windows 7 Enterprise SP1  x32-x64


Languages:
English




System requirements:
* 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor with 1 GHz.
* 1 GB of RAM.
* Support for DirectX 9 interface with the driver WDDM, at least 128 MB of graphics memory, Pixel Shader 2.0 in color and 32 bits per pixel.
Hard disk capacity of 40 GB to 16 GB of free disk space.
* A DVD-ROM drive.
* Audio output capability.
* Internet access.


Crack Instructions
- Install Windows 7 without using a serial key (install as Trial) or automatically Activating.
- Your PC will be restarted automatically !!

How to install if you have a Genuine Windows 7 Key
- Install Windows 7 and enter your serial key, you may automatically Activate if you wish.

How to use this ISO image
- DO NOT extract the ISO file as you'll lose the information that makes it bootable.
Option #1: Burn to a DVD using your favourite burning program (Nero, ImgBurn etc.) at the SLOWEST speed possible.
Option #2: Install the ISO file to a USB Device  using the Windows 7 USB/DVD Tool.

If you like this release tell us!

Frequently Asked Questions


Q: Will I be able to download new Updates when they come out?
A: Yes.

Q: Can I mount this with DAEMON Tools and install it that way?
A: No. I'd recommend either burning this to a DVD (or to a USB Device bigger than 6GB) and doing a 
Clean Install. Just make sure you've backed up all your data.

Q: Will this work with BootCamp (Macintosh)?
A: It has been reported that it does, but not personally tested by myself.

Q: Why does my PC take a long time at "Windows is Finalising settings"?
A: This is because all the extra programs like .NET are installed now, so it wlil take a few mintues, 
definately not hours. Some systems have been known to hang at this point, however this is not a 
major problem and will not damage your Windows Installation.

Q: Can this be used as an upgrade from Windows Vista (or XP)?
A: It should be able to, but if you are running XP/Vista 32-Bit you can only install Windows 7 32-Bit. 
A clean install is suggested anyways and if nessecary if you are running 32-Bit and wanting to install
64-Bit, and vice versa (64-Bit XP/Vista cant install Windows 7 32-Bit I don't think).

Q: Can I install IE9 RC?
A: Yes, you can but it is too buggy by now and you will be in trouble because it cannot be uninstalled if you do not like it! 



IMPORTANT: PLEASE FIRST INSTALL ON VIRTUAL MACHINE FOR TESTING PURPOSE AND BE SURE THAT SYSTEM WORKS WITHOUT ANY PROBLEM !

THE LANGUAGE THAT SELECTED IN THE FIRST WINDOWS MUST BE SAME WITH THE WINDOWS 7 EDITION LANGUAGE !!!


________________________________________________________
