My Evil Sluts 8 (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/3002232D8_My_Evil_Sluts_8_dvd.htm

Studio Evil Angel
Release Date Sep 01, 2011
Category Girl-Girl, All Girl, Toy Play
Director Clara G, Raul Cristian
Starring Daisy Marie, Zafira, Puma Swede, Lea Lexis, Sandy, Bambi, Honey Demon, Valentina Blue, Barbie White, Lucy Cattiva

Starring Sandy & Daisy Marie!

10 Stunning Girls In Cruel Lesbian Action!

7 Intense Scenes On Two Discs!

Cruel Media honcho Raul Cristian takes us to the dark side of lesbian lust in 'My Evil Sluts 8' - a sick, double-disc celebration of all-girl perversions featuring an international cast of sexy girls who love girls. In seven scenes spread over four-and-a-half hours, these beauties prove that members of the fairer sex can be just as pussy-crazed as any man! Busty, tattooed and adorable, sweet Latina Daisy Marie gets her little, shaved poontang sampled by blonde Sandy. They grind their pussies together, invade each other with large dildos, and Sandy fingers Daisy's twat until the foxy senorita squirts girl-juice into her palm.

Next, Sandy joins Amazonian blonde Puma Swede in the bedroom, where they drill one another with a strap-on; the statuesque, big-boobed bitch stuffs panties in Sandy's hole and makes her suck feet while jamming her bare toes into Puma's cunt. Two stunning brunettes - voluptuous supermodel Zafira and her skinny, freckled friend Bambi - bang each other's pussy with big, fake cocks. Dark-haired Honey Demon and her blonde buddy Valentina Blue trade tongue and toy action in a poolside lickathon. Lovely, petite blonde Barbie White and silver spandex-clad Lucy Cattiva have a fingering and cunnilingual party. Bouncy-bottomed blonde Lea Lexis teases the camera in a solo masturbation session, gagging on long dildos, reaming her winking asshole and flaunting her perfect, supple, bare feet. And lastly, Puma returns for some kinky vibrator self-pleasure, with a little help from Sandy's probing fingers. What a wicked bunch of sluts!

