 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 31 -  Musickal Mind Control




POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 31 - Musickal Mind Control


Description:

Musickal Mind Control 2011

Release Date Sunday February 2011 6th
Running time 3 hours 23 minutes

downloaded from  
www.conspiracyhub.org


Having spent the majority of 27 years engulfed in a world of music myself, I speak
from first hand knowledge about the effects music in general has on its fans.
Until March 14th 2010 when I gave my life to the Lord Jesus Christ, I was so
wrapped up in the antichristian “fascism” which veils the true nature of most so
called artist. In this video, which I did over the last year, I try to explain
certain aspects of the who, what, and whys to which so many have asked me “why would they, if they even do, worship Satan?” Satan worship first off is nothing more than self worship. Some of these musicians think they are becoming God. Satanism itself teaches that you can “obtain your own godhead.”-Anton LeVay
  Looking back from the man I am now, it always amazes me just how blind I was
even to the hardcore facts of Satan’s “realness” on my own bookshelf.
I have always been an avid reader. My collection grows all the time. Last year it shrunk quiet a bit when I discovered two of my favorite writers were actually serious when it came to the devil. Aleister Crowley and Dr. Timothy Leary are in fact on the same page as my documentary explains. Leary is even on tape saying it. During my teenage years I found myself fascinated with the 1960’s and the “peace and love” movement.
  I have to tell you the viewer that the only real peace movement is found in
the Holy Bible. The 1960’s is what I refer to the “free sex and drugs” movement, or as
Aleister Crowley said the “do what thou wilt” movement. For instance the “peace”
hand sign does not, nor ever did mean peace. It’s the V for victory sign. These are just a taste of the information I proved. You may need to stop the movie to read, but I encourage you get a pen and paper and take notes. I talk about such organizations as the freemasons and the new agers and their role implementing the satanic kingdom which the book of Revelation says will last a little over 3 years.
  In essence I try to summaries all the musical genres with there respected
top artists. I show how in one form or another they all have the same goal:
The separation of you the viewer from God the Farther. Not only are they
super talented musicians, but most have some serious occult knowledge as well.
Anton LeVay said that the theme song for the church of Satan was
Frank Sinatra’s “My Way”. Why? Because “What is a man? What has he got?
If not himself, then he has not…” 99.99% of all music since the
dawn of modern music is tuned to self and not God. The Bible makes it
clear that God intended music to uplift and praise the Most High!



The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA                                      Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

 (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS  




                  