Power Translator helps grow businesses by providing more access to technical subjects and business documents. It is the most advanced version of our economical desktop software line. 

Translate letters, emails, chats, and blogs
Translate from any program effortlessly
Accurate, fast, flexible

Languages
Translate between multiple languages with one software package: English, Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Polish, Spanish, Russian and Ukrainian.

Online Translation

With Power Translator, you also get an introductory subscription to Translate DotNet, with its easy-to-use desktop toolbar. You also get a subscription to TranslateToGo, which is our browser-based service.
With Power Translator World Premium you get:
12 month Translate DotNet subscription, valued at $480.00
12 month TranslateToGo subscription, valued at $119.40

Our subscription services give you online access to all the languages that LEC supports— more than 300 language pairs. After your initial subscription expires, you may resubscribe to one or more language pairs for as little as $5 per month. You do not need to resubscribe to continue to use Power Translator from your desktop.
Power Translator World Premium includes LEC’s advanced user interfaces: 
LogoTrans translates text that you type, paste, or drop.
ClipTrans translates any text that is selected and copied.
Quick Start Program. Details: 
FileTrans translates ‘text only’, Microsoft Word, HTML, RTF, PDF, and XML files.
Dictionary is used to create and browse dictionaries. Details: 
Specialized Dictionaries Details: 
Automatic Language Identification Details: 
New Features and Improvements
Greater speed and accuracy Details: 
Speech-to-text Details: 
Text-to-Speech Details: 
Hover Translation Details: 
Translate Selection Details: 
Text Capture Details: 
Image File Translation With OCR

Power Translator World Premium comes bundled with our OCR Addon. Using advanced OCR (optical character recognition) technology licensed from industry leader Abbyy©, FileTrans recognizes and translates scanned documents, PDFs and digital camera images all in one step. Details: 


Requirements:
Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7
60-505 MB for single language
410-1155 MB for multi-language versions

Windows 7, Windows Vista and the Windows logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.



PLEASE NOTE. ====== YOU MUST OVER-BURN WITH NERO ====.