
Current Version:1.181

Requires Android:2.0 and up

Size:25.9 MB

Jenga is a small game from iOS platform,It is a fun 3D game,Look like very Simple,but file size still more than 25MB.

This game screen is nothing to say,very realistic,very beautiful.

Features:

REALISTIC PHYSICS
Real-time 3D physics simulation, authentically recreating the behavior of a real wooden Jenga tower. Each block is realistically affected by the surrounding blocks, recreating the same strategic depth as the original game.

TOUCH CONTROL
Anyone who’s played Jenga knows how delicate your touch needs to be. Your Android device’s touch screen gives you the control you’ll need to go for world record heights (incidentally… the record is 40 2/3 layers!). Blocks can be teased out using a mix of gentle tapping and drag controls. It’s easy to begin with, but you’ll soon find it tough when the pressure is on and the tower is wobbling!

SOCIAL GAMEPLAY
Obviously the best part of Jenga is putting off your friends as they are making their move. The four-player Pass’n’Play mode truly reproduces the nail-biting tension of the real thing… but you can play it anywhere!
And what’s more, Jenga for Android lets you compare your current tower height against that of friends around the world – while you play! A little friendly competition is the best motivator…

ARCADE MODE
Match colors for extra points and score multipliers by moving fast – but don’t topple the tower! While you play, you earn coins which you can spend on special boosts like collapse reverse, multipliers, and wildcards. It’s fast and frantic… totally turning Jenga on its head.

STUNNING VISUALS
Jenga for Android is beautiful. Advanced wood shaders make the tower pop out and let you gauge its stability. And everything is set in beautiful environments, rivalling the quality of modern games consoles.

AUTHENTICITY
Designed in consultation with Leslie Scott, the inventor of Jenga, to create the most authentic Jenga experience ever.