THEODIS EALEY IT’S A REAL GOOD THANG
Released: 2002
Label:Ifgam
Format:Flac

Blues Guitarist, Vocalist, Songwriter, Producer and Entertainer...are just a few of the titles that describe the phenomenon of Theodis Ealey.  This Mississippi native first picked up an instrument at the age of 4.  
Ten years later, Theodis, on bass, was playing at his first gig with brothers, "Y" "Z" and Melwin Ealey, in a group called “Y” “Z” Ealey and the Merrymakers.  This brotherly trio made their debut in their hometown of Natchez, Mississippi at a local nightclub called the Horseshoe Circle.  One year later, Theodis traded his bass for a guitar and began performing with another Natchez group, Eugene Butler & the Rocking Royals.  It was here that Theodis sharpened his guitar playing skills, hitting the local circuit.  

Music has always been a part of his life.  Growing up, Theodis says this life-long love affair with music began when he lived on Highway 61 on the other side of the road from Miss Willie Mae's Juke Joint.  "I would just sit on the steps and listen to the sounds coming from there", the heart and soul of the Blues.  Since leaving Mississippi, Theodis always carried the "Mississippi Juke Joint Spirit" with him through his music.
Ealey’s playing style is eclectic, though largely rooted in contemporary electronic blues. His technique is accomplished and he can play with raw ferocity when the music or venue demands. His repertoire draws from singers as diverse as Bob Dylan and Willie Nelson, and he also writes some of his own songs. Ealey ranges through ballads and tough tales, with some songs that have explicit lyrics


Tracklist:
1.All My Baby Left Me Was a Note, My Guitar and a Cookie Jar 2002
2.Reconsider Baby
3.Baby, You've Got What It Takes
4.You've Got To Hurt Before You Heal
5.It's a Real Good Thang
6.If You Leave Me, I'm Going Wit'cha 2002
7.I Want You
8.Ain't No Sunshine
9.You and I Together
10.Theo's Groove
11.All My Baby Left Me Was a Note, My Guitar and a Cookie Jar 2002 [Radio Mix]


Personnel:
Theodis Ealey - Vocals,Guitar
David Savage - Piano,Organ
Lenwood Cherry - Drums
Buzz Amato - Organ
Mike Bell - Bass
Rick Hinkle - Guitar
Francine Reed - Guest Vocal Song 3
Rick Willis - Guest Vocal Song 4
Rocky Buldo - Bass
James H.Patterson - Sax
