Hey Purple-heads of all ages and places out there! 

I just wanted to take a moment to give you a quick note before you go in and buy this CD: there is ANOTHER release of this album in the works that is going to be...well, maybe better is not the right word, but rather more "complete"... 

Remember the remastered "Burn" that Rhino released a few years ago, which was expanded to include some bonus remixes done by Glenn Hughes and the b-side "Coronarias Redig"? Well, EMI (Purple's Label for the world outside the US) was in FACT responsible for THAT release and Rhino only picked it up after it was done... 

And now, once again, EMI has prepared a remastered, expanded edition of "Stormbringer" (working with Glenn again) for release outside the US...yeah, I know, it stinks having to pay for import CD's, but c'mon, this is Purple we're talking about! I'm sure you'd prefer the WHOLE package, wouldn't you? I know I do! 

I have nothing against THIS release from Friday Music (actually, I think it is a worthy effort to salvage a long lost, truly awesome album), I haven't even heard it yet, so I can't really critizise it, but I felt compelled to give ya 'all a heads-up about this... 

Stormbringer? It's a jewel, one of my fav Purple albums, even if it is a true departure from their trademark fast paced, guitar driven sound...I like it even more than the MK II albums...yeah...that's how much I like it...if you want a little more in depth comment about the songs, check out my review of the 2 CD pack of "Burn/Stormbringer"... 

The only reason why I give this CD 4 stars and not 5 is because I'd rather wait for the expanded EMI release...But hey, it's your dough, after all, and God knows I'd be the last person in the world to be telling other people what to do... 

Peace and Rock On...

by Erick Bertin

TRACKLIST:

01 - Stormbringer.wma                                            
02 - Love Don't Mean A Thing.wma                                 
03 - Holy Man.wma                                                
04 - Hold On.wma                                                 
05 - Lady Double Dealer.wma                                      
06 - You Can't Do It Right (With The One You Love).wma           
07 - High Ball Shooter.wma                                       
08 - The Gypsy.wma                                               
09 - Soldier Of Fortune.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!