. 
  
http://www.torrenting.com/        :     Greatest Movie Tracker on The Net!!!
 
http://www.Torrenting.com          :     Once & For all ;)


               www . Torrenting . Com 

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))


...................................NFO:....................................

. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                      Hot.To.Trot.1988.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Hot to Trot                                      
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-05-30       Source [ Retail DVDR       
        Retail [ 2010-07-23       iMDB [ 3.7/10 (1537)     
        Runtime [ 83 mins          Size [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy                                           
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095326/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 162kb/s VBR Joint Stereo -V3                   
          Video [ 624 x 336 @ 1009kb/s 23.976fps                 
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Stockbroker Bob Goldthwait awaits his advisor's            
         yay or neigh! Psst. Want a good stock tip, buddy?            
         Then just follow Don's advice. Some say he has               
         insider information. Others say he has horse sense           
         ...and they're right. The source of Hot to Trot's            
         moneymaking, laugh-getting info is Don, the talking          
         horse.                                                       
                                                                      
           Psst. Here's another hot top: Hot to Trot offers           
         plenty of two-legged goofiness, too. Bob Goldthwait          
         headlines this rambunctious romp and - as fans of            
         Scrooged, Police Academy 2, 3 and 4 and the LP Meat          
         Bob already know - funny is what this gifted comic           
         is all about. Here, Goldthwait characteristically            
         twitches, stutters and shrieks in the uproarious             
         role of Fred, the stockbroker Don saddles up with            
         for a sprint along Yuppiedom's high-rise fast track.         
                                                                      
           A cluster of thoroughbred talents is on hand as            
         comic stablemates. Emmy Award winner Dabney Coleman          
         (9 to 5, Tootsie) leers and sneers as the conniving          
         stepdad who wants to squelch Fred's good fortune.            
         Saturday Night Live's Tim Kazurinsky, Gilbert Gottfried      
         and Mary Gross (Feds) offer their own unique styles          
         of horsing around, all brought to a merry photo              
         finish under the direction of Michael Dinner (Heaven         
         Help Us, Off Beat). And Don himself, moving his lips         
         without wires, is the happenin' horse who mouths             
         wisecracks that Francis the Talking Mule and Mr. Ed          
         were never hip enough to say.                                
                                                                      
           Listen up, party animals. You know it's comedy             
         you're after. So join two of the heartiest party             
         animals around: Bob Goldthwait and Don. They're              
         Hot to Trot!                                                 
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           The obvious choice was to cast Bobcat Goldthwait           
         as co-star. His previous performances in no less than        
         three Police Academy movies, and his acting prowess          
         combined with his soothing hoarse whisper, would no  n       
         doubt help illuminate the many facets of his equestria       
         leading man. As Don the horse they cast John Candy,          
         frequently mistaken for a horse in real life owing to        
         his long, lean figure. To direct this journey into the       
         inner life of horses they chose Tim Burton, an up-and-       
         coming star who had most recently finished directing         
         Pee-wee's Big Adventure. He foolishly declined, opting       
         instead to direct a piece named Beetle Juice, and no         
         one has heard from him since. An acquintance of his,         
         Danny Elfman of Oingo Boingo, famous for his contrib-        
         utions to the soundtracks of Teen Wolf Too and Back          
         To School (starring Rodney Dangerfield) signed up for        
         music writing duties however, a move which very              
         clearly helped his career on to the multiple Oscar           
         nominations he has since received.                           
                                                                      
           While this may make it sound as though creating the        
         ultimate 80s talking horse movie was easy, that is           
         certainly not the case. Before fitting all the pieces        
         of this puzzle, they tried and failed numerous times.        
         Bobcat's role was originally played by Joan Rivers,          
         and Don was first voiced by Elliott Gould. None of           
         them had what it took to bring out proper equine             
         magic, nor the wit and charm of the final cast. Don's        
         lines were rewritten entirely by future Monk creator         
         Andy Breckman, and John Candy even threw out his             
         rewrite, and improvised most of his dialog. This goes        
         to show what a winning recipe talking horses are;            
         it's not important what they say, only that they             
         talk. With the addition of versatile Gilbert Gottfried       
         in a bit part, and further casting of Dabney Coleman         
         and Virginia Madsen, their vision was complete.              
                                                                      
           Unfortunately, the world was not quite ready for           
         such a level of excellence in filmmaking, leading to         
         5 Razzie nominations. Today, 23 years later, we can          
         only look back, and marvel at the achievements of            
         this group of people, and what they accomplished,            
         at a moment in time when it was widely believed              
         comedy had already reached a high point. Bobcat              
         Goldthwait, Gilbert Gottfried, and a talking horse           
         that knows all about the stock market - played by            
         John Candy. It is indeed a formula of perfection.            
                                                                      
         Prepare to throw out everything you thought you knew         
         about horses, and enjoy!                                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx