

E-Book.

Jewish involvement in the Ku Klux Klan.




 The KKK is known to have had many jewish
members and even grand dragons, such as the very interesting character
Daniel Burros who spent years of his life as a fake leader of the KKK right up
until it came out that he was jewish, at which point, the jewish sources say he
shot himself in the chest and in the head. He went around saying "kill, kill,
kill", but his motivation was none other than that of jewish subversion and
causing racial strife.

David Wolfgang Hawke started a fake Nazi group called Knights of Freedom,
later renamed American Nationalist Party, but it too fell flat on it’s face when it
was found out that this character was really just a jew by the name
of Andrew Britt Greenbaum.


The Ku Klux Klan originally gets it's name from the Greek word for circle, kyklos. It was basically the kyklos klan, or KKK, changed slightly to Ku Klux Klan.
If you take a look at wikipedia, it even admits this.  

Those who know about the jew, it’s a well known fact
the reason they are called kikes, is because of the yiddish word for circle,
which is kikel.


wikipedia:

The word kike was born on Ellis Island when Jewish immigrants who
were there were also illiterate (or could not use Latin alphabet
letters), when asked to sign the entry-forms with the customary 'X,'*
refused, because they associated an X with the cross of Christianity,
and instead made a circle. The Yiddish word for 'circle' is kikel
(pronounced KY-kul), and for 'little circle,' kikeleh (pronounced
ky-kul-uh). Before long the immigration inspectors were calling
anyone who signed with an 'O' instead of an 'X' a kikel or kikeleh or
kikee or, finally and succinctly, kike.


I'm not saying the entire KKK is jewish, because it's not, but like all
groups that stir up racism and cause division, it certainly has it's share of
them. Both in leadership, members, and provocateurs, there are always plenty
of jews afoot. It just so turns out that the KKK got it's name from the Greek
word kyklos meaning circle, and jews got the name kike from the yiddish word
kikel meaning circle as well.

Knowing jews are always found on both sides of the racism equation (i.e. KKK,
Nazi Party, NAACP, ACLU, SPLC, ADL) it's at the very least quite intriguing
that these names have such similar origins. Another intriguing note is that
jews often attach great significance to names, and are known to alter them like
this to fit different purposes.


