From wikipedia
Petaling Street Warriors (Chinese: 大英雄•小男人) is a film co-directed by James Lee Thim Heng and Sampson Yuen Choi-Hin[6] through Malaysian production company, Juita Entertainment, a subsidiary of Juita Viden. Jointly presented by Juita Viden and Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC), it is the first period kungfu comedy to be produced locally in Malaysia and Singapore, with famed action choreographer from Hong Kong, Yuk-Sing Ma, who have worked on Hong Kong and China\'s blockbusters, such as Storm Riders 2 and A Chinese Fairy Tale.

The story took two years of research work and preparation. The production of the film took place earlier than Namewee\'s Nasi Lemak 2.0, but as Nasi Lemak 2.0 was released earlier, Petaling Street Warriors thus has become the second full-length movie Namewee would star in 2011.[7]

After viewing the film as it underwent post-production work in Hong Kong, numerous Hong Kong filmmakers call the film as the \"watershed\" and \"milestone\" in the history of Malaysian Chinese film industry.

Petaling Street Warriors would be released in cinemas nationwide in Malaysia (December 1, 2011) and Singapore (December 29, 2011). Cinema chains that will be playing the film in Malaysia include GSC, TGV, Cathay, Big, LFS, MBO, Star, First World, Mega Prai and also Brunei Mall. In Singapore, the film will be shown via Shaw, Cathay, Eng Wah, Filmgarde Cineplex and Golden Village\'s circuits.

Its gala premieres have been held at 9:30pm on 25 November 2011 at GSC Pavilion KL, Malaysia, and at 8:45pm on 19 December 2011 at Shaw Theatres LIDO, Singapore. Although its official showing date in Singapore is January 5, its sneak preview screenings has started since December 23.

Since opening on 1 December, its first 4-day box office collection (RM1.4 million) has surpassed that of Nasi Lemak 2.0 (RM 1 million). It was also the highest-grossing Chinese film in the week it was first shown.

The movie is also available in original and dubbed-in-Malay versions on Astro First between January 12 and February 15, 2012

Resolution - 640x480
Bitrate - 2200
FPS - 25
Codec - Mp4
Sound Codec - AAC - VBR 152kbps(max)
Language - Cantonese
Subtitle - Hardsub English

PS:i rip this myself,Enjoy! ^^