The B-52's were New Wave pioneers. "Rock Lobster", influenced by the vocalizations of Yoko Ono, is of course a New Wave classic. But oh, there is so much more. "Planet Claire" combines tacky space-horror-flick music with lyrics like "Some say she's from Mars/Or one of the seven stars/That shine after 3:30 in the morning/WELL SHE ISN'T!" My favorite track, "Dance This Mess Around", is a brilliant mish-mosh of Shangri-Las melodrama, Supremes pop, 50's and 60's dance fads and wacky teen soap opera. It begins with great solemnity: "Remember...when you held my hand/Say, remember...when you were my man", and it goes on from there. I can't begin to describe it totally. You just have to hear it. In "Lava", a song about hot love, Fred announces "I'm gonna jump in a crater", and Cindy and Kate respond nonchalantly "See ya later". Track #6 has the very logical title "There's a Moon in the Sky (Called the Moon)", but it mentions other heavenly bodies: "You better move over/Here comes a super-nova." And if Petula Clark ever heard this version of "Downtown", I hope her sense of humor was intact, because if not, she probably wanted to go sharpen her axe.

The songs, musically spare and slyly obliterating the then-reigning (and declining) disco sound, consist mostly of minimalist clanging guitar, choppy and/or eerie keyboards, and smashingly witty lyrics with on-target vocal delivery by all. What you have to understand is that in spite of the wackiness, this album works as serious music, or maybe I mean to say "music to take seriously". How, I'm not sure. That's the beauty of it. 

Track Listing:
1. Planet Claire 
2. 52 Girls
3. Dance This Mess Around 
4. Rock Lobster 
5. Lava 
6. There's A Moon In The Sky (Called The Moon)
7. Hero Worship 
8. 6060-842
9. Downtown 

I was shocked to noticed that this album has not been offered before on Pirate Bay. It is a rockin' classic in every sense of the word. No record collection is complete without it.

Enjoy and please seed.