Oscar Peterson - Oscar Peterson Plays The Cole Porter Song Book 
Year Of Release: 1959
Label:  Verve
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Recorded July 21, August 1, 1959 at Universal Studios, Chicago

This re-release by Verve preserves, in my opinion, one of the best trio performances. 'In the Still of the Night', 
Peterson's subtle single melody nuances and left hand chords are complimented by Ray Brown's wonderful bass. Ed Thigpen maintains the tempo with his stylish brush technique. The rest of the CD is hampered only slightly by the 'volme' inconsistencies from one number to the next, created by the studio. This is a great CD. ~ Jack Metzger

I have been a huge Oscar Peterson for many years. This is one album that, somehow, I missed. This is strange for I also think Cole Porter is one of the best "standard" songwriters of all time. Peterson has an outstanding command of all of these recordings. It seems that Oscar actually liked all of the songs and one can tell by his interpretations. Many tunes are short; but Oscar takes advantage by using his expert technique and weaves the beautiful melodies with his overwhelming ability to "ad lib" over the chord changes as he has known to do ever-so-well. If one is not familiar with Oscar Peterson, this would be one album that will get one hooked. Also, the original trio of Oscar, Ray Brown, (bass) Ed Thigpen (drums) plays on the whole album. This trio was very popular for many years. And needless to say, Oscar Peterson was truly the master of the piano and this album exemplifies who Oscar really is. Five Stars!!!! ~ Harry Giovanoni

Personnel:
Oscar Peterson - piano
Ray Brown - bass
Ed Thigpen - drums 

Oscar Peterson - The Cole Porter Song Book Tracks:
01  In The Still Of The Night
02  It’s All Right With Me
03  Love For Sale
04  Just One Of Those Things
05  I’ve Got You Under My Skin
06  Every Time We Say Goodbye
07  Night and Day
08  Easy To Love
09  Why Can’t You Behave
10  I Love Paris
11  I Concentrate On You
12  It’s De-Lovely