[b][PC GAME] Terrorist Takedown - Covert Operations [ CRANK ][/b]


.:::Game Info:::.


Terrorist Takedown returns for a third outing with Covert Operations, featuring jungle warfare deep in South America.It was a routine operation. Colombian and American Special Forces units were destroying a cocaine plantation when a sniper's bullet killed their commanding officer. A moment later, all hell broke loose.The expedition dared to destroy cocaine fields belonging to the Bendictions cartel: the largest and most ruthless drug lord alliance in Colombia.

 Officially, no one declared war - but people keep dying. Deep in the South American jungle, a U.S. unit sent to destroy a drug cartel was ambushed. The survivors have been taken hostage by the terrorists. You're in command of an elite Special Forces unit, and it's time for action!

Features:-

* Fighting alongside American Special Forces, defeat the biggest drug cartel in Columbia, destroying its cocaine plantations and killing it's bosses. It's time to show them war is hell!

 * Use models of authentic American Army weapons, such as the Spas 12 shotgun, M 60 machine gun, and the Mk 19 grenade launcher. You can also capture and use enemy guns (Colt 945 pistol, AK 47 assault rifle).

 * Fight night and day, rain or shine - the action doesn't stop! Battlefields include jungle swamps, native villages, drug plantations, enemy bases, and mysterious ancient ruins.

 * You're on enemy territory - stay alert for ambushes and traps! Spotting a hidden jungle path may let you bypass mortal danger.

Terrorist Takedown: Covert Operations Tech Info:-

Publisher:City Interactive
 Developer:Merscom
 Genre:Modern First-Person Shooter
 Release Date:November 2006 (US)
 Number of Players:1 Player

System Requirements:-

System: Windows 98/Me/2000/XP, DirectX 9.0
 CPU: 1.6 GHz RAM: 512MB
 Card: ATI Radeon 8500
 Hard Disk: 2GB
 Peripherals: Mouse, Keyboard

Terrorist Takedown: Covert Operations Cheat :-

 While playing the game press ~ to bring the console and enter these codes to get corresponding results.

Cheat----Effect
 Cheat.TuneWeapons()----All weapons
 GodMode()----God mode
 Cheat.NextMission()----Level skip
 Cheat.FullHealth()----Full health
 Cheat.AddAmmo()----Full ammo

:::.Screenshots.:::


! Download ! - ! Seed ! - ! Enjoy !

❝❝ Please Seed After You Have Completed Your Downloading ❞❞

!!! I’m Just Doing My Best To Share The Source Available On Net !!!
