-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: The.Hustler.1961.HDTVRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.25 GiB
Duration: 2h 14mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: Only the angel who falls knows the depths of hell.

Storyline:

"Fast" Eddie Felson is a small-time pool hustler with a lot of talent but a self-destructive attitude. 
His bravado causes him to challenge the legendary "Minnesota Fats" to a high-stakes match, but he loses in a heartbreaking marathon. 
Now broke and without his long-time manager, Felson faces an uphill battle to regain his confidence and his game. 
It isn't until he hits rock bottom that he agrees to join up with ruthless and cutthroat manager Bert Gordon. 
Gordon agrees to take him on the road to learn the ropes. But Felson soon realizes that making it to the top could cost him his soul, and perhaps his girlfriend. 
Will he decide that this is too steep a price to pay in time to save himself?

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/hustler/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0054997/

Cast:

Paul Newman 	... 	Eddie Felson 
Jackie Gleason 	... 	Minnesota Fats 
Piper Laurie 	... 	Sarah Packard 
George C. Scott 	... 	Bert Gordon 
Myron McCormick 	... 	Charlie Burns 
Murray Hamilton 	... 	Findley 
Michael Constantine 	... 	Big John 
Stefan Gierasch 	... 	Preacher 
Clifford A. Pellow 	... 	Turk (as Cliff Pellow) 
Jake LaMotta 	... 	Bartender 
Gordon B. Clarke 	... 	Cashier 
Alexander Rose 	... 	Score Keeper 
Carolyn Coates 	... 	Waitress 
Carl York 	... 	Young Hustler 
Vincent Gardenia 	... 	Bartender

Genre: Drama | Romance | Sport
Director: Robert Rossen
Rating: No Rating
Language: English
Awards: Won 2 Oscars. Another 12 wins & 13 nominations
Original source: The Hustler 1961 720p HDTV x264-MX

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 058 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 5 362 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 544 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.35:1
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.123

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 336 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 410 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.