Tips To A Better Sex Life.pdf.[J-William]


Table of Contents
 .
4 Easy Ways to Spice Up Things in the Bedroom
Are you in a relationship that seems as if it is stalled in the bedroom? If so, your first thought
may be to terminate the relationship. But, what if your relationship is long-term? What if you
are married? What if you really do love your partner? What steps should you take then?
When it comes to being unhappy in the bedroom, it is important to know that ending a
marriage or a relationship should only be used as a last approach. Instead, you will want to
take steps to spice things up. Doing so may improve more than just your intimacy, but it may
do wonders for your relationship in general.
As nice as it is to hear that you can and should spice things up and in the bedroom, you may
be unsure as to how you should proceed. If that is the case, please continue reading on.
Below, four easy ways that you can spice things up in the bedroom, are covered.
1 – Engage in Foreplay
When you do have sex, what happens? Do you and your partner get right down to business?
If you do, that may be a huge problem. Unfortunately, many couples do not realize that
intimacy is more than just about having sex. It is also about having a happy and healthy
relationship. If you rely on sex to make your relationship succeed, there is a very good
chance that it will actually fail.
If you and your partner don’t already engage in foreplay, start doing so. Also, remember that
foreplay doesn’t have to start in the bedroom. Call your lover, send a text message, or a
handwritten note expressing your desires to get intimate with them later on.
2 – Be Spontaneous
When you want to have sex, what do you do? If you actually take the time to ask your
partner if they want to be intimate with you, you may be doing more harm than good. Asking
first can make being intimate seem more like a chore than something that should bring you
pleasure. The next time that you want to move to the bedroom, don’t ask first. Just lead
your partner there. In fact, who needs a bedroom?