
Year: 2011 
Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person / Stealth 
Developer: Rocksteady Studios 
Publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment 
Localizer in Russia: 1C-SoftKlab

Publication Type: License 
Language: Russian / Multi9 
Language: English / Multi5 
Crack: 
System requirements:
Operating system: Windows Vista / XP / Windows 7 
Processor: Intel core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or AMD Athlon X2 4800 + 
RAM: 2 GB 
Graphics card: ATI 385OHD / NVIDIA 8800 GT with 512 MB 
Space on your hard disk: 17 GB
Description:
Studio Rocksteady - creators of the project Batman: Arkham Asylum - new players are invited to plunge into the dark and mysterious atmosphere of Gotham City in the game «Batman: Arkhem City."

Arkhem - an area where rampant released from a psychiatric clinic and to their own mad, inveterate criminals and maniacs. This is a black spot in the heart of Gotham City, separated from the surrounding city impregnable wall. And as you know, where the evil - and there Batman! In Arkheme legendary man-bat to meet many famous heroes and villains, and players will be felt, what it is - to be the Dark Knight.
Features:

- The Dark Knight. The spectacular fights Batman is already used as otochennye to perfection, as well as new techniques and skills. Life in Arkhem City - is a fierce battle in the streets, intense espionage mission, exciting investigation, epic battles with supervillains in which the identity of Batman can be revealed from an unexpected quarter.

- The cat's game. Another game character «Batman: Arkhem City" will be a charming cat. In a beautiful superheroine is its own history, intertwined with the adventures of Batman, and its ability, fighting techniques and equipment will give everyone a completely new feel of the game.

- One against many. At this time against a well-organized Batman perform and skillful opponents, who are trained to use heavy weapons, assault teams and attack from all sides. However, man-bat is not easy: he now has twice as many combat moves - attacks, counterattacks and crushing blows.

- New gadgets. Along with the familiar wonders of technology at the disposal of Batman will be a completely new device, such as decoder (Cryptographic Sequencer) and smoke grenades (Smoke Pellets), significantly extending the range of his superpowers.

- Golden Feather. In the story «Batman: Arkhem City" meets the five-time winner of the "Emmy" writer Paul Dini (Paul Dini). From his pen came a fascinating story, unfolding in a terrible and beautiful place. After the closure of hospitals and prisons Arkhem Blekgeyt new mayor of Gotham ordered to allocate part of the city to create a private area, which included both industrial and historic neighborhoods. It is named Arkhem City.

- They need to know in person. Players will meet many heroes and villains of the universe, man-bat. Among them are two-faced, Harley Quinn, Penguin, Hugo Strange, Victor Zsaszom, Kalendarnik, Joker, Zagadochnik and many others.

- Guest stars. The main heroes of the game, Batman and the Joker, gave their votes to the Hollywood stars Mark Hamill, who played the famous Jedi Luke Skywalker, and Kevin Conroy, Batman of the many permanent cartoons.


Composition of the pack:

"Sinestro Corps" Batman Skin 
"The Dark Knight Returns" Batman Skin 
"Earth One" Batman Skin 
"1970s Batsuit" Batman Skin 
"Animated" Batman Skin 
"Batman Beyond" Batman Skin 
"Year One" Batman Skin 
"Batman Inc." Batman Skin 
"The Joker's Carnival" Challenge Map 
"Penguin's Iceberg Lounge" Challenge Map 
"Robin" Bundle Pack 
"Nightwing" Bundle Pack