Please help seed!

Instructions:
-------------------
1. Download.
2. Extract.
3. Copy extracted folders to your WoW/Interface/AddOns folder.
   - Both Horde and Alliance folders are included, if you don't play both, don't worry, WoW will only load the appropriate guide.
4. Launch WoW.
5. Once you are logged in and at your character screen, click the AddOns button and make sure that ZygorGuidesViewer and ZygorTalentAdvisor are checked.
6. Launch the game and enjoy.

Bug Fixes:
-------------------
October 20th, 2011

Alliance Guides Change Log:
Alliance/Horde Events/Pets & Mounts/Titles
Made a few additional changes to Hallows End Quests, Dailies, and Achievements guides

Alliance/Horde Professions
Changed the Alchemy section so that users are now recommend the transmutation stone that is best suited to their class. Purchased/Gathered materials were updated for this change as well.

The Leatherworking section now has players go to Winterspring to farm "Thick Leather" off Yeti's because they also drop Rugged Leather needed later. Also added in a flight to Shattrath City and missing map name on the step to farm Dampscale Basilisks in Terrokar.

Herbalism guide no longer has users farm Blindweed, a level 235 herb, when they are lower than 235

Alliance Professions
Adjusted gathering route for "Felweed" in the Herbalism guide so that points 10-12 don't loop forever.
Added in missing "Train Master rank" step in the Leatherworking guide.

fixed waypoints for alliance hallowed event quest givers

Horde Guides Change Log:
Horde Professions
Added in a new include for the portal to Orgrimmar in Shattrath City. Added usage to the Blacksmithing Guide. Also replaced fly to "Valiance Landing Camp" with "Warsong Camp". Librover entry updated as well.

Corrected a typo where "Tarren Mill" was spelled "Tauren Mill" in the Alchemy guide. Increased the amount of Netherbloom required to "20".

Alliance/Horde Events/Pets & Mounts/Titles
Made a few additional changes to Hallows End Quests, Dailies, and Achievements guides

Alliance/Horde Professions
Changed the Alchemy section so that users are now recommend the transmutation stone that is best suited to their class. Purchased/Gathered materials were updated for this change as well.

The Leatherworking section now has players go to Winterspring to farm "Thick Leather" off Yeti's because they also drop Rugged Leather needed later. Also added in a flight to Shattrath City and missing map name on the step to farm Dampscale Basilisks in Terrokar.

Herbalism guide no longer has users farm Blindweed, a level 235 herb, when they are lower than 235

Archaeology guide no longer warns users to drop any professions to make room for Archaeology.

(int) Updated all instances of the "orgport" includes into new and working "port" includes (most of these weren't working).

fixed alchemy for horde and alliance 425-525 section
 
Zygor Guides Info:
-------------------
The Cataclysm is upon us! Level from 1-85 now with the fastest, most feature rich guide in the world.

    Completely Redesigned Minimalist User Interface. Switch Between Full or Mini View Modes, the choice is yours
    4 Full 1-60 Guides For Kalimdor & Eastern Kingdoms. 40 Zones Covered, 12 More Than Competing Guides
    2 Full 60-70 Guides For Outland and Northrend
    5 Full 80-85 Guides For All Cataclysm Zones
    Goblin and Worgen Starter Guides Included
    In-Game Talent Build Advisor For All Skill Trees
    Built In Waypoint Arrow, No TomTom Or Other Addons Needed
    NEW! Loremaster Achievement Guide
    All Dailies Covered for both Cataclysm and Wrath of the Lich King.
    Covers all Prerequisites Required To Unlock Dailies including full zone guides for Uldum and Deepholm.
    Speed Gold Runs Make You Over 300 Gold In Just An Hour
    Includes All 10 Seasonal Events Needed For The What A Long, Strange Trip It's Been Achievement
    Get Your Crusader Title And Earn Epic & Heirloom Items