TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Ashampoo Gadge It v1.0.0 (c) 2011 Ashampoo

Date: 05/12/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type
Registration/Serial Crack
Activation Crack
Trial Crack
Server Check Crack
X Serial
Hidden/Added Features Enabler
X Other: Server Check Bypass

Loader Patcher        Patch        Precracked      X RegFile
Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

Liven up your desktop

Ashampoo Gadge It enables you to create individual desktop
applications (gadgets) and browser menus even for Windows XP
With a gadget you gain easier and quicker access to, for example,
the folder with your favorite videos and a frequently visited
website, or you can send e-mails directly from the desktop. The
buttons in your gadgets can be linked to several functions.

With Ashampoo Gadge It you can design gadgets individually. Among
other things, you can choose between different buttons, add your
own pictures or optionally add background music. There are no
limits to your creativity. Ashampoo Gadge It provides different
design themes for quick results.

Start now with the creation of your personal gadgets and browser
menus and bring more functionality to your desktop

Own gadgets without programming skills

With Ashampoo Gadge It you will create own gadgets and browser
menus in a jiffy. You can design these individually and also add
different functions

For the creation of a gadget you dont need any programming
skills, because with the help of the easy to use program
interface you will be guided through the creation process
step-by-step.

Gadget types

With Ashampoo Gadge It, gadgets can also be created for Windows
XP. This way you, a Windows XP user, will be equal to those of
the latest Windows operating systems and will be able to use
gadgets just as comfortably.

When creating gadgets and menus you can choose between different
types. A Sidebar Gadget is a gadget for your Windows Vista or
Windows 7 desktop. The Standalone Gadget is similar to the
gadgets for Windows Vista and Windows 7, but it can even be used
on Windows XP. A Standalone Menu is a menu that executed in an
own window, while the Browser Menu is HMTL based and is opened in
your standard browser. All types of menus can be launched
automatically on Windows startup.

Step-by-step creation process

Ashampoo Gadge It guides you through the creation of gadgets and
menus step-by-step. First of all you can select a title for your
project and background music, if necessary. In the next step you
can create a gadget or menu in the editor according to your
desires, for example by adding pictures and texts. Then you can
decide for each button which action is going to be performed
when the button is clicked. Possible actions include opening
files and websites as well as sending e-mails, playing sounds
and lots more.

After the customization of your gadget you can use it
immediately and add an autostart function, if necessary.

Requirements

Operating System:
Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a
reasonable speed, graphic adapter min.resolution 800 x 600 and
16-bit High color
Recommended for best performance: DirectX 9 capable GPU with
hardware pixel shader v2.0.

CPU:
1200 MHz (or higher) x86/x64 CPU

RAM and disk space:
256 MB RAM, hard disk space 45 MB
Recommended for best performance: 512 MB RAM (or more

Software:
Sidebar/desktop gadgets cannot be display on Windows XP
Microsoft .Net 4.0 Framework for standalone gadgets on Windows
XP.

For More Info on Ashampoo Gadge It Visit 
http://www.ashampoo.com/frontend/products/php/product.php
sessionlangid=2&idstring=0070

TE Release Filename: tagi100x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install ashampoogadgeit1.0.0sm.exe.  Do not launch Ashampoo
Gadge It yet.  Next import the Registration.reg file into your
registry, which can be found in the Reg folder (just double click
the file).  Make sure you have administator mode if you have
problems importing the regfile.  Ashampoo Gadge It is now fully
registered and activated

Thats it  Enjoy

T E  2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code