Title: Mio Fratello E Figlio Unico aka My Brother Is an Only Child
Year: 2007 
Country: Italy / France
Language: Italian
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama / Comedy / Crime
Runtime: 108 min
Resolution: 688 x 368
Bitrates: 448kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3-5.1
Directed by: Daniele Luchetti
Starring: 
Elio Germano  ...  Accio Benassi
Riccardo Scamarcio  ...  Manrico Benassi
Angela Finocchiaro  ...  Amelia Benassi
Massimo Popolizio  ...  Ettore Benassi
Ascanio Celestini  ...  Padre Cavalli
Diane Fleri  ...  Francesca
Alba Rohrwacher  ...  Violetta Benassi
Vittorio Emanuele Propizio  ...  Accio adolescent
Claudio Botosso  ...  Prof. Montagna
Antonino Bruschetta  ...  Segretario Bombacci (as Ninni Bruschetta)
Anna Bonaiuto  ...  Bella Nastri
Luca Zingaretti  ...  Mario Nastri
Pasquale Sammarco  ...  Padre Tosi
Lorenzo Pagani  ...  Bertini
Matteo Sacchi  ...  Ragazzo Biliardino

IMDB Link:        
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0846040/


Plot: Two brothers come of age in the 1960s in a town south of Rome. Manrico is handsome, sometimes feckless, a leftist making the revolution. His younger brother Accio ("Bully") is a seminarian when the story beings, soon home studying Latin and joining the Fascists. Francesca, an aristocratic student, becomes Manrico's lover and Accio's friend. Over the next ten years, these three experience family, love, attraction, politics, and the challenges of adult responsibility. Subplots include Nastri, a father figure and political guide to Accio, Nastri's wife Bella who guides Accio in other ways, and the brothers' parents and sister, who are dazzled by Manrico's charm while depending on Accio. (IMDB)


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, SPANISH, FRENCH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE. 


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ				