THIS IS THE 2D VERSION, THERE IS A 3D VERSION IF YOU WOULD LIKE THAT BUT I THOUGHT MORE OF US WOULD ONLY HAVE NORMAL TELEVISIONS :)
The Universe: 7 Wonders of the Solar System is a success as not only a film but as a 3D release. It's far from the best currently on the market, but this A&E disc is priced right and more often than not looks quite good for what it is and all it has to work with. The film is made primarily from computer animated graphics. A small digital spaceship takes viewers around for a jaunt through the solar system, heading on out towards Saturn and making a U-turn back towards Jupiter, Mars, and the sun before heading back home to Earth. The graphics look quite nice, though it's clear the bulk of the money went into the heavenly bodies, leaving the spacecraft to fend for itself in graphics that might have looked good in a video game from a few years back. Still, the general detailing of it all is quite good; the image is extraordinarily crisp throughout, and colors, whether the bright blue waters of mother Earth or the fiery orange shades of the sun's photosphere, are all exceptionally bright and satisfying, particularly when offset against the perfectly black backgrounds. Back on Earth, the film's primary live action attraction comes in the form of several scientists offering their thoughts on the various places and events highlighted throughout the film. The image takes on a satisfying if not visually routine HD video sheen, revealing seamless detailing and fine colors. Unfortunately, slight banding, occasional shimmering, moderate blocking, and a few jagged edges bring down the score by half a point or so, but none are necessarily causes for alarm; they're never obtrusive and likely only to be noticed by the most eagle-eyed and demanding of audiences.

The Universe: 7 Wonders of the Solar System's 3D elements are generally strong, but don't fare quite as well as the best Blu-ray 3D discs. The disc is packed with some amazing 3D images, though viewers may be disappointed by the rather extreme amount of "ghosting" that may be as visibly distracting on their sets as it was on the Panasonic 3D plasma hardware used to help craft this review. Still, The Universe: 7 Wonders of the Solar System delivers some jaw-dropping 3D assets that put the format through its paces and ultimately prove its worth as a viable and entertaining option. Various celestial bodies -- the sun in particular -- appear perfectly spherical in Blu-ray 3D, seeming to poke out of the screen and hover against the black backdrop of space, perfectly revealing the shape and size of every one. Depth is fantastic in most every scene, with various planets and asteroids and rings and moons and stars and all sorts of heavenly material floating not only in but, it would seem in 3D, behind and in front of the screen, too. In one early scene, asteroids seem to hurtle towards the audience; as the rocks appear to propel out of the television, viewers may find themselves shifting around the sofa in an effort to avoid being smacked by one. A scene in chapter five takes viewers to a movie theater as the film analyzes the role of the Asteroid Belt in Science Fiction cinema. With the camera positioned in the back of the theater, viewers will find themselves in awe at how the rows of seats seem to stretch on far past the limits of the television and on through the wall and down an imaginary isle towards the screen. Back in space, debris is so thick in one scene -- with every one of the objects seeming to occupy its own little three-dimensional space within the television -- that viewers will feel like they could almost swim through it. The film's live-action 3D segments fare well, too; the outdoor shots reveal a lifelike image that sees the scientists offset against their backgrounds, with the Berkeley professor standing out form the rest as foreground grasses absolutely appear closer to the camera than he, with the background behind him seeming to extend on as far as nature and the human eye allows. This is a quality 3D transfer that might not enjoy perfect consistency and the absolute seamlessness of others -- thanks in large part to the heavy reliance on midlevel CG graphics -- but 3D fans will get a kick out of all there is to experience in this excellent Blu-ray 3D release.
The Universe: 7 Wonders of the Solar System's DTS HD-MA 5.1 lossless soundtrack is effective and satisfying. This is a big, almost hulking presentation that offers spacious music and bass-heavy narration, both of which are delivered crisply and effectively. Music booms out of the front half of the soundstage and is accompanied by a perceptible but not overwhelming rear channel presence. The surrounds also carry various sound effects, notably the roaring engines of the digital spacecraft that oftentimes seems to hurtle through the listening area, beginning in the back and, as it traverses the solar system to its next destination, straight on through the living room and winding up in the front portion of the soundstage. It's a decidedly Sci-fi-ish sound effect, but it fits in perfectly with the film's smart but accesible and almost playful tone. There's not much else to this track; it's quite good, but not necessarily great, and is ultimately a fine companion to the 3D visuals and the quality and tone of the film it accompanies.

2D Version

General
Complete name : The Universe 7 Wonders of the Solar System 2D.mkv
Format : Matroska
File size : 3.46 GiB
Duration : 44mn 4s
Overall bit rate : 11.2 Mbps
Movie name : The Universe: 7 Wonders of the Solar System (2010) 1080p.Blu-ray.DTS.x264-ViSTAÖ
Encoded date : UTC 2010-12-07 12:56:30
Writing application : mkvmerge v4.4.0 ('Die Wiederkehr') built on Oct 31 2010 21:52:48
Writing library : libebml v1.0.0 + libmatroska v1.0.0

Video
Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 4 frames
Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
Duration : 44mn 4s
Bit rate : 9 502 Kbps
Width : 1 920 pixels
Height : 1 080 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Color space : YUV
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0
Bit depth : 8 bits
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.191
Stream size : 2.93 GiB (85%)
Writing library : x264 core 110 r1804 e89c4cf
Language : English

Audio
Format : DTS
Format/Info : Digital Theater Systems
Codec ID : A_DTS
Duration : 44mn 4s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 1 510 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Side: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Bit depth : 24 bits
Compression mode : Lossy
Stream size : 476 MiB (13%)
Language : English