

KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC:
THE SAGA
Knights of the Old Republic + Knights of the Old Republic II
GBUS EDITION

If you have any problems with installation make sure you have actually read these instructions and follow them to the letter, I have little patience for people who want to just skim through them, then complain. I have provided the simplest instructions possible, follow them and you will be slaying dragons in no time, or getting owned by them if you suck.

BEFORE ANYTHING ELSE READ THIS DOCUMENT IN IT'S ENTIRETY!
Failure to do so could result in NOT installing the game properly, then me ridiculing you later because you're a dumb ass.  Some of the bonus items listed below were compressed using 7-Zip, if your current extraction utility can’t handle it please get 7-Zip.
In addition to the titles listed above, this release consists of:
	Mini-and-Maxi Images for Kotor  1 & Kotor  2
	Latest Official Patches
	Recommended Community Patches / Mods


Install Knights of the Old Republic:
Press the “GBUS” button to open a folder located on this disc, navigate to the “KOTOR” folder and mount the Mini-Image file “KOTOR_4.ISO”. Next press the button on the menu marked “Install KOTOR 1” to launch the installation, follow all on-screen instructions, when the installer asks for Disc 4 point it to where you mounted “KOTOR_4.ISO” and complete the installation. Once installation is complete you may safely dismount “KOTOR_4.ISO”. 
After setup has been completed, click the “Install 1.03 Update” button beneath the “Install KOTOR 1” button and follow all on-screen instructions; once the update has completed copy the “swkotor.exe” into the Install Directory and overwrite the existing file.
NOTE: If you are running Windows Vista or 7 you will need to copy the files inside the “kotor1-2_vista-w7_fixed_dll.rar” in the “GBUS” directory, into your install directory overwriting any existing files. This is a .dll fix to help with crashing issues.
Install Knights of the Old Republic II:
Press the “GBUS” button to open a folder located on this disc, navigate to the “KOTOR2” folder and mount the Maxi-Image file “KOTOR2_1.ISO”, if a launcher opens simply close it. Next press the button on the menu marked “Install KOTOR 2” to launch the installation, follow all on-screen instructions, when the installer asks for the “Play Disc” point it to where you mounted “KOTOR2_1.ISO” and complete the installation. Once installation is complete you may safely dismount “KOTOR2_1.ISO”.
After setup has been completed, click the “Install 2.1 Update” button beneath the “Install KOTOR 2” button and follow all on-screen instructions; once the update has completed copy the “swkotor2.exe” into the Install Directory and overwrite the existing file.
If you wish to have high res sounds and movies, copy the folders “Movies” & “StreamMusic” from the “GBUS\KOTOR2” directory, into your install directory overwriting all files.
This is completely optional and will NOT effect gameplay.
NOTE: If you are running Windows Vista or 7 you will need to copy the files inside the “kotor1-2_vista-w7_fixed_dll.rar” in the “GBUS” directory, into your install directory overwriting any existing files. This is a .dll fix to help with crashing issues.
NOTE 2: If you are experiencing random crash issues, editing the .ini file for each game (located in the install directory, “swkotor.ini” for the first game, and “swkotor2.ini” for the second) and adding the line:
Disable Vertex Buffer Objects=1
Under the “[Graphics Options]” header has been proven to fix the issue for MOST people.







 
RECOMMENDED MODS
If you install nothing else, I recommend the following mods (click each to go to the mod homepage)
UniWS 
Allows you to play Kotor 1 & 2 on a widescreen display.
Follow all instructions on the website, I will NOT be providing support.
The Sith Lords: Restored Content Mod 
Allows you to play content started by Bioware and finished by the community.
Adds a wide range of new content to the game; read the Wikipedia article for more information.
I have included version 1.6 of the mod with this release, simply run the installer.
Have fun, enjoy, Gbus is Lord. 
