Book Description
Designing for Cisco Internetwork Solutions (DESGN) Foundation Learning Guide, Third Edition, is a Cisco®-authorized, self-paced learning tool for CCDA® foundation learning. This book provides you with the knowledge needed to design enterprise networks. By reading this book, you will gain a thorough understanding of designing routed and switched network infrastructures and services involving LAN, WAN, and broadband access for businesses and organizations.

Designing for Cisco Internetwork Solutions (DESGN) Foundation Learning Guide, Third Edition teaches you how to gather internetworking requirements, identify solutions, and design the network infrastructure and services to ensure basic functionality using the principles of hierarchical network design to structure and modularize a converged enterprise network design. Specific topics include understanding the design methodology; structuring and modularizing the network design; designing the Enterprise Campus, Enterprise Data Center, Enterprise Edge, and remote modules as needed; designing an addressing plan and selecting suitable routing protocols; designing basic voice transport across the network; designing a basic wireless solution; and evaluating security solutions. Chapter-ending review questions illustrate and help solidify the concepts presented in the book.

Whether you are preparing for CCDA certification or simply want to gain a better understanding of network design principles, you will benefit from the foundation information presented in this book.

Designing for Cisco Internetwork Solutions (DESGN) Foundation Learning Guide, Third Edition, is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

Understand network design methodologies and the lifecycle of a network
Learn how to structure and modularize network designs within the Cisco Network Architectures for the Enterprise
Design basic campus and data center networks
Build designs for remote connectivity with WAN technologies
Examine IPv4 and IPv6 addressing schemes
Select the appropriate routing protocols for various modules in the enterprise architecture
Evaluate security solutions for the network
Identify voice and video networking considerations
Understand design technologies and considerations when implementing a controller-based wireless network
This book is in the Foundation Learning Guide Series. These guides are developed together with Cisco® as the only authorized, self-paced learning tools that help networking professionals build their understanding of networking concepts and prepare for Cisco certification exams.

Book Details
Hardcover: 550 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press; 3rd Edition (July 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 158720424X
ISBN-13: 978-1587204241
File Size: 32.7 MiB