The full Age of Empires II Gold Edition Game, all completely free!

For installation instructions (READ FIRST), read the txt. file, found in the folder. The file reads:


Age of Empires II Gold Edition by mevidek

Contents:
-Instructions for Age of Empires II Installation.
-Instructions for Age of Empires II The Conquerors Expansion
-System Requirements
-Game information

Instructions for Age of Empires II installation:

1. Mount \'Age of Empires II The Age of Kings (base game)\' using a program for iso files. This could be
virtual clone drive, daemon tools, or anything you prefer.
2. Wait for autostart, or press (or run as administrator) AOE SETUP.
3. Proceed through the installation, and if a key is required, use the following serial: 53532-442-6345557-11265
4. Select any kind of installation you would like.
5. Wait for game to finish installing.
6. You can now play the game, view readme, or setup options which allows you to quit. To install Age
of Empires II The Conquerors Expansion, select setup options and quit. (DO NOT REGISTER ONLINE!)

Instructions for Age of Empires II The Conquerors Expansion:

1. Mount \'Age of Empires II Conquerors Expansion\'. Read above for details on how to mount iso files.
2. Wait for autostart or press (or run as administrator) AOC SETUP.
3. Proceed through the installation, and if a key is required, use the same serial as above.
4. Select any kind of installation you would like.
5. Wait for game to finish installing.
6. You can now play the game, view readme, or setup options which allows you to quit. (DO NOT REGISTER
ONLINE!)

System requirements:

Windows 95/98/ME - 32 MB RAM
Windows NT 4.0 (service pack 5)/2000 - 64 MB RAM 
(And above)
-----------------
Processor 166 MHz
-----------------
Hard Drive 550 MB
-----------------
Video Card 2 MB/2D
-----------------
Other - Audio board with speakers or headphones
-----------------
Online/Multiplayer Requirements - 28.8 Kbs modem or better. Internet Explorer 4.0 or Netscape Communicator
4.0
Age of Empires II Gold Edition unites the exciting gameplay of both Microsoft Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings 
and Age of Empires II: The Conquerors Expansion - plus additional content - for one compelling gaming experience.
Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings spans 1, 000 years, from the fall of Rome through the Middle Ages, in which players control
the destiny of one of thirteen civilizations. 
Age of Empires II: The Conquerors Expansion will challenge veterans and novices to wage war on an epic scale with all-new civilizations,
unique units and technologies, and campaigns based on infamous conquerors such as Attila the Hun, El Cid and Montezuma.


Enjoy! (All in English, although other languages may be supported).

Don\'t forget to download my other torrents!