Az Yet is an American R&B group from Philadelphia, best known for their hit "Last Night" and their cover of the Chicago song "Hard to Say I'm Sorry."

Formed in 1989 initially as a duo with Shawn Rivera and Dion Allen, the two were later joined by Kenny Terry, who they met singing in the lobby of the Wyndham Hotel in Philadelphia. Two other members, Dyshon Benson & Claude Thomas, left the group, and Darryl Anthony came on board. A demo by the group found its way into the hands of Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds through his mother-in-law, Jacqueline McQuam, who would one day hold various showcases to highlight their work. Impressed by their sound, Edmonds asked them to perform at a concert with After 7 and El DeBarge. Subsequently, the group added Boyz II Men founding member Marc Nelson. Az Yet first hit it big with a song from The Nutty Professor soundtrack, "Last Night."

Debut album

Az Yet released their self-titled debut (and only) album in 1996 on LaFace Records. The album featured a "who's who" of musical heavyweights, including David Foster, BabyFace, Sheila E., and Brian McKnight. The first single, "Last Night," reached #1 on the R&B charts, #9 on the Hot 100, peaked at #2 on Australia's ARIA charts, and spent 2 weeks at #1 in New Zealand's RIANZ charts, ultimately achieving platinum status. The group's second single, "Hard to Say I'm Sorry" (a cover of the Chicago hit), was nominated for a Grammy award (Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals), reached #8 on the Hot 100, and achieved platinum status. Driven by these two singles, the album reached RIAA platinum status.

Track listing

   1. "Last Night"
   2. "Saved For Someone Else"
   3. "Care For Me"
   4. "Every Little Bit Of My Heart"
   5. "Hard to Say I'm Sorry" (featuring Peter Cetera)
   6. "That's All I Want"
   7. "Secrets"
   8. "Through My Heart (The Arrow)"
   9. "I Don't Want To Be Lonely"
  10. "Sadder Than Blue"
  11. "Inseparable Lovers"
  12. "Time To End The Story"

vbr mp3's