
Year: October 19, 2010 
Genre: Action / RPG 
Developer: Obsidian Entertainment 
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
Publication Type: Repak 
Language: Russian \ English 
Language: English 
Crack:
Minimum system requirements: 

√ Operating System: Windows ® XP / Vista / 7 
√ Processor: Intel Pentium D / AMD Athlon 64 X2 
√ Memory: 1,5 GB (for XP) / 2 GB (for Vista / 7) 
√ Video: 128 MB (GeForce 6600GT / Radeon X1300XT) 
√ Sound Card: sovmestimoya with DirectX9.0 
√ Free space on hard disk: 10 GB
Description: 
Welcome to New Vegas - a city of dreamers and hunters for good luck. Three groups are ruthless struggle for control of this oasis in the post-apocalyptic desert. Those who are well armed and knows what he wants, is quickly become famous, but end up being a lot of enemies. Do the hard way on a hot wasteland Mojave, go to the Hoover Dam, take a stroll through the streets of the glittering neon of Vegas. While traveling, you meet many colorful personalities, will take part in the clashes between factions of power hungry, and fight with mutants of all stripes and sizes, and experience the unparalleled power of weapons. Decide who will be your ally, or by choosing the path of the hero's single, stand edinovlastnym King of New Vegas.
Features:

Hot Vegas. 
Explore the vast open spaces - from the provincial towns scattered across the Mojave Wasteland, to the magnificent shining lights of the streets of New Vegas. 
Your word. 
The war between competing factions will forever change the lives of the inhabitants of the city. On whose side in this conflict will take you, everything depends: who would have to meet and communicate, who will be loyal companions, and who - a sworn enemy, and of course, the final struggle for power. 
Fresh ideas. 
The new system of communication with partners; reputation system - remember: a backfire, and respond; mode "Hardcore" - for those who are not looking for easy ways, special techniques of unarmed combat. 
To arms! 
Arsenal is twice represented in Fallout 3: Now you have more than enough funds to adequately respond to any threat. In addition, Vault-Tec engineers have developed a new weapon system configuration that will repair or modify any dangerous "toys" in any place at any time. 
Complete chaos. 
Here is a huge world, you are free to choose its own path. Travel and sightseeing, fight shoulder to shoulder with those who, in your opinion, it is worth, or become a lone hero - it's your world, this is your game! 
Features: 

nothing cut / not recoded 
Have all DLC ("Dead Money", "Honest Hearts", "Old World Blues", "Lonesome Road", "Gun Runner's Arsenal", "Caravan Pack", "Classic Pack", "Mercenary Pack", "Tribal Pack" ) and transfers them 
Intro taken from origialnoy version of the game and re-localized by us! (By Sanya007) 
Added translated Launcher (optional install) 
Game Version - 1.4.0.525 
Installation time ~ 15-20 minutes. 
RePacked by [RG Catalyst]. 