American music legend Hank Williams has long been considered one of the earliest influences on rock and roll and in fact was the first of a very few artists to be inducted in both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Country Music Hall of Fame.  .
 
Williams’s vocals, steeped in emotion, have influenced generations of rock and Americana artists, and lately have been covered by more rock artists than country acts. In the way he wrote and the way he sang, he set the standard for self-expression and believability that has inspired rock artists from Elvis Presley onward. Rolling Stone named him as one of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time and Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, Keith Richards, Norah Jones, Beck and countless others have reinterpreted  his songs.  Dylan and John Fogerty both cite him as an early influence, Pearl Jam’s Stone Gossard created a side band in his honor called the Hank Khoir and Neil Young, who owns one of Williams original guitars, wrote  This Old Guitar about it.  
Many journalists refer to Hank Williams as the first rock and roll casualty. He was an original rock and roll rebel, making his music his way without compromise.  Williams songs…and his searing performances of them…were intensely personal statements. His simple poeticism is still the benchmark by which popular songs are measured.

This set is an astonishingly great addition to Hank Williams recorded legacy. The 54 songs are all previously unreleased (28 of which are the only existing versions recorded by Hank Williams). These are peak-period Live In The Studio recordings that equal or surpass the quality of Williams studio masters in performance and sound quality (with a few exceptions). Some songs are preceded or followed by studio chatter, conversation, introductions or promotion of the sponsor’s product (Mother's Best Flour) and the effect is like having Hank Williams and his band in the room with you, performing his hits, personal favorite songs and brand new compositions, just for you circa 1951, if you could time travel. And now you can.

This 3-CD box set contains 54 songs Hank and his band the Drifting Cowboys recorded live in the studio for the Mother’s Best Flour Company at the height of his popularity, in 1951.

Disc 1

 1. Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain
 2. Dust On The Bible
 3. I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry
 4. I Heard My Savior Calling Me
 5. Precious Lord Take My Hand
 6. Hey Good Lookin'
 7. On Top Of Old Smoky
 8. I Can't Tell My Heart That
 9. I Dreamed That The Great Judgement Morning
10. Next Sunday Darlin' Is My Birthday
11. At The First Fall Of Snow
12. Dear John
13. The Blind Child's Prayer
14. I'll Have A New Life
15. On The Banks Of The Old Pontchartrain
16. Low And Lonely
17. Drifting Too Far From The Shore
18. I'm Gonna Sing Sing Sing

Disc 2

 1. I Can't Help It (If I'm Still In Love With You)
 2. Seaman's Blues
 3. The Prodigal Son
 4. Cherokee Boogie
 5. Where He Leads Me
 6. From Jerusalem To Jericho
 7. Cool Water
 8. I've Got My One Way Ticket To The Sky
 9. Searching For A Soldier's Grave
10. California Zephyr
11. Softly And Tenderly
12. Just When I Needed You
13. Gathering Flowers ForThe Masater's Bouquet
14. Why Should Be Try Anymore
15. The Old Country Church
16. May You Never Be Alone
17. When The Fire Comes Down
18. Lonely Tombs

Disc 3

 1. Pictures From Life's Other Side
 2. I'll Fly Away
 3. Cold Cold Heart
 4. Have I Told You Lately That I Love You
 5. When God Dips His Love In My Heart
 6. Thy Burdens Are Greater Than Mine
 7. When The Saints Go Marching In
 8. I'll Sail My Ship Alone
 9. Wedding Bells
10. Mind Your Own Business
11. You Blotted My Happy School Days
12. Where The Soul Never Dies
13. Pins And Needles In My Heart
14. Tennessee Border
15. There's Nothing As Sweet As My Baby
16. Wait For The Light To Shine
17. If I Didn't Love You
18. The Pale Horse And His Rider
