Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


While most teens his age are preparing for college entrance exams and doing high school homework, young Adero juggles the same assignments together with a hectic schedule packed with photo shoots, piano practice, guitar lesions, dance rehearsals, in-studio recording, commercials, movie auditions, and live performances.

The words, prodigious and multi-talented are synonymous and holds true for the quick description of the Chicago native performer, Adero hit Chicago’s WGCI and Power 92 radio at the tender age of 13 with his first single called “Let’s Go”, which he recorded with the late MC Breed, followed by “Mr. President” at 14 years old and “Animated” at 15 years old. To date, Adero is the youngest solo R&B artist to hit Chicago radio rotation in over 30 years. Indeed, this budding new artist has an impressive resume for his age. His name, “Adero” properly fitting; means “Give Life” —and he is ready to take the world by storm! With each live performance, Adero infuses his seemingly infinite energy. Nowhere is his exuberant outlook expressed better than when he sings and writes. He might be just a teen, but his musical ability shows experience, passion and wisdom coming from a place far beyond the date on his birth certificate. Referred to as “boy wonder” by Chicago’s media press at an early age; you may notice this is not your ordinary newcomer. For one thing, this fresh-faced R&B singer is still in high school.

In September 2010, Adero’s new performance music video “KnightCrawler” was selected by mFlix, an On-Demand mobile (telephone) channel on Sprint/Nextel, and is now available on mFlix video playlist, which airs 24/7 On Demand. Adero’s music can also be heard at all Six Flags Theme Parks in the United States, Canada and Mexico as of August 2010.

Adero has an increasingly strong viral, print and television presence. Adero made his first music video in 2005, “Save Some World for Me’, which was selected by Swept Away TV, a nationally distributed teen music/pop culture TV show seen in 42 markets( including NYC, Philadelphia, Miami, Atlanta and Phoenix and is estimated to be available in 19 million households). UNSIGNED Music Magazine and KCSG television also featured Adero’s music video for their music television show that broadcast to over 150,000 homes via cable and 500,000 via the Dish Network. Adero has also been featured in Chicago’s TRUESTAR Magazine, GUMBO Teen Magazine, Chicago Defender, Chicago SunTimes, Chicago Tribune, Chicago Reader, WORD UP Magazine, and numerous issues of Hip Hop Teen Magazine, just to name a few.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/