PJ Harvey - White Chalk (UK Island @ 45 rpm) Vinyl rip in 24 Bit/ 96 Khz 
Posted By : Kel bazar | Date : 01 Dec 2010 19:36:01 |


PJ Harvey - White Chalk (2007)
Vinyl rip in 24-bit/96kHz | FLAC (Tracks) , artworks | Stereo | 720 Mb | 5% RAR Recovery
Styles: Alternative/Indie Rock |Download
UK Island @ 45 rpm


The quiet ones are always the scariest. Polly Jean Harvey's appearance on the cover of White Chalk -- all wild black hair and ghostly white dress -- could replace the dictionary definition of eerie, and the album itself plays like a good ghost story. It's haunted by British folk, steeped in Gothic romance and horror, and almost impossible to get out of your head, despite (but really because of) how unsettling it becomes. White Chalk is Harvey's darkest album yet -- which, considering that she's sung about dismembering a lover and drowning her daughter, is saying something. It's also one of her most beautiful albums, inspired by the fragility and timelessness of chalk lines and her relative newness to the piano, which dominates White Chalk; it gives 'Before Departure' funereal heft and 'Grow Grow Grow' a witchy sparkle befitting its incantations. Most striking of all, however, is Harvey's voice: she sings most of White Chalk in a high, keening voice somewhere between a whisper and a whimper. She sounds like a wraith or a lost child, terrifyingly so on 'The Mountain' where she breaks the tension with a spine-tingling shriek just before the album ends. This frail persona is almost unrecognizable as the woman who snarled about being a 50-foot queenie -- yet few artists challenge themselves to change their sound as much as she does, so paradoxically, it's a quintessentially PJ Harvey move. The album does indeed sound timeless, or at least, not modern. White Chalk took five months to record with Harvey's longtime collaborators Flood, John Parish, and Eric Drew Feldman, but these somber, cloistered songs sound like they could be performed in a parlor, or channeled via Ouija board. There is hardly any guitar (and certainly nothing as newfangled as electric guitar) besides the acoustic strumming on the beautifully chilly title track, which could pass for an especially gloomy traditional British folk song. Lyrics like The Devil's "Come here at once! All my being is now in pining' could be written by one of the Brontoe sisters. 


On a deeper level, White Chalk feels like a freshly unearthed relic because it runs so deep and dark. Harvey doesn't just capture isolation and anguish; she makes fear, regret, and loneliness into entities. In these beautiful and almost unbearably intimate songs, darkness is a friend, silence is an enemy, and a piano is a skeleton with broken teeth and twitching red tongues. When "Under Ether" offers a hallucinatory escape from some horrible reality -- quite possibly abortion, since unwanted children are some of the many broken family ties that haunt the album -- and this is White Chalk's single. What makes the album even more intriguing is that it doesn't really have much in common with the work of Harvey's contemporaries (although Joanna Newsom's Ys and Scott Walker's The Drift come to mind, mostly for their artistic fearlessness) or even her own catalog. It rivals Dance Hall at Louse Point for its willingness to challenge listeners, but it's far removed from Uh Huh Her, which was arguably more listenable but a lot less remarkable. In fact, this may be Harvey's most undiluted album yet. When she's at the peak of her powers, as she is on this frightening yet fearless album, the world she creates is impossible to forget, or shake off easily. White Chalk can make you shiver on a sunny day. --Allmusic.


Track listing

All songs written by PJ Harvey.

1. The Devil 2:58
2. Dear Darkness 3:10
3. Grow Grow Grow 3:23
4. When Under Ether 2:25
5. White Chalk 3:13
6. Broken Harp 1:59
7. Silence 3:11
8. To Talk to You 4:01
9. The Piano 2:37
10. Before Departure 3:49
11. The Mountain 3:11

Personnel

* PJ Harvey: vocals, piano, acoustic guitar, zither, bass guitar, keyboards, harmonica, broken harp, cig fiddle.
* John Parish: drums, vocals, bass guitar, banjo, acoustic guitar, percussion, wine glass.
* Eric Drew Feldman: piano, optigan, vocals, mellotron, keyboards, mini-moog.
* Jim White: drums, percussion.

with

* Nico Brown: concertina on Before Departure.
* Andrew Dickson, Bridget Pearse, Martin Brunsden, Nico Brown, Nick Bic: additional vocals on Before Departure.

Credits

* Produced & mixed by Flood, John Parish & PJ Harvey
* Engineered by Flood
o Assisted by Catherine Marks & Andrew Savors with additional engineering by PJ Harvey & Ali Chant
* PJ Harvey managed by Paul McGuinness with Sally-Anne McKeown at Principle Management
* All songs published by Hothead Music Ltd. / Universal Music Publishing Ltd.
* Photography by Maria Mochnacz
* Artwork by Rob Crane & Maria Mochnacz
* Dress designed by Maria Mochnacz, PJ Harvey & Annie Mochnacz
o Dress made by Annie Mochnacz




Ripping Equipment:
TT: Technics SP 15 with SME 3009 tonearm & customized plinth
Cartridge: Ortofon Concorde OM 30 MM
Phono amp: Pro-Ject Tube Box II with 2X JAN 12AX 7WA (General Electric)
Cables: Wire World Solstice 5.2
Computer: Sony Vaio VPCJ1
ADC: Tascam US-144 external USB 2.0 Audiointerface
Software: WaveLab 5.01, ClickRepair, Redbook Resampled And Dithered with iZotope RX