TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Vagrant Hearts v1.0 (c) 2011 Warfare Studios

Date: 04/16/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type
Registration/Serial Crack
Activation Crack
Trial Crack
Server Check Crack
Serial
Hidden/Added Features Enabler
X Other: Armadillo

Loader Patcher        Patch      X Precracked        RegFile
Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

In a world scared by wars and conflicts, where power is the
ultimate solution for lords and kings, the people have always
been left behind, their interest and beliefs is of no
significance in times of war. There is one organization, called
The Brotherhood, which was built by wise individuals with the
purpose of the aiding the people, to satisfy it's needs. After
many years of struggling, the people of Azulel can finally see a
tiny light at the end of the tunnel

Storyline

The sisters Scarllet and Beatrice have lived their entire life in
their hometown Ganto. After their mother passed away due to a
fatal illness, they both became even closer to each other. As the
years went by Beatrice started to discover her "gift", the
ability to heal anyone from anything with a simple touch, she
became the village's healer and such ability eventually caught
the interest of the Brotherhood. A guardian from the organization
was sent to Ganto Village, where Scarllet and Beatrice are
waiting to start a journey that will change their lives
forever

Characters

Scarllet - The older sister, and as such, after their mother
passed away Scarllet always believed that she was the
one who had to protect Beatrice, and that is what she
does. Obstinated and fearless, Scarllet has always
been a little skeptical about the Brotherhood

Beatrice - She always looked up to her sister, even though she
wrongly created the idea on her mind tha she will
never be as strong as her. Beatrice is deeply grateful
to Scarllet and would follow her in whatever she
decides. Her gift consists of healing people with a
simple touch

Wyatt - Childhood friend of Scarllet and Beatrice, Wyatt is a
sincere and honest man, from the very first time he saw
Scarllet he always recognized in her traits that he
wished to see on himself, which created in him a deep
feeling of admiration for her or perhaps, something
else

Razima - A brave and powerful warrior at the Brotherhood
service. He became a guardian while still a young boy,
his dedication and honor to the duty made him the best
Razima was recently assigned to guard Beatrice after his
longlife protegee no longer needed his services

Sylph - A former member of the Radicals, a group of anarchists
that opposes the aristocracy. Sylph was recruited by
Elijah himself, the leader of the Brotherhood, he saw
potential in her. She will do anything for him, Elijah is
like a father for Sylph and her loyalty to him is
supreme

Jansen - While being a very valuable ally for the Brotherhood due
to his capabilities, Jansen is oftenly mocked and judged
by his late father's actions, he is the son of Valmor,
the one that started the "Divine War

Uhra - She is a proud member of the Ful'qa Tribe, perhaps the
oldest civilization in Azulel, while not as strong as it
used to be, the tribe still stands fiercely for it's
principles and Uhra makes that the Ful'qa are always
getting what they want, even if it means getting her hands
dirty

Hellius - A powerful and respected Sorcerer, Hellius tries to
live his life quietly and peacefully in an attempt to
make up for all his lost time in the battlefields, at
least that is how he sees it. A former member of the
Brotherhood, the reasons of his departure remains
unknown

Lynch - Feared by both allies and enemies, Lynch is a knight of
the Brotherhood, very little is known about his past and
what really motivates him. Lynch finds pleasure in a good
battle which makes of the battlefield, his home

Features

- 10 Optional Bosses
- Special Crests
- Hidden Dungeons
- Hidden Characters
- Ultimate Weapons

System Requirements

Download Size: 85 MB
Operating System: Windows XP/2k/Vista/Win7
RAM: 256 MB

For More Info on Vagrant Hearts Visit 
http://warfarestudios.com

TE Release Filename: tvahe10x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install VG.exe.  Copy precracked exe from the Crack folder to the
installed folder of Vagrant Hearts, making sure to overwrite the
existing file.  You now have a fully activated version of Vagrant
Hearts

Thats it  Enjoy

T E  2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code