Minimum system requirements for Nero 11

┬¡┬¡Windows┬« XP SP3 (32bit), Windows Vista┬« SP1 or later (32 and 64bit), Windows┬« 7 Home Premium, Professional or Ultimate (32 and 64bit)
2 GHz AMD or Intel┬« processor
512 MB RAM (1 GB RAM for Windows Vista┬« or Windows┬« 7)
5 GB hard drive space for a typical installation of all components (including templates, content and temporary disk space)
Microsoft┬« DirectX┬« 9.0 compliant graphics card with 3D acceleration, 16-bit color, and a minimum of 128 MB video memory is required (32-bit, true color, 256 MB dedicated video RAM, and support for Shader Model 3.0 is recommended)
DVD disc drive for installation and playback
CD, DVD, or Blu-ray Disc recordable or rewritable drive for burning and video authoring
Windows Media┬« Player 9
Third party components such as Microsoft Windows┬« Installer 4.5, Microsoft .NET┬« 4, Microsoft┬« DirectX┬« or Adobe Flash are shipped with the product or automated download if not included in the package
For some services an Internet connection is required (DSL-1000 and higher recommended). Internet connection charges are the user's responsibility
 
Nero 11 is completely revamped to empower you
with the 360-degree experience for your photos, music and videos.

Integrated Nero MediaBrowser
One-stop access from your library to your project.
The all-new Nero MediaBrowser gives you a jump-start on projects. From most projects you can access your library of music, photos and videos with just one click. Drag-and-drop photos, videos or music files from Nero Kwik Media library into your project for a seamless and integrated experience

Create photo books
Delivered from your PC to your door.
Create lasting photo book, calendar and card memories with your family pictures in just seconds, and share with friends and family. No matter what the occasion, you can edit and create beautiful bound books, calendars and cards for gift-giving or for your own keepsakes. Best of all, you can showcase your beautiful pieces with professional printing, and have it delivered right to your door.
Convert DVD-Video and video files
Multiple video filesΓΓé¼ΓÇ¥no problem.
From videos on your mobile phone to DVD movies, every device seems to require a different playback format. Nero 11 provides advanced video transcoding that converts virtually any DVD-Video or video file to any video format for playback on any device so you can seamlessly watch your favorite videos anywhere or any place.

Import Windows Live Movie MakerΓΓÇ₧ó projects
Elevate your movie projects.
Import and edit Windows Live Movie Maker projects directly within Nero 11. Open Windows Live Movie Maker video files directly, then immediately begin enhancing the original project with more effects for professional results, all within a seamless editing experience. Use Nero's Advanced Editing features to give your videos the professional touch.

Easy and Advanced Video Editing Modes
Go from Easy to Advanced with a click.
Get amazing creative results no matter what level of video editing experience you have. Easily switch from express video editing storyboard to advanced multi-track editing with just one click, and seamlessly hand over the same project within the same window. Go from quick and easy template effects to multi-track editing, keyframe controls within the same video editing screen, amazing Picture-in-Picture effect overlay templates and more. Ramped up to give you the best output, your home video projects will impress your friends and family like never before.

Nero LIVEBackup
24-7 Peace-of-mind backup.
Take the hassles out of backing up with one-click Nero LIVEBackup for all your digital files and even your entire system. You can still choose manual backup, but only Nero LIVEBackup gives you continuous true peace of mind anytime, all the time.

Burn long lasting discs
Create discs that last and last.
Expect nothing less than the best with the experts who started burning. Exclusive Nero SecurDisc 3.0 with Surface Scan helps ensure disc readability regardless of scratches, age and deterioration so your content remains intact for a long time.

Ripping of DVDs
DVD-Videos ripped with just a click.
Move your movies from DVDs straight to your PC with one-click ripping. Put all your DVD and Blu-ray Disc movies** into one Media Library by ripping to your PC. Advanced settings let you rip exactly what you wantΓΓé¼ΓÇ¥strip out unwanted sections, foreign languages, extras and more.

1:Install nero 11.
2:Copy/paste key.
3Enjoy.

4:Please comments and seed plzz.)