The fabulous fifties were swinging, fast-paced years when, for the very first time, you didn’t have to be just a child or an adult.

In fact you could be something far more exciting – a teenager!

The 1950’s saw a sharp rise in the number of young people, the so called ‘baby-boomers’ who were growing up and hugely outnumbered their older generations. And they wanted music they could call their own.

It was an exciting and rebellious time and its music reflected just that. Whether it was skiffle, easy listening, swing, or early rock and roll, it all spoke directly to the younger generation.

A definite soundtrack emerged for a definite section of society – it was truly popular music.

Now a collection of 60 of these wonderful, influential songs are brought together on The Fabulous 50s, the first release in the My Kind Of Music series.

My Kind Of Music is its own unique brand through USM Media that plans single and multi-artist nostalgic compilations specifically evoking memories and feelings of years gone by. The series then builds into a complete collection of unforgettable recordings.

Titled simply The Fabulous 50s this first, three CD deluxe box set embarks on a marathon journey - from the big stage of Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin to the easy tones of Perry Como, Pat Boone and the Everly Brothers, from the guitar stomps of Chuck Berry, Eddie Cochran and Bill Haley to the pop beats

Out on USM Media on February 7th, The Fabulous 50s comprises almost two and a half hours down memory lane.

Beautifully presented and thoughtfully compiled The Fabulous 50s gives you just what it says on the tin – fabulous music from a truly unforgettable time.

1. Frank Sinatra - Three Coins In The Fountain
2. Julie London - Cry Me A River
3. The Platters - Only You
4. Bobby Darin - Dream Lover
5. Adam Faith - What Do You Want?
6. Connie Francis - Lipstick On Your Collar
7. Buddy Holly - Peggy Sue
8. The Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love
9. Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers - Why Do Fools Fall In Love?
10. Patsy Cline - Walkin' After Midnight
11. Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock
12. Neil Sedaka - Oh! Carol
13. Doris Day - Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be Will Be)
14. Danny & The Juniors - At The Hop
15. Craig Douglas - Only Sixteen
16. The Champs - Tequila
17. Johnnie Ray - Just Walkin’ In The Rain
18. Bobby Freeman - Do You Wanna Dance?
19. Big Bopper - Chantilly Lace
20. Laurie London - He’s Got The Whole World In His Hands


1. Emile Ford & The Checkmates - What Do You Want To Make Those Eyes At Me For?
2. Jackie Wilson - Reet Petite
3. Paul Anka - Diana
4. The Poni Tails - Born Too Late
5. Marilyn Monroe – (This is) A Fine Romance
6. Johnny Cash - I Walk The Line
7. The Chordettes - Lollipop
8. Pat Boone - Love Letters In The Sand
9. The Crew Cuts - Sh-boom
10. Tommy Steele & The Steelmen - Singing The Blues
11. Little Anthony & The Imperials - Tears On My Pillow
12. Alma Cogan - Dreamboat
13. Dion & The Belmonts - A Teenager In Love
14. Vic Damone - On The Street Where You Live
15. Ritchie Valens - La Bamba
16. Eddie Cochran - C'mon Everybody
17. The Diamonds - Little Darlin'
18. Carl Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes
19. Nat King Cole - Mona Lisa
20. Perry Como - Magic Moments


1. The Everly Brothers - All I Have To Do Is Dream
2. The Teddy Bears - To Know Him Is To Love Him
3. The Drifters - There Goes My Baby
4. Peggy lee - Fever
5. The Chordettes - Mr. Sandman
6. Dean Martin - Memories Are Made Of This
7. Conway Twitty - It’s Only Make Believe
8. Jerry Keller - Here Comes Summer
9. Chuck Berry - Sweet Little Sixteen
10. Frankie Vaughan - Kisses Sweeter Than Wine
11. The Isley Brothers - Shout
12. Lonnie Donegan - Tom Dooley
13. The Coasters - Yakety Yak
14. Eddie Fisher - I'm Walking Behind You
15. The Crew Cuts - Earth Angel
16. Marty Wilde - Sea Of Love
17. Ricky Nelson - It’s Late
18. Rosemary Clooney - Mambo Italiano
19. The Avons - Seven Little Girls Sitting In The Back Seat
20. The Monotones - Book Of Love