I think everybody who lives in America and owns a radio or television has heard an Aerosmith song, it's near impossible not to have. Like many, I knew of a handful of catchy, rockin' songs from classic rock radio and mp3 downloads. I was also somewhat confused as why not one retrospective had songs from their early and latter days on it, then I found out it was due to them changing labels in the mid-80s. This is the only Aerosmith compilation to feature songs from their Columbia and Geffen days on it and it makes a great buy for people who are interested in exploring their back catalogue, or just want those famous radio hits. 
A seasoned Aerosmith fan might want this for the bonus tracks, the Run D.M.C. version of 'Walk This Way' and the two new songs, the single, 'Girls Of Summer' and the ballad 'Lay It Down. This also features the single from the Armageddon movie, 'I Don't Want To Miss A Thing.' A diehard might already have the soundtrack for that song or even the Run D.M.C. cd too but they're always nice to have grouped with other Aerosmith material. The remastered sound is loud and clear, a definite plus for audiophiles. The only glaring errors I see off-hand are the omissions of the popular 'Eat The Rich,' 'Toys In The Attic,' and their cover of 'Come Together,' songs even a beginner like me has heard on the radio. The latter two appear on the European import of this same compilation, but unfortunately you have to pay that European import price. Why the domestic release left those two songs off is beyond me. Aside from those minor negatives, this is the definitive Aerosmith compilation for beginners interested in America's ultimate rock 'n roll band. 

by Eric Edelin

TRACKLIST: 
Disc 1:

01 - Mama Kin.wma                                                
02 - Dream On.wma                                                
03 - Same Old Song And Dance.wma                                 
04 - Seasons Of Wither.wma                                       
05 - Walk The Way.wma                                            
06 - Big Ten-Inch Record.wma                                     
07 - Sweet Emotion.wma                                           
08 - Last Child.wma                                              
09 - Back In The Saddle.wma                                      
10 - Draw The Line.wma                                           
11 - Dude (Looks Like A Lady).wma                                
12 - Angel.wma                                                   
13 - Rag Doll.wma                                                
14 - Janie's Got A Gun.wma                                       
15 - Love In An Elevator.wma                                     
16 - What It Takes.wma     

Disc 2:

01 - The Other Side.wma                                          
02 - Livin' On The Edge.wma                                      
03 - Cryin'.wma                                                  
04 - Amazing.wma                                                 
05 - Deuces Are Wild.wma                                         
06 - Crazy.wma                                                   
07 - Falling In Love (Is Hard On The Knees).wma                  
08 - Pink (The South Beach Mix).wma                              
09 - I Don't Want To Miss A Thing.wma                            
10 - Jaded.wma                                                   
11 - Just Push Play (Radio Remix).wma                            
12 - Walk This Way (Performed By Run Dmc).wma                    
13 - Girls Of Summer.wma                                         
14 - Lay It Down.wma                                             
15 - Come Together.wma                                           
16 - Theme From Spiderman.wma                                    
17 - Toys In The Attic.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO