Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:     
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:     
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:     
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?22g6ctbqsm0szaowg9b6jzoxj6n  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?k1hsvz3vqe8w9iubpi42ti3ud73  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?jw59scj4o2uwl4c0dj33vxnkvl2  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2s54ooitoc9pem35hg08ss1j5d51 breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rve3ye93au4q8vpqxxakmfyypt   vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?18j6udflfdm3sk4lrerr1rh27ke  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ej16df9at9jvjcy9jty0tu73etic squatting 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sgpkvewxgibx9h9z26gug8v4ujm  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cak579ay8pdogjh8d35yfh7cp18j vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?81qf3qm79aoesq0pmvs7t9quymk  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?dyv0241em53nzz8y2k8f30hx75g1 vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Now if your wondering about how i got into the industry, thats a sorta, hmm how should i put it, complicated story. So short story was i needed money cause i dont come from an even middle class family so when it came to tooth paste, underwear, whatever it was my job to support myself and buy it. So i was working at a shoe store getting about 10 hours a week, barely supporting myself when i got in some kind of trouble. So i basically owed about $2000 to the government -.- and had no money, yikes. So i went to the local strip club for an amateur contest and didnt win, but i met a "lovely" girl who won and made "friends" with and exchanged numbers. Few weeks later i call her to see how shes doing and to talk about another amateur contest, well she said forget that lets talk about porn. So i didnt have a boyfriend, didnt have a man so i figured what the hell why not! The money was great and ive always been the very sexually open one in the group. So porn here i come! and honestly all i can say since is i was at the right time at the right place cause here i am now sharing my story with you and it may be a bit wild but we all have wild lives.  So getting back to my sexual open-ness ;). In my group of friends i was always the wild one, i either had two guy friends, one on each arm that i was hooking up with. They thought i was their lil treat but they had no idea at how much i had them on call, when i wanted to fuck they were both there. Ive also had this oral fixation since i was a child i was a thumb sucker. Then about 14 i think is when it went from thumb, to dick. I never really knew what i was doing when it came to sucking dick, but ive just always liked to do it. Id get really into it and just really, what guys would say, put my heart into it. Ive gotten from most men that i am in there top if not best dick sucker ever, idk its just that i like to please a man and being able to be the reason of him going crazy just turns me the F on! lol anywho i do like oral satisfaction, girls boys and on myself.  I find it crazy when i meet girls who say they think its gross for a boy to lick their pussy. Im like damn girl is your shit that nasty or something! like what the hell! I loveee when a man or lady goes there, of course you shower and make sure you nice and ready and you dont want to leave a bad impression of your self hygiene on your lover but to say you just do not want to participate in any kind of oral sex, i find that just weird. I mean maybe i dont have anal, but that doesnt mean im any less sexually open then any other. Ive fucked in front of friends at parties, just having fun! You only live life once so why not just live it up, dont dwell on it and cry over this boy or even start regretting what youve done.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Flying in from Florida, Riley came in for a weekend to shoot before continuing her adult work in LA.  From the moment I greeted her at the airport, she was spunky, fun, and full of energy.  Considering that she's had a rather long flight, it was refreshing to see.  On the next morning we headed out to a hiking trail, even though its the summertime here and it peaked at 107 degrees.  I was dripping sweat everywhere, and had to keep my camera equipment from getting soaked, or worse, turn into superheated metal pieces.  Why start there?  She has a thing for the mountains, saying that she's never seen so many with the cacti and such.  So she had fun, despite the heat.  Back indoors, she masturbates and has visible vaginal contractions and squirting at orgasm.  With her personality, it seemed best to let her record herself trying on cute bras & panties, and it was fun to watch.  She started dancing, and even though I wasn't ready to record her, I started right away to capture the fun she was having.  Then we picked the longest and largest cucumber we could find, and had her play with it, taking it as deep as she could go.  Notice the juice buildup, and I'd have to say I liked the ride the best.   Then the next day...

Model Comments: I will never regret any of my sexual escapades cause they are wild and fun and just pure spontaneous horny-ness being released and shared with another wild sex addict. Ive never been diagnosed but id sure say i fit the symptoms of sex addict, but hey thats why ive started porn. If your curious about my dating life, it doesnt exsist. It may sound sad to you or idk what but with me i love it. Im 20 years old and im young living my life focusing on me. I dont think im at a spot in my life where i can have the weight of another person being carried on me. I have alot of my own things im trying to do, im trying to build my life, my career, my whole self into exactly what i need and want to be and its just really hard to do that with someone right there next to you. What if they cant keep up, or what if they arent even on the same path, so to avoid an collision i just stick to myself and my friends. Of course i love to make new friends i love to meet new people, i mean who knows maybe the guy i met 4 nights ago and made friends with will be a guy i wanna date 2 years from now, but until then lets grow learn about each other and just live our lives. Cause if you think about your the only one living your life, so go out and live it! Through porn i really get to live mine, i mean here i am in Arizona! I never ever thought id be here! And its amazing here, the desert life, the bunnies everywhere! The mountains, its just beautiful. Ive also got to travel to Ohio, which was amazingly beautiful. I was going crazy at how victorian and old and beautiful the architecture was, i was in pure awe. Plus how green it is! When i went back home to florida, i was like i hate palm trees. lol of course i dont, but i mean nice full bushy trees are just awesome! You know im just one of those real down to earth people who just appreciate the little things in life. I never traveled before porn and now ive got to go on a plane and yet every time im still staring out the window with a big smile on my face, maybe even some tears, cause im mesmerized at how beautiful the sky and clouds are. My last flight i flew over a rainbow! I was like that has to count as some kind luck right. Any who i have a flight to catch and have another chance to stare out the window ;) or make friendly conversation, cause i am just one nice down to earth kinda girl. If you ever meet me im sure youll be able to tell off my aura that you and me, we can be life long friends &lt;3

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Just a note:  She actually did not bring makeup with her, nor did she put any on at all.  So you're seeing her with absolutely no makeup.  She is so cute and naturally beautiful however, that she looks just fine that way -- and in a way I'm happy she didn't put any on.  FTV is about natural girls and natural environments, and she's perfect for it.  The dress & heels she's wearing is very cute, and was also her high school graduation outfit.  We go to a more secluded (but still risky) area of the mall/resort and have her masturbate, her ending up dripping a bit on the floor.  Then an interview out there, with peeks up her skirt, and some foot fetish and water play.  Pushing that 'risk' further, I had her get completely naked, though it didn't last long as we finally got the attention of security people in their carts.  To avoid confrontation, we headed out the back way.   Back home, comfy and in air conditioning, she gives us more foot fetish, as well as extreme closeups while talking about the loss of her virginity.   She has the cutest butt, and it looks supercute in those panties of hers.  Then she tries fisting, getting very close to a full fist, but look how tiny her vagina is!   Another one of her picks for dress & heels, we go out to an entryway of a bank, and have some voyeur style shooting of her upskirt and flashing while on the phone.  In the parking area below, she goes completely naked, once again a pleasure to see her walk naked in just her heels.   Then a favorite fetish of mine, while cooling herself down, she stuffs a water hose deep, squirting water and making her vagina act like a water fountain!   On our way back, we stop at another touristy hiking area, so she could take some photos -- so I had her flash us some more.  Then for an awesome finale:  The Vibraking.  Like most girls, she's apprehensive at first, but soon comes to enjoy it... leading to a very strong orgasm and strong vaginal contractions/squirting.   She's another ideal FTV girl, giving us a true FTV adventure!