Android Recipes: A Problem-Solution Approach By Dave Smith, Jeff Friesen
 Publisher: Apr.,.ess 2011 | 456 Pages | ISBN: 143023413X | PDF | 5.40 MB



 Android continues to be one of the leading mobile OS and development platforms driving today's mobile innovations and the apps ecosystem. Android appears complex, but offers a variety of organized development kits to those coming into Android with differing programming language skill sets.

 Android Recipes: A Problem-Solution Approach guides you step-by-step through a wide range of useful topics using complete and real-world working code examples.

 In this book, you'll start off with a recap of Android architecture and app fundamentals, and then get down to business and build an app with Google’s Android SDK at the command line and Eclipse. Next, you'll learn how to accomplish practical tasks pertaining to the user interface, communications with the cloud, device hardware, data persistence, communications between applications, and interacting with Android itself. Finally, you'll learn how to leverage various libraries and Scripting Layer for Android (SL4A) to help you perform tasks more quickly, how to use the Android NDK to boost app performance, and how to design apps for performance, responsiveness, seamlessness, and more.

 Instead of abstract descriptions of complex concepts, in Android Recipes, you'll find live code examples. When you start a new project, you can consider copying and pasting the code and configuration files from this book, then modifying them for your own customization needs. This can save you a great deal of work over creating a project from scratch! 

What you’ll learn
Discover Android architecture and various Android-specific APIs 
How to develop a unit conversion app in the context of command-line/Android SDK and Eclipse/Android SDK environments 
How to accomplish various tasks related to the user interface and more 
How to use external libraries to save time and effort 
How to quickly develop an app using the Scripting Layer 4 Android (SL4A) tool 
How to boost app performance by using the Android NDK 
Guidelines for designing filtered apps, performant apps, responsive apps, and seamless apps 
Who this book is for
 Newcomers to Android, as well as more accomplished Android developers.