Marica Hiraga - Close to Bacharach with Manhattan Jazz Quintet
Original Release Date: Jan 13, 2008
Label: 3D Japan
Quality: flac + cue

Recorded on December, 2006 at NewYork; and January, 2006 at Tokyo

All Composed by Burt Bacharach
All Arranged by David Matthews

Marica Hiraga is a leading vocalist in Tokyo jazz scene and in demand vocalist.  Her professional career began when she won at “Asia Music Award” in Hong Kong.  She released two albums from Victor JCB.  After the release she studied abroad to New York City then released standard jazz vocal album “My Shining Hour” in 2001, which was welcomed as "well made standard jazz album" to both critiques and jazz listeners.  She just walked up.  Next album "Faith"(2006) was "stepped ahead" album made with Harold Mabern and Eric Alexander.  "My Favorite Things" arranged in Latin Jazz gets high reputation at any live performance.

In 2007 her next craft “Close to Bacharach” was with legendary jazz combo "Manhattan Jazz Quintet".  David Matthews arrangement turned all Bacharach song revived Bacharach to the 21th century.  This album was received "Swing Journal’s award for “Best Jazz Vocalist” 2007).   In 2008 her next craft "more Romance" was with Rob Mounsey and Gerald Clayton.  Then her next theme was Bossa Nova and Brazilian music.  Encompassed flavor of sound and unique arrangement by Gil Goldstein, this album grabbed all those who love music itself and was again awarded at "Swing Journal’s award for “Best Jazz Vocalist” 2008  for her refined singing style and incredible sound creation.  In 2009 She released "Sing Once More ~Dear Carpenters~".  It was dedicated to great pop duo “The Carpenters” had debut 40 years anniversary this year.  Marica recorded their big hit tunes and was received "Swing Journal’s award for “Best Jazz Vocalist” 2009.
 
Personnel:
Marica Hiraga (vc)
Manhattan Jazz Quintet
David Matthews (arr.pf)
Lew Soloff (tp)
Andy Snittzer (ts)
Charnet Moffett (b)
Victor Lewis (ds)

Marica Hiraga - Close to Bacharach Tracks:
01  Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head 
02  Do You Know The Way To San Jose 
03  Alfie 
04  The Look Of Love
05  What The World Needs Now Is Love
06  (They Long To Be) Close To You
07  Wives And Lovers
08  A House Is Not A Home Flash
09  Arthur's Theme (The Best You Can Do) 
10  God Give Me Strength
11  I'll Never Fall in Love Again 
12  This Guy's In Love With You 
13  That's What Friends Are For 