Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
[

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth  

Entire Collection can be found here: 



POtHS - Bible Movies - 03 - When's God Spirit Moves
This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


POtHS - Bible Movies - 03 - When's God Spirit Moves

Description:

When's God Spirit Moves

Pastor Jim Cymbala explores the person and work of the Holy Spirit in this six-session DVD study that will bring a fresh sense of God’s power to your church and your life as a follower of Jesus.

Description:
What happens when the Holy Spirit moves in a church?

Session 1 - The Spirit at Work:


Learn about the person of the Holy Spirit and why it is important for us to make room for the work of the Spirit in our lives and in our churches.

Why do we tend to ignore or downplay the work of the Spirit?

In what areas of life should we look for and expect the Spirit?



Session 2 - The Spirit…Creates:

One of the unique works of the Spirit is to give life and empowerment to God’s creation.

Learn how the creative power of God’s Spirit empowers us to be creative, and to honor God with our gifts and talents.



Session 3 - The Spirit…Reveals:

The Holy Spirit gives direction and revelation to the church.

How does the Spirit speak to us today?

This session teaches you how to listen in prayer, and how to apply the Word of God in the process of discernment.



Session 4 - The Spirit…Heals:

Oil is a frequent symbol of the Holy Spirit and was used by the disciples of Jesus and the early church as they prayed for healing.

The Spirit is active in the work of healing our bodies, our emotions, and our relationships.



Session 5: The Spirit…Transforms:

As the Holy Spirit works in our lives, we begin to bear the fruits of the Spirit’s work in our character and actions.

Personal transformation leads to transformation of our communities and our world through the changed lives of believers.



Session 6 - Raising a Dead Church:

How can we make room for the work of the Holy Spirit in our churches today?

How do we prepare our churches for revival?


Our greatest need is for the church to become a place where the message of the gospel is heard and people experience the life-giving power of a grace-filled community.

Weight: 1 lb | 453 gms

Available: February 2011



type POtHS in your search window for more info, or just Google POtHS


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.


RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.





           ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:  Thank You JESUS     