Trial and Retribution COMPLETE season 1-12
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1511543
 
http://www.tv.com/trial-and-retribution/show/18079/summary.html



37 episodes in total

Season 1
Season 1, Episode 1: Episode #1.1
Original Air Date—19 October 1997
A drama of a child murder from the discovery of the crime to police investigation, then through the ensuing trial.

Season 1, Episode 2: Episode #1.2
Original Air Date—20 October 1997
Dunn's trial does not, initially, go well for the police due to tainted evidence - the washing line that supposedly strangled Julie as planted. Also an alibi turns up and a Not Guilty verdict seems likely. However the alibi cannot account for Dunn's whereabouts at the time of the murder and there is mention of a blue sherry bottle supposedly used in the murder. The hunt is on to find that bottle and hopefully use it as evidence.

Season 2
Season 2, Episode 1: Episode #2.1
Original Air Date—18 October 1998
A serial killer has been viciously attacking women before murdering them. However one victim survives and names the arrogant Damon Morton as her assailant. The case is not helped by the fact that Morton clearly has a hold over people, such as the three employees who come forward to claim responsibility for the crimes and his put-upon wife, who gives him an alibi.

Season 2, Episode 2: Episode #2.2
Original Air Date—19 October 1998
Survivor Marilyn Stark's identification of Morton as her attacker is given credence when the severed breasts of the dead victims are discovered on Morton's business premises and he is sent for trial. He is defended by the formidable Corinna Maddox, known as 'Batwoman' for her tenacity, whilst the prosecutor is supercilious but wily Rupert Halliday, whose best line of attack is to work on Morton's cowed wife Cindy,who put up with his bringing his young mistress home and is doubtless giving him a false alibi.

Season 3
Season 3, Episode 1: Episode #3.1
Original Air Date—7 October 1999
Teenager Cassie Booth disappears whilst on her paper round and her clothes are found in a boat house belonging to Karl Wilding, a business with an alcoholic wife Rebecca. Wilding is the prime suspect but then seemingly helpful Stephen Warrington, a wine merchant who has initially brought a complaint about a house being used as a brothel, demonstrates too much interest in both the case and in Pat North, now living with Walker as his partner. Warrington is a man with bipolar disease who suffers from frightening mood swings - as Pat will discover.

Season 3, Episode 2: Episode #3.2
Original Air Date—14 October 1999
With all niceties gone now and Walker too self-absorbed to realise the peril that his girlfriend is in, Pat North is abducted by Warrington and forced to discover Cassie North's corpse. He is eventually brought to trial in what should be a very simple matter but it is apparent that Karl Wilding also had a part to play in Cassie's murder.

Season 4
Season 4, Episode 1: Episode #4.1
Original Air Date—4 October 2000
DI Pat North is assigned to look into case that may clear a man convicted of murder eight years ago.
Season 4, Episode 2: Episode #4.2
Original Air Date—5 October 2000
Gary Meadows' daughter Fiona, who was only seven years old at the time of her father's death, comes forward,prepared to testify that she was present when Gary killed himself and she supports McCready's account of events. The case has become the subject of a crusading television documentary-drama, again in support of McCready. Vilified and suspended and at odds with Pat, Mike Walker goes to Glasgow to pursue his own private enquiries.

Season 5
Season 5, Episode 1: Episode #5.1
Original Air Date—19 June 2002
The team investigates the discovery of a young woman's skeleton in a yard of what used to be a boarding house.
Season 5, Episode 2: Episode #5.2
Original Air Date—20 June 2002

Season 6
Season 6, Episode 1: Episode #6.1
Original Air Date—6 October 2002
Season 6, Episode 2: Episode #6.2
Original Air Date—7 October 2002

Season 7
Season 7, Episode 1: Suspicion: Part 1
Original Air Date—1 September 2003
A woman disappears from her home as a severed hand is found floating in a nearby river. Could there be a connection?
Season 7, Episode 2: Suspicion: Part 2
Original Air Date—2 September 2003

Season 8
Season 8, Episode 1: Blue Eiderdown: Part 1
Original Air Date—11 October 2004
DCI Roisin Connor finds herself investigating the death of Angela Dutton who either jumped, or was pushed, off her balcony falling several stories to her death. Connor isn't pleased to learn that Det. Chief Supt. Walker has been asked to keep an eye on the case. The autopsy reveals that Angela was struck on the back of the head before her fall. Angela was a prostitute who worked at her boyfriend's private members sex club. When Connor learns that Angela's mother Susan Delray was killed in 1990 and the case remains unsolved, she explores the possibility that the two deaths are somehow connected. When she discovers that a cabinet minister, a judge and a senior police officer were involved with Susan Delray, the case takes on a new dimension.
Season 8, Episode 2: Blue Eiderdown: Part 2
Original Air Date—12 October 2004

Season 9
Season 9, Episode 1: The Lovers: Part 1
Original Air Date—7 November 2005
A newly-wed couple are broken up when the husband goes missing. Has he done a runner or is there more to it?

Season 9, Episode 2: The Lovers: Part 2
Original Air Date—8 November 2005
When the police find other cases of people who vanished into thin air, they begin to think they may have a serial killer on their hands. They arrest Tom Franke, seen on CCTV footage as a regular at the Covent Garden market where Harrington disappeared. He doesn't fit the pattern of a serial killer but Walker isn't prepared to rule him out. When the police broadcast his image and asking for anyone who might know him to get in touch, Franke sets out to take advantage of a still frantic Susan Harrington. He lures her to a meeting with a promise to bring her to her husband, but he's not as clever as he thinks and is soon arrested and charged with murder. The principal questions at his trial are about the perpetrator's mental health and whether he is 'mad' or 'bad'.

Season 10
Season 10, Episode 1: Sins of the Father: Part 1
Original Air Date—6 March 2006
DCI Roisin O'Connor and DS David Satchell investigate the apparent murder of Emily Harrogate who is found by her parents at the bottom of the cellar stairs. When the parents and their two younger children returned home the previous evening, they assumed she was in, but did not check. The girl's mother Diedre is a compulsive cleaner and cleaned the house before going to bed. When they found the girl the next morning, the distraught parents moved her to the study. Between the cleaning and moving the body, much of the evidence has been contaminated. The police suspect however that someone she knew killed her and eventually focus on a teen-aged neighbor, Michael Summerby. Det. Chief Supt. Michael Walker meanwhile works to ensure that a dangerous sociopath isn't released on parole. He's also having trouble with his 15-year old son who has become withdrawn and seems to have lost all interest in school. When the boy is arrested, Walker decides to take some time off to help him.

Season 10, Episode 2: Sins of the Father: Part 2
Original Air Date—15 January 2007

Season 10, Episode 3: Closure: Part 1
Original Air Date—21 January 2007
Teenager Madeline Fuller is raped and then killed and a couple of months later Walker still has no leads. He realises that the manner of Madeline's death follows the same pattern of similar unsolved crimes stretching back over some years. To assist the police with their investigation Max Stanford, an American criminal profiler, is brought onto the team.

Season 10, Episode 4: Closure: Part 2
Original Air Date—22 January 2007
Roisin's interest in Stanford goes beyond the professional when she gets drunk and amorous and Walker has to warn her about her behaviour. He is also displeased when she expresses doubts as to the reliability of a former colleague who investigated the earlier murders. When a female officer is the victim of a vicious attack, Roisin has to face up to the truth. Is Max Stanford actually who he claims to be?

Season 10, Episode 5: Paradise Lost: Part 1
Original Air Date—28 January 2007
A blood-stained Clinton Jones is found after his girl-friend is murdered. He claims that he was in amnesiac shock and cannot recall the murder. He is arrested but evidence seems to suggest his innocence. As he is black - and the dead girl was white - his family accuse Roisin of racist behaviour. Clinton begins to recall that another man was in the victim's flat before her death and, following two more slayings, it appears that a serial killer is targetting white women with black boyfriends.

Season 10, Episode 6: Paradise Lost: Part 2
Original Air Date—29 January 2007
Believing for the moment that Milton Jones is innocent Walker decides to use him as a helper in the enquiry. DNA and forensic evidence brings in a likely suspect but unfortunately Milton fails to identify him clearly in the police line-up. Roisin meanwhile discovers that the victims were linked by a night club though staff are hostile when she investigates it against Walker's better judgment. She is also having an affair with Neil Dench, a barrister in the case, and when it looks as if Milton is in the frame again, the relationship is seen as injurious to the trial's verdict.

Season 10, Episode 7: Curriculum Vitae: Part 1
Original Air Date—4 February 2007
Single mother Suzy McDonald walks into a nightmare when she returns home from work to find her baby daughter Poppy has been slain and her nanny,Leanne, has gone missing. The police eventually locate and arrest Leanne. They find out that her real name is Rachel Burns and that she has acted as a nanny for other families in the past, in each case using assumed names. Why, if she has nothing to hide?

Season 10, Episode 8: Curriculum Vitae: Part 2
Original Air Date—5 February 2007
The police discover that Rachel was once the nanny for a couple whose baby son,Joe, also died and Walker wants to exhume the child's body. Whilst the mother,Gina, is eventually cooperative, her husband Lee is dead against the idea and is actually defensive of Rachel, hardly surprising as he had had an affair with her. To complicate matters, Poppy's mother Suzy, is revealed to be in fragile mental health and could also be guilty of killing her child.

Season 10, Episode 9: Mirror Image: Part 1
Original Air Date—12 February 2007
Metroploitan Police Commander Jack Daly and his wife Honor, a magistrate ,are murdered in their home and valuables are stolen in what initially seems to have been a burglary that went wrong. However there are several people who stand to benefit by the couple's death including her brother Paul, a man with gambling debts, Janet the house-keeper, also a beneficiary in their will, and most especially their twin sons Michael and Rory who will inherit a vast fortune. Given the high profiles of the victims Walker is under pressure from his superiors to get a quick result.

Season 10, Episode 10: Mirror Image: Part 2
Original Air Date—13 February 2007
Despite an apparently water-tight alibi, there is something about the twins' behaviour that makes Walker uneasy, particularly as the dominant Michael seems to be controlling his asthmatic brother, and the boys are arrested and sent for trial. Family secrets start to be revealed when Michael claims a history of abuse from his father and it also comes out that Commander Daly was being unfaithful to his wife with Janet, the house-keeper, thus widening the net again.

Season 11
Season 11, Episode 1: The Rules of the Game: Part 1
Original Air Date—17 January 2008
The corpse of a high class call-girl, Sonya, is discovered in a trunk at Heathrow Airport. The prime suspect is a highly influential Ukrainian billionaire, Vitali Malikov, and - against diplomatic advice - Mike Walker arrests him, aware that Malikov has friends in high places, for which reason he is keen to bring him down.
Season 11, Episode 2: The Rules of the Game: Part 2
Original Air Date—24 January 2008
Another working girl, Maryna, is put on trial for assaulting Malikov. She claims self-defence but the trial is mishandled and walker is even more adamant then before that he will get the Ukrainian. Roisin, however, believes that his obsession with Malikov is blinding him to the identity of the real killer of Sonya and takes the investigation down a different route.

Season 11, Episode 3: Kill the King: Part 1
Original Air Date—31 January 2008
Surgeon Jonathan Carlisle, a friend of Mike Walker, is murdered and suspicion falls on Gary Webster who blamed Carlisle for the death of his daughter Amber during an operation. However, two other doctors come into the frame - Neelah Shahjani, who confesses that she found the dead man with a needle in his arm,and the helpful Dr. Lawson, who is prepared to show a video to prove that the hospital was not culpable for Amber's death.

Season 11, Episode 4: Kill the King: Part 2
Original Air Date—7 February 2008
Dr. Lawson's assertion that the hospital was not responsible for Amber's death is thrown into doubt with the death of the prime suspect. Mike Walker has to put aside the fact that the deceased Jonathan Carlisle was a friend of his as he uncovers a sordid side to the man's character in his efforts to apprehend the murderer.

Season 11, Episode 5: Conviction: Part 1
Original Air Date—14 February 2008
Recovering alcoholic Ken Randle seeks revenge on Terry Dyer, just out of jail, whom he believes killed his son Mark twelve years earlier, though Dyer has always protested his innocence, claiming the killer was Nick Fisher, who Mark caught having sex with his sister Sarah,then only thirteen. Then Nick Fisher is killed. His widow identifies Dyer as hanging around Nick's workplace but CCTV proves that he was some miles away at the time of the murder.

Season 11, Episode 6: Conviction: Part 2
Original Air Date—21 February 2008
Dyer is released and Ken Randle confesses to Fisher's murder and goes on trial. However, Sarah comes to see Walker. She is anxious to tell him what really happened on the night that her brother was killed. As a consequence the charge of murder against Randle seems less likely but the remainder of his family will never be the same again.

Season 11, Episode 7: The Box: Part 1
Original Air Date—28 February 2008
Mike Walker is on leave when an old friend, Bill, asks for his help. His sister Margaret disappeared some years earlier and he has recently been contacted by a woman whose daughter, Anna, has also gone missing. The common link is that both were married to a man named Kevin Reid. D.I. Mullins, who was in charge of Margaret's case, is bullish but lets Walker in on his findings. Eventually Margaret's body, minus the legs, is found in a large box.Evidence points to the culprit being Kevin's brother Ronnie, a simple lad with a speech impediment.

Season 11, Episode 8: The Box: Part 2
Original Air Date—13 March 2008
Whilst Anna's diary entries initially suggest that Ronnie was stalking her, they are eventually dismissed as forgeries. Ronnie also had an alibi for the time that Margaret went missing and it looks as if he is being framed, possibly by his brother, with whom there is an explosive showdown at a race course.

Season 11, Episode 9: Tracks: Part 1
Original Air Date—20 March 2008
Self-made man Ray Herper and his bright teenage son Andy are seen to be driving at a chalk pit. The next day the corpse of young Maria Cole is found there and the police trace the tracks to the Harpers. Andy has a friend Darren, who is lower class and has had dealings with the police. The boys admit to being at the quarry but deny all knowledge of Maria. In fact she was a lap dancer at a club to which Harper took Andy but he fled from her. CCTV footage at a garage where Maria went after being threatened by hoodies shows her getting into a car with Andy and Darren and they are charged with her murder.

Season 11, Episode 10: Tracks: Part 2
Original Air Date—27 March 2008
Ray Harper is devastated to find that Andy has hung himself. Darren admits that he and Andy were a gay couple but dared not tell their families. The case against him collapses and he is released. Mike Walker is having troubles of his own with his teenage son but when Roisin decides to visit Darren at his flat she is in for a shock.

Season 12
Season 12, Episode 1: Siren: Part 1
Original Air Date—9 January 2009
Gunmen in a car force an ambulance off the road, killing a paramedic. The ambulance overturns and the gangsters shoot and kill patient Sebastian Cole. It becomes clear that Cole and his friend Ross were working as drug smugglers but D.C.I. McGill is annoyed when Mike and Roisin crash in to interview Ross as McGill had had him under surveillance. Cole's girlfriend, Imogen, is an 'It' girl frequently seen in the pages of tabloids. She is distraught at the death and her mother tells the police that she was innocent of all knowledge of the drug running. The team are not so sure but need proof.

Season 12, Episode 2: Siren: Part 2
Original Air Date—16 January 2009
After a shaky start to their cooperative venture Roisin and Jack McGill get on very well, rather beyond the call of duty in fact. Imogen has disappeared, having been taken by the drug smuggling gang and her mother Tanya makes an appeal for her return. However, when Imogen next turns up it is apparent that she knew far more than she claimed about the attack on the ambulance and may even have played a part in its happening.

Season 12, Episode 3: Ghost Train: Part 1
Original Air Date—23 January 2009
A young girl falls out of the Big Wheel at a funfair and is killed. Initially it is thought her death was accidental but Tess, the fair's fortune teller, who turns out to be a relative of Satchell, comes to see him with her suspicions that a development company, who want the land occupied by the fair, may be responsible. The fair's owner Tommy Gilbert, gets her to back -track on her statement but then he too is murdered.

Season 12, Episode 4: Ghost Train: Part 2
Original Air Date—30 January 2009
Despite the presence of Tess, the police find the funfair workers unwilling to cooperate. An arrest is eventually made, a Romanian worker called Pavel, who had actually gone out with the girl who fell from the Big Wheel, but he is not the murderer. The big question still remains as to the part the development company may have played in the deaths at the fair.

Season 12, Episode 5: Shooter: Part 1
Original Air Date—6 February 2009
The vicious Bilkin family commit an armed robbery on a jeweller's shop, killing the shop manager. Miller, a rival to the Bilkins, informs on but they walk and later Miller is murdered. D.S. Satchell witnesses the killing and realizes that he and his pregnant wife and their daughter are now targets. His fears are realized when his family go missing.

Season 12, Episode 6: Shooter: Part 2
Original Air Date—13 February 2009
An anguished Satchell is all for confronting the Bilkins and has to be dissuaded from doing so by Roisin. However his wife are child are eventually released unharmed. Mike walker cannot help but wonder how the Bilkins knew that Satch saw Miller being killed and suspects that one of his team may be on the gangsters' payroll.

Enjoy!