Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite v2.01 and v2.1.2
 
http://www.eahoosoft.com/images/dvdconvertersuite.jpg

Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite is the perfect combination of Eahoosoft DVD Ripper, Eahoosoft Video Converter. With these powerful DVD Converter Suite, you can easily convert DVD and video to all the popular formats: MP4, H.264, AVI, MP3, WMV, WMA, FLV, MKV, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, 3GP, 3GPP, VOB, DivX, Mov, RM, RMVB, M4A, AAC, WAV, etc, extract audio from DVD movie or video file and convert them to M4A, MP3, AC3, AAC, WMA, WAV, OGG easily and fast with high quality.
Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite supports almost all the portable devices, such as: PSP, iPod Classic, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPhone (4G), iPhone, Zune, Zune 2, Blackberry, Nokia, Creative Zen, iRiver PMP, Archos, PS3, Apple TV, Xbox, iPAD, Mobile Phone, etc. You can enjoy your favorite DVD and video files on them.
Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite has strong movie editing functions of movie joiner, movie cutter and movie crop for you to edit your movie. It also allows you to customize the settings including video and audio bitrate, resolution, frame rate, etc. You can also choose the audio track and subtitle of DVD to meet your needs.
Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite is very user-friendly and easy to use, you can convert DVD an video to various video and audio formats with just a few clicks for you mouse. Free download valuable Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite, enjoy your wonderful digital life.


Key Features
Convert DVD and any video/audio to the various video/audio formats

Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite software could easily convert DVD and any video to the various video/audio formats such as MP4, H.264, AVI, MP3, WMV, WMA, FLV, MKV, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, 3GP, 3GPP, VOB, DivX, Mov, RM, RMVB, M4A, AAC, WAV, etc.
Support almost all popular portable players

Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite software can convert DVD and video to all the popular devices: PSP, iPod Classic, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPhone (3G), iPhone, Zune, Zune 2, Blackberry, Nokia, Creative Zen, Sony Walkman, iRiver PMP, Archos, PS3, Apple TV, Xbox, iPad, Mobile Phone, etc.
Easy and powerful editing function (Merge, Trim, Crop)

Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite software offers powerful editing functions such as merging multiple DVD chapters, titles or different videos files into one file, trimming any clip of video or DVD, cropping video size and so forth.
Set video effect

Get your desired video quality by modifying video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation. With it, you also can apply your modified standard to all the movies.
Get adjustable quality to put converted video on player

Define video settings, so you can set the Video Encoder, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate, Resolution. As for the Resolution, if you don't find what you want, you are available to input your own resolution in Width(pixels) * Height(pixels). Set audio settings, including Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate. All the settings can be saved in the option list of "User-Defined".
Preview video effect when you manage it

With Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite, it provides the original video preview and output video preview, you can see the video effect when you manage it.
Convert video to picture

If you like the current image of the video you can use the "Snapshotoption. Just click the "Snapshotbutton the image will be saved in the format of GIF, JPEG, BMP, and you can click the "Openbutton next to "Snapshotbutton to open your picture.
Easy to use

Eahoosoft DVD Converter Suite is very user-friendly and easy to use. Only a few clicks to complete the conversion with supervising the whole process on real time.
Fastest Conversion Speed

Provide the fastest conversion speed (&gt;300%), completely support dual core CPU.

Installation Info:
1)run setup
2)use provided username and serial for both programs
3)Enjoy from Slickinator


