Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Fox on the Run" is a popular glam rock song by the British band Sweet, first recorded in 1974. It was their 14th single and in 1975 reached number 2 on the British single list, 5 in the US, 1 in Australia, 1 in Germany, 2 in the Netherlands and 2 in Norway. The lyrics of the song are about groupies.

Two versions were recorded by Sweet. The original version was produced by Mike Chapman in association with Nicky Chinn on the 1974 album Desolation Boulevard. There was also a more pop-oriented and totally re-recorded version self-produced by the band and released as a 7" single in 1975. The 1975 single version was included on the American release of Desolation Boulevard in 1975.

Many artists and groups have covered this song, including Scorpions (in German translation as Fuchs geh' voran), Eric Singer, Girlschool, The Lolas, Red Hot Chili Peppers, You Am I, Sha-Boom, Touch of Joy, Mad Max, Deadsy, Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13, Ace Frehley, MAKE-UP, The Academy Is..., and Nip Drivers for the Desperate Teenage Lovedolls soundtrack.

Girlschool are a British heavy metal band originating out of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal scene and frequently associated with contemporaries Motörhead. They are the longest running all-female rock band, still active after more than 30 years.

Formed from a school band called Painted Lady, Girlschool enjoyed little commercial success beyond the early 1980s, but they maintain a worldwide cult following and were inspirational for many succeeding female bands. Despite frequent changes in the roster, original members Kim McAuliffe, Enid Williams and Denise Dufort are still in the band to this day. The other original member, lead guitarist and singer Kelly Johnson, died of cancer in 2007.

During their long career, they were supporting or opening act for Motörhead, Budgie, Uriah Heep, Black Sabbath, Rush, Rainbow, Iron Maiden, Scorpions, ZZ Top, Quiet Riot, Blue Öyster Cult, Deep Purple, Nazareth, Dio, Saxon, Alice Cooper, Heaven & Hell and Twisted Sister.

Take a Bite was the seventh studio album by British heavy metal band, Girlschool, released by GWR Records in 1988. It is the first album to feature Tracey Lamb on bass, replacing Gil Weston-Jones.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/