ART PEPPER UNRELEASED ART VOL III
THE CROYDON CONCERT
Label: Widow's Taste
Released:2008
Format:Mp3@320

Art Pepper, legendary alto sax player, is known as one of the greatest jazz artists of his generation. But he always soared far beyond the dated categories of swing and be-bop in his lyricism, technical brilliance, soulfulness, and solid, down-home raunchy sweetness. Volume III is a 2 Disc Set, a (nearly) complete concert performed in Croydon, England at the acoustically admirable Fairfield Hall. Art was, at this time, almost continually touring with the first of his comeback bands, and this band was tight. They knew and understood the tunes and communicated as only true jazz people can in performance, like a team of rhythmic, lyric, limber psychics. All Art's bands had great moments. This is one of those moments with this magnificent band: Milcho Leviev on piano, Bob Magnusson on upright bass, Carl Burnett on drums. John S. Wilson praised this quartet in the New York Times, saying they made Art s innate rhythmic drive even more buoyant and referring to Bob Magnusson as fabulously fast-fingered. Critic Gary Giddins, in The Village Voice, said Bob Magnusson's sure time and rich tone in the bottom register complemented Pepper s frequently ethereal gambits and praised Carl Burnett s chatty responsiveness. Musician and critic Jon Hendricks called Milcho Leviev a most marvelous pianist, a real joy. He plays with beauty and passion. When I sent Milcho these discs, he listened and then called me up, exultant. "We were so good!" he said. "We were so Good!"

Tracklist
Disc 1
1. Blues for Blanche 12:41 
2. Talk, Band Intro 4:34 
3. Ophelia 11:36 
4. Mambo De La Pinta 14:50 
5. Patricia 19:42 

Tracklist
Disc 2[/color]
1. Cherokee 12:56 
2. Goodbye 12:00 
3. Yours Is My Heart Alone 9:40 
4. Dedicated 9:45 
5. Make a List (Make a Wish) 20:51

Recorded: Fairfield Halls,Croydon UK May 14, 1981


Personnel:
Art Pepper: alto saxophone
Milcho Leviev: piano
Bob Magnusson: bass
Carl Burnett: drums.
