

Genre: Trance
Label: Black Hole Recordings
RlsDate: 2011
Format: MP3
Quality: 320 Kbps



1.  Voyager
2.  In Deep (feat. Molly Bancroft)
3.  Another Night In London
4.  Sunrays (feat. Manya)
5.  Jaywalker
6.  Alone (feat. Madeline Puckette)
7.  Chemistry (feat. Mike Koglin)
8.  Cold Love (feat. Manya)
9.  I Dream of Stars
10. Don’t Look Down
11. The Space Between the Stars
12. By Your Side (feat. Blacktzar)


Plz Seed Back For Others To Enjoy :)


Release Note: 15 years after his first single release Pulser presents his long awaited debut album on Black Hole Recordings.

The Space Between The Stars’ future-retro-trance sounds highlight a diverse album that draws on a strong influence of 70′s, 80′s and 90′s electronic music. The music of Depeche Mode, Kraftwerk and New Order that kick started Andy’s own EDM odyssey way back in the 90′s.

For a producer and DJ used to delivering epic club moments, it would have been the easy option to throw together a bunch of club tracks and call it an album without much thought to the bigger picture but thankfully The Space Between The Stars doesn’t go that route. The 15 brand new tracks are meticulously crafted, unique and diverse productions that take you on a spacey journey through the abstract mind, the electronic soul and right to the beating heart of one of EDM’s stalwart artists.

From the opening, rocket-fuelled-launch of Trance opener Voyager, the beautiful, melancholy collaboration with Molly Bancroft on In Deep to the cool chill of Cold Love and Sunrays from US singer/songwriter Manya and the Mike Koglin co-write Chemistry, the evolution from his Cloudwalking days are obvious. The house and techno feel of Altitudes, I Dream Of Stars and Jaywalker couldn’t be further away from his Trance classics like My Religion and Insigma’s – Open Our Eyes but somehow that inimitable Pulser sound is retained, becoming more evident in the uplifting heights of the clubby Don’t Look Down, the title track The Space Between the Stars and beyond into the pop-trance collaboration with the rising stars of British Electropop Blacktzar on By Your Side.