Passkey for DVD/Blu-ray is a Windows-based driver that works on-the-fly to unprotect encrypted DVD/Blu-ray discs. It can remove all known DVD/Blu-ray copy protections and region codes just in seconds to help you watch any DVD/Blu-ray movie on your region specific player with no limitation, allows you to use any software to access unencrypted DVD/Blu-ray contents to copy, burn, clone them, and so on.
Passkey for Blu-ray can remove all known AACS and BD+ copy protections, Region Code, BD-Live, UOPs, MKB V18 and newest MKB V19 for Blu-ray. Passkey for Blu-ray has the ability to let you change region setting of popular Blu-ray players with a single click. It makes your playback software essentially "region free" or more accurately "multi-region". Passkey for Blu-ray lets you enjoy any Blu-ray without HDCP-compliant graphics card and without HDCP-compliant display.
 


Passkey for DVD adds new decryption data on its server all the time, and every user with internet connection can get advantage of it, so it surly can decrypt all newly released DVD movies. And for some discs, users can use local decryption data included in Passkey for DVD when disconnected from internet.
Passkey for DVD helps users to decrypt any DVD by removing all known CSS, CPRM, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, UOPs, ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, CORE X2, etc.
DVDFab Passkey for DVD can do perfectly jump to first menu/main title with help of PathPlayer (exclusively developed by DVDFab and included in Passkey for DVD), and some unplayable problem in the same circumstances happened on other software will never occur.

Passkey Lite, a free version of Passkey, is a simple combination of Passkey for DVD and Passkey for Blu-ray. It is not any more a versatile and powerful decryption tool with some DVD/Blu-ray protections out of its domain. However, you can still freely watch any DVD, and use other software to access unprotected DVD/Blu-ray content.

Passkey Lite is a free and a simple two-in-one version of Passkey for DVD and Passkey for Blu-ray, and supports part of the functions they have. It can still decrypt protected DVD and Blu-ray, but not for all of them. For example, it can't remove AACS V12+, BD+, BDAV, and AVCREC for Blu-ray, so you are not allowed to watch movies with those protections. It doesn't support CPRM for DVD, and PathPlayer is not enabled, so ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, and CORE X2 can't be removed. As a result, you can't copy those still protected DVDs , but you are able to freely watch them. What adds punch to Passkey Lite is it can work with all the software that Passkey for DVD and Passkey for Blu-ray works with. You are enabled to use these apps to play/copy/rip the unprotected DVD/Blu-ray discs.

The DVD protections which can be removed by Passkey Lite are CSS, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, and UOPs. CPRM, ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, CORE X2, etc. are not included. For Blu-ray, it can mange AACS V10, RC, BD-Live, and UOPs.

• Remove all known DVD/Blu-ray protections
• Work with other software to access unencrypted DVD/Blu-ray content
• Allow you to watch any DVD/Blu-ray no region limit
 
Changes in DVDFab Passkey 8.0.3.4 (July 26, 2011):
    * New: Improved "ask region" logic for DVD and Blu-ray, which will ask user only when needed.
    * Passkey for Blu-ray: New: Rewritten UDF 2.50 parser.
    * New: Added support for new Java-based protection.

preactivated version by Dimitry and many thanks again to him
don't forget to uncheck-disable : check new update automatically
by its general menu settings option to avoid to be blacklisted
you may get possible slow download as i have a lot of people on my
previous seed with MAC OSX Lion 10.7 who still running anyway also.
be patient and use a suffisant up speed so.
Ty for understanding
Enjoy
regards