-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

-=I DON'T TAKE REQUESTS!=-

General information:
Complete title: Spartacus.50th.Anniversary.Edition.1960.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 3.18 GiB
Duration: 3h 16mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Tagline: It roars with fierce excitement!

Storyline:
The rebellious Thracian Spartacus, born and raised a slave, is sold to Gladiator trainer Batiatus. 
After weeks of being trained to kill for the arena, Spartacus turns on his owners and leads the other slaves in rebellion. 
As the rebels move from town to town, their numbers swell as escaped slaves join their ranks. 
Under the leadership of Spartacus, they make their way to southern Italy, where they will cross the sea and return to their homes. 
Meanwhile, in Rome, the slave revolt has become a deciding factor in the power struggle between two senators: the republican Gracchus and the militarist Crassus, each of whom sees the fortunes of the rebellion as the key to his own rise to power or humiliating defeat. 
As the two statesmen attempt to aid, hinder and manipulate the rebels for their own benefit, Spartacus and his followers press on toward freedom.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/1019544-spartacus/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0054331/


Cast:

Kirk Douglas 	... 	Spartacus 
Laurence Olivier 	... 	Marcus Licinius Crassus 
Jean Simmons 	... 	Varinia 
Charles Laughton 	... 	Sempronius Gracchus 
Peter Ustinov 	... 	Lentulus Batiatus 
John Gavin 	... 	Julius Caesar 
Nina Foch 	... 	Helena Glabrus 
John Ireland 	... 	Crixus 
Herbert Lom 	... 	Tigranes Levantus 
John Dall 	... 	Marcus Publius Glabrus 
Charles McGraw 	... 	Marcellus 
Joanna Barnes 	... 	Claudia Marius 
Harold J. Stone 	... 	David 
Woody Strode 	... 	Draba 
Peter Brocco 	... 	Ramon  

Genre: Action | Adventure | Biography | Drama | History
Director: Stanley Kubrick
Rating: No Rating
Language: English
Awards: Won 4 Oscars. Another 4 wins & 9 nominations
Original source: Spartacus.50th.Anniversary.Edition.1960.BluRay.720p.DTS.x264-CHD

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 1 993 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 8 039 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 576 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.222
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.113

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Duration : 3h 16mn
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 320 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 338 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

NOTES: For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.