Suikoden 5 for the Ps2                                            Rel. 03/21/2006


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Rating:        TEEN
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.




Game Description:

The Queendom of Falena is a prosperous country ruled by Queen Arshtat. The Sun Rune, one of the legendary twenty-seven True Runes, is said to protect Falena from all danger, working in conjunction with the Twilight Rune and the Dawn Rune. Recently, the inhabitants of the town of Lordlake rebelled against the queen's rule. In order to put an end to the rebellion, the queen used the power of the Sun Rune, killing Lordlake's leader and turning the town's environment into a barren, scorched wasteland. Using the rune also rendered the formerly kind and benevolent queen mentally unstable. 

Meanwhile, the traditional Sacred Games are being held. The champion has the right to claim the hand of Lymsleia, the princess and the future queen of Falena. Two powerful nobility factions are trying to gain the upper hand in the championship through intrigues and manipulation. Eventually, one of them orchestrates an assault on the royal castle, capturing the princess and taking control of the country. Arshtat's son and Lymsleia's older brother, the prince of Falena, manages to escape along with a few allies. The prince must secure the help of other factions and nations, build an army, and liberate his homeland.

Suikoden V is, chronologically, a remote sequel to Suikoden IV and a close prequel to the first game, set eight years before it. Traditional elements of the series - the ability to recruit 108 characters to help the hero on his quest, maintaining an own castle, the rune-based magic system (limited casting of spells instead of magic points) - are all present in this installment. Like in the first two games, the player manages an active party of individually controlled six characters, with four others acting as backup. Party formation plays an important role now, as the party receives bonuses by using different placements and tactics. Characters can execute combo attacks, which vary depending on the members currently participating in the battle. The skill system from the third game is back: characters can learn various passive abilities which increase their parameters and improve combat behavior.

The duel battles are timed in this installment, the player having to quickly select an attack type before the opponent executes his or hers. Turn-based tactical army combat from the previous entries has been replaced by real-time strategy battles. The player navigates various types of units on land or sea; the unit types relate to each other in a "rock-paper-scissors" fashion, each type being strong and weak against two others.


Features:

* Tactical Formation System allows for up to 20 strategic formations in battle.

* 6 member battle parties with up to 50 playable characters.

* Strategic map battles with hundreds of troops in huge army skirmishes.

* Completely customize your characters with a new skill system, weapon enhancement
  system and hundreds of unique equipment items.

* Build up and customize a base as the Stars are unveiled.


* Longest storyline ever in a Suikoden game with fully voiced-over cut scenes 
  with multiple endings, storyline branches and unimaginable plot twists.


* Uncover the 108 Stars of Destiny and battle with over 50 playable characters.



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		