This is one of the very best of Bob Marley and The Wailers' (the first two were originally released under the group name The Wailers) original 11 Island-era albums. Definitely. (Survival and Exodus are probably the two best.) I own all of these albums on CD and vinyl, and my Marley collection in general is very, very extensive. It is so good that if I had to suggest three releases which include material released during the Island Era, they would be Songs of Freedom (the 4-CD career retrospective box set), Legend, and SURVIVAL. It is so good that seven of the songs from this album are on Songs of Freedom, (for one of them they put the 12" mix instead of the original), and there is an additional dub version of one of these songs on the SOF box set. It is such a good album, that if you consider yourself a fan of Island-era Marley, I guarantee that if you do not have this album already and you buy it, you will like it. "Zimbabwe," "Babylon System," "Africa Unite," "One Drop," "Ride Natty Ride," and "Ambush in the Night" are unstoppably awesome songs!! Just as "No Woman, No Cry [Lyceum, 1975]" is Marley's best LIVE recording, "Africa Unite" is arguably Marley's best Island-era STUDIO recording. It's very beautiful and deep. "Zimbabwe" may be the most important song Marley ever recorded. READ THE WORDS from the liner notes AS YOU LISTEN TO THE SONG! BM&tW were invited to play at the celebration of the opening of the independent country of Zimbabwe in 1980(, at which the people knew the words to this song better than the words of their own new national anthem)! What an honor! They were the only non-African-based musical group that played for the celebration. I have heard SO MANY Marley songs, and this is my favorite Bob Marley song! "Babylon System" is also beautiful and deep, including one unforgettable line which you will discover upon hearing it. "One Drop" is almost unbelievably beautiful. You will melt when you hear it. "Ambush" did not make it onto SOF, but is beautiful and deep. Then you have "So Much Trouble in the World," and "Survival," which have great lyrics, So Much is also quite rhythmic. "Top Rankin" also has great lyrics. Even the arguably weakest song on the album, "Wake Up and Live," has great lyrics.
"Africa Unite-Ambush" could be a candidate for the best four songs in a row on any original album, of all time. I own about 32 or 33 copies of SURVIVAL on vinyl, including all four original colored vinyl editions pressed only in Jamaica in 1979 [according to Catch a Fire biography]. By the way, if you own the SOF boxset, that contains the "bonus track," the 12" mix of Ride Natty Ride, which was put on the remastered version of SURVIVAL, so you would only need to get the old 10-track TUFF GONG version of SURVIVAL (although it is currently becoming increasingly difficult to get a still-sealed copy of the ten-track version of the CD). The 12" mix is a bit more rhythmic, as might be expected of a 12" mix supposedly intended for the dancefloor, but the original version is already a great song that needed no help. 

by E.C. "c-93"

TRACKLIST:

01 - So Much Trouble In The World.wma                  
02 - Zimbabwe.wma                                      
03 - Top Rankin'.wma                                   
04 - Babylon System.wma                                
05 - Survival.wma                                      
06 - Africa Unite.wma                                  
07 - One Drop.wma                                      
08 - Ride Natty Ride.wma                               
09 - Ambush In The Night.wma                           
10 - Wake Up And Live.wma                              
11 - Ride Natty Ride 12' Mix (Bonus Track).wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO