             OMSI - The Bus Simulator (c) Aerosoft

14-04-2011........Release Date ... Protection...........ASProtect
Simulator............Game Type ... Disk(s)..................1 DVD


RELEASE NOTES

OMSI is a realistic omnibus simulator for your home PC. Go back in time
to West Berlin of the late 80 s. Be a bus driver on the former omnibus
route 92 on a seven mile route across the district of Spandau. Take
control of one of the contemporary buses and drive on the roads of
Berlin. There are several detailed versions of the MAN double-deckers
SD200 and SD202 available from different years of construction

The realistic replication of each vehicle provides true to original
simulation in matters of drivability and amount of operating the
vehicle. A high detailed gearbox control, physical simulation of the
compressed air system as well as a fully functional IBIS and an
impressive sound environment guarantee a near perfect level of reality
The lively outside world surprises the user with a realistic landscape
heavy traffic and lots of animated objects

Features:

The classic versions of the MAN double-decker buses SD200 and SD202 are
included

Realistic and intelligent traffic and detailed landscape

Realistic and controllable weather and seasonal effects

Realistic day and night effects

Many animations and animated objects

Fully functional IBIS (integrated on-board information system)

Four different views: driver sight, passenger sight, exterior view or
free view

Script engine to influence the handling characteristics and functions
of the bus

Easy to use, map-based track editorInsert your own vehicles

Compatible with TrackIR 5


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install (use key info when asked - can be found in ADDITIONAL NOTES)
3. Run exe from UPDATE folder on the DVD (use same key info as before)
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


ADDITIONAL NOTES

During install, use this to be able to install:

Customer...........: aca882k9@hotmail.com
Serial.............: 6bH0tLrl4eXrvODvscSt67jpte26qrTr

Remember - Don't use the Aerosoft launcher to start the game!


GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan