DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

The Order of Terror
By Wolfgang Sofsky


Publisher: Princeton Univ Pr
Number Of Pages: 368
Publication Date: 1996-11-25
ISBN-10 / ASIN: 069104354X
ISBN-13 / EAN: 9780691043548
Binding: Hardcover
 


Book Description:

"A book that will fundamentally enrich our knowledge of human nature, the organization of power, and the execution of terror."--Der Spiegel

During the twelve years from 1933 until 1945, the concentration camp operated as a terror society. In this pioneering book, the renowned German sociologist Wolfgang Sofsky looks at the concentration camp from the inside as a laboratory of cruelty and a system of absolute power built on extreme violence, starvation, "terror labor," and the business-like extermination of human beings.

Based on historical documents and the reports of survivors, the book details how the resistance of prisoners was broken down. Arbitrary terror and routine violence destroyed personal identity and social solidarity, disrupted the very ideas of time and space, perverted human work into torture, and unleashed innumerable atrocities. As a result, daily life was reduced to a permanent struggle for survival, even as the meaning of self-preservation was extinguished. Sofsky takes us from the searing, unforgettable image of the Muselmann--Auschwitz jargon for the "walking dead"--to chronicles of epidemics, terror punishments, selections, and torture.

The society of the camp was dominated by the S.S. and a system of graduated and forced collaboration which turned selected victims into accomplices of terror. Sofsky shows that the S.S. was not a rigid bureaucracy, but a system with ample room for autonomy. The S.S. demanded individual initiative of its members. Consequently, although they were not required to torment or murder prisoners, officers and guards often exploited their freedom to do so--in passing or on a whim, with cause, or without.

The order of terror described by Sofsky culminated in the organized murder of millions of European Jews and Gypsies in the death-factories of Auschwitz and Treblinka. By the end of this book, Sofsky shows that the German concentration camp system cannot be seen as a temporary lapse into barbarism. Instead, it must be conceived as a product of modern civilization, where institutionalized, state-run human cruelty became possible with or without the mobilizing feelings of hatred.



Summary: The harrowing dynamics of terror!
Rating: 5


When we refer ourselves respect certain themes not precisely pleasant to face, most of people tend or ignore, overlook or evade it. And perhaps the Nazi concentration camps is the most conclusive evidence that shows us with implacable realism the state of primitivism that continues reigning in the spirit and soul of many people. 

The future genocides simply have varied its schemes, obviously with major efficiency and discretion, but this rigorous analysis around the abominable horror beneath this unthinkable fact simply cannot and must not be forgotten, because of the fact the Nazism is just a branch of the nasty repression no matter the origin of its procedure. Basically all intransigence or prohibition is by itself a signal of fascism, because it's good to remark the fascism may embrace all the politic specters, from left to right. Because there are issues that by known they are silenced, and then forgotten. That's why you and me must insist, over and over, because the human memory is fragile and sentimental. 

A definitive account of one the most bloody and embarrassing episodes of the last Century.



Summary: Painstaking detail
Rating: 4

This is a great sociology text regarding the concentration camp and its scary system. I have read several books about WWII and the Holocaust, but this has a totally different angle. If you have ever studied the sociology of control, crime, or time, this is a must read. It is an academic work, but definitely good leisure reading.



Summary: It was excellent
Rating: 5

This book was so good. It helped me to do a project and now I read it just for fun. I loved it so much it is scary. I have read other books like this one, but they didn't help me as much like this one. The other books weren't very interessting to read for fun, this one is. You should read it because it is the best book in the world. I guarrenty it!