funny facts: 
recent price: 1074 US DOLLARS {2011 september 2nd}
and the keygen used in this crack is identical to the one use on the site.... though this one looks better :P 


Description directly from original site:

V-RAY for C4D IT'S GOOD, IT'S FAST, IT'S STABLE.

We are Cinema4D fans and we are V-Ray fans. To combine best of both tools we initiated and developed V-RAY for C4D. The Project is initiated and owned by C4D users for C4D Users. We've brought  the world famous V-Ray render technology to the modern and powerful high-end animation system MAXON CINEMA 4D.


QUALITY

V-Ray is famous for its unsurpassed render quality.  V-Ray is developed not only to look "nice", but also to render in an accurate, physically correct way.  This ensures the highest image, light and surface quality which is not possible in "normal " render engines.
You can set real world values, real photometric light intensities, IES light data from manufactures, a physical sun and sky system, and high-end BRDF surfaces, all working in harmony with each other.  The materials look real and you can easily mix artificial and day light, to achieve a photorealistic look using the built-in physical camera, like a real photographer.
While being "all physical", V-Ray does not limit the artist, it offers very deep control of the rendering to give all of the control you need and even bend the rules of reality to your needs.


SPEED

V-Ray is highly optimized in all areas and uses custom developed high-level technology unique to this engine. Many have tried to copy V-Ray's GI and rendering features, but no one been able to match them in either speed nor quality. Being years ahead of the rest V-Ray influences the whole industry in a positive way. V-Ray offers the highest quality to render-speed ratio of all available systems.


BEST GI

It is no secret that one of V-Ray's power lies in its excellent quality of lighting. V-Ray is one of the first and only engines that is built from ground up for using GI (Global Illumination). It renders GI not as an "effect" that is just layered over the rest, but at the core of all image calculation. Its GI is unique, the same DMC core renders GI, light, AA and reflection at same time.
GI is the heart of V-Ray and it is designed to fit together with all parts of the engine in a very harmonious way. It offers several high-end GI methods for your choice, depending on the needs of your project. You can use them in combination to achieve the highest possible quality and efficiency. V-Ray Light Cache GI ("LC") combined with irradiance map("IR") or DMC Brute Force  p.e. offers unlimited light bounces with ultra high speed and detail. The V-Ray Light Cache mode also shows a good  preview of the final image within few seconds, which is a great time saver and workflow enhancement you don't want to miss.
V-Ray makes animation and stills with highest quality and speed - clean and flicker free . There are special GI modes for object and flythrough animations and you can save rendered GI solutions and easily reuse them, saving a huge amount of time. From one single saved GI solution you can even render out several animations , high-res stills, panoramas etc. V-Ray GI offers physically correct light distribution at an unmatched quality and speed.


MULTILAYERED BRDF MATERIAL

The best render engine is nothing if the material description is not designed to fit the GI. The look and feel of a surface and its material is defined by the light, and you need the tools to built your materials to fit these needs.
The V-Ray BRDF material gives you all of that with multi layered true anisotropic reflection and specularity, volume scattering and absorption. All of your materials will look real thanks to the precise BRDF material and physical light in V-Ray. Materials can be used between scenes and you can rest assured that will always look correct.
The physical model makes it easy to produce high-level surfaces without guessing. The in-depth controls lets you go to the limits of imagination. V-Ray for C4D uses a special layered incarnation of the V-Ray BRDF material. It is also unique to V-Ray for C4D and is not even available in 3ds Max version.


NATIVE C4D SHADER SUPPORT IN BRDF

Another unique feature of V-Ray for C4D is the integrated support for Maxon's  excellent procedural shading system.


EASY WORKFLOW

Despite all control and possibilities V-Ray offers, we still think simplicity and ease of use is an important thing.  In V-Ray for C4D we tried to make the interface as "Cinema4D like" as possible.  All settings are at one place so that the standard C4D objects, lights, material are handled in the same way. The C4D shaders are your best friend.  Simple V-Ray tags expand the functionality of Cinema 4D objects in an easy and seamless way.
With V-Ray you set all parameters using real-world settings and the engine does everything else for you.  Everything is calibrated to fit together automatically. Light setups are an easy task, no try and error. It saves you many hours of work as you don't  have to "reinvent the wheel" in each scene. Just reuse your materials, settings, lights and concentrate on the more important artistic aspects of rendering.
V-Ray ships with several predefined GI presets (from preview to very high) that make production workflows easy for beginners and experts alike.


HUGE V-RAY USERBASE - PROVEN QUALITY

V-Ray not only exits for Cinema4D, but also 3ds Max, Maya, Rhino, SketchUp and soon also XSI.  It has developed over the years to a defacto industry standard.  Due to its great features and unsurpassed quality, V-Ray's userbase is one of the biggest in the world including hundreds of  thousands of professional customers who all trust in this fastest growing platform.  If you know one incarnation of V-Ray you can handle any other, the render quality is always the same. Endless  tutorial and material resources for learning V-Ray are available. The V-Ray community is a worldwide and very ambitious creative crowd. An investment into this proven render engine will ensure that what you learn and do is sustainable and keeps its worth.


FREE RENDERNODES

Unlike some other render engines, V-Ray for C4D offers unlimited free render nodes with unlimited CPU count per license for use with MAXON's Cinema4D NET. With one single V-Ray for C4D license and MAXON NET unlimited you can render on all your computers, even if it's a huge render farm, at no additional cost!
This feature is worth many thousands of dollars if you plan to use V-Ray on your in-house render farm.
If you are interested in V-Ray for C4D take a look at the feature highlights for more info or simply contact us for further questions.


V-Ray for C4D Features

Superb V-Ray Image Quality
Already proven by hundreds of thousands of V-Ray users on the 3ds Max platform, V-Ray for C4D is known for its world-class image and light quality. It is no secret that V-Ray for C4D has this unique magic light and surface quality artists (and their clients) love. This comes from the way that V-Ray handles and calculates light, surfaces and images internally.


Physically Correct Illumination with Real LC lightchache GI, Unlimited lightbounces 
and Instant Feedback

- Save and reuse ultra fast GI modes flicker free 
- Object and Camera Animation.
- Fast NET render modes with GI.


Physically Correct Lights and IES Light Data File Support

Although V-Ray for C4D uses the native Cinema4D lights, it expands their functionality with a wide range of controls and transforms them into high quality V-Ray physical lights. You have the choice to use photometric lights with intensity units in watts, lumen, radiance etc.
There are several ready to use presets within the V-Ray for C4D light controls. The various V-Ray lights offer controls for shadow, reflection visibility, specular, etc.


Photometric Physical Sun and Sky for Indoor and Outdoor

V-Ray for C4D offers the ability to transform any light or a native C4D sun into a full physical sky environment. You only need to set the time and location and press render. It will always provide you with a fully physically correct and beautiful light solutions with just a few clicks.


Full Physical Camera Simulation

With the V-Ray for C4D physical camera the whole process of lighting a scene gets renewed.


HDRI (HDRI-High Dynamic Range) 32bit per channel  INPUT and OUTPUT

In V-Ray for C4D lighting is calculated in full HDRI 32bit per channel mode. Every input, texture, shader, color value and output can be set to 32bit without any quality loss. This is very valuable for production environments or demanding artists. HDRI images can also be used to light your scene very quickly and can cast shadows and even real caustics.


Physical, Multilayered BRDF Material with Real Anisotropy -  True Specular Reflections and volume Scattering & Absorption

V-Ray for C4D expands Cinema4D with its high level multi layered BRDF Materials. The material layout is similar to the Cinema4D material, however it offers more channels with more control and true "BRDF"  physical quality.
All surface calculations are based on real world physically behaviors without typical shader "faking" needed. Reflections, glossy reflections, transparency, translucency, depth absorption, and physical correct subsurface scattering, backlight (also single surface SSS), luminance, normal maps, true and ultra fast micropoly displacement, true anisotropy with textured angle control.


V-Ray Blend Material, for Complex Layered and Coated Surfaces

The V-Ray for C4D blend material expands the wide possibilities of the BRDF material even more.  It allows you to layer up to ten full BRDF materials and blend them together in any way. The blending can be  controlled by textures, gradients or falloffs. This is an  excellent method to create multilayered materials like car paints, pearls, satin, coated wood or plastics.


V-Ray 2 sided Material : Ultra Fast Translucency

V-Ray 2 sided is one of the most unbelievable materials; it renders translucent thin objects in almost the same speed as you render a plain diffuse surface. It transports the light from one side to the other and can even casts shadows and produced fully correct GI.  Never again think you can't afford translucent rice paper, lampshades, curtains, leaves, thin paper, backlit architectural panels or frosted glass. You can even texture the front and backside of an object differently and control how the one side interacts with the other. You can now use translucency or "single surface sub surface scattering" on any surface without limits.


V-Ray Real Proxy - Incredibly Fast 3D Instancing - Render BILLIONS of Polygons. No Extra RAM needed.

V-Ray for C4D provides one of the most efficient Proxy solutions out there. Millions or even billions of polygons and many thousands of copies of objects can be rendered without using more RAM.


V-Ray Physical DOF and Bokeh lens Effects

V-Ray for C4D offers high-level and physical correct Depth of Field and can also calculate bokeh effects that take the imperfections and shape of the camera lens into account.


V-Ray HDRI: Ultra Fast and Precise Image Based Lighting

With only one HDRI image (high dynamic range image) placed in a scene you can light an entire scene . All light comes from the high dynamic range image. You can achieve good light quality,  crisp  GI shadows, SSS, reflective and glossy materials with volume refraction.


V-Ray 360 Degree Special Camera

Render in a true hemispheric 360 degree image, creating stunning effects with this special camera, or render out HDRI environments or compositing backgrounds.


V-Ray Additional Special Cameras

V-Ray for C4D offers other special camera features including fisheye distortion and cubic rendering for QuickTime or Flash VR.  With V-Ray for C4D there are no limit.


V-Ray Real Physical Sub Surface Scattering [SSS]

V-Ray BRDF SSS is not faked, it is calculated physically correct in the same way the scattering in a volume  body happens in reality.
SSS is an effect influenced by refractions,  diffuse body, translucency and volume light scattering and absorption. SSS happens automatically within the V-Ray BRDF Material. V-Ray for C4D comes with several presets of SSS materials.


V-Ray for C4D +Thinking Particles + Proxy objects

Thinking Particles are a very powerful tool in CInema4D. V-Ray for C4D also renders Thinking Particle objects directly with GI very quickly .You can even use instances V-Ray proxies as the Particle source.
If you use Proxies you only need RAM for one single particle. All other particles are true 3D instances. this gives enormous possibilities to the cinema4d artists, never seen before.


V-ray for C4D and MAXON Hair Module Rendering

V-Ray  for C4D can even render Hair. On a 64-bit platform this works very well and is amazingly fast. You can make fields of grass, hair, fur.  V-Ray renders with full GI and reflection interaction.


V-Ray for C4D Auto Render Out Image in Stripes for NET
[image]

VRAYforC4D Full Render Region tool

V-Ray for C4D High Poly Count Rendering
[image]

Full Multi-Platform License - One License Fits All
V-Ray forC4D is multiplatform and works on a Mac and PC.

{though this is only the mac version.... srry windows users.... if you could run mac OSX you could use the Keygen though because that part is universal :P)



sites: 
http://vray.info/ 
http://shop.vray.info/rendering-engines/v-ray-for-cinema4d-c4d.html



enjoy!



The Karaty Chicken, The Only Chicken With Balls :]

email:dontuspammenow@hotmail.com