Visit this link for more info: http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/?showtopic=235129

Tetsuo - The Iron Man

Audio: Japanese
Subs: Italiano, English
 
http://img401.Imageshack.us/img401/9128/covertetsuo.jpg

.: Scheda :.

Titolo originale: Tetsuo
Paese: Giappone
Lingua: Giapponese
Anno: 1989
Genere: Fantascienza, Horror
Regia: Shinya Tsukamoto
Sceneggiatura: Shinya Tsukamoto
Montaggio: Shinya Tsukamoto
Musica: Ichikawa Chu
Produzione: Kaijyu Theater
Distribuzione: Rarovideo 
Uscita: 1 luglio 1989
Cast: Shinya Tsukamoto, Tomorowo Taguchi, Kei Fujiwara

.: Trama :.

-Italiano

Un auto-feticista estremo (interpretato dallo stesso regista) è solito innestare componenti metallici vari nel proprio corpo. Quando l'ennesima cruenta applicazione rigetta, spaventato scappa per la città, finendo investito da un automobilista di passaggio assieme alla fidanzata. Ritenendo morto l'investito, i due decidono di gettarlo nel bosco senza avvertire le forze dell'ordine. La situazione inconsueta eccita la ragazza al punto di pretendere un rapporto sessuale di fronte al cadavere. Il film non chiarisce se il feticista sopravviva, se si tratti di un'oscura maledizione o se sia l'investitore ad impazzire, ma da quel momento l'uomo inizierà una graduale trasformazione in uomo-macchina. Tutto inizia quando radendosi scopre di avere un piccolo condensatore al posto di un pelo di barba. In seguito, in una delle scene che hanno reso celebre la pellicola, l'uomo subisce la metamorfosi del pene in una fresa gigante, con cui penetra a morte la fidanzata. L'uomo si scontra infine con il feticista che credeva morto, tra le rovine post-industriali che diventeranno parte di entrambi i corpi durante lo scontro. I due finiscono per fondersi in un'unica enorme creatura biomeccanica, pronta a seminare morte e distruzione nel mondo.

-English

The film opens with a man (called only "the man", or the "Metal Fetishist"), cutting open a massive gash in his leg and then shoving a large threaded steel rod into the wound. Later, upon seeing maggots festering in the wound, he screams, runs out into the street, and is hit by a car. The driver of the car, dressed as a Japanese Salaryman (a businessman played by cult actor Taguchi Tomorowo), and his girlfriend try to cover up the mess by dumping the body into a ravine, but the dumped man gets revenge by forcing the Salaryman's body to gradually metamorphose into a walking pile of scrap metal. This process starts when the driver finds a piece of metal stuck in his cheek while shaving. He tries to remove it, but realizes it is growing from the inside.
The scene shifts to the Salaryman at his home having breakfast, with a bandage over his cheek. The Salaryman receives a phone call, consisting of nothing but him and the other speaker (possibly his girlfriend) continuously saying "Hello?" to each other and thinking back to having sex after dumping the Metal Fetishist.
The first of several highly stylized chase scenes starts with the driver pursued through an underground train station by a woman whose body has been taken over by the Metal Fetishist. The Salaryman seems to win this encounter by breaking the back of the radically transformed woman (she begins the sequence as a demure office worker and ends it as a wild metal-infected woman) after he has erupted with even more metal on his ankles and arm.
The next segment is a terrifying dream sequence where the Salaryman's girlfriend, transformed into an exotic dancer with a snake-like metal probe, terrorizes and rapes the Salaryman. After waking from this dream, the Salaryman and his girlfriend have sex at his apartment and eat erotically. As she eats each bite given to her, he hears the sounds of metal scraping. The Salaryman suddenly discovers his penis has mutated into a gargantuan power drill. A fight ensues where the Salaryman terrorizes his girlfriend, and acquires more and more metal on his body. She both fights back and in the end impales herself on his drill and dies.
Helpless to do anything, The Salaryman (now having become the Iron Man) is paid a visit by the Metal Fetishist. The Fetishist uses his power to terrorize not only Iron Man, but turns his cats into grotesque metal creatures, and comes in through the corpse of his dead girlfriend and shows him the vision of a "New World" of nothing but metal. The Iron Man flees and is followed by the Metal Fetishist into an abandoned building. After the Metal Fetishist explains to the Iron Man how both of them became what they are, a final battle ensues. The Iron Man ends by attempting to merge himself with the Fetishist into a horrific two-headed metal monster. The two agree to turn the whole world into metal and rust it, scattering it into the dust of the universe by claiming "Our love can put an end to this fucking world. Let's Go!" The duo charges through the streets of Japan. The film ends with the words "GAME OVER" as opposed to "The End" after the closing credits.

.: Screenshots :.
 
http://img814.Imageshack.us/img814/7676/vlcsnap2011010311h18m37.png
 
http://img838.Imageshack.us/img838/995/vlcsnap2011010311h22m45.png
 
http://img695.Imageshack.us/img695/3152/vlcsnap2011010311h23m29.png
 
http://img593.Imageshack.us/img593/6123/vlcsnap2011010311h27m39.png

.: Dati DVD :.

Durata: 67 min.
Lingue: Giapponese 2.0 , 5.1
Sottotitoli: Italiano, Inglese
Formato Video: PAL regione 2 , 4:3
Menu: Sì
Compressione: Nessuna
Extra: Nessuno
Programmi utilizzati per il ripping: DVD Decrypter
