***UPLOADERS NOTES***

As the commercial copy below reads, the Diana Hacker Guide is the most commonly used writers reference handbook in the United States. This specific addition is the MLA (Modern Language Association) seventh edition, published in 2011. Odds are, anyone currently attending college, or who has done so in the past 25 years, was required to purchase a copy of this writer's guide. As an instructor of developmental writing at a local community college, this textbook is not only REQUIRED, it is that rarest of all possible things - a legitimately useful and even indispensable college textbook. Any writer of the English language, no matter what their level of development, either has or should have a copy of this guide. The reason for the unusually large size of the PDF is that I have scanned it in full color at high resolution. This is because a great deal of the content depends on multiple color markings to make its various points. I am choosing to make it available as a torrent because (at my local community college, anyway) the incompetence and malfeasance of our bookstore has made it increasingly difficult for financial aid students to get their hands on this textbook before the semester is half over. I have never felt any moral qualm about any of the myriad and diverse media that I have uploaded as a pirate, but the Bedford St. Martin's publishing company has done such an incredible job with this invaluable book (not to mention its supplemental workbooks and free online exercises), that I am quite loathe to deprive that wonderful company of even a single penny. I encourage anyone reading this to order supplemental materials and or to pay the online fee at the Bedford St. Martin website for additional access.


Furthermore, I have uploaded the INSTRUCTORS edition, which offers additional insight into how to use and implement these materials. I realize that almost nobody reading this is likely to be an instructor of English at the collegiate level, but any homeschooling parent, advanced high school student, or someone who either is or knows a learner with ESL (English as second language) difficulties learning written English, will be able to make great use of this book. This is very probably the single most useful thing I have uploaded to the Pirate Bay in three years of torrenting. It is my hope and wish that many, many of you find this PDF to be of great use.

Rambam1776


A great deal of supplemental information can be found at the following website:

 
http://bedfordstmartins.com/Catalog/product/writersreference-seventhedition-hacker
 
http://bayimg.com/DaJcEAaDB

A Writer's Reference, the most widely adopted handbook in the United States, continues to be groundbreaking in its simplicity, offering the right content in an accessible format. New coauthor Nancy Sommers's own research, campus travel, and classroom experience keep the handbook in tune with the needs of academic writers. In a trusted quick-reference format, the seventh edition delivers advice on all the right topics: working with sources, revising with comments, preparing a portfolio, and more. A Writer's Reference offers unprecedented flexibility with several versions to choose from -- a handbook that's truly at your service.

A Writer's Reference


Seventh Edition ©2011

ISBN-10: 0-312-60143-3
ISBN-13: 978-0-312-60143-0
Paper Text, 576 pages


C Composing and revising
     C1 Planning
     C2 Drafting 
     C3 Revising
*new section on portfolio keeping
     C4 Writing paragraphs
     C5 Designing documents
     C6 Writing with technology (*new chapter)
    
A Academic writing 
     A1 Writing about texts 
*new annotated advertisement
     A2 Constructing reasonable arguments
*new argument paper
     A3 Evaluating arguments
     A4 Writing in the disciplines 
    
S Sentence style
     S1 Parallelism
     S2 Needed words
     S3 Problems with modifiers
     S4 Shifts
     S5 Mixed constructions
     S6 Sentence emphasis 
     S7 Sentence variety
    
W Word choice 
     W1 Glossary of usage
     W2 Wordy sentences
     W3 Active verbs
     W4 Appropriate language
     W5 Exact language
     W6 The dictionary and thesaurus
    
G Grammatical sentences
     G1 Subject-verb agreement
     G2 Verb forms, tenses, and moods
     G3 Pronouns
     G4 Adjectives and adverbs
     G5 Sentence fragments
     G6 Run-on sentences
    
M Multilingual writers and ESL challenges
     M1 Verbs
     M2 Articles
     M3 Sentence structure
     M4 Using adjectives 
     M5 Prepositions and idiomatic expressions 
    
P Punctuation and mechanics
     P1 The comma
     P2 Unnecessary commas
     P3 The semicolon and the colon
     P4 The apostrophe
     P5 Quotation marks
     P6 Other punctuation marks
     P7 Spelling and hyphenation
     P8 Capitalization
     P9 Abbreviations and numbers
     P10 Italics
 
B Basic grammar
     B1 Parts of speech
     B2 Parts of sentences
     B3 Subordinate word groups
     B4 Sentence types   
 
R Researching
     R1 Conducting research
     R2 Evaluating sources
*new feature on scholarly vs. popular sources
*new feature on evaluating Web sites
     R3 Managing information; avoiding plagiarism
*new sample annotated bibliography
*new box on avoiding plagiarism
     R4 Choosing a documentation style
    
MLA papers
     MLA-1 Supporting a thesis
     MLA-2 Citing sources; avoiding plagiarism
     MLA-3 Integrating sources
*new coverage of synthesis
     MLA-4 Documenting sources
*new annotated documentation models
     MLA-5 Manuscript format; sample paper
*new research case study
     SAMPLE PAPER 
    
APA and CMS papers
     APA-1 Supporting a thesis
     APA-2 Citing sources; avoiding plagiarism
     APA-3 Integrating sources
*new coverage of synthesis
     APA-4 Documenting sources
*new annotated documentation models
     APA-5 Manuscript format; sample paper
     SAMPLE PAPER 
     CMS-1 Supporting a thesis
     CMS-2 Citing sources; avoiding plagiarism
     CMS-3 Integrating sources
     CMS-4 Documenting sources
*new Citations at a glance
     CMS-5 Manuscript format; sample pages
     SAMPLE PAGES
 
*new to this edition