Trillian Pro 5.1 Build 18-LT
(v5.1.0.18)


Release Date: 12-20-2011
Build Date: 12-20-2011
URL: http://www.trillian.im/
Build Info: http://blog.trillian.im/?p=2392
OS: WINALL


Description:
Trillian 5.1 can connect to AIM, Bonjour, Facebook, Foursquare, IRC, LinkedIn, MyspaceIM, Skype, Twitter, Windows Live Messenger, XMPP/Google Talk/Jabber, and Yahoo!.

Today we’re moving Trillian 5.1 for Windows out of the labs and into release status! Trillian 5.1 is the first version of Trillian to be officially “plugged into Skype” courtesy of the great new SkypeKit for Desktop. This means you can run Skype directly inside of Trillian without having to keep the original client running! Trillian 5.1 also features a modernized activity history viewer, the ability to send pictures on all services, and a bunch of other great features and important bugfixes.

Trillian 5.1 introduces:
Native Skype integration.
A refreshed chat history design.
The ability to send images on all chat services.
AIM and ICQ plugin updates.
Twitter user streams and other misc new features.
A host of other minor bugfixes and improvements.


Install Notes: 
1. Install Trillian. (trillian-v5.1.0.18.exe) (Be careful and decline 3rd party softwares during install) !DO NOT launch when install finishes!
2. Copy/Paste patch (trillian.5.1.x-patch.u1.exe) into installation directory and run it. (you can uncheck backup if you like)

Other Notes:
If you are new to Trillian you must register a new account. Upon opening Trillian for the first time, press Register for a new account and continue through the rest of signup with actual info.

Uploaders Notes: I am well aware of false positives. Are you? The patcher this torrent comes with may flag ur antivirus with Trojan.Gen.2 or other name variants but please understand that it is a FALSE POSTIVE. Avast, AVG, Microsoft Security Essentials (which is what I use and trust), and the Bitdefender quickscan Firefox add-on ALL TEST CLEAN.


Enjoy! Upload anywhere else you like. :)