VMware vSphere v5-ZWTiSO

VMware vSphere, the most trusted, most widely deployed virtualization platform in the world, forms the foundation of VMware's cloud infrastructure suite. Architected to support the broadest range of virtual and cloud infrastructure needs, VMware vSphere is broadly utilized by enterprises, small and midsized businesses (SMBs), public cloud service providers and as the foundation for the growing virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) market. An increasing number of customers are standardizing on VMware vSphere as their strategic IT platform.

Turn your datacenter into a secure private cloud without throwing away existing applications, hardware and know-how. Support any application workload by bridging on-demand to a public cloud from the VMware broad ecosystem of leading cloud service providers. This hybrid cloud lets you choose the most efficient infrastructure for any application—public on-demand pay-as-you-go clouds or your internal private cloud, both built on the most trusted virtualization platform. Gain visibility into pooled resources and the elasticity you need to react to changing business requirements, as you deliver IT as a Service (ITaaS) with policy-driven automation.

With vSphere and our virtualization and cloud management products, you can:
Maximize efficiency and ensure service levels with capacity management
Automate disaster recovery plans with disaster recovery management
Ensure performance SLAs are met with performance management
Get accurate costs for delivering IT services with cost reporting management
Reduce your capital and operating costs and increase control over IT infrastructures while preserving the flexibility to choose any OS, application and hardware with VMware vSphere.

Shift your IT staff's energies toward creating transformative business solutions with built-in automation and resource elasticity
Get more from your existing IT assets and reduce capital expenses of the datacenter by up to 60%
Significantly lower power, cooling and real estate needs and cut your energy costs by up to 80%

RELEASE iNFORMATiON
CRACKER : TEAM Z.W.T
SUPPLiER : TEAM Z.W.T
PACKER : TEAM Z.W.T
RELEASE DATE : 08/22/2011
FORMAT : iSO
PLATFORM : Windows/Linux
SOFTWARE TYPE : UTIL
LANGUAGE : ENGLiSH



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                    
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                   
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	