From DistroWatch.com :
Barry Kauler has announced the release of Puppy Linux 5.1.3 'Wary' edition, a mini-distribution targeting old and low-resource computers: 'Wary is our flavour of Puppy that targets older hardware. Version 5.1.3 is mostly bug fixes and minor upgrades to 5.1.2. There have been some significant improvements at the Woof level, such as a close-box on desktop drive icons and faster boot-up. New applications: Default Applications Chooser, Urxvtset. New utilities: picscale, pngoverlay, yad. I decided to stay with SeaMonkey 1.1.18, as 2.2 has a badly broken Composer module. Also, 1.1.18 is smaller and better suited to older hardware -- FlashBlock and AddBlock plugins are included to suit those on dial-up. A couple of projects that have been upgraded in Wary and are worthy of special mention: BaCon and gtkdialog. BaCon is a superb BASIC compiler, and gtkdialog provides sophisticated GUIs for shell scripts.'
Here is a brief announcement:
Wary is our 'flavour' of Puppy that targets older hardware. Version 5.1.3 is mostly bugfixes and minor upgrades to 5.1.2. There have been some significant improvements at the Woof level, such as a close-box on desktop drive icons and faster bootup. New applications: Default Applications Chooser, Urxvtset. New utilities: picscale, pngoverlay, yad. I decided to stay with SeaMonkey 1.1.18, as 2.2 has a badly broken Composer module. Also, 1.1.18 is smaller and better suited to older hardware -- FlashBlock and AddBlock plugins are included to suit those on dialup and download-limited Internet connection. A couple of projects that have been upgraded in Wary and are worthy of special mention: BaCon and gtkdialog. BaCon is a superb BASIC compiler, and gtkdialog provides sophisticated GUIs for shell scripts. Both of these are extremely active projects, with very keen developers and users.

Further announcement and release notes: 
http://distro.ibiblio.org/quirky/wary-5.1.3/release-Wary-5.1.3.htm 

blog : http://bkhome.org/blog/
forum : http://www.murga-linux.com/puppy/

md5sum : ba887afece44e6e3c19e0ce9eeeb360c  wary-5.1.3.iso