/Lectures - Workshops - Audiobooks

(1977) Miguelito Lasky - 'Dave' from True Hallucinations - The Experiment at La Chorrera

(1982) Exploring the Abyss

(1982) Terence McKenna - The Definitive UFO Tape

(1983) Terence McKenna & Sasha Shulgin - Beyond Psychology

(1984) Terence McKenna - Shamanology - Mill Valley

(1984) Terence McKenna - True Hallucinations [320 kbps]

(1985) Terence McKenna & Friends - The Invisible Landscape (peer review)

(1986) Terence McKenna & Kat Harrison - The Rites of Spring

(1988) A Tribute To Albert Hoffmann

(1988) Terence K. McKenna and Riane Tennenhaus Eisler - Man and woman at the end of history.  

(1988) Terence McKenna & Ralph Metzner - Shamanism

(1988) Terence McKenna - Places I Have Been

(1988) The Ethnobotany of Shamanism

(1989) Terence Mckenna & Nicole Maxwell - Shamanology of the Amazon

(1989-1998) McKenna, Abraham, and Sheldrake - Trialogues - Psychedelic Salon

(1990) Terence McKenna - History Ends in Green

(1990) Terence McKenna - Thinking Allowed - Aliens and Archetypes

(1991) Michael Toms & Terence McKenna - Reviving the Archaic - A New View of Evolution

(1991) Sacred Plants As Guides

(1991) Unfolding the Stone

(1992) Alchemy and the Hermetic Tradition

(1992) Search For The Original Tree Of Knowledge

(1993) Prague Gnosis -Terence McKenna Dialogues

(1993) Terence McKenna - UFO - The Inside Outsider

(1994) Terence Mckenna - Eros & The Eschaton

(1994) Terence Mckenna - Global Perspectives & Psychedelic Poetics

(1994) Terence McKenna - Starwood - Rap Dancing Into the 3rd Millenium

(1995) Plants, Consciousness and Transformation

(1995) Surfing on Finnegan's Wake & Riding Range with Marshall McLuhan

(1995) Terence McKenna - Evolving Times

(1996) - Terence McKenna - The Winter King

(1997) Terence Mckenna - Appreciating Imagination

(1997-1999) Terence McKenna with Art Bell

(1998) Terence Mckenna & Mark Pesce - Techno-Pagans at the End of History

(1998) Terence McKenna - In the Valley of Novelty

(1998) The Evolutionary Mind - McKenna Abraham Sheldrake

(1999) Terence Mckenna - Linear Societies, Nonlinear Drugs

(1999) Terence McKenna - Shamans Among the Machines

(2000) Terence McKenna & Kat Harrison - Victorian Tales of Cannabis

/Music

(1993) Spacetime Continuum with Terence McKenna - Alien Dreamtime

(1993) Terence McKenna & Zuvuya - Dream Matrix Telemetry

(1994) Terence McKenna & Zuvuya - Shamania

(1993) Terence McKenna with Lost at Last

(2001) Journey Through the Spheres - A Tribute to Terence McKenna

(2003) Mark Pesce - The Life and Death of Terence McKenna [Opera]

/Music Single MP3s

Sorcerer - The Plasticity of Time

Funkopath - Skwirm.mp3

1200 Micrograms - Salvia Divinorum.mp3

1200_Mics_-_DMT.mp3

lO-Outro (Don't Want To Lose Your Love Dub Edit).mp3

Analogue Mindfield - Revolutionary Heartbeat .mp3

androcell-efflorescence.mp3

Capsula - Ride the Wave.mp3

Chris Organic - The Shaman (V.A. - Cosmic Communication _ 1998 ).mp3

Cosma Shiva - In Memory of Terence.mp3

Cosmic Gnostic and the Astral Travelers - Join the Explorers Club.mp3

Cosmic Gnostic and the Astral Travelers - reclaim your mind.mp3

enay_selfprogrammoid_03-if_you_think_Terence_McKenna_samples_are_cliche_think_again_motherfucker.mp3

Entheogenic - Flight of the Urubs - 01 - Skullcap.mp3

Entheogenic - Golden Cap.mp3

Entheogenic - Midnight Eyes.mp3

Enthogenic - Invisible Landscapes.mp3

Fun With Mushrooms 15. Terence McKenna Speaks.mp3

Lauge and Baba Gnohm - The Day After Yesterday.mp3

MudvayneOl Monolith.mp3

Mudvayne09 Mutatis Mutandis.mp3

Mudvaynel2 Recombinant Resurgence.mp3

Mudvaynel7 Lethal Dosage.mp3

Sheryl Crow - Chances Are (B-Side Version).mp3

Shpongle 08 - ...But Nothing is Lost.mp3

Shpongle - A New Way to Say Hooray!.mp3

Shpongle - Exhalation.mp3

Shpongle - Molecular Superstructure.mp3

slackbaba - 02 - drink more tea.mp3

Taruna_04-biosphere_terra_gaia-ys.mp3

Terrence McKenna - The Shamen Re-Evolution with Future Sound

What_Is_The_Question_Miguel_Ramirez_vbr.mp3

/Single MP3s - Lectures/Interviews

(1987) Terence McKenna - Shamanic Approaches to the UFO.mp3

(1988) Terence McKenna & Rupert Sheldrake - Forms and Mysteries.mp3

(1990) Lecture in Maryland - History Is A Psychedelic Trip!.mp3

(1991) Terence McKenna - Seeking the Stone.mp3

(1995) Metamorphosis.mp3

(1997) Terence McKenna - Sydney, Australia.mp3

Bruce Damer and Terence McKenna - Elves, Egos and Avatars.mp3

Bruce Damer, Terence McKenna and Virtual Worlds.mp3

Conversations At The Edge Of Magic.mp3

Gender Talk 162- 7-15-98 - Terence McKenna.mp3

terence mckenna - ayahuasca and it's recipies.mp3

terence mckenna - beyond psychology.mp3

terence mckenna - dmt.mp3

£1 terence mckenna - dreaming awake at the end of time.mp3

terence mckenna - eros&eschaton.mp3  

terence mckenna - food of the gods.mp3

Terence Mckenna - Gaia's Midlife Crisis.mp3

terence mckenna - i ching - habit & novelty kut 10-97.mp3

terence mckenna - light of 3rd millenium austin.mp3

terence mckenna - light of 3rd millenium chicago.mp3

terence mckenna - marijuana & hemp - unfolding the leaf kpfk.mp3

terence mckenna - metamorphosis.mp3

terence mckenna - nature is the center of the mandala.mp3

terence mckenna - personal breast beating.mp3

Terence McKenna - Psilocybin and the Sands of Time.mp3

terence mckenna - radiovalve interview.mp3

Terence Mckenna - Some Notes on Planetary Intelligence.mp3

terence mckenna - Starwood rc.mp3

terence mckenna - StateOfTheStone95 rc.mp3

terence mckenna - syntax of psychedelic time-cd2.mp3

Terence McKenna - The Angel in the Monkey.mp3

terence mckenna - the hashish eater.mp3

Terence McKenna - Vertigo At History's Edge (entire).mp3

terence mckenna - vertigo at history's edge.mp3

terence mckenna - visionplants.mp3

terence mckenna - voynich manuscript.mp3

Terence Mckenna - Wetlands - NY.mp3

UFL *06 SWR - Terence Mckenna & Christian Ratsch 7-95.mp3



Terence Kemp McKenna (November 16, 1946 – April 3, 2000) was an American researcher, philosopher, speaker, spiritual teacher and writer on many subjects. His works are wide-scoped, ranging from consciousness, the human experience, psychedelic substances and their role in societies, evolution of civilizations, origin of the universe to aliens.

Early life

Terence McKenna grew up in Paonia, Colorado. He was introduced to geology through his uncle and developed a hobby of solitary fossil hunting in the arroyos near his home. From this he developed a deep artistic and scientific appreciation of nature.

At age 16, McKenna moved to Los Altos, California to live with family friends because his parents in Colorado wished him to have the benefit of highly rated California public schools. He was introduced to psychedelics through The Doors of Perception by Aldous Huxley and the The Village Voice. McKenna claimed that one of his early psychedelic experiences with morning glory seeds showed him "that there was something there worth pursuing."

In 1964, circumstances required McKenna to move to Lancaster, California, to live with a different set of family friends. In 1965, he graduated from Antelope Valley High School.

McKenna then enrolled in U.C. Berkeley. He moved to San Francisco during the summer of 1965 before his classes began, was introduced that year to cannabis by Barry Melton and tried LSD soon after. In an audio interview Terence Mckenna claims to have started smoking cannabis regularly during the summer following his 17th birthday.

Adult life

He spent the years after his graduation teaching English in Japan, traveling through India and South Asia collecting butterflies for biological supply companies.

Following the death of his mother in 1971, Terence, his brother Dennis, and three friends traveled to the Colombian Amazon in search of oo-koo-hé, a plant preparation containing DMT. Instead of oo-koo-hé they found various forms of ayahuasca (also known as "yagé" ) and gigantic psilocybe cubensis which became the new focus of the expedition. In La Chorrera, at the urging of his brother, he allowed himself to be the subject of a psychedelic experiment which he claimed put him in contact with Logos: an informative, divine voice he believed was universal to visionary religious experience. The revelations of this voice, and his brother's peculiar experience during the experiment, prompted him to explore the structure of an early form of the I Ching, which led to his "Novelty Theory". These ideas were explored extensively by Terence and Dennis in their 1975 book The Invisible Landscape - Mind Hallucinogens and The I Ching.

In the early 1980s, McKenna began to speak publicly on the topic of psychedelic drugs, lecturing extensively and conducting weekend workshops. Though somewhat associated with the New Age or human potential movement, McKenna himself had little patience for New Age sensibilities, repeatedly stressing the importance and primacy of felt experience as opposed to dogmatic ideologies. Timothy Leary once introduced him as "one of the five or six most important people on the planet"

As a freshman at U.C. Berkeley, McKenna participated in the Tussman Experimental College, a short-lived two-year program on the Berkeley campus. He graduated in 1969 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Ecology and Conservation.

He soon became a fixture of popular counterculture, and his popularity continued to grow, culminating in the early to mid-1990s with the publication of several books such as True Hallucinations (which relates the tale of his 1971 experience at La Chorrera), Food of the Gods and The Archaic Revival. He became a popular personality in the psychedelic rave/dance scene of the early 1990s, with frequent spoken word performances at raves and contributions to psychedelic and goa trance albums by The Shamen, Spacetime Continuum, Alien Project, Capsula, Entheogenic, Zuvuya, Shpongle, and Shakti Twins. His speeches were (and continue to be) sampled by many others. In 1994 he appeared as a speaker at the Starwood Festival, which was documented in the book Tripping by Charles Hayes (his lectures were produced on both cassette tape and CD).

McKenna was a contemporary and colleague of chaos mathematician Ralph Abraham and biologist Rupert Sheldrake (creator of the theory of "morphogenetic fields", not to be confused with the mainstream usage of the same term), and conducted several public debates known as trialogues with them, from the late 1980s up until his death. Books which contained transcriptions of some of these events were published. He was also a friend and associate of Ralph Metzner, Nicole Maxwell, and Riane Eisler, participating in joint workshops and symposia with them. He was a personal friend of Tom Robbins, and influenced the thought of numerous scientists, writers, artists, and entertainers, including comedian Bill Hicks, whose routines concerning psychedelic drugs drew heavily from McKenna's works. He is also the inspiration for the Twin Peaks character Dr. Jacoby.

In addition to psychedelic drugs, McKenna spoke on the subjects of virtual reality (which he saw as a way to artistically communicate the experience of psychedelics), techno-paganism, artificial intelligence, evolution, extraterrestrials, and aesthetic theory (art/visual experience as information-- representing the significance of hallucinatory visions experienced under the influence of psychedelics).

McKenna also co-founded Botanical Dimensions with Kathleen Harrison (his colleague and wife of 17 years), a non-profit ethnobotanical preserve on the island of Hawaii, where he lived for many years before he died. Before moving to Hawaii permanently, McKenna split his time between Hawaii and the town of Occidental, located in the redwood studded hills of Sonoma County, California; a town unique for its high concentration of artistic notables, including Tom Waits and Mickey Hart.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terence_McKenna
 
http://www.terencemckenna.com
 
http://deoxy.org/mckenna.htm
 
http://2012wiki.com/index.php?title=Novelty_theory
 
http://www.levity.com/eschaton/tm.html
 
http://www.erowid.org/culture/characters/mckenna_terence/mckenna_terence.shtml
 
http://www.well.com/user/dpd/botdim.html