
Japan Quake & Tsunami
---------------------
Date: 03-10-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: Lucy Wyatt, Craig Hulet, Mitch Battros, Stan Deyo


Coverage of the breaking story of the huge 8.9 quake that struck northeastern Japan began in the latter half of the second hour. First, earth changes expert Mitch Battros joined the program, citing 10 M class flares from sunspots 1166 & 1163 during the last 48 hours as a possible cause for the quake. A large X class flare is likely within the next 2 weeks, he added. In addition to earthquakes, and tsunamis, we should watch out for volcanoes, and not just in the Ring of Fire area, he added. 

In the next segment, author and researcher Stan Deyo suggested that fluctuations in the gravitational field could be related to increased quake activity. "If the 8.9 shockwave over in Japan (related images) comes across and triggers the Juan de Fuca (tectonic) plate (between Washington and Oregon)-- it has an equally large stress build-up, around a Richter 9," he warned. Metaphysician and author Stuart Wilde appeared briefly during the last hour, discussing some of his predictions of earth calamities. Throughout the evening, callers phoned in with updates, including a man in Tokyo who shared his experience of the intense quake, and reactions in the city. 

Ancient Cities:
Appearing during the first half of the second hour, independent researcher Lucy Wyatt discussed her journey discovering the origins of civilizations and cities. We've been told that ancient civilizations were agricultural communities, yet evidence shows that cities were more prevalent then farms back then, she reported. Wyatt also talked about the building of ancient stone structures like the pyramids, and the role shamans may have played in their construction. 

Middle East Analysis:
First hour guest, analyst Craig B. Hulet commented on the turmoil in the Middle East. Revolutions taking place in countries such as Libya won't necessarily lead to democracies, he cautioned. He also critiqued the American system, saying we really have more of an oligarchy than a democracy here. 

News segment guests: Jim Berkland, James McCanney


Websites:
approachingchaos.co.uk
craigbhulet.com
earthchangesmedia.com
standeyo.com
stuartwilde.com

Books:
Approaching Chaos: Could an Ancient Archetype Save C21st Civilization?
The Hydra of Carnage
Solar Rain
Dare to Prepare
Grace, Gaia, and the End of Days