These are 121 classic novels from Barnes and Noble's Classics Series. Each has excellent formatting, explanatory endnotes, introductions, etc. Many also have illustrations. These are the original EPUB files.

This is the biggest set of the B&N Classics on this server at this date. Still missing 80 books, upload them if you got them as it would be nice to have the whole set. Check out "classics_need.txt" in this torrent for a list.

This library is in a Calibre database. You can pickout the epub files individually, but it's much more pleasant to use Calibre, that way you get the book covers and metadata.




EPUBS:

A Christmas Carol, the Chimes and the Cricket on the Hearth - Charles Dickens.epub
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court - Mark Twain.epub
A Room with a View - E. M. Forster.epub
A Tale of Two Cities - Charles Dickens.epub
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn - Mark Twain.epub
Aesop's Fables - Aesop.epub
Agnes Grey - Anne Bronte.epub
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass - Lewis Carroll.epub
Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy.epub
Babbitt - Sinclair Lewis.epub
Beowulf - Anonymous.epub
Bleak House - Charles Dickens.epub
Bulfinch's Mythology - Thomas Bulfinch.epub
Candide, Or, Optimism - Voltaire.epub
Common Sense and Other Writings - Thomas Paine.epub
Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky.epub
Cyrano De Bergerac - Edmond Rostand.epub
Daisy Miller and Washington Square - Henry James.epub
Dead Souls - Nikolai Gogol.epub
Dracula - Bram Stoker.epub
Emma - Jane Austen.epub
Essays and Poems by Ralph Waldo Emerson - Ralph Waldo Emerson.epub
Ethan Frome and Selected Stories - Edith Wharton.epub
Fairy Tales - Hans Christian Andersen.epub
Far From the Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy.epub
Frankenstein - Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley.epub
Great Expectations - Charles Dickens.epub
Grimm's Fairy Tales - Jacob Grimm.epub
Gulliver's Travels - Jonathan Swift.epub
Heart of Darkness and Selected Short Fiction - Joseph Conrad.epub
Ivanhoe - Marianna Mayer.epub
Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte.epub
Journey to the Center of the Earth - Jules Verne.epub
Kim - Rudyard Kipling.epub
King Solomon's Mines - H. Rider Haggard.epub
Lady Chatterley's Lover!_ The Comic Book - Hunt Emerson.epub
Leaves of Grass - Walt Whitman.epub
Les Liaisons Dangereuses - Peirre Choderlos de Laclos.epub
Les Miserables - Victor Hugo.epub
Little Women - Louisa May Alcott.epub
Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert.epub
Maggie_ A Girl of the Streets and Other Writings About New York - Stephen Crane.epub
Main Street - Sinclair Lewis.epub
ansfield Park - Jane Austen.epub
Moby-Dick - Herman Melville.epub
Moll Flanders - Daniel Defoe.epub
My Antonia - Willa Cather.epub
Nana Volume I [Easyread Large Edition] - Emile Zola.epub
Narrative of Sojourner Truth - Sojourner Truth.epub
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave - Frederick Douglass.epub
Night and Day - Virginia Woolf.epub
Northanger Abbey - Tim Luscombe.epub
O Pioneers! - Willa Cather.epub
Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens.epub
Persuasion - Jane Austen.epub
Peter Pan - J. M. Barrie.epub
Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen.epub
Pygmalion and Three Other Plays - George Bernard Shaw.epub
Sailing Alone Around the World (Webster's Korean Thesaurus Edition) - Icon Group International_ Inc. Staff.epub
Selected Stories of O. Henry - O. Henry.epub
Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen.epub
Sentimental Education - Gustave Flaubert.epub
Sister Carrie (Sparklesoup Classics) - Theodore Dreiser.epub
Sons and Lovers - D. H. Lawrence.epub
Tarzan of the Apes - Edgar Rice Burroughs.epub
Tess of the D'Urbervilles, Introduction and Notes by David Galef - Thomas Hardy.epub
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer - Mark Twain.epub
The Age of Innocence - Edith Wharton.epub
The Arabian Nights - Anonymous.epub
The Beautiful and Damned - F. Scott Fitzgerald.epub
The Call of the Wild and White Fang - Jack London.epub
The Canterbury Tales - Geoffrey Chaucer.epub
The Collected Poems of Emily Dickinson - Emily Dickinson.epub
The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Volume I - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.epub
The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Volume II - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.epub
The Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas.epub
The Enchanted Castle and Five Children and It - Edith Nesbit.epub
The Essential Tales and Poems of Edgar Allan Poe - Edgar Allan Poe.epub
The Federalist - Alexander Hamilton.epub
The Histories - Herodotus.epub
The House of Mirth - Edith Wharton.epub
The Hunchback of Notre Dame - Victor Hugo.epub
The Iliad - Homer.epub
The Inferno - Dante Alighieri.epub
The Jungle - Upton Sinclair.epub
The Jungle Books - Rudyard Kipling.epub
The Last of the Mohicans - James Fenimore Cooper.epub
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Other Writings - Washington Irving.epub
The Life of Charlotte Bronte - Elizabeth Gaskell.epub
The Man in the Iron Mask (An Essay) (Webster's French Thesaurus Edition) - Icon Group International_ Inc. Staff.epub
The Metamorphosis and Other Stories - Franz Kafka.epub
The Odyssey - Homer.epub
The Origin of Species - Charles Darwin.epub
The Phantom of the Opera - Gaston Leroux.epub
The Picture of Dorian Gray - Oscar Wilde.epub
The Portrait of a Lady - Henry James.epub
The Prince and the Pauper - Mark Twain.epub
The Red Badge of Courage and Selected Short Fiction - Stephen Crane.epub
The Scarlet Letter - Nathaniel Hawthorne.epub
The Secret Garden - Pauline Francis.epub
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories - Robert Louis Stevenson.epub
The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas.epub
The Time Machine and the Invisible Man - H. G. Wells.epub
The Voyage Out - Virginia Woolf.epub
The War of the Worlds - H. G. Wells.epub
The Waste Land and Other Poems - T. S. Eliot.epub
The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame.epub
The Secret Garden - Pauline Francis.epub
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories - Robert Louis Stevenson.epub
The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas.epub
The Time Machine and the Invisible Man - H. G. Wells.epub
The Voyage Out - Virginia Woolf.epub
The War of the Worlds - H. G. Wells.epub
The Waste Land and Other Poems - T. S. Eliot.epub
The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame.epub
The Wings of the Dove - Henry James.epub
The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins.epub
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz - L. Frank Baum.epub
This Side of Paradise (Webster's French Thesaurus Edition) - Icon Reference.epub
Treasure Island - Chris Tait.epub
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea - Jules Verne.epub
Two Years Before the Mast - Richard Henry Dana.epub
Uncle Tom's Cabin - Harriet Beecher Stowe.epub
Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray.epub
Villette - Charlotte Bronte.epub
Walden and Civil Disobedience - Henry David Thoreau.epub
Wives and Daughters - Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell.epub
Women in Love - David Herbert Lawrence.epub
Wuthering Heights - Lynda Rich Spiegel.epub


Enjoy and Seed!!