Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth  



Entire Collection can be found here: 

POtHS - Japanese Officials  LIE - NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST  - 4 UNITS NOW CONFIRMED - MELTDOWN - Pray for Japan

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


POtHS - Japanese Officials  LIE  - NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST - 4 UNITS NOW CONFIRMED - MELTDOWN
Why isn't the NEWS MEDIA telling us The Truth, where are the NEWS REPORTERS, reporting this Holocaust. For God's sake I am just an old fart on computer that can read and watch the news. I have reports that show 4 Reactors have now melted down with 7 more in line to melt down.

This disaster was NOT Created be a BIG MOON. This has ILLUMINATI Written all over it. Alex Jones who is almost right on, on everything, has completely gone NEW AGE ON THIS ONE. He had some sueth sayer Predict an Earthquake some where in The World Between March 11 and March 15. Big Deal. His contact is channeling spirits like David Icke who Alex is now in Bed with on a SURVIVAL SERIES.

Here is my Prediction, 11 new earthquakes in Japan Today. Maybe More.  Piece of cake this prediction crap. Come back Home Alex.

Just like WTC 911, This incident has The Illuminati fingerprint of The NUMBER (11) all over it.


Description: If you don't know Jesus, now would be a good time to get started. Check it out below.

65 Videos less than 4 hours old. Live coverage from everywhere. Amazing End Times Prophecy being fulfilled NOW.
There is a major Story being followed closely atthe Possible Meltdown of 1 or more Nuclear Reactors in Japan.
 
http://www.foxnews.com/world/2011/03/12/shaking-smoke-seen-japanese-nuclear-plant-facing-possible-meltdown/
I know it's FOX but here's what they are reporting about a meltdown.

What I read into the Article was the OUTER shell of The Reactor was damaged. That seems to mean that there is now NO BACKUP for containment of Nuclear material should the metal reactor where the rods do there job was to ruptured. Reports NOW say that air has come into contact with Fuel Rods. If that is the Case the Meltdown is probaly underway. So now there is no backup for radiation containment should The Reactor Meltdown. Just think if 1, one, uno little missile fired from a Drone, controlled from a building in Nevada could kill us all. This is reassuring.


type POtHS in your search window for more info, or just Google POtHS


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.


RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.





           ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:  Thank You JESUS       