TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Jewel Quest 6 The Sapphire Dragon Collectors Edition v1.1
(c) 2011 iWin Games

Date: 10/20/2011
Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type: Other: Armadillo, Precracked
RELEASE NOTES

While piloting his Cessna in a Himalayan snowstorm, Raj
crash-lands on a frozen mountain, thus kicking off the adventure
in Jewel Quest 6: The Sapphire Dragon. Rajs crash has led him to
a chance discovery of the Temple of Wishes, an ancient complex
thought to be only legend! Raj assembles a team to explore the
temple, but plans change suddenly when the team encounters a gang
of ruthless pirates!

Rajs hotshot team of archaeologists is led on a quest around the
globe in pursuit of Jiang Hao and her pirate posse. On their
journey, the group must use their skills to uncover secrets about
the Sapphire Dragon. The threats to their lives are constant, yet
romance is in the air as a love triangle forms between three of
the friends. Discover whose heart will melt and whose will be
broken as you become part of the team. Take on the treacherous
sea and brave a raging volcano to catch your nemesis and solve
the mystery. The journey will lead you through 200 brand new
jewel boards as you unearth ancient wonders and discover the
secret behind the elusive Sapphire Dragon in Jewel Quest 6

Features:

Play 200 action-packed Jewel Boards, and challenge yourself
with hidden bonus boards
Travel from Nepal, to China and the Mediterranean to learn the
secret behind the fabled Sapphire Dragon
You asked for it! New Multi Matching Feature lets you swap
jewels non-stop while others are moving
Also by popular demand: Choose your own difficulty mode, from
Relaxed to Advanced!
Choose from five adventurous characters to help you solve each
jewel board. Each character has unique abilities that develop
as you play!
Tackle new challenges in 8 never-before-seen jewel modes. Can
you solve the board before it becomes floodedor discover
all-new jewel types?

Collector's Edition Features:

40 Bonus Jewel Boards
Strategy Guide
Concept Art
Wallpapers & Screensaver

System Requirements:

Operating System: Windows XP or better
Processor: Pentium 4 or better
Processor Speed: 1GHz or better
System RAM: 1024 MB or more
Video RAM: 64 MB or more
Video DriverirectX 9 or better
Hard Drive: 250 MB free hard drive space or more
Resolution: 800x600 or higher

For More Info Visit: 
http://www.iwin.com/games/jewel-quest-the-sapphire-dragon
collectors-edition

TE Release Filename: tjq6c11x.zip

Quote:
INSTALLATION NOTES

Install Setup.exe. Crack is preinstalled, launch the game from
the shortcut

Thats it! Enjoy



T E 2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker, Hate The Code