Description
Everyone needs to edit images at some point, but not everyone has the time to learn super pricey wizbang image editing programs. This is why we created Acorn. Add text and shapes to your digital pictures. Combine images together to create your own. Work with layers to touch up your favorites or make something new from scratch. Do all this and more with Acorn.

Palette: All of the tools condense into one easy to use palette to keep your screen uncluttered and inviting. Easily move the palette around if it gets in your way, or press the tab key to make it hide.

Layers: Use layers and blending modes to make the most of photo editing by allowing easy placement of text and other objects without destroying the picture underneath. Layers allow you to try things out, and change your mind later on. 

Tutorials and Documentation: Acorn comes with online documentation and tutorials, so you don't have to learn by yourself. 

Text: Acorn's text tools give you control over text while maintaining an easy to use interface. Everything is in the text palette from bold and italic to kern and ligature. There's even spell check, because we need it. Since Acorn's text tools build on top of Mac OS X's, you get full unicode support, and rich text formatting. 

Drawing: Acorn features brushes that let you draw, scribble, and sketch right on your image. Use a track pad, mouse, or even a tablet. 

Layer Masks: Use layer masks in your image to block out unwanted areas of your image or to expose layers below.

Filters: Acorn has all of the filters you're looking for, and even includes a great interface to chain filters together to create unique effects. 

Vector Shapes: Vector shapes let you make squares, circles and lines, but keep the flexibility of changing things later on. Acorn makes adding shapes to your image a breeze. 

Screenshots: As long as Acorn is open, press the Command-Shift-6 keys while in any application. Acorn will make a screenshot of your whole screen. Your image will be brought into Acorn immediately, ready for work. 

Selections: Make different shaped selections, invert them, feather, even add a corner radius. Or, if you're looking to quickly select an entire color, try using the Magic Wand for some quick changes. 

Web Export: When you need to get that image size smaller and still looking good for the web, take a look at Web Export. Acorn provides an estimate for the export file size and lets you compare the compressed version to the original. 

Performance: Acorn goes all the way up to 64. Bits that is. And along with running on your computer's 64 bit Intel chip, Acorn utilizes your graphics processor unit (GPU) for additional graphics power where appropriate. Less waiting equals more time creating. 

Automate and script Acorn: Automate Acorn using Automator, Applescript, and even Javascript by way of JSTalk. And there are plenty of examples for you to build on. You can even write custom plugins for Acorn using the Python scripting language, Javascript, as well as in Objective-C.

Instructions

1. Unzip
2. Move .app to the Applications Folder
3. Generate a Serial using the Keygen
4. Register the App
5. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks

A Team ReApp Release