Pokemon 2000, AKA Lugia's Explosive Birth.


Another one posted on Freenet some time ago, and which I now relay here for wider distribution. Good choice of languages (The English audio slightly padded to correct for censored scenes in the English-language release). It's a pokemon film, so of course it's not great, but... if you're a pokemon fan, then this one is at least decent enough. Plus it inspired lots of 34ing, which I approve of.



The associated text file reads:
------
A note of explanation: If you are listening to this film in english, then at two points in the film the audio will be replaced with a tick-tock sound. This is inserted because two scenes were cut from the english-language dub of the film - padding is required to fill in the empty space in the audio and so maintain sync with the video, which is from the uncut Japanese version. MetP does apologise for this awkwardness, but also wishes to direct the blame at the appropriate parties: Fox television and 4Kids. I've checked everywhere for these, and a complete eng-lang audio just does not exist. It was never made.

For the curious though, Bulbapedia does say what the two scenes were:
- "A portion of Professor Oak's explanation of what was causing the weather disturbance was cut. In it, Professor Oak theorized that life on earth was started by a chemical reaction that began when lightning struck volcanic seawater on the young planet."

- "When the Pokémon are attempting to free the legendary birds, ThunderShock, Water Gun, and Flamethrower are used simultaneously. Tracey's explanation, which was cut from the dub, is that "electricity, plus fire, plus water... electricity separates water into hydrogen and oxygen, which is then recombined using fire which means—Everybody get down!""

Yes. Pokemon was censored. To avoid upsetting creationists.

I feel very angry upon learning this.


Aside from that, this is a well-made rip. High-quality video in a fairly compact file. Dual Jap and Eng audio. Subtitles in Eng, Chinese (Both traditional and simplified) and Spanish. More languages would have been nice, but a through search of web and p2ps just couldn't find any others to include.