More than a dozen nations tried to warn U.S. authorities that the country was about to be attacked, as documented in my book The Terror Conspiracy. Incredibly, such warnings came from members of the Taliban in Afghanistan and even from Fidel Castro in Cuba.

Then there is the issue of war game exercises being conducted on the morning of the attacks. The fact of these exercises was initially denied and accused of being an Internet rumor. But, more than a year after 9/11, National Security Council counter-terrorism chief Richard A. Clarke acknowledged these exercises, which may have played an important role in confusing the U.S. defense systems’ response. In his book Against All Enemies, Clarke stated that when he first contacted the acting chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Richard Meyers, to see if any interceptors had been launched, Meyers responded, “We’re in the middle of ‘Vigilant Warrior,’ a NORAD [North American Aerospace Defense Command] exercise …” When Lt. Col. Dawne Deskins, a NORAD airborne control and warning officer, received word regarding the hijackings, she immediately thought, “It must be part of the exercise.”

Army Sgt. Lauro “LJ” Chevez, who participated in the war games exercises as a member of the U.S. Central Command headquarters staff in Florida, said this was the first military exercise that he had ever participated in that was classified “Top Secret.” Chevez dropped several bombshells in his account of that day—he noted that Vice President Dick Cheney had become the first civilian to take command of NORAD only weeks before 9/11; that the war game exercises included a scenario in which a hijacked commercial airliner was crashed into one of the World Trade Center towers (“What are the odds this could happen for real?” Chevez quoted staffers as asking); that false images called “inputs” representing several hijacked aircraft were placed on radar screens creating confusion over what was real; and that a superior officer said that Cheney had issued a “stand down” order to jet interceptors.