IT'S ONLY WHEN WE'VE LOST EVERYTHiNG THAT WE ARE FREE TO DO ANYTHiNG

ascii:
pH7 & ph0 of SiLK

King.Arthur.II.The.Roleplaying.Wargame.FIX-FiGHTCLUB

Date................. 28/01/2012 Game Type.................Strategy
Size....................... Tiny Protection
Packer............... Angel Face Cracker

 
| About this fix:                                               |
|                                                               |
|                                                               |
| The previous release had a bug by the developer where you had |
| no cursor. Here is a quick fix from us. Have fun playing.     |
|

Critically praised by reviewers and gamers alike, King Arthur was
received one of the biggest surprises to emerge on the gaming
scene in 2010. Now the Fantasy/Roleplaying RTS returns in a
sequel set to push the boundaries of the genre even further

Our story begins long after young Arthur pulled the enchanted sword
out of the stone, united the war-torn land of Britannia, gathered
the Knights of the Round Table and secured peace in Camelot aided
by the might of the Holy Grail. Where legends normally end, King
Arthur II begins on its own gruesome tale

Features

Dark fantasy setting. King Arthur is now the Maimed King, trying
to mend a land torn asunder as he strives to heal himself

Intense boss fights, where the hero s forces are pitted against
unique and terrifying foes

Lose yourself in a stunning story that unfolds over a huge 3D
campaign map featuring knightly quests and other special events

Wide range of camera control options, revised animations and an
extensive tutorial creating a more accessible and visually
stunning experience

Experience huge real-time battles featuring thousands of
soldiers and flying fantasy monsters

Battle enemies which employ unique war tactics and cast
fantastic spells

Your choices will unlock special content, spells and units with
plenty of new and unique possibilities with every choice

Lead major heroes who possess extraordinary powers

Note:

We never claimed the prologue campaign was the entire game
try reading the NFO next time

1. Unpack the files to the destination folder of your
installed game, overwrite when prompted

2. If you like the game: BUY it! Support good games

At the moment we're looking for a few things and please feel
free to contact us:

Game suppliers from shop

Game suppliers from digital distribution (Steam, D2D, etc!)

Game Beta suppliers

Skilled and motivated crackers&keygenners

ascii: pH7 & ph0 of SiLK (2011)


ENJOY!