



POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 04 - Secret Societies - Illuminati - 01


 


POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 04 - Secret Societies - Illuminati - 01




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director:

These Elite Illuminati Bastards are the Most Sinister, Ruthless Scumbags that have walked the Face of The Earth. They serve their god well. They serve Lucifer. Like Christians worship Jesus these Elite scumbags Worship their god LUCIFER or Satan. He has more than 30 Names in Bible.

This next Fact proves they are evil. If the 200 richest families on Earth would donate just 4% of their WEALTH.  Would you give 4% of everything you owned to House, Cloth and Feed the entire population of the World??? Just 4% of their wealth to end suffering and feed the starving children. Of course you would.  They laugh at USa, they call us Cannon Fodder and Cattle, inject us with poison vaccines and put poison in our water and food supplies.

Look around everything is 180 degrees turned around backwards. Obama and the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! He is the biggest war president the World has ever seen.

Discription -


The Illuminati & The New World Order Bush Blair Chinese 4 parts:
the Origins of The Illumunati, The Freemasons, and who is really running Religion in The World. I don't care who you are, you will be PISSED OFF, WHEN YOU SEE THE LIES that we have been told by the Establishment for Centuries. These SCUMBAGS think they are following Gods Way. They are following their Gods Way. What God does the World Government religions worship? Not Yahweh, not Jesus Christ and definitely not The Holy Spirit. So which God do they follow? Not God but which Gods would be the correct question. This is a New Series, however if you have been downloading my torrents recently, you will find MANY duplicates here that you have previously downloaded. This series will show how the Illuminati have been planning for thousands of years a NWO with ONE Government and ONE Religion and ONE World Leader. These first few downloads are about the Founding of America and the Founders themselves. After some American History about how we got here and the Real force behind the NWO, we will go back thousands of years to the Original Culprits... The Bloodline of The Nephilim to the Bloodline of Todays World Leaders. The Story of Babylon The Great is Falling was published about 30 years ago. It is the Story of America and what is in Store for America very soon. So far everything Jack Hook has written has come to be...


Mystery Babylon and the Illuminati -The Hidden Elite of Israel, America and Russia and their quest for global domination - Texe Marrs:
Have the Rothschilds and other Judeo-Masonic conspirators controlled America behind the scenes for over 225 years?  Did they secretly fund the American Revolution and bankroll the continental army of General George Washington?  Do they today manipulate our economy, our culture, and our politicians?

In 1945 this wealthy and powerful band of Jewish cabalists set up the puppet United Nations.  In 1948, they founded the theocratic state of Israel in the Middle East.  More recently, they installed Bill Clinton and George W. Bush in the White House and elevated Russian KGB Chief Vladimir Putin to power in the Kremlin.  Their minions now oversee the media and Hollywood and are in charge of America's CIA, FBI, and Federal Reserve banking system.

What do these diabolical plotters intend to do next?  Discover their bold agenda and learn of the ultimate fate of the world's hidden elite in this fascinating documentary video, Illuminati Mystery Babylon.


ILLUMINATI New World Order - Photos of EVIL (many photos) are included.

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

[size=18][b]JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS



 



 
  