------------------------------------2004-------------------------------------

\"Music, even in situations of the greatest horror, should never be painful to the ear but should flatter and charm it, and thereby always remain music.\"
~Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart


What does music mean to you? If you\'re like most people, it\'s just a resort. A place to run for hapiness, or perhaps a place to hide from sorrow. It\'s a way of expressing anger, emotion, joy and love. It\'s a genuine feeling to let your best friend listen to your favorite song and them bob their head. Music could set the soul on fire, send it burning high and proud then leave it tumbling to the ground. Music could mean anything.

And then there\'s Farewell Unknown.

Music in Farewell Unknown\'s eyes all started in August of 2002. To vocalist Joel Rabara (Soft Spoken) and Drew (Flite 26), who first met in high school while living large, starting a band seemed like the cool thing to do (you all know how that goes). Heaven was playing in front of the buddies while they hit the G.B. After landing a bassist, they recorded their first demo, entitled Youth Forgotten, in the fall of 2002, just a few months after establishing their false sense of fulfillment. The 4 song demo, which was everything short of a platinum record, turned heads from all over town. Shortly after, they appeared in the Sacramento Bee just before starting the gigs.

Music means friends

They recorded their first EP in the summer of 2003, entitled \"Tomorrow\'s Promises\". After adding guitarist Will Swan (Here Lies Ink, Translucent, Kut-Chord) to the lineup, and with it saying goodbye to Joel\'s blink 182 influ-input, their sound was almost complete. By then they had attracted the voices of several record labels, but they felt their sound was not yet complete.

Music means a ticket to stardom

In the fall of 2003, they released yet another 3 song demo, including their popular hit \"Right Where You Fall\", which was featured on the Tragedy Productions Compliation CD. The cd was later reviewed by Acclaimedpunk.com, and Farewell Unknown\'s \"Right Where You Fall\" was one of three standout tracks on the compilation. By then, Farewell Unknown was slowly taking steps to the right direction of the sound they would eventually become. They blended screaming dual solo guitar riffs with unique drum beats to keep your heart pumping, all topped off with layered vocals streaming lyrics that can only stick to your head, whipped cream and a cherry on top.

Music means sacrifice

By the summer of 2004, they had played with bands such as The Reunion Show (Victory Records), Somehow Hollow (Victory Records), Fairview (Side Cho Records), The Prize Fight (ECA Records), Five Minute Ride (720 Records), No Avail, Plans For Revenge, Chances Are, Gooser, and numerous other great bands. It was just before guitarist Alvaro Alcaca and Bassist/Vocalist Eric Lodge (Freeride) completed the lineup that Farewell Unknown was picked up by Less Avenged Records out of the bustling music city of Seattle, Washington. They are set to release their highly anticipated sophomore ep, titled \"The Fourty Day Fakeout\" in late August, while touring the western United States.

Music means success

They are blessed with the greatest fans anywhere in the country--Sacramento local music fans. They recieve neverending support by the Less Avenged Records staff, the 720 Records staff, Ken at the Underground Cafe, and the staff over at Tragedy Clothing and Productions as well as all the bands in Sacramento. While the five guys continue use their unique skills to push themselves to the top, wherever that may be, they all have one thing in common--they know that music is a lifestyle...it gets them from one day to the next.

Music means love


Farewell Unknown is:
Drew Ochwat-Drums, Bong
Will Swan-Guitars, Vocals
Alvaro Alcaca-Guitars, Vocals
Eric Lodge-Bass, Vocals
Joel Rabara-Vocals

------------------------------------2005-------------------------------------

Drew was replaced by Matt Mingus on drums and Jon Mess did some vocals. Farewell Unknown is no longer a band. Joel Rabara (vocals) is now keyboard/vocals for mozart season
Other former members of Farewell Unknown, Will (guitar) Alvaro (guitar) Eric (bass) and matt (drums) have started a another project, which is currently without a name.

-------------------------------------Now-------------------------------------

The band went on to form Dance Gavin Dance which has gone through many member changes but are back with many of FU lineup (Eric, Jon Mess, Matt and Will)
The Dance Gavin Dance song \"Burning Down The Nicotine Armoire Pt. 2\" is a remake of the Farewell Unknown song \"Your Last Lullaby\"