This torrent is also available on KAT. It is an AVI file on both sites.
OR http://www.kat.ph/i-remember-me-2000-falcon
-t6085119.html


I downloaded this movie from KAT, but the torrent had only one seed who is only online a couple of hours a day and not every day. The download speed averaged under 2 kb/s. Since I downloaded the torrent files, it was removed from KAT (I assume this was because the swarm looked dead most of the time).
I WILL BE SEEDING THIS TORRENT INDEFINITELY. I am a CFIDS (Chronic Fatigue Immune Deficiency Syndrome) [aka CFS] patient and I want everyone to get a chance to see this. I would appreciate it if everyone would see for as long as they can, but I understand that not everyone can. If someone is willing to add this to their seed-box (or similar account/service), I'd GREATLY appreciate it.
My upload speed is ABYSMAL (Cable from "Comc***"), so please be patient and it does go out for 1-2 minutes one to three times a day. IF YOU SEE ZERO SEEDS, THAT IS INCORRECT.

Plot Summary from IMDB
 "In 1984-85, people at Lake Tahoe fell ill with flu symptoms, but they didn't get better. Medical literature documents similar outbreaks: in 1934 at LA county hospital, in 1948-49 in Iceland, in 1956 in Punta Gorda, Florida. The malady now has a name, chronic fatigue syndrome, and filmmaker Kim Snyder, who suffered from the disease for several years, tells her story and talks to victims and their families, and to physicians and researchers: is it viral, it is psychosomatic, is it one disease or several (a syndrome) ; what's the CDC doing about it; what's it like to have a disease that's not yet understood? Her inquiry takes her to Punta Gorda and to a high-school graduation."
Wikipedia
I Remember Me (2000) is a is a biographical documentary about chronic fatigue syndrome, filmed in the United States by Kim A. Snyder. The film attempts to show just how devastating the illness can be to persons afflicted with the illness.
Snyder's travels are chronicled for four years as she tries to find answers about the mysterious illness she was diagnosed with. The motivation for Snyder was her fluctuating partial improvements followed by relapses of debilitating symptoms she experienced. Snyder was given many contradictory diagnoses for her symptoms along with various drugs that were of no help to her.
The movie explains that there are medical experts that refuse to believe the illness exists, and among those that do, no one knows what causes it, how a person acquires it, or how it may be cured.
Snyder's movie researches the history of the disease which takes her to Florida where a cluster outbreak occurred in 1956, and to Lake Tahoe Nevada where many people became ill in the mid-1980s. The Florida victims were women who were "described in a medical journal as having hysterical paralysis." She interviewed several of the women who became ill and later recovered. A group still meets to discuss their experiences with the illness. The Nevada group was a severe outbreak and Snyder interviewed treating doctor Daniel Peterson along with several of his patients. Peterson describes how the Centers for Disease Control investigated, but he does not believe that they intended to take the illness seriously. Peterson takes the illness very seriously, and seven of his patients have committed suicide.
Several other notable individuals with Chronic fatigue syndrome are interviewed, and they clearly express their lengthy "excruciating misery" in battling the illness. The interviews included movie director Blake Edwards, United States Olympic soccer gold medalist Michelle Akers, and a high school senior in Connecticut, bedridden for two years who is transported by ambulance to his high school graduation.
Snyder thoroughly investigates the illness but by the end of the movie few of the answers she sought at the beginning of her quest have been found.[2]
Snyder is a New York-based filmmaker who has worked widely on not-for-profit projects in the film world. Kim was struck down with CFIDS (Chronic Fatigue Immune Dysfunction Syndrome) in the mid-1990s while working as an assistant producer with Jodie Foster on Home For the Holidays

FULL Wikipedia article is available at:

ENJOY!!! (And learn)