Nugus Martin Productions has accumulated probably the best collection of rare and unseen footage of World War II in the world. By using the very latest colorization techniques it is now possible to show the full story of World War II as it has never been fully seen before. With the very latest satellite delivered terrain mapping and state of the art graphics this story can now be told with the very latest access to information which was not previously available to other older series.

Conventional wisdom has recently changed as more and more secrets have been revealed particularly in the last five to ten years as documents, files and photographs have been released. Code breaking revelations, and newly released government papers on both sides of the Atlantic have added a very insightful new dimension to the understanding of this the worlds' greatest ever conflict. Narrated by English actor Robert Powell, WORLD WAR II IN HD COLOUR is a vivid, in-depth experience that provides viewers with new insights and information.

Also Known As: World War II in Colour and HD

Colourisation and Restoration : Westwing Studios Inc.
Executive Producer : Matthew Barrett

Nugus/Martin Productions (2009)


Episode 7 : Turning the Tide

Both the Allies and the Nazis were always looking for a single knock-out blow to end the war. Britain's Sir Arthur "Bomber" Harris thought the answer might lie in "strategic bombing." The idea was to blow the belt out of Germany's infrastructure and cities. This, he argued, would cripple the Nazis ability to wage a war and the ordinary people would soon lose the will to fight. But it led directly to the tragedy of Dresden, when Allied planes firebombed tens of thousands of ordinary Germans. The Germans believed that the decisive stranglehold would come from their submarines. If they could only cut American supply lines to Britain across the Atlantic, then the Allied effort would collapse. So begun a long game of cat and mouse between U-Boats and British and American convoys.


Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2016 kbps
Video Resolution: 608x352
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.727:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 51:27.720
Number Of Parts: 13
Part Size: 855,058,432 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08