Works of Sri Sankaracharya[Team Nanban][TPB]

Sri Vani Vilas Press | 1910 | PDF | RELIGIOUS | Sanskrit

SHORT DESCRIPTION ON SRI AADI SANKARAACHARYA:

Adi Sankaracharya (788-821 CE) was a great saint & philosopher who consolidated 
the doctrine of Advaita Vedanta, a sub-school of Vedanta. His teachings are based on 
the unity of the soul and Brahman, in which Brahman is viewed as without attributes. 
He hailed from Kalady of present day Kerala. Sankara travelled across India and other parts of South Asia to propagate his philosophy through discourses and debates with other thinkers. He founded four mathas (monasteries), which helped in the historical development, revival and spread of Advaita Vedanta. Adi Sankara is believed to be the organizer of the Dasanami monastic order and the founder of the Shanmata tradition of worship.

His works in Sanskrit concern themselves with establishing the 
doctrine of Advaita (Non-dualism). He also established the importance of monastic life 
as sanctioned in the Upanishads and Brahma Sutra, in a time 
when the Mimamsa school established strict ritualism and 
ridiculed monasticism. Sankara represented his works as elaborating on ideas found 
in the Upanishads, and he wrote copious commentaries on 
the Vedic Canon (Brahma Sutra, Principal Upanishads and Bhagavadgita) in support of 
his thesis. The main opponent in his work is the Mimamsa school of thought, 
though he also offers some arguments against the views of some other schools like 
Samkhya and certain schools of Buddhism that he was partly familiar with.

DESCRIPTION ABOUT THE TORRENT:

The Works of Sri Sankaracharya [Memorial Edition], 20 volumes published in 1910 by 
Sri Vani Vilas Press, Srirangam, remains to this day the standard collection of 
the complete works of Sri Sankaracharya. 
It includes Sri Sankaracharya's major commentaries as well as his other works, 
as given in the list below. 

1. Brahmasutra-bhashya 
2. Brahmasutra-bhashya 
3. Brahmasutra-bhashya 
4. Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 1: Isa, Kena [2], Katha, Prasna 
5. Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 2: Mundaka, Mandukya, Aitareya 
6. Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 3: Taittiriya, Chhandogya 1-3 
7. Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 4: Chhandogya 4-8 
8. Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 5: Brihadaranyaka 1-2 
9. Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 6: Brihadaranyaka 3-4 
10.Upanishad-bhashya, vol. 7: Brihadaranyaka 5-6, Nrisimhapurvatapani 
11.Bhagavad-Gita-bhashya, vol. 1: chaps. 1-9 
12.Bhagavad-Gita-bhashya, vol. 2: chaps. 10-18 
13.Vishnusahasranama and Sanatsujatiya Bhashyas 
14.Vivekachudamani, Upadeshasahasri 
15.Miscellaneous Prakaranas vol. 1: Aparokshanubhuti, etc. [7 works] 
16.Miscellaneous Prakaranas vol. 2: Prabodhasudhakara, etc. [25 works] 
17.Stotras, vol. 1 [30 works] 
18.Stotras, vol. 2 [35 works, plus Lalita Trisatistotra Bhashya] 
19.Prapanchasara, vol. 1 
20.Prapanchasara, vol. 2 

There are thus a total of 118 works, counting the two Kena Upanishad bhashyas separately, in this collection. Both Indian and Western scholars agree that many of these works must have been written by later Sankaracharyas rather than the original or 
Adi Sankaracharya. But there is no agreement on which ones are genuinely his. Moreover, there are many other texts attributed to Sankaracharya that are not found in this collection, some of which may have been written by Adi Sankaracharya. So it is not a definitive collection of his writings. Nor does it lay any claim to being a critical edition. Its readings can often be improved by comparison with other printed editions and manuscripts. It is 
simply the standard collection we have at present.

Just extract the Pdf files from RAR files to enjoy reading books..


PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING..PLZ KEEP ALIVE HIS WORKS AND SAVE OUR PRIDE..

IT IS VERY SAD THAT THE RELIGIOUS BOOKS HAVE NO GREAT SEEDS TO KEEP THEM ALIVE.

ONLY FEW STOOD UP TO SEED THESE GREAT TORRENTS..

PLZ SEEEDD..DO IT FOR HINDUISM. DO IT FOR PEACE..

"LIVE AND LET LIVE"