CA ANTIVIRUS PLUS


Total Defense
Anti-Virus 3 Devices
Comprehensive Virus and Spyware Protection

Total Defense Antivirus Plus offers professional-grade antivirus and anti-spyware protection to home and home office users. The comprehensive solution offers integrated virus and spyware combating capabilities, guarding your PC from worms, Trojans, and other malware that can slow down or even damage your PC. After download, your antivirus software settings can be customized in a snap with its new intuitive interface.

DEFEND LIKE A PRO

Total Defense AntiVirus Plus offers comprehensive professional-grade security to home and home office PC users. This easy-to-use security solution features one of the world’s fastest scanning engines and protects your computer against viruses, worms, spyware, and other online threats. Designed specifically for home and home office environments, Total Defense AntiVirus Plus introduces some industry-leading anti-malware enhancements and automatic USB scanning technologies. It packs unprecedented power into an even smaller memory footprint, making your computer security leaner, meaner and smarter than ever before.

The new release offers enhanced rootkit detection and removal. It also offers a visually refined, user-friendly interface that breaks down functions into intuitive sections. And Total Defense AntiVirus Plus is auto-upgradeable, which means you don’t have to check to download product upgrades and go through cumbersome steps to step up your security. It all happens seamlessly, keeping your system fighting fit to fight against and remove all the latest malware challenges.

In addition to its fast scanning engine and smart malware detection capabilities, Total Defense AntiVirus Plus includes automatic updates, intuitive wizards, and well-thought-out default settings to eliminate the need for you to baby-sit your security software and second-guess protection levels. Total Defense’s AntiVirus software is all about top-notch security, made easy. So you can browse, email, send files, and chat online securely and keep your PC running at top condition. Download now to uninstall all security challenges and malicious .exe files.

WHATS NEW

Total Defense AntiVirus Plus sports several new features and many major enhancements over the previous generations of the product. It features the fastest scanning engine in the market and offers major enhancements in anti-malware capabilities. A redesigned interface gives users intuitive control over the software’s many features and makes it one the most easy-to-use PC security products to remove all threats. Our engineers have eliminated the confusing techno-babble found in most security products and have designed the interface to make sure that you can set and forget the product without sacrificing security and still make changes to settings with ease down the road. Total Defense Antivirus Plus makes Windows virus removal and protection simple and easy.

    NEW: Industry-leading rootkit protection that can detect hidden malware
    NEW: One-click installation and easy expanded competitive uninstall feature.
    NEW: Quick scan prior to install.
    NEW: Auto scanning of USB drives.
    NEW: Reduced memory footprint.

ANTIVIRUS PLUS AT A GLANCEe

    Easy to use
    Fast Scanning Engine
    Integration with Search Engines to Block Malware
    Enhanced Protection Against Rootkits and Spyware

FEATURES

    AntiVirus & AntiSpyware : Prevents viruses, worms, rootkits, and Trojan horses from infecting your PC and protects your computer from existing and new spyware threats.

    Continuous Updates : Users never have to worry about upgrading to the latest version of software as long as their subscription is active. They will always be automatically upgraded to the latest version when it is released. With no need to worry about complicated and time consuming product upgrades, it’s seamless, automatic, and simple. Total Defense AntiVirus Plus’ Windows protection is second to none.

    Informative Reports : Lets you monitor the status of your computer system by providing real-time reports that show user activity and system alerts.

    Intuitive Help Desk : Gives you Fast Facts, Custom Support, and a Help Key that provides you with easy-to-understand information when you need it.


----------------------------------------

UPLOADER COMMENTS


LICENSE KEY IS IN TORRENT. TO GET THE LICENSE KEY YOU MUST DOWNLOAD THE TORRENT.
