Velvet Revolver's Contraband album was released June 8, 2004. Upon hitting the shelves, Contraband created a lot of commotion. Of the two released albums (the other one being Libertad), Contraband is certainly the better of the two. 
A little history lesson for those of you who do not know. Velvet Revolver's roots are found in 80's metal band "Guns N' Roses". Both Slash (lead guitar) and Duff McKagan (Bass) and Matt Sorum (Drums: who replaced Steven Adler) are all part of the band now known as Velvet Revolver, (originally The Project) 
Velvet Revolver's newest additions, Dave Kushner (Suicidal Tendencies, Wasted Youth) and Scott Weiland (Stone Temple Pilots) have completed the band, and created the amazing album Contraband. Contraband debuted at #1 on Billboards top 200 albums. 
Now let's take a look inside of the album. The album starts off with their hit "Sucker Train Blues", which gives you a pretty good taste of how the rest of the album goes. In Contraband, you'll find the ballad "Fall To Pieces, Set Me Free (from the Hulk soundtrack) and of course, Slither. 
Velvet Revolver pulled it together in their first album Contraband, and I, among many others, expected nothing short of exceptional, and, I'm glad to say, received exactly that. I rated "Contraband" a 5 out of 5 stars because the album exceeded the hype that came before it's release, which is quite rare in the music industry these days. 

by PETER

TRACKLIST:

01 - Sucker Train Blues.wma                            
02 - Do It For The Kids.wma                            
03 - Big Machine.wma                                   
04 - Illegal I Song.wma                                
05 - Spectacle.wma                                     
06 - Fall To Pieces.wma                                
07 - Headspace.wma                                     
08 - Superhuman.wma                                    
09 - Set Me Free.wma                                   
10 - You Got No Right.wma                              
11 - Slither.wma                                       
12 - Dirty Little Thing.wma                            
13 - Loving The Alien.wma     

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO