 http://whatimg.com/images/32261087951717457216.jpg

El Turista [2010]

[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest.png[/img]

1. Bienvenido
2. Duerme
3. Lemon Tree
4. Sweet Elaine
5. Mesie Julian
6. I Will Live On Islands
7. Valencia
8. Cotton Eye Joe
9. Las Voces
10. Don’t Act Tough

While inspired by his newfound life in Valencia, Spain, singer-songwriter Josh Rouse created his eighth full-length studio effort, now set for an early 2010 release.

El Turista thus continues where 2007’s Country Mouse City House left off. It contains songs first popularized by Bola de Nieve, a composer often compared to Louis Armstrong, and folk music stylings from Cuba, Brazil, Spain and Venezuela.

“I know it’s kind of funny, this Midwestern guy doing Brazilian songs in Spanish,” the Nebraska native said in a statement. And so he balances the album with a dash of his own Midwestern roots, primarily shown in his own interpretation of “Cotton Eye Joe.”

Review by Andrew Leahey

Josh Rouse has never stayed in one place for very long, but El Turista -- his third album as a Spanish citizen -- suggests he isn’t leaving the Mediterranean anytime soon. “I’ll send you postcards, boys!,” he sings during “I Will Live on Islands,” one of the five songs to feature English lyrics. Roughly half of El Turista is performed in Spanish, and far more than that bears the country’s influence, from the strum of Rouse’s flamenco guitar to the relaxed, siesta-worthy pitch of his voice. Rouse is still a traveler at heart, though, and he samples from several different cultures throughout the album, often devoting entire tracks -- including the instrumental “Bienvenido,” which opens the disc -- to his fascination with Brazilian traditions. Bossa nova and tropicalia are the major players, but Rouse even attempts several samba numbers with moderate success, all the while dressing up his songs in familiar layers of strings, harmonies, and minimalist piano chords. The result is a globe-trotting pop album that sounds like nothing he's attempted before, yet still retains enough of his signature arrangements (courtesy of Brad Jones, producer of 1972, Nashville, and Subtitulo, who reprises that role here) to make Rouse’s multi-ethnic transformation a believable one. El Turista takes some getting used to, perhaps, but it’s a solid piece of work.

cd ripped by EAC

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/


