 Swarm		
Description
 


t
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

POtHS - Holy Treasures - 02 - Jonathan Gray Ancient Discoveries + Extras


 
POtHS - Holy Treasures - 02 - Jonathan Gray Ancient Discoveries + Extras


POtHS says: AAA+++


Ancient & Suppressed Discoveries with Jonathan Gray

   Five one hour audios with Jonathan Gray


  Explorer and archaeologist Jonathan Gray discussed discoveries that demonstrate advanced ancient technology. Because such artifacts don't match current academic beliefs they are often suppressed, with evidence destroyed or hidden, he said, citing the Smithsonian Institution, and countries such as Peru, America, Israel, New Zealand, France, and Australia as being involved in covering-up evidence.

   Some of the suppressed ancient discoveries he highlighted:

   * A kind of glassware in Egypt and Peru that can be bent like plastic.

   * Screen projectors used in Egyptian temples, with movement and sound simulation.

   * Artifacts and buildings left on the moon-- Chinese records speak of trips to the moon.

   * The 'Black Knight' satellite-- ancient races talked about putting up satellites.

   * An ancient underground complex discovered in Southern California that included star charts on aluminum sheets.

   * Micro-techology found in Russia, with some objects as small as 1/1000th of an inch.

   * Maps of the ancient world that showed Antarctica as free of ice and populated.

   * The Egyptian pyramids (as well as the structure at Baalbek) were built through a anti-gravity technology using sound waves to lift heavy objects.

   * Underground tunnels that go for hundreds of miles appear to be cut with a laser beam.

   * Ancient cave paintings depict people wearing modern clothes.

   Gray also spoke about his challenge to the work of Zecharia Sitchin, who contends that an ET race, the Annunaki, visited Earth from the planet Nibiru. Sitchin's translations of Sumerian cuneiform does not match the accepted dictionary meanings, he commented

   For all those interested in this enjoy http://www.archive.org/details/Ancie...thJonathanGray

Jonathan Gray - And The Sea Will Tell
Jonathan Gray - In a Coffin In Egypt - Imhotep's Secret
Jonathan Gray - Strange Signs In The Sky - The Truth Behind Star Signs
Jonathan Gray - Surprising Discoveries - Lost Secrets of the Ancients
Jonathan Gray - The Lamb Of God And The Ark Of The Covenant

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                              (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    
