
Product Details
Actors: Peter Fiasca
Directors: Peter Fiasca
Format: Color, Dolby, DVD, NTSC
Language: English
Region: All Regions
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1
Number of discs: 2
Rated: NR (Not Rated)
Studio: Classical Pilates, Inc.
Run Time: 180 minutes
Average Customer Review: 4.4 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (39 customer reviews)
ASIN: B00011RHOA
Amazon Bestsellers Rank: #5,189 in Movies & TV (See Top 100 in Movies & TV)
#21 in Movies & TV > Exercise & Fitness > Pilates
From the Actor
Classical Pilates technique videos feature two of the most renowned Pilates professionals in the world, master instructor Bob Liekens and commentator Alycea Ungaro, who uphold the tradition and high ideals of Joseph Pilates’ original New York City Studio, which began during the 1920s.
BOB LIEKENS, Artistic Director & Master Instructor, is from Belgium. In 1983, he traveled to NYC to further explore his dance career and started Pilates training at the original studio. He initially pursued studies at the Graham Center for Contemporary Dance; he became one of the first certified teachers in the technique in 1991 and taught at the school for two years. Romana Kryzanowska invited him to teach the Pilates method in 1986, and he has been teaching under her inspiration ever since. He was instrumental in building her Teacher Trainer Certification Program, co-created the Training Manual, and originated the current exam system. Bob is internationally recognized as one of the most renowned leaders of our profession, and conducts instructor training seminars, as well as continuing education programs. In the fall of 2000, he joined the team of the Power Pilates Studio in NYC.

ALYCEA UNGARO, Commentator, is a licensed physical therapist, as well as founder and director of Real Pilates @ Tribeca Bodyworks, New York's largest Pilates center. Alycea began studying Pilates at the age of 14 while attending New York City Ballet's prestigious School of American Ballet. She became a certified Pilates instructor under the tutelage of master instructor Romana Kryzanowska. In 1995 Alycea established Tribeca Bodyworks, a studio dedicated to teaching the classic techniques developed by Joseph Pilates. Here she has personally trained Madonna, Uma Thurman, Matthew Modine, and many others. Alycea is the author of two books, Portable Pilates (2000) and Pilates Body in Motion (2002). She currently lives in New York City with her husband and two daughters.

Product Description
Classical Pilates technique videos feature two of the most renowned Pilates professionals in the world, master instructor Bob Liekens and commentator Alycea Ungaro, who uphold the tradition and high ideals of Joseph Pilates original New York City Studio, which began during the 1920s. The virtue of this DVD is that it demonstrates the full-range of workout levels, far beyond intermediate, and even beyond the advanced level. The Reformer super advanced workout shown here is one for the history books; it is totally inspiring. Winner of the COMMUNICATOR AWARDS- 2003 AWARD OF DISTINCTION As a winner of this award Classical Pilates Inc. joins an exclusive list of video professionals who are recognized as the best within the industry.

Happy Seeding!