All Quiet On The Western Front (1930 Best Picture)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1325kbps 
Duration.............: 2:08:12
Resolution...........: 720*532 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,469,915,096 
Subtitles............: English, Italian, Spanish, Dansk, Norsk, Suomi, Svenska, Russian
 
http://bayimg.com/baKpAaADd
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0020629/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Quiet_on_the_Western_Front_(1930_film)


All Quiet on the Western Front is a 1930 American epic war film based on the Erich Maria Remarque novel of the same name. It was directed by Lewis Milestone, and stars Louis Wolheim, Lew Ayres, John Wray, Arnold Lucy and Ben Alexander.

All Quiet on the Western Front is considered a realistic and harrowing account of warfare in World War I, and was named #54 on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies. However, it fell out of the top 100 in the AFI's 2007 revision. In June 2008, after polling over 1,500 workers in the creative community, AFI announced its 10 Top 10—the ten best films in each of ten "classic" American film genres; All Quiet on the Western Front was ranked the seventh best film in the epic genre. In 1990, the film was selected and preserved by the United States Library of Congress' National Film Registry as being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant." The film won the Academy Award for Best Picture and Best Director.

Cast

Richard Alexander as Westhus
Ben Alexander as Franz Kemmerich
Lew Ayres as Paul Bäumer
William Bakewell as Albert Kropp
Edmund Breese as Herr Meyer
G. Pat Collins as Lieutenant Bertinck
Owen Davis, Jr. as Peter
Russell Gleason as Müller
Harold Goodwin as Detering
Scott Kolk as Leer
Arnold Lucy as Professor Kantorek
Beryl Mercer as Mrs. Bäumer, Paul's mother
Walter E. Rogers as Behn
Slim Summerville as Tjaden
Louis Wolheim as Stanislaus Katczinsky
John Wray as Himmelstoss


Releases

Universal re-released the film in 1939. It contained anti-Nazi announcements read out throughout the film in a March of Time style; yet the aim was to remind people of the horrors of wars in a time of international unrest.

Later re-releases by Universal International were substantially cut and the film's ending scored with new music against the wishes of director Lewis Milestone.[5] Before his death in 1980, Milestone requested Universal fully restore the film with the removal of the end music cue. Two decades later, Milestone's wishes were finally granted when the United States Library of Congress undertook an exhaustive restoration of the film, which is vastly superior in sound and picture quality to most other existent prints.

The film got tremendous praise in the United States, but there would be controversy over the film's subject matter in other places, including Europe.

On its release, Variety wrote:
The League of Nations could make no better investment than to buy up the master-print, reproduce it in every language, to be shown in all the nations until the word "war" is taken out of the dictionaries.

Some of the credit for the film's success has been ascribed to the direction of Lewis Milestone:
Without diluting or denying any... criticisms, it should be said that from World War I to Korea, Milestone could put the viewer into the middle of a battlefield, and make the hellish confusion of it seem all too real to the viewer. Steven Spielberg noted as much when he credited Milestone's work as partial inspiration for Saving Private Ryan ...Lewis Milestone made significant contributions to [the genre of] the war film.

Due to its anti-war and perceived anti-German messages, Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party banned the film from Germany in the 1930s and early 1940s. During its brief run in German cinemas in the early 1930s, the Nazis disrupted the viewings by releasing rats in the theaters.

Also, between the period of 1928 to 1941, this was one of many films to be banned in Australia by the Chief Censor Creswell O'Reilly. The film was also banned in Italy in 1929, Austria in 1931, with the prohibition officially raised only in the 1980s, and in France up to 1963.