Goldie
Posted: 3/26/2008 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 20 year old Goldie showed up at The Attic late, very late. That's OK, time for some punishment.

Goldie --a really sweet, attractive girl. Demur. You wouldn't guess she was a freak by looking at her. Watching her in the interview you'd never know she'd be up for the stuff we put her through during this visit to The Attic. She's kind of quiet, plays with her hair frequently and switches between a serious, scared look to a nervous laughter and big smile. Did I mention she's a cutie? She also told us this was the first time she'd ever done anything like this before. Well, let's get started.

For her time with Luther she was asked to fetch the metal pole Luther is mounted on and screw it into the wall so she can kneel in front of it to blow Luther --all while her wrists and arms are bound closely behind her back. It's always fun to watch the chick assemble her own method of humiliation. Oh my goodness, she sucked that thing like it was the last cock in town. She worked it. It was nothing to get the three inches in. Soon she was gobbling almost four inches --the most yet. Later she told me she'd try hard to get five inches in the next time.

First scene has Goldie bound to a heavy wooden cross. She had specifically asked for the application of duct tape and to have it ripped off. So for starters I pop in a large red ball gag and apply nipple clamps. Then I apply the tape to her chest and mid-section. Before ripping the tape off she gets acquainted with the flogger and paddle. After ripping the tape off I use a cane on her thighs. I like the way she just closes her eyes and lays her head back and just accepts it without so much as a murmur. She can take some pain. She gets rewarded with the Hitachi. By this time she's been bound to the cross with those nipple clamps and ball gag for a good little while. I pop the Hitachi on her box and she drifts off somewhere else. When I shut it off its like someone splashed cold water on her face. I pop in a large dildo and then ramp up the Hitachi again. She's clearly wet now. Actually, wet doesn't even cum close to describing it. She's got toothpaste cumming out of her box. Goops of it. And she told me that she was cum shy. We'll see lots more of that cum paste before the day is over.

Next scene has Goldie sitting on the floor wearing a sensory deprivation hood, legs spread before her and chained at the ankles while her arms and wrists are bound together behind her and pulled up high forcing her to lean forward. Her nipples are clamped and tied off to her big toes. She's allowed a few minutes to get acquainted with her predicament before the application of a vib to her clit. She has several quiet orgasms --evident by the pool of white paste now sitting under her cunt-- before I take a flogger to her back. She is very good at holding still.

Last scene has Goldie in a tight hogtie. Lots of rope is used to insure she can't move at all. Then she gets ring gagged and her big toes tied off to her back. She looks very good all bound up with that beautiful brown skin and innocent face. She is very tightly packaged for the dildo fucking she's about to get. Goldie likes it hard, she likes to be pounded --she asked for it that way. So pound away we did. You'll hear all the wet sounds and get the close up shots you need on her cunt. When I pop that dildo out she has poo juice all over her box. Of course, I don't want to waste any of that juice so I take the dildo and wipe it right under her nose and then have her tell me that she's a bondage slut. It's impossible to say how many orgasms she's had by this time. By the end of this scene she has been fucked so hard and for so long she's exhausted. The look on her face says it all and the look on her pussy says it even better; fluid all over the floor, circles of cum spotting all around her lips and the totality of greasy wetness to the whole area. Is this the same girl that showed up for the interview?
 

Screens  http://www.intotheattic.com/updates0308.html#0022



Cheers  :-)