Thomas Dolby - Europa And The Pirate Twins [promo].VOB



Very HQ rare promo music video. "Europa And The Pirate Twins" is a song from The Golden Age of Wireless, a 1982 album by Synthpop pioneer Thomas Dolby. The album is notable for containing the pop hit "She Blinded Me with Science" in its later resequencings. Following the album's overall theme of radio are the songs "Airwaves", "Commercial Breakup", and "Radio Silence," along with songs about the modern world ("Windpower", "Flying North", "Europa and the Pirate Twins"). At the time of the original US release, the moody and cinematic tone—a major departure for most synthesizer-driven records—prompted Musician magazine\'s reviewer to declare it "The best damned synth-pop record ever, period."

Thomas Dolby (born Thomas Morgan Robertson; 14 October 1958) is an English musician and producer. Best known for his 1982 hit "She Blinded Me with Science", and 1984 single "Hyperactive!", he has also worked extensively in production and as a session musician.

Dolby was born in London, England, contrary to information in early 1980s press releases that reported his birthplace as Cairo, Egypt. His father, Martin Robertson, was an internationally distinguished professor of classical Greek art and archeology at the University of London and Oxford University, and in his youth Thomas lived or worked in France, Italy and Greece. Dolby attended Abingdon School in 1975-76, completing his A levels whilst there. He later married actress Kathleen Beller in 1988; the couple have three children together.

The Thomas Dolby stage name originated from a nickname that Thomas picked up around the age of 13. Thomas was always messing around with keyboards and tapes and the like, so his friends nicknamed him Dolby, which came from the name Dolby Laboratories. Later, when Thomas was 18 or 19 years old, British singer Tom Robinson was popular, so the then-Thomas Robertson chose to adopt the stage name "Thomas Dolby" when he began working professionally.

After the release of "She Blinded Me With Science", Dolby Laboratories expressed concern regarding the musician's stage name. Dolby's record label refused to make him change his name, and Dolby Labs didn't raise the issue again until later, presumably when the musician's soundtrack work came too close to Dolby Labs' noise-reduction involvement that was prominently credited on virtually every motion picture release. After a lengthy legal battle, the court decided that Dolby Labs had no right to restrict the musician from using the name. It was agreed that the musician wouldn't release any electronic equipment using the name. (Coincidentally, inventor/founder Dr. Ray Dolby has a son named Thomas).
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Golden_Age_of_Wireless 
       
http://bayimg.com/MaKifaADF 
   




File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9800kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:19




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated July 22, 2011

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	