Macsome Audiobook Converter v1.5.3 MacOSX Incl Keymaker-CORE

5X speed audiobook to MP3 or M4B converter on MAC OS X.
Macsome AudiobookConverter batch converts DRM protected or unprotected audio books to unprotected MP3 or AAC files with ID tags preserved.

Macsome AudiobookConverter works with iTunes and sound recording technology to convert audio books. So it keeps the users on the legal side.

Powerful Features of Audiobook Converter

Very Fast Converting Speed

The recording speed is 5X fast than playback speed. And the output file will be encoded while recording.

Convert Audible AA to MP3 to Play anywhere

In Audiobook Converter, you can easily select AA files from iTunes audiobook library. Then convert them into MP3 or AAC in 5X speed to play anywhere.

Convert Any Audio Book Could Play on iTunes

No matter what format the audio book is, if it could be played on iTunes, Macsome AudioBookConverter will convert it to MP3 or AAC format for you.

Remove DRM protection

Converting any audio book into MP3 or AAC format, the DRM protections on audio book will be removed. So, it's also an .aa converter, Audible book converter, or audio book DRM remover.

Keep ID Tags

The ID Tags will be preserved in output MP3 or AAC files while converting. When you split a big audio book file to several small files, the ID Tags will be preserved, too.

Could be CD Quality

There are several preset output formats. And you could customize the output format.

Batch Conversion Supported

You may select several audio book files to convert. Then click "Convert" button to start converting. What you need to do is just wait for the result of conversion.

Silent Recording

The recording procedure is silent.

Very Fast Big File Splitter Inside

There is a audio book file splitting function inside AudioBookConverter. If you need to have serveral small files instead of a big one, the Split funciton will help you.

Several ways to split the output file

You can set to split the ouptfile by the duration, file size, number of files. And you can split the output file by the chapters of the output file.

No Extra Hardware or Vitual Drive Needed

Macsome AudioBookConverter won't install any virtual drive, and needn't any extra hardware. You just install it on your Mac, then start your conversion.

No Limitation of Converting Times

Audio book you purchased can only burn to Disc once on each authorized Mac, but no limitation of play it on your iTunes. So, if you want, you could convert them as many times as you want with Macsome Audio Book Converter.

Homepage
 
http://www.macsome.com/audio-book-converter-mac/index.html



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                               
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                              
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	
			