Title: Terraferma
Year: 2011 
Country: Italy / France
Language: Italian / Sicilian / Amharic
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 88 min
Resolution: 640 x 272
Bitrates: 448kbps
FPS: 25.000
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Emanuele Crialese
Starring:
Filippo Pucillo  ...  Filippo
Donatella Finocchiaro  ...  Giulietta
Beppe Fiorello  ...  Nino (as Giuseppe Fiorello)
Mimmo Cuticchio  ...  Ernesto
Martina Codecasa  ...  Maura
Tiziana Lodato  ...  Maria
Claudio Santamaria  ...  Finanziere
Filippo Scarafia  ...  Marco

IMDB Link:                       
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1641410/


Synopsis:
On a tiny, remote Sicilian island, a local woman and an immigrant find themselves at odds with each other and yet are united by the same dream: a better future for their children, their very own Terraferma.

Terraferma is not only a navigator’s point of arrival, it is also an island with deeply rooted traditions which appear to have stopped in time. And it is the issue of time standing still that is creating upheaval in the Pucillo family.

Ernesto is 70 years old; he hates change and doesn’t want his fishing boat to be scrapped.
His grandson Filippo, whose father was lost at sea, is 20 years old and juggles his existence between his grandfather Ernesto’s timeless subsistence and his uncle Nino’s way of life, in which catching fish has been replaced by catering to tourists.

His young, widowed mother, Giulietta, believes that the island’s unchanging lifestyle has turned them all into outsiders and that neither she nor Filippo stand a chance of forging a different future.

The hope of doing something different with their lives means finding the courage to leave.
One day the sea carries other voyagers into their lives: among them Sara and her son, who have escaped violent oppression in North Africa.

Ernesto, firmly entrenched in the traditional laws of the sea, is very welcoming to all who have traveled over water. However, man’s laws seem to have changed and favour an entirely different approach to dealing with illegal immigrants. This dilemma creates a great deal of turmoil in the Pucillo family, especially between Giulietta and Sara, and the Pucillo’s have no choice but to reexamine their way of life.


This film was chosen by Italy to represent the country in the Oscar 2012. It won the Special Jury Prize in the Venice Film Festival 2011.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ

AND SEE THIS ANOTHERS UPLOADS FROM "HORiZON-ArtSubs":    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/lletaif			