
Auto-Tune 7 - The latest incarnation of the worldwide standard in professional pitch (and now time) correction. Featuring an extremely high quality (and incredibly easy to use) time manipulation system along with the second generation of Evo™ Voice Processing Technology and a host of new pitch correction features. For TDM (Mac & PC), RTAS (Mac & PC), VST (Mac & PC) and Audio Units. 
 
Auto-Tune Evo - The worldwide standard in affordable professional pitch correction. Automatic and Graphical Modes, Evo™ Voice Processing Technology. Sleek interface. Unbeatable price. For RTAS (Mac & PC), VST (Mac & PC) and Audio Units. 
 
Auto-Tune EFX 2 - The quickest, easiest, most affordable tool for real-time pitch correction and creating the Auto-Tune Vocal Effect. Now featuring Auto-Motion™ Vocal Pattern Generation. For RTAS (Mac & PC), VST (Mac & PC) and Audio Units. 

 Mic Mod EFX - A modern incarnation of our legendary Microphone Modeler plug-in, Mic Mod EFX lets the microphones you own sound like the microphones you wish you owned. For RTAS (Mac & PC), VST (Mac & PC) and Audio Units.

Note: Microphone manufacturer names and model designations are used solely to identify the microphones analyzed in the development of our digital models and do not in any way imply any association with or endorsement by any of the named manufacturers.

 Harmony EFX Vocal Modeling Harmony Generator - An incredibly affordable, easy-to-use tool for creating realistic (if you want it to be) vocal harmony, Harmony EFX is a streamlined version of Harmony Engine Evo, featuring the same core Evo-based harmony generating engine as its industry-leading big brother. 
 
Auto-Tune Vocal Studio Native and Auto-Tune Vocal Studio TDM - Bundles Auto-Tune 7 Native or TDM with the AVOX Evo Vocal Toolkit to provide everything you need for world class vocals. At a meaningful savings over purchasing them separately. 


 

AVOX Evo Antares Vocal Toolkit - The latest generation of the Antares vocal Toolkit, AVOX Evo opens up an entirely new world of vocal processing. Now featuring Antares' seriously evolved Evo™ Voice Processing Technology, AVOX Evo combines ten state-of-the-art vocal processing modules to give you the power you need to create stunning vocal tracks in any musical style as well as design unique vocal effects for audio post-production applications. 




AVOX Evo Plug-ins:



Harmony Engine Evo – Vocal Modeling Harmony Generator Vocal Modeling Harmony Generator – A real-time harmony generating plug-in that puts professional-quality harmony arrangements within reach of any songwriter, producer, musician or engineer. The quickest, easiest tool for creating realistic harmonies.



MUTATOR Evo Extreme Voice Designer - MUTATOR Evo provides a combination of tools for creating unusual, weird, or downright wacky voices. With high-quality pitch shifting, throat modeling, pitch-tracking ring modulator-based “mutation,” and a mind-bending temp-synced Alienization function, MUTATOR Evo is the perfect tool for unique special vocal effects and post- production sound design.



ARTICULATOR Evo Digital Talk Box - The alien offspring of a vocoder and a modern-day version of the venerable talk box, ARTICULATOR Evo lets a user extract the formant and amplitude information from a vocal (or other dynamic source) and apply it to any other audio track. Perfect for talking guitars, singing synths, and a wide range of special effects.



WARM Tube Saturation Generator - Based on Antares’ legendary Tube plug- in, WARM warms up vocals with Antares' world-renown tube modeling technology, while being so processing-efficient that it can be used on every track in a project with negligible impact on CPU usage.



ASPIRE Evo Aspiration Noise Processor - ASPIRE Evo is the world's first tool for modifying a voice's breathiness independently of its harmonic content. Whether reducing a bit of vocal rasp or adding a bit of smokiness, ASPIRE Evo allows modification of the amount and quality of a voice’s aspiration noise without otherwise affecting the vocal’s harmonic characteristics.



THROAT Evo Physical Modeling Vocal Designer –Process vocals through a meticulously crafted physical model of the human vocal tract, offering the possibility of vocal characteristics that are simply unattainable by any other means. Now with high-quality pitch shifting.


DUO Evo Vocal Modeling Auto-Doubler –Provides programmable variation in pitch, timing, vibrato depth, and timbral variation using a simplified version of THROAT Evo's vocal modeling technology.


CHOIR Evo Vocal Multiplier –A unique processor that actually turns a single voice into 4, 8, 16, or 32 distinct individual unison voices, each with its own pitch, timing and vibrato variations.


PUNCH Evo Vocal Impact Enhancer –Give your vocals more dynamic impact, allowing them to cut through a dense mix with clarity and power. Advanced dynamic processing that's incredibly easy-to-use.


SYBIL Evo Variable Frequency De-Esser – Tame vocal sibilance with a flexible compressor with threshold, ratio, attack and decay controls as well as a variable high-pass frequency to match any vocal performance.
