-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

General information:

Complete title: The.Talented.Mr.Ripley.1999.DVDRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.25 GiB
Duration: 2h 18mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: It's better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.

Storyline:

The 1950s. Manhattan lavatory attendant, Tom Ripley, borrows a Princeton jacket to play piano at a garden party. 
When the wealthy father of a recent Princeton grad chats Tom up, Tom pretends to know the son and is soon offered $1,000 to go to Italy to convince Dickie Greenleaf to return home. 
In Italy, Tom attaches himself to Dickie and to Marge, Dickie's cultured fiancée, pretending to love jazz and harboring homoerotic hopes as he soaks in luxury. 
Besides lying, Tom's talents include impressions and forgery, so when the handsome and confident Dickie tires of Tom, dismissing him as a bore, Tom goes to extreme lengths to make Greenleaf's privileges his own.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/talented_mr_ripley/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0134119/

Cast:

Matt Damon 	... 	Tom Ripley 
Gwyneth Paltrow 	... 	Marge Sherwood 
Jude Law 	... 	Dickie Greenleaf 
Cate Blanchett 	... 	Meredith Logue 
Philip Seymour Hoffman 	... 	Freddie Miles 
Jack Davenport 	... 	Peter Smith-Kingsley 
James Rebhorn 	... 	Herbert Greenleaf 
Sergio Rubini 	... 	Inspector Roverini 
Philip Baker Hall 	... 	Alvin MacCarron 
Celia Weston 	... 	Aunt Joan 
Fiorello 	... 	Fausto (as Rosario Fiorello) 
Stefania Rocca 	... 	Silvana 
Ivano Marescotti 	... 	Colonnello Verrecchia 
Anna Longhi 	... 	Signora Buffi 
Alessandro Fabrizi 	... 	Sergeant Baggio

Genre: Crime | Drama | Thriller
Director: Anthony Minghella
Rating: Nominated for 5 Oscars. Another 8 wins & 52 nominations
Language: English | Italian
Awards: Rated R for violence, language and brief nudity.
Original source: The.Talented.Mr.Ripley.1999.DVD5.720p.x264-PoTuS

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 1 985 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 8 018 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.094

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 335 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 389 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.