Cut the Rope HD
Description
***Om Nom is jumping for joy with his new Toy Box! Now you can choose to feed him candy, donuts or cupcakes. And Om Nom has been making a special treat for you, too! He has drawn and colored cute pictures for you to share with your friends, but he has been so busy catching candy he can't remember where he left them! Will you be the first to find them all and get them back to his gallery?***

WWDC 2011 Apple Design Award Winner! 

We're proud to announce that Cut the Rope is the world's first iOS game to win a BAFTA Award! 

Best Handheld Game — BAFTA Awards 2011 
Most Innovative Game— Pocket Gamer Awards 2011 
Best Casual/Puzzle Game — Pocket Gamer Awards 2011 
Best Handheld Game — Game Developers Choice Awards 2011 
Best Puzzle Game — Best App Ever Awards 2010 

A mysterious package has arrived, and the little monster inside has only one request…CANDY! Help feed the candy to Om Nom, the adorable star of the game, in this highly innovative and addictive puzzle game. Combining outstanding physics, devilishly tricky levels, and bright colorful High Definition visuals, Cut the Rope is one of the most original and fun-filled games on the App Store. 

PRESS QUOTES

"Cut The Rope is one of the best puzzle games out there that is more fun than anything" - Trevor Sheridan, App Advice (4/5 MUST BUY)

"We’d put it right up there with the best casual games on the App Store"– Chris Reed, Slide to Play (4/4 MUST HAVE)

"Cut The Rope is centered around a brilliant mix of realistic physics and cartoon slapstick, and it’s an absolute delight."– AppTilt (9/10)

I WANT CANDY!
Cut the Rope combines realistic physics, plus stunning High Definition graphics ,with simple, yet accurate and precise touch controls. Cut the ropes by simply swiping your finger across them and collect the stars by touching them with the candy, but it’s not always simple. Think before you slice and be sure to avoid the enemies and obstacles. Every level is different and getting that candy to Om Nom won’t be easy!

IT’S KNOT GONNA BE A BREEZE
In Cut the Rope you don’t just need to feed Om Nom, in order to get maximum points you will also need to collect 3 golden stars in each stage. Some are easy, some are deviously difficult; you’re going to have to use your head to get them all-but be quick, some of these stars don’t hang around forever! Dodge jagged spikes that smash your candy to bits, and look out for sneaky spiders intend on having On Nom’s treat all for themselves! 

STAR PLAYER
Use a variety of special tools in your effort to get Om Nom his candy. Blow candy around in bubbles using special air pumps, catapult your candy across the screen to get to those hard to reach stars, use hidden ropes and special pulleys in your effort to get every star there is! 

THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX, INSIDE THE BOX
Easy to learn and intuitive to play, Cut the Rope is hard to put down. As you progress, Om Nom will jump from one box to another, with more levels to get through. With each new box contains new and even more challenging stars and obstacles, can you make it to the end?

Crystal Leaderboards and Achievements: Players can see how they compare to rope cutters throughout the world via online leaderboards and achievements through Crystal!

Apple Game Center support enabled!
What's new in Version 1.4
- A new Toy Box
- OmNom drawings feature
- "Gift this app" button
- Ability to post drawings to Facebook