J.D. Robb - Eve Dallas 12 - Judgment In Death-viny


J. D. Robb, a pseudonymous cover for the bestselling queen of romance, Nora Roberts, shows no signs of slowing down. With the release of Judgment in Death, the 12th book in her futuristic sci-fi cop series, Robb has managed to score yet another winning tale of passionate suspense. Set in New York City in the year 2059, Robb's star attraction, Police Lieutenant Eve Dallas, proves once again that it's possible to be tough, smart, and sexy.

This time out, Eve's case involves the brutal bludgeoning death of a bartender in a trendy, upscale strip club that just happens to be owned by Eve's husband, Roarke. When it's discovered that the bartender is actually a cop, things get even more tense as Eve and her cadre of associates try to determine if the victim was on the take, and if so, who else might be involved. A key piece of evidence, 30 pieces of silver credit chips left beside the body, suggests someone thought the dead cop was a Judas. Eve dives into the investigation and, in her typically brusque style, is quick to make new enemies. Chief among them are the ambitious woman captain of the dead policeman's precinct, a detective with a New York-sized chip on his shoulder, and a ruthless and powerful millionaire named Ricker, a chief competitor of Roarke's who holds a long-standing grudge.

Eve discovers the dead cop was involved in a recent investigation of Ricker, though the millionaire managed to wiggle out of most of the charges. She suspects Ricker did so by adding the dead cop -- and several others from that precinct -- to his payroll. When another cop turns up dead, this murder even more brutal than its predecessor, all the evidence points to a fellow cop as the killer.

Once again Robb manages to find the perfect balance of strength and softness in the plucky, no-nonsense Eve. The relationship between Eve and Roarke, while hardly without its bumps, shows that a long-term marriage can be every bit as passionate as a new love. Watching as Eve and Roarke struggle to mend a huge breach in their marriage provides a quick lesson on compromise and the building blocks for a healthy relationship -- which may explain at least part of Robb's great success. Where else can you find science fiction, passionate romance, relationship counseling, and high suspense all in one book? 