Don't Waste Your Time to Manually Upload Your Video to  Video Sharing Sites Any More! 

"Upload Your Videos to Multiple Video Sharing Sites Quickly & Easily! Get Great Exposure and Drive More & More Targeted Traffic To Your Websites, Even If You Are A Newbie!"

Date: Friday, December 23, 2011

From: David Tang

Dear Friend,

IF you are truly serious about getting more and more targeted traffic to your websites, read what I have to say, it is very important!

Why use video to drive traffic to your website? According to the LightReading's report of Top 10 Video Sharing Sites*,  the number of Unique Audience for YouTube, Google Video and Veoh are about 30,541,000, 9,348,000 and 1,011,000, seperatedly on July 2006. There are a bunch of other video sharing sites which have hundreds of thousands of Unique Audience. And, these numbers are keep rising. All these audiences are eager to watch videos, which interests them. This means you can use videos to drive traffic to your websites and sell more of your products or services. Just like what TV commercial does! And you don't have to pay any money to add your video to all these video sharing sites! What's even better is that some of them even pay, or will pay (such as YouTube), you the money based on the number of views your videos got.

How effective are these videos at driving qualified traffic to websites? According to the experiments conducted by MarketingExperiments.com**, the Cost Per Subscriber is about $20 for the Pay-Per-Click (PPC) traffic while it is almost $0 for Viral Video Traffic! And the total number of views for their videos during Augest 2006 and September 2006 is 324,190! PPC is considered as an effective method to drive the traffic. Obviously, viral video is much more effective than PPC! And the overall cost is much lower!

(The reference of above data and website can be found at the bottom of this page)

For the past month I've been looking for a way to upload one video to many sites at once. I found one service but the monthly fee was not something I wanted to pay. Then I found video upload pro. I like the fact that I can own this software outright with one payment. I also liked the fact that it's by David Tang. I own David's article post robot and this is by far the best piece of software on the market for posting articles to multiple sites. Support too is top gun which is really important to me .

I uploaded my first video yesterday using video upload pro and was happy with the results. One thing that needs to be noted is the software's ability to let you add unique titles and descriptions to each upload. This is big because we don't want the same description for the same video posted to all the video hosting sites, from a search engine optimization point of view. This video upload pro gets my vote of confidence.

Craig D. 
http://www.wehelpnewbies.com

BUT THERE'S A BIG PROBLEM

In order to really benefit from video sharing sites, you have to upload your video to multiple sites. And, you should not only upload just one video. The more videos you upload, the more visitors you will have. Unfortunately, upload videos to multiple video sites manually IS VERY TIME CONSUMING !

Each video sharing site has its own form that need to be filled out. Usually, it takes at least about 5 minutes to manually fill in the form, and then, depends on the size of the video file, you may have to wait 10 minutes, or even more than 1 hour, for the upload to be finished. During the time you are waiting, you will have to frequently check whether the uploading process is finished, so that you can start the upload for the next video sharing site.  If you don't check, then the uploading process will take more time.

To be fair, let's assume that for each upload, it will take about 8 minutes for you to login the account, fill in the form and make sure the video is uploaded successfully (not including the time of waiting for the upload to be finished). If you uploaded the video to 10 video sharing sites, then it will take 8x10=80 minutes. If you had to upload 10 videos, then it will take about 80x10=800 minutes! What if you had to upload more videos to more sites? Can you imagine how much time you have to spend just for uploading itself? We need work hard And work smart. Don't you think all these precious time is wasted? Some of you may think of hiring others to do this work. Yes, you can do that. But, it means you have to pay for it again and again. Don't you dream to have a simple solution, a piece of software, to do all the uploading work for you, even when you are sleeping?



In my initial test of Video Upload Pro I got the number 1 and number 2 spots in Google for 2 videos I submitted for the actual name of the software I am Promoting!

Gregg Hall, NO.3 Expert Author on EzineArticles 
http://www.3DayFiresale.com

 
I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for making this great software. Wow! I can't believe the search results that I am getting for some of these videos. Incredible is an understatement . For one of my long tail keywords on Google today I have PR 1 through 10. This after only submitting to these sites last week!

Robin Murray 
http://www.About-Birds.info

 
I Can Do It *Easily*, So Can You!

Video Upload Pro is a piece of brand new software we developed for you. Use this amazing new software, you can easily upload your vides to multiple video sharing sites, and drive more and more responsive targeted traffic to your websites. The most amazing thing is that you can get this done automatically while you are sleeping! You don't need spend money for this again and again any more, you don't need spend endless time to do it by yourself any more! Video Upload Pro does it for you automatically with a very reasonable one-time price, and you won't have to be a rocket scientist to successfully use it. Take a peek at how easy it is to use:

1) Fill in video information. You can add unlimited multiple profiles with different title, description, keywords, category selection.

2) Check the Video Sharing Sites you want to upload the video to.

That's it! Now, just click 'Auto' or 'Manual', Video Upload Pro will start to upload your video to all the checked Video Sharing Sites. In 'Manual' mode, it will *Automatically* upload the video to checked sites and pause at the end of each uploading. Users can verify the uploading, then go to the next site for the uploading or re-upload t the current site. In 'Auto' mode, Video Upload Pro will *Automatically* upload the video to all checked sites one by one. All you need do is filling the video information and clicking the 'Auto' button ONCE. You can just leave it, and do whatever else you want!

Think about it, how much time and money you can save by using Video Upload Pro? By default, Video Upload Pro includes about 18 Video Sharing Sites. The list is Here. And we are keep adding more valuable Video Sharing Sites. All you need do is just filling the video information and clicking one button once. Image how much time it will save if all the work is done *Automatically* by using Video Upload Pro!

Want to know more about Video Upload Pro? Check our online User Manual

Main Features of Video Upload Pro!

You only pay an one-time payment. No setup fee, No Monthly. Just an one-time payment. And, all the future updates are free for current users.

In current version, Videoink Upload Pro includes about  18 Video Sharing Sites , which covers all the most important Video Sharing Sites, such as YouTube, Google Video, MySpace Video, etc.. We keep adding more Video Sharing Sites to the list.

 *Auto* and *Manual" posting modes. Both modes can save users  lots of time.

Users can add unlimited multiple profiles. So, on each Video Sharing Sites, the video could have different titles, descriptions, keywords, etc..

Users can save all settings into Project Files. So, users don't have to input the settings again and again.

When Video Upload Pro finished the uploading, it will generate a detailed log file. So, users can have a very detailed record of whether the uploading is successful or what kind of error it is (if it has error).

Update Notifier. When a new version is available, Video Upload Pro will notify users automatically. So, users always have the latest version software. New version is always free to existing users.

You don't need a server to install Video Upload Pro. Video Upload Pro is a piece of Windows desktop software. You have full control of running it right from your desk!

These are just some of the features Video Upload Pro has, check Video Upload Pro online User Manual for more details. 

It does what it says it does! I've used the server based tool that someone else has out there and would much rather use this tool due to it's various profiles set up and efficiency. I set it all up before hitting the sack and by morning it is done! I really love the use of multiple profiles and all the other neat features it has. I love the fact that it is desktop based. Great tool David!!

J. Rey 
http://www.Dollar-a-Day-Per-Site.info

 
I have to tell you that it is phenominal. It does all that it says and makes uploading videos truly easy. I start it when I go to bed and find it completed when I wake up in the morning. The value in this product is insane and the price is even crazier. I recommend this to everyone!

R. Goldberg 
http://www.web2traffichurricane.com

Now The Most Important Question

How Much does This Powerful Software Cost?  

There are some similar software/service. However, either they don't work very well as you don't have full control of how your video is uploaded, or, they are very expensive. For example, A Video Submission Service (***Service Name undisclosed because of legal reason), its membership costs you more than $200 plus $47 per month! And you can upload only 20-30 videos each month! Want to upload more videos? You will have to upgrade your membership, which will cost you almost double per month! It means the yearly cost of the service is more than $700 (more than $1000 if you upgrade)! And you will have to pay for it again and again, every year! 

As a small company, we recognise that the majority of internet marketers struggle for survival. Less than 2% of the online business's are making more than 90% of the money. If you own a large business, several hundreds, or even thousand dollars might not seem like a big deal. UNFORTUNATELY , most of us are on A Restricted Budget and Costs DO Matter A Great Deal!

For these reasons we believe in keeping our costs down so that more people may benefit from our unique software. That's why we only take a reasonable profit, we are here to help you succeed.

 

We are offering Video Upload Pro with free lifetime future updates for only $147 $95!

Yes, not $297, not $247, not $197! Not Monthly! Regular price is only $147! If you buy it now, Just One-Time fee of $95 ! (This special price may expire at any time).

Since we know it's 100% to your benefit to act right away, we want to sweeten the pot and give you every possible reason to say YES now! You've got absolutely nothing to lose. Order your copy now!

30-Days 100% Money Back Guarantee!

If, for any reasons, you don't like this video uploading software, simply email me and I'll issue you a 100% refund on the spot.

No hard feelings and no questions asked. In fact, I'll extend this guarantee for an entire 1 months after you get everything! That's right, 30 days to use and profit from this new software or else ask (and receive) an immediate refund.

There is absolutely no risk, whatsoever on your part.

System Requirements: Windows XP Home Edition or Professional Version, Windows 2000 (SP3), Windows 2003, Windows 98 SE; .Net FrameWork 2.0, Internet Explorer 6.0 or above.

Take action and grab this incredible software NOW. Trust me, you won't want to miss out on this one. It's easy to get started right away. Just click the order link below.

Video Upload Pro

You are going to purchase a locked package "Video Upload Pro". Here's the list of the products. You'll buy them one by one.

Video Upload Pro ($95.00) Video Upload Pro, http://www.VideoUploadPro.com , is a piece of brand new software we developed for you. Use this amazing new software, you can easily upload your vides to multiple video sharing sites, and drive more and more responsive targeted traffic to your websites. The most amazing thing is that you can get this done automatically while you are sleeping! You don't need spend money for this again and again any more, you don't need spend endless time to do it by yourself any more! Video Upload Pro does it for you automatically with a very reasonable one-time price, and you won't have to be a rocket scientist to successfully use it.

Special Price NOW! $95!, which is $52 off ($147-$52=$95) the regular price! Special Offer may expire at any time. Order it NOW!

YOUR PIRATE BAY PRICE FROM N2KMASTER - NADA! Merry Christmas kiddies, heres a goody from my stash, i almost forgot i even still had this. So I'll share cuz i didn't see it on a torrent site anywheres (well not at least clean ones that have a credible audience) Here's what you do.

Step 1 - Install
Step 2 - Copy the Crack.exe to the folder you installed it to, run the crack, apply the crack, voila, cracked!

Its clean kiddies just like all my other stuff, i ain't about to change even if our governments are :P Peace keep the faith and loving that SOPA vid guys.