Race of Champions v1.0.7
Requirements: Android 2.2+
Overview: Welcome to the Race Of Champions (ROC) Official Game.


Grab your chance to race with the champions at ROC, the thrilling knockout tournament where the world's greatest drivers battle to show they're the fastest on Earth. Through a series of head-to-head races in identical cars on a parallel track, you can fight the stars to see if you have what it takes to be crowned ’Champion Of Champions’.

REAL CARS
Race with these officially-licensed cars, which are swapped between heats to ensure drivers have to prove themselves in a variety of machinery:
★ KTM X-Bow
★ VW Scirocco
★ RX-150
★ Solution F Prototype
★ ROC Car
★ VW Polo R
★ Skoda Fabia S2000
! Even more stunning cars on their way soon !

REAL TRACKS
Race on precisely recreated tracks from recent ROC events in London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Gran Canaria and Barcelona, featuring tarmac and off-road surfaces.
! Even more tracks cars on their way soon !

PRECISION AND ACCURACY
The game’s development had input from experienced drivers including ROC's co-founder and world rally legend Michèle Mouton plus Marc Duez, multiple winner of the Spa and Nürburgring 24-Hour races and a former European Rally Champion.
ROC offers Tilted, Tap and Virtual-Steering-Wheel controls.

STUNNING VISUALS
ROC provides the most technologically advanced racing game on mobile platforms with highly-detailed cars, tracks, garages and racing drivers.

UNIQUE GAME MODES
★ Championship Mode: Race through 4 different scenarios and 4 Championships at the ROC tracks in London, Paris, Düsseldorf and Gran Canaria.
★ Duel Mode: Challenge opponents ahead of you to jump up the online rankings.
★ Time Challenge Mode: Race against the clock using a ghost car to beat your previous best lap time.

ROC offers numerous camera views, car damage and detailed replay system.

Cracked! Race Of Champions (ROC) full version enable online game mode, no ads and ranking on Facebook leaderboard.