Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                  POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 3 - Hidden Massages - dEVIL$nWoRlDtufFas$hion$pORnsAtAN66$iXXX in Cr2ns Cmrsls & RR

These Torrents are on 2 Free Leech High Speed Servers

How many Hidden Messages are in this tItLE??? Leave a comment, there are more than 20 - I will tell you that much. These Guy's have million dollar processors hiding pornographic pictures and messages within the body of the Films and animations that you allow your Children to watch. Subliminal and Luciferian Symbolism is everywhere. It permeates everything coming out of the perverted sociopathic minds of The elite Scum that run our Media Industry and the World.

When you see what THEY are hiding in our Childrens Movie and TV programing, You will BE PISSED OFF.

I guess "I hope you are Pissed off" is a better remark. Some of you don't care what SCIENTIFIC Brain Washing schemes are being used on you and your children. If you ain't pissed off about all this, take another Prozac and set Your Big FAT ASS back on The Couch and have another Twinkie and a teaspoon of aspartame. (aspartame was designed by OUR Military as a bio-weapon. Don Rumsfield got the FDA to pass it off as "OK" to use. They make aspartame from the POOP of bacteria. Aspartame does not allow your body to make Seratonen thats tell your brain your stomach is Full. Aspartame keeps our Medical Clinics Full of unhealthy patients.

Walt Disney, The Simpson's, Sponge Bob??? The list goes on and on for God's sake!!! YUP...  All are Full of NWO Subliminal anti-Good HIDDEN MESSAGING. Walt Disney is FULL of Hidden Sub-conscious sexual connotations. Erect Penis's are one his favorite hidden sex objects. Guess how many there are in in The Walt Disney Mansion at the beginning of their movies!!! Guess what the Washington Monument Represents??? Disney is Dick Crazy!!! Great training for your Daughters, don't you think???

From Shirley Temple and Little House on The Prairie tooooooooooo Marylin Manson and The Ozzie Osborn Family. WOWWW thats a FALL, America. What has happened to YOU???

More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.

Check Out POtHS 3 - Conspiracy FACTS - Have 93 parts to date. There will be more as WE are in the Middle of a WAR. The information we receive on the TV are all lies, it is a controlled media source that has nothing GOOD for you in it's programming. We have been scientifically "brain washed." Every advertising campaign you see is designed to deceive you.


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below [/size]
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                                                               POtHS
                                                                      Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS



            thankyou    thankyou    thankyou Thank You JESUS   