Liu Fang - Le Son de Soi (Silk Sound)   [ 2006, mp3, (320 kbps) ]

( Chinese traditional music -  guzheng  & pipa ) 


01. Hautes montagnes et eaux ruisselantes (High mountains and rippling waters) 
02. Fleur de jasmin (Jasmine flowers) 
03. Le roi de chu se défait de son armure (The king of Chu doffs his armour) 
04. Première rencontre (Primary meeting) 
05. Le bateau dragon (The dragon boat) 
06. Tapisserie brodée d'or (Gold-embroidered tapestry) 
07. Une chanson d'amour de kanding (Kanding love-song) 
08. Lune d'automne sur la calme (Autumn moon over the calm lake) 
09. Brise dans une pluie de flocons (Light wind in a cloud of falling snow-flakes) 
10. Lune d'automne sur le Palais de l'Empereur des Han (Autumn moon over the Han Imperial Palace) 
11. Promenade au pays de rêves (A walk in the country of dreams) 



Liu Fang         - pipa, guzheng 
Alla             - oud 
Ballake Sissoko  - kora 
Henri Tournier   - bansuri  




-------------

"Silk Sound" is a collaboration between master pipa artist, Liu Fang, and three other cultural artists, who are first class musicians of their own traditional instruments. There's Alla from Algeria, Henri Tournier from the west, and Ballake Sissoko from Africa. The oud and kora, like the pipa, are stringed instruments, and are played by Alla and Sissoko respectively; while the unique bansuri flute is played by Tournier. The fifth instrument in this set is the guzheng, played wonderfully by Liu Fang (yes, she is also highly gifted with the guzheng, although her darling is definitely the pipa). The tone set by this collaboration reminds me of what Yo-Yo Ma does with The Silk Road Ensemble, but I truly do appreciate the music of this album more, it is definitely to my liking, less congested, more focused and intimate. This is without a doubt due to the simple arrangements -- by simple, I don't mean rudimentary, but that the performances are either solos (with Liu Fang on the pipa or guzheng) or duets. The playing is impeccable! The solo performances are of reference quality; and there is great chemistry in the duets, as the artists really do respect each other -- you could really hear it in the playing, as no single individual shouts out, and the harmonies blend like sunlight on water ripples. I have one big curiosity that puzzles me: track 7 is listed as the "Kanding love-song", but it is track 4 "Primary meeting", which carries this love-song's exquisite melody. The CD literature mentions that track 7 is an improvisation of the love-song. I know that improvisations are supposed to be spontaneous and natural, but there is very little resemblance to the love-song. Especially when in fact, track 4 is the "Kanding love-song", not "Primary meeting". There is enough additional playing in track 4 to also pass for an improvisation. Plus, the track 2 duet "Jasmine flower", is written as pipa with bansuri flute -- unless my ears have failed me, it sounds like guzheng and bansuri flute. I couldn't help but think that someone may have botched up the track listings and descriptions. The "Kanding love-song" is one of my favourite Chinese traditional melodies, and also happens to be a song that I learned how to sing in heritage class when I was 10. This piece is one of the reasons I bought this CD. Well, my gripe is over. The recording is first rate: crystal clear and detailed, with fine separation between instruments. However, it is the cohesiveness of the song selections and arrangements, in addition to the top-notch performances, that really makes this album so delightful. If you want to create a mood and atmosphere that takes you to a place, even for a moment in time, away from life's daily routines, then this music will transcend you to such a place."
