File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:52

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1890 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.37 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Toy Soldiers" is a song by Martika appearing on her eponymous debut album in 1989 as a ballad. The single was a number-one hit in the United States. It was sampled by Eminem in his 2004 single, "Like Toy Soldiers".

Years later, Martika claimed that the inspiration for the song came from a friend who was battling cocaine addiction at the time. According to an episode of VH-1's Pop-Up Video, in which the video was featured, the friend in question ultimately beat the addiction.

However this claim was retrospective, as neither Martika nor Columbia made any such claim at the time of the song's release in 1989, and the song's 'anti-drug' reputation was little more than a happy coincidence - in reality it was a standard teen-love song theme about being over-attached to a uninterested, abusive 'bad-boy' boyfriend.

At the time of the song's release, there was growing public concern about drug addiction in the young, and a number of campaigns throughout most of the world during the AIDS crisis warning of the dangers posed by discarded needles, emphasising that even without the needle a used syringe was still dangerous to a child, who might wish to play with one as if it were an old fashioned peg doll or toy soldier.

Songs comparing heroin addiction to an abusive love affair have been a music staple for decades (e.g. The Stranglers 1979 single 'Don't Bring Harry'), and 'Toy Soldiers' motifs of emptiness replacing pain, addiction to something they know is not good for them, and a fear of the consequences if it is not ended (along with the children singing 'won't you come out and play with me?') resulted in the song's heavy rotation by radio and TV as anti-drugs due to the ambiguous nature of the lyrics.

Martika is the only one who sings throughout the song, although she is joined on the chorus by some of her former castmates from Kids Incorporated, including Stacy Ferguson, Rahsaan Patterson, Renee Sands, Jennifer Love Hewitt, and Devyn Puett, as backup vocalists.

The song spent two weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the U.S. and New Zealand while reaching the top ten in the UK. When it spent its first week at number one, it had leapt over Madonna's "Express Yourself" and kept that song from reaching the top spot. On Billboard's year-end chart for 1989, "Toy Soldiers" placed number 29. It was Martika's only number-one single in the U.S., and her highest-ranking single in the UK. The single was certified Gold in the United States by the RIAA.

In March and April 2009, VH1 ran a countdown of the 100 Greatest One-Hit Wonders of the 80s. "Toy Soldiers" placed at #67 on the countdown despite the fact that Martika had three other Top 40 hits: "More Than You Know" (#18); "I Feel the Earth Move" (#25); and "Love ... Thy Will Be Done" (#10).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/