PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: 661796010C55FB319BBB5DD39F4867D1DF6CD7C4
File Size: 1.30 GB
Year: 2004
Label: Sony Music
Catalog #:A3K 70310


Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Soul music is a music genre originating in the United States combining elements of gospel music and rhythm and blues.[1] According to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, soul is "music that arose out of the black experience in America through the transmutation of gospel and rhythm & blues into a form of funky, secular testifying."[2] Catchy rhythms, stressed by handclaps and extemporaneous body moves, are an important feature of soul music. Other characteristics are a call and response between the soloist and the chorus, and an especially tense vocal sound. The genre also occasionally uses improvisational additions, twirls and auxiliary sounds. 




Soul Hits of the 80s 




From


A budget three-CD set, Soul Hits of the 80's collects some of that awkward decade's soul moments from the Columbia/Sony catalog. Note the author's use of "moments" and the title's use of "hits," because they are, in fact, talking about the same songs. Not everything here was a hit, with some of the songs just squeaking into the Billboard Top 100; however, regardless of chart position, they do represent the era very well. There's a broad range of work here, from jazz crossovers like Stanley Jordan with "Heaven Sent You" and Grover Washington with "Summer Nights" to straight pop crossovers like Deniece Williams with "Let's Hear It for the Boy" and the classic and true hit "Easy Lover" by Philip Bailey and Phil Collins. Other actual chart-toppers here include "Juicy Fruit" by Mtume, Herbie Hancock with the seismic hit "Rockit," and one-hit wonder Johnny Kemp with "Just Got Paid." Luther Vandross, Teena Marie, Bill Withers, Babyface, and Regina Belle are a few of the others whose tracks pepper this 40-song (!) collection. It's not definitive, but does a fine job of representing just how broad soul music's reach had become in the '80s. ~ Wade Kergan


Tracks: 


Disc 1


Juicy Fruit - James Mtume
Sanctified Lady - Marvin Gaye
Baby Come To Me - Regina Bell
Stop To Love - Luther Vandross
Let's Hear It For The Boy - Deniece Williams
Caravan Of Love - Isley Jasper Isley
All Cried Out - Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam
Lovergirl - Teena Marie
Shining Star - Manhattans
Fall In Love With Me - Earth, Wind & Fire
Shake You Down - Gregory Abbott
Lovey Dovey - Tony Terry
Easy Lover - Phil Collins & Phillip Bailey



Disc 2 


Encore - Cheryl Lynn
Ooo La La La - Teena Marie
Shower Me With Your Love - Surface
Lost in Emotion - Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam
Magnetic - Earth, Wind & Fire
All In My Mind - Full Force
How 'Bout Us - Champaign
Heaven Sent You - Stanley Clarke
Here and Now - Luther Vandross
You, Me and He - Mtume
Dancing in The Sheets - Shalamar
Thigh Ride - Tawatha Agee
All I Want Is Forever - James Taylor, J.T, Regina Belle


 Disc 3 


Rockit - Herbie Hancock
Summer Nights - Grover Washington Jr.
Wishing Well - Terence Trent Darby
Oh Yeah! - Bill Withers
Save The Overtime (For Me) - Gladys Knight & The Pips
Sweat (Till You Get Wet) - Brick
Hydraulic Pump - P Funk All Stars
Love Attack - Issac Hayes
It's Gonna Be A Miracle - Deneice Williams
Show Me The Way - Regina Belle
Nights (Feel Like Getting Down) - Billy Ocean
Just Got Paid - Johnny Kemp
Fake - Alexander O'Neal
Its No Crime - Babyface




Enjoy :)
