S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Jane's Advanced Strike Fighters (c) Trickstar Games Pty

04-11-2011........Release Date - Protection.............SecuROM
Simulator............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Jane's Advance Strike Fighters is set in the fictional country of
Azbaristan. The once great nation has been torn apart by a decade of
civil war. The ten year war resulted in huge territorial gains for the
Northern Peoples Republicand their controlling political party. This
gave them control of almost the entire country, except the oil-rich
province in the South.

The southern Azbaristan Democratic Front has only managed to hold off
the North with the aid of the West, which supplies military and
logistical aid to the tiny state in return for oil exports. Players
will assume the role of squadron leader Razor and lead the fight to
reunify Azbaristan and protect the West's vital interests.

J.A.S.F is an intense modern flight sim featuring 16 epic story based
missions that will take air combat to the next level. Engage enemies
using 30 authentic licensed fighters as you battle over expansive
battlefields.

Features:

Singleplayer and co-op (2-4 players) campaign with 16 story-driven
missions.

Set in the fictional middle-east country of Azbaristan, players are
part of an American fighter squadron in the middle of a civil war.

30 officially licensed fighter jets, recreated for the game in full
detail.

Theatre of war of. 65,000 square kilometres and varied areas, including
cities, mountains & deserts.

Multiplayer mode for up to 16 players.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

screens: 
http://www.aedes.us/i1/Rzeqn.jpg
