Sybex Autodesk Revit Architecture 2012 Essentials


Get the Essentials on Autodesks fastest growing software package!

The new Essentials series from Sybex helps you quickly learn and use Autodesk software.
This beautiful, task based, full color Autodesk Official Training Guide thoroughly covers the fundamentals of Revit Architecture, teaching readers what they need to become quickly productive with this popular building information modeling (BIM) architectural design software.

By following the books clear explanations, practical tutorials, and step by step exercises, youll cover all the essentials of a typical design workflow. Topics include how to best use the interface, creating floor plans, adding walls and curtain walls, generating color fill plans, preparing documentation, as well as annotating, collaborating, and more. This four color Essentials guide provides you with the fast and thorough grounding you need in Revit Architecture.

Covers Revit Architecture 2012 fundamentals, so you become quickly productive with the software
Prepares you for the Revit Architecture Associate and Professional certification exams
Uses straightforward explanations and real world, hands on exercises and tutorials to teach the softwares core features and functions
Helps you quickly develop the skills needed throughout a project, whether youre a beginner or a more experienced user brushing up on the basics
Go from concepts to complete construction documents with this essential, full color guide.

From the Back Cover
Learn Revit Architecture Quickly and Easily

This unique new Autodesk Official Training Guide thoroughly covers the fundamentals of Revit Architecture and teaches you everything you need to become quickly productive with the software. Learn how to best use the interface, create floor plans, add content, prepare documentation, annotate, and more. Whether youre an aspiring BIM professional or just brushing up on the basics, this is the fast and thorough grounding you need in Revit Architecture.

Learn these Revit Architecture essentials and more:

Visualizing and documenting your design
Adding and modifying content
Working with walls and curtain walls
Modeling, massing, and sketching your best ideas
Tagging rooms and generating color fill plans
Preparing documentation with views and phases
Annotating and scheduling efficiently
Enabling worksharing and collaborating effectively
Easily create accurate takeoffs and attractive presentation documents.
Learn how to design beautiful stairs and railings.

This striking Essentials book features:

Chapter opening learning objectives
Step by step tutorials
Four color screenshots and illustrations
Concise chapter summaries and suggested practice exercises


You can use the free acrobat reader to view this or;
                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/search/Adobe%20Acrobat%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/300


