 http://bayimg.com/naJHlaadE

Rhinoceros (1974)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070605/

Rhinoceros is a play by Eugène Ionesco, written in 1959. The play belongs to the school of drama known as the Theatre of the Absurd. Over the course of three acts, the inhabitants of a small, provincial French town turn into rhinoceroses; ultimately the only human who does not succumb to this mass metamorphosis is the central character, Bérenger, a flustered everyman figure who is often criticized throughout the play for his drinking and tardiness. The play is often read as a response and criticism to the sudden upsurge of Communism, Fascism and Nazism during the events preceding World War II, and explores the themes of conformity, culture, mass movements, philosophy and morality.

Rhinoceros is a 1974 comedy film based on the play by Eugene Ionesco. The film was produced and released as part of the American Film Theatre, which adapted theatrical works for a subscription-driven cinema series.

 Zero Mostel ...  John 
 Gene Wilder ...  Stanley 
 Karen Black ...  Daisy 
 Joe Silver ...  Norman 
 Robert Weil ...  Carl 
 Marilyn Chris ...  Mrs. Bingham 
 Percy Rodrigues ...  Mr. Nicholson 
 Robert Fields ...  Young Man, Logician 
 Melody Santangello ...  Young Woman (as Melody Santangelo) 
 Don Calfa ...  Waiter 
 Lou Cutell ...  Cashier 
 Howard Morton ...  Doctor 
 Manuel Aviles ...  Busboy 
 Anne Ramsey ...  Woman with Cat 
 Lorna Thayer ...  Restaurant Owner 

The residents of a large town are inexplicably turning into rhinoceroses. Stanley (Gene Wilder), a mild-mannered office clerk, watches the bizarre transformations from a bemused distance. But soon the strange occurrences invade his personal space, as his neighbor and best friend John (Zero Mostel) and his girlfriend Daisy (Karen Black) become part of the human-into-rhinoceros metamorphosis that is taking place. Eventually, Stanley realizes that he may be the only human left amidst the new rhinoceros majority.

In adapting Ionesco’s play, several changes were made to the original text. The setting was switched from France to a then-contemporary U.S., complete with a photograph of President Richard Nixon that was comically venerated, and the lead characters Berringer and Jean were renamed with Anglicized names Stanley and John. A new music score by Galt MacDermot was created for the film and a dream sequence was added to the story.

Eugene Ionesco’s Theatre of the Absurd play, translates superbly to the big screen in its American Film Theatre adaptation – an effort to preserve and present important drama to a wider public. It hasn’t given in to the need to be over-literal or more naturalistic for a cinema audience and there are no real rhino’s running through the film. The use of real rhinos was considered, but the eventual use of only shadows and dynamic POV shots are highly effective and appropriately surreal. By today’s standards however, the play is not as absurd as it may once have been considered, it now resembling not so much Kafka as early Woody Allen. Indeed, the film wouldn’t be out of place (except thematically) as one of the skits in Allen’s Everything You Wanted To Know About Sex (But Were Afraid To Ask). This impression is reinforced by Gene Wilder’s typically eccentric performance in what would normally be considered the central role of Béranger, re-named as Stanley for the AFT film. He is however upstaged by Zero Mostel as his neighbour John. Mostel, reprising his Broadway stage role is simply magnificent, relishing every little gesture and intonation. His transformation into a rhinoceros, done without the aid of make-up or special effects, is one of the great moments of the AFT programme of films. 

Behind the antics and the humour, the play’s meaning is not that absurd either. The theme of the play is about keeping one’s individuality, refusing to conform and, quite literally, join the herd. From the playwright’s point of view it’s about fascism, and collective anti-rationalist hysteria, however the play could be adapted to any period and apply to blind conformism to any institution – political, religious or social – where the individual feels their individuality threatened by the need to conform to social conventions, political expedience, marital domesticity or the current moral climate. For the director Tom O’Horgan the play is closely related to his own time, relating to the disillusionment of the sixties generation growing up, giving up on their ideals and becoming just like their parents. There are hints in the AFT production towards this political theme with one character wearing a button badge saying ‘Remember Pearl Harbour’ and a picture of Richard Nixon is venerated, but this is not over-emphasised, perhaps to its fault. Rhinocerous plays up the absurdity and it can often be very funny, but it leaves its message a little vague, unspecified and abstract. 

Tom O'Horgan, a theater director best known for his staging of the original production of the musical Hair, directed Rhinoceros. Zero Mostel, who starred in the 1961 Broadway production of the play, recreated his role as the man who turns into a Rhinoceros. Mostel created a minor brouhaha during the production when he refused to smash any props during the rehearsal of his transformation scene – the actor claimed he had an aversion to destroying property.

Although O'Horgan considered using a live animal to dramatize the transformation, no rhinoceros is ever seen on camera during the film – shadows and POV camera angles are used to suggest the presence of the animals.
