Unique in history, the Course has been compiled from information passed to Madam Amanda Valiant by the highest beings in the spiritual universe during hundreds of communications. Owing to the use of a highly developed and instantaneous method of conversing with those in the spiritual world, Amanda has been in daily touch with those whose knowledge and wisdom are supreme.

       Reincarnated in order to try to arouse public interest in the spiritual existence, Amanda is helping many people by explaining the facts about their being, the reasons for their suffering and what they must do to rise spiritually.

    Most of the knowledge taught is unique and is unknown to anyone who has not already taken the course. Numerous, contemporary enigmas are explained as are many of the mysteries of Biblical events. The course teaches that, when knowledge is available, belief is unnecessary.

      There is no religious belief expressed because wisdom is superior and Amanda Valiant is an independent psychic researcher, unaffiliated to any other organization. To those already on the ‘path’, the Amanda Valiant Course in Spiritual Philosophy will save them years of fruitless searching, since many of the facts revealed are available from no other source.

     In addition to acquiring knowledge hitherto kept secret by the Spiritual Hierarchy, the Course student will find his or her life changed for the better as understanding replaces doubt, as knowledge is substituted for belief and as revelation opens up the psychic awareness of the student. One's ability is increased to the extent that one KNOWS!

The student's value as a spiritual human being is enhanced to the degree that he or she comprehends the reasons for the unpleasant and the pleasant things that happen to him or her. The Course shows the student that life is anything but random, that there is a purpose, that man is not the result of a biological accident and that man is immortal. This implies that one's behaviour while incarnate is of the utmost significance.

      Spiritual progression has to be worked at continuously if one is to break the reincarnation cycle but few people know how best to progress. Many rely upon religious teachings to carry them through life. Some succeed in rising but many do not because mere belief in a dogma cannot guarantee deliverance to the higher realms in heaven.

In Part II of the Course, the names of the Spiritual Hierarchy are revealed and the student is shown a chart showing the Planes in Heaven and their significance. Many of the puzzling aspects of biblical events are explained, such as what really happened to Jesus Christ, and His true purpose on earth.

This remarkable book contains scripts written by God and Jesus Christ through the hand of Amanda Valiant. This is the first time in history that such direct communication has been received from the Spiritual Hierarchy!
