-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: Family.Plot.1976.HDTVRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.24 GiB
Duration: 2h 0mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: You must see it twice!

Storyline:

The trickster Madam Blanche Tyler lures the elder millionaire Julia Rainbird that believes she is a spiritualist. After a séance, she discovers that Julia is tormented by her past, when she forced her sister 
and single mother Harriet to deliver her baby for adoption to avoid a family scandal. Julia promises the small fortune of ten thousand-dollar to Blanche if she finds her nephew and heir of her fortune using her phony powers. 
Blanche asks her boyfriend George Lumley, who is an unemployed actor working as cab driver, to investigate the whereabouts of Julia's nephew. Meanwhile, the greedy jeweler and collector Arthur Adamson kidnaps wealthy people 
with his girlfriend Fran to increase his collection of diamonds with the ransom. When George concludes that Arthur Adamson might be the heir of Julia Rainbird, the reckless Blanche gets in trouble with the kidnappers.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/family_plot/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074512/

Cast:

Barbara Harris 	... 	Blanche Tyler 
Bruce Dern 	... 	George Lumley 
William Devane 	... 	Arthur Adamson aka Edward Shoebridge 
Karen Black 	... 	Fran 
Ed Lauter 	... 	Joseph P. Maloney 
Cathleen Nesbitt 	... 	Julia Rainbird 
Katherine Helmond 	... 	Mrs. Maloney 
Warren J. Kemmerling 	... 	Grandison 
Edith Atwater 	... 	Mrs. Clay 
William Prince 	... 	Bishop Wood 
Nicholas Colasanto 	... 	Constantine 
Marge Redmond 	... 	Vera Hannagan 
John Lehne 	... 	Andy Bush 
Charles Tyner 	... 	Wheeler - Stone Cutter 
Alexander Lockwood 	... 	Parson at Funeral

Genre: Comedy | Crime | Thriller
Directors: Alfred Hitchcock
Rating: No Rating
Language: English
Awards: Nominated for Golden Globe. Another 1 win & 2 nominations
Original source: Family.Plot.1976.720p.HDTV.DD5.1.x264-NaRB

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 350 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 7 247 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 720 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.106

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 320 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 338 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

Usefull sites with subtitles in many languages if you need one:
And if you're a little bit smart you cand find more with your best friend google:) 
http://subscene.com/ 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/en 
http://www.mysubtitles.com/

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,ResourceRG,Rx,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.