Best Picture - 1932 - Grand Hotel

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1536kbps 
Duration.............: 1:52:42
Resolution...........: 640*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 1 
Filesize.............: 1,471,267,578 
SUBTITLES............: ENGLISH
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0022958/
 
http://bayimg.com/HakdNAaDe
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Hotel_(film)

Grand Hotel is a 1932 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding. The screenplay by William A. Drake and Béla Balázs is based on the 1930 play of the same title by Drake, who had adapted it from the 1929 novel Menschen im Hotel by Vicki Baum. The film is the only one to have won the Academy Award for Best Picture without it or its participants being nominated in any other category.

In 2007, Grand Hotel was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant." The line "I want to be alone," famously delivered by Greta Garbo, placed #30 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes.

The film was remade as Week-End at the Waldorf in 1945. It also served as the basis for the 1989 stage musical of the same title. The phrase "Grand Hotel theme" came to be used for any dramatic movie following the activities of various people in a large busy place, with some of the characters' lives overlapping in odd ways and some of them remaining unaware of one another's existence. Such "grand hotel" films have been set at airports, aboard ocean liners, in large department stores, etc., as well as in hotels. Neil Simon alone used the format in both play and film versions of Plaza Suite, California Suite, and London Suite.


Plot

Doctor Otternschlag (Lewis Stone), a disfigured veteran of World War I and a permanent resident of the Grand Hotel in Berlin, wryly observes, "People come and go. Nothing ever happens," after which a great deal transpires. Baron Felix von Geigern (John Barrymore), who squandered his fortune and supports himself as a card player and occasional jewel thief, befriends Otto Kringelein (Lionel Barrymore), a meek accountant who, having discovered he is dying, has decided to spend his remaining days in the lap of luxury. Kringelein's former employer, industrialist General Director Preysing (Wallace Beery), is at the hotel to close an important deal, and he hires stenographer Flaemmchen (Joan Crawford) to assist him. She aspires to be an actress and shows Preysing some magazine photos for which she posed, implying she is willing to offer him more than typing if he is willing to help advance her career.

Another guest is Russian ballerina Grusinskaya (Greta Garbo), whose career is on the wane. She is high strung and seemingly on the verge of a breakdown and utters the famous line "I want to be alone." When the Baron is in her room to steal her jewelry and she returns from the theatre, he hides in her room and overhears her as she talks to herself in despair about wanting to end it all, holding a vial of medication in her hand. He comes out of hiding and engages her in conversation, and Grusinskaya finds herself attracted to him.

The following morning, a repentant Baron returns Grusinskaya's jewels, but she is able to forgive his crime. Instead, she invites him to accompany her to Vienna, an offer he accepts.

The Baron joins Kringelein and Flaemmchen at the hotel bar, and she cajoles the ailing man into dancing with her. Preysing interrupts them and imperiously demands she join him. Irritated by his former employer's coarse behavior, Kringelein - who is aware of Preysing's many swindles - tells him what he thinks of him. Surprised by his uncharacteristic audacity, Preysing attacks Kringelein and the two men must be separated. The Baron is desperate for money to pay his way out of the criminal group he had been working with. He and Kringelein decide to get a card game going, and Kringelein wins everything, and then becomes intoxicated. When he drops his wallet, the Baron locates and quietly stashes it in his jacket pocket, intending to keep the winnings for himself. However, after Kringelein begins to frantically search for his lost belongings, the Baron - who desperately needs the money but has become very fond of Kringelein - pretends to have suddenly discovered the wallet and returns it to him.

As part of a current desperate merger plan, Preysing must travel to London, and he asks Flaemmchen to accompany him. Later, when the two are in her room, which opens on to his, Preysing sees the shadow of the Baron rifling through his belongings. He confronts the Baron; the two struggle, and Preysing bludgeons the Baron with the telephone, killing him. Flaemmchen comes in and sees what happened and tells Kringelein, who confronts Preysing. He insists he acted in self-defense, but Kringelein summons the police and Preysing is arrested.

Grusinskaya departs for the train station, fully expecting to find the Baron waiting for her there. Meanwhile, Kringelein offers to take care of Flaemmchen, who suggests they go to Paris and seek a cure for his illness. As they leave the hotel, Doctor Otternschlag once again observes, "Grand Hotel. People come and go. Nothing ever happens."

Cast

In credits order:
Greta Garbo as Grusinskaya - The Dancer
John Barrymore as The Baron Felix von Gaigern
Joan Crawford as Flaemmchen - The Stenographer
Wallace Beery as General Director Preysing
Lionel Barrymore as Otto Kringelein
Lewis Stone as Dr Otternschlag
Jean Hersholt as Senf - The Porter
Robert McWade as Meierheim
Purnell Pratt as Zinnowitz
Ferdinand Gottschalk as Pimenov
Rafaela Ottiano as Suzette
Morgan Wallace as Chauffeur
Tully Marshall as Gerstenkorn
Frank Conroy (actor) as Rohna
Murray Kinnell as Schweimann
Edwin Maxwell as Dr Waitz

"I want to be alone"

As Grusinskaya, Greta Garbo clearly delivers the line "I want to be alone". She insisted during a later interview[8] "I only said 'I want to be let alone'. There is all the difference." This statement has been repeated in numerous articles about Garbo,[9] to the point that many people may actually believe that the line in the film was "I want to be let alone".
