Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate Features

Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate comes packed with powerful tools that simplify the entire application development process from start to finish. Teams can realize increased productivity and cost savings by utilizing advanced collaboration features as well as integrated testing and debugging tools that help ensure that you deliver high-quality code every time.



Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)

Building successful applications requires a smooth-running process that benefits all team participants. The integrated ALM tools in Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate help organizations collaborate and communicate effectively at every level and gain visibility into real project status, thus ensuring the delivery of high-quality solutions while driving down costs.



Debugging and Diagnostics

Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate introduces IntelliTrace, a valuable debugging feature that makes the "no repro" discussion a thing of the past. Testers can file rich, actionable bugs so developers can always reproduce the reported bug in the state it was found. Other features include static code analysis, code metrics, and profiling.



Testing Tools

Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate comes loaded with all of our advanced testing tools to help ensure the delivery of quality code every time. Take advantage of coded UI tests, which automate the testing of user interfaces in Web and Windows-based applications, as well as manual testing, Test Professional, Web performance testing, load testing, code coverage, and other comprehensive features not found in other Visual Studio editions.



Architecture and Modeling

The Architecture Explorer in Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate helps you understand your existing code assets and their interdependencies. Layer diagramming helps ensure architectural compliance and allows you to validate code artifacts against the diagram. Plus Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate supports the five most common UML diagrams that live alongside your code.



Database Development

Database development requires the same care and attention as application development. Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate recognizes this, and provides robust deployment and change-management tools that help ensure that your database and application are always in sync.



Integrated Development Environment

Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate puts you in the driver's seat. Take advantage of customizable features like support for multi-monitor so you can organize and manage your work however you want. You can also unleash your creativity by utilizing visual designers to leverage the latest platforms, including Windows 7.



Development Platform Support

Whether you're creating new solutions or enhancing existing applications, Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate lets you bring your vision to life on a wide range of platforms including Windows, Windows Server, Web, Cloud, Office and SharePoint, and more, all in a single IDE.



Team Foundation Server

Team Foundation Server (TFS) is the collaboration platform at the core of Microsoft's application lifecycle management solution. TFS automates and streamlines the software delivery process, as well as provides full traceability and real-time visibility into project status, for all team members, with powerful reporting tools and dashboards.



Lab Management

Delivering high-quality applications requires thorough testing of application code. Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate offers a full suite of management tools, including Test Manager 2010, plus provisioning an environment from a template, virtual environment setup and teardown, and checkpoint environments.



MSDN Subscription

Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate with MSDN is the most comprehensive offering for developers. Besides all of the features contained in Visual Studio 2010 Professional with MSDN and Visual Studio 2010 Premium with MSDN, Ultimate with MSDN includes additional hours of Azure compute time, non Visual Studio access to Team Foundation Server through Team Explorer Everywhere, and Test and Lab Manager software.