THE VIKINGS - 1958: Action, Adventure, Replica Longboats, Historical,
             Kirk Douglas, Tony Curtis, Earnest Borgnine, Janet Leigh

Return with us once again to the thrilling days of yesteryear, when
wooden sailing ships had both sails -and- oars.

Why are old movies great and why do new movies suck? At the climax
of The Vikings, there is a to-the-death fight between the two main
protagonists; and from the first sword-stroke to the last, there is
not a single line of dialogue spoken. So? A modern film would have
one-liners peppered throughout the combat...and it would feel FAKE.

Video Source ....: Region 1 widescreen NTSC
Video Codec .....: x264, CQ16, FRFun7, LimitedSharpenFaster, MVDegrain3
Audio Codec .....: Lame MP3 Mono 96Kbps ... English, French, Spanish
Frame Size ......: 1280x544 (upsampled 720x360), 1285x544 Anamorphic DAR
FPS .............: 23.976 original, because "tinny PAL" stinks.
Subtitles .......: two-dozen languages; see files.

Mario Nascimbene OST: 224kBPS

Encoding: The primary problem with the NTSC DVD9 is, aside from the
print being nicked and scratched and covered with dirt and hairs, and
being slathered in grain (as almost all DVDs are), is that it's over-
saturated in bright scenes, leading to high-contrast vertical haloing.

Encoding Tool: AutoMKV 0.984 with a variety of filters.
Result: Grain (along with smaller specks of dirt and hairs) removed.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052365/

One outstanding movie!, 16 May 2000
10/10  Author: ggilles104 from Chicago Illinois

The Vikings is a top notch movie. I too saw this movie as a young kid in the 50's and I loved it then. I went and saw it every time it was rereleased in the theaters. Viewing it on video 40 years later it has lost none of its luster. Kirk Douglas gives an outstanding performance as Einar. Ernest Borgnine should be the prototype of all future viking performances. Excellent supporting cast in Frank Thring and James Donald. Everything about this movie is excellent including the musical score, the scenery, the story line, the makeup. This film gives a true picture of Viking savagery and love of life and war. I do not want to give away any of the plot so just rent this movie you will not be disappointed. 