Artist:  Dave.I.D
Title:    Response
Label:    K7
Genre:    Drum & Bass
Bitrate:  261kbit av
Time:    00:40:20
Size:    79.91 mb
Rip Date: 2011-05-18
Str Date: 2011-06-13

01. When Everything Is In It's Place                              3:34
02. SumR                                                          4:40
03. The Takeover                                                  3:46
04. You Me Come For                                              4:48
05. Oil                                                          3:39
06. HIS                                                          4:58
07. Now                                                          3:40
08. Marvel                                                        4:24
09. There's A Kingdom For That                                    3:46
10. Mine                                                          3:05

Release Notes

Dave.I.D likes to think for himself. Always has done. Its the reason
why his debut album didnt go quite according to his initial plan. He
was going to make, to use his own words, something pretty simple and
straightforward. But then he noticed lots of his friends were
discovering new beliefs. Some even tried to convert him. I'm very
open-minded to different beliefs, but I question and see things
slightly differently, he says. Without necessarily wanting to, he
found himself reflecting on existential questions. The album is a
record of the time that it was made, and thats what was going on in my
life at the time. I didnt necessarily want to make the debut album
like that. I felt I had to make it

The cerebral inspiration catapulted him into musics outer rim. He
beamed back a dark, dense sometimes confrontational sound, but
ultimately compelling sound. But, in the end, it turned out to be a
happy accident because the resulting record, called Response
appropriately enough, is mind-bendingly inventive, brilliantly
off-kilter and constantly surprising. On HIS ethereal vocals echo
over funereal synths. Its darkly evocative, like a forgotten gem by
80s industrial heroes Chris & Cosey. Elsewhere the clanging beats,
noirish chords and pugnacious melodies of When Everything Is In Its
Place recall harder edged industrial influences such as Einstrzende
Neubauten

Crucially, the tough sonics are paired with killer melodies: this is
deep, heavy music you can hum. The juddering rhythms on You Me Come
For underpin an anthemic chorus of warm digital fuzz and strangely
uplifting vocal keens. Meanwhile, SumR is built around a baroque
harpsichord riff, over which Dave flips and vaults with brooding
tunefulness. And despite the industrial references, its definitely not
some retro homage. There are hints of Warp-style electronica,
experimental noise that echoes bands such as Liars, the sharp fusion of
mind-busting innovation and melody which recalls TV On The Radio and
oblique nods to the post-dubstep scene, the latter a similarity of mood
rather than a shared sound. In short, its a record that could only
have been made now

Dave i.d, started making music in earnest in 2006. Before that it was
just messing around with computers in his bedroom. In the first place
making music was a way of stopping myself going crazy, he explains
It was better than sitting in a room talking to myself. It was also
an escape from the daily grind of studying to be an accountant. Ever
since I was at primary school I was good at maths, he explains. I
wanted to do something with numbers, but I chose the most boring thing
to do with numbers possible. In the end I gave it up because it was so
boring

His first release, Why Werent The Message Sent, came at the
beginning 2009. Like the album, he made the track in a
10-foot-by-ten-foot wooden cube sitting in the storage space of a
former art gallery. Its an old art project, which has a
multi-functional use he explains. At present I call it Daves
Studio

Working alone is important to Dave.I.D. He doesnt think hed be an
easy person to collaborate with. For me working alone is the only way
I know how to work. To have something interfere with the way Im used
to working might not have worked out. I imagine I would have lost
interest if someone else had got involved and started sprinkling their
fairy dust on it. I like to do things a certain way

Hes reluctant to talk about influences, and hes got a point he
doesnt really sound like anyone else. That said, the records he was
listening to while making Why Werent The Message Sent and later
Response help make sense of his singular sound. I got into a lot of
noise bands like Ex Models. I felt a strong connection to the second
and third Liars albums, They Were Wrong, So We Drowned (2004) and
Drums Not Dead (2006). The Drift by Scott Walker is a great album
I think those are the people that have had an effect on me musically
The common thread is a prioritisation of sound over melody. I got
really interested in stuff like that because textures are always more
important to me than a tune, he confirms. But if you can use good
textures and still write a good tune then thats OK too

Ask him about the future, and he responds instantly. My dream is for
this to be an option. Im ambitious. I want people to like what I do
The difference is that Im not going to sugar coat it for you. I dont
have that need. I really just like pleasing myself at the moment

Its more of a passive statement than a modern update of Suicides
confrontational stance. Thing is, while pleasing himself hes made an
album that fizzes and pops with creativity. Hes going to have to get
used to other people being pretty pleased with it too
