 http://bayimg.com/LaJBkaadC

Poison (1991) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102687/

THE SOURCE WAS THE UNRATED VHS CONVERTED TO SVCD FORMAT USING ADSTECH DVDXpress COMPRESSED TO DIVX USING PocketDivXEncoder

Poison is a 1991 independent film written and directed by Todd Haynes. Composed of three intercut stories that are partially inspired by the novels of Jean Genet [Miracle of the Roses, Our Lady of the Flowers, Thief's Journal] . With its gay themes, Poison is considered an early entry in the New Queer Cinema movement.

 Edith Meeks ...  Felicia Beacon 
 Millie White ...  Millie Sklar 
 Buck Smith ...  Gregory Lazar 
 Anne Giotta ...  Evelyn McAlpert 
 Lydia Lafleur ...  Sylvia Manning 
 Ian Nemser ...  Sean White 
 Rob LaBelle ...  Jay Wete 
 Evan Dunsky ...  Dr. MacArthur 
 Marina Lutz ...  Hazel Lamprecht 
 Barry Cassidy ...  Officer Rilt 
 Richard Anthony ...  Edward Comacho 
 Angela M. Schreiber ...  Florence Giddens 
 Justin Silverstein ...  Jake 
 Chris Singh ...  Chris 
 Edward Allen ...  Fred Beacon 

A fascinating, narratively perverse triptych of stories, Poison ignited a firestorm of controversy when its post-production funding by the National Endowment for the Arts became a target of the religious right. Par for the course, none of the accusors bothered to watch the film or even do their homework, but the damage was still inflicted, evaporating many government-sponsored arts programs for future generations. Designed as a feature follow up to the celebrated (and sadly unavailable) Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story, this film quickly put Todd Haynes on the map outside of the standard "gay filmmaker" status, though none of his subsequent efforts have garnered the notoriety of this acidic debut. 

The three intercut stories that comprise Poison are:

Hero: A young boy shoots his father and then flies away. The story is told in the style of a documentary film. 

Horror: Told in the style of 1950s drive-in sci-fi movies, Horror is about a scientist who isolates the "elixir of human sexuality" and, after drinking it, is transformed into a hideous murdering monster. 

Homo: The story of a prisoner who finds himself attracted to another prisoner whom he had known and seen humiliated as a youth in a juvenile facility.


Poison was first screened at the Sundance Film Festival in 1991 and later received a limited release in the United States.

Berlin International Film Festival 
 
1991  Won Teddy Best Feature Film Todd Haynes  

Fantasporto 
 
1992  Won Critics' Award Todd Haynes 
1992  Nominated International Fantasy Film Award Best Film Todd Haynes 
 
Independent Spirit Awards 

1992  Nominated Independent Spirit Award Best Director Todd Haynes 
1992  Nominated Independent Spirit Award Best First Feature Todd Haynes (director) Christine Vachon (producer)  

Locarno International Film Festival 
 
1991  Nominated Golden Leopard Todd Haynes 
 
Sitges - Catalonian International Film Festival 
 
1991  Won Special Prize of the Jury Todd Haynes For keeping the subversive values inherent to any genuine poetry in force. 

Sundance Film Festival 
 
1991  Won Grand Jury Prize Dramatic Todd Haynes  

