About the Kit
The Computer Business Kit contains over 30+ ready-to-use legal documents, computer business forms and marketing templates to help you protect yourself and look professional.

There are lots of situations that can arise in the day to day running of a Computer Business. What happens if the client never returns to pick up the computer? You cannot hold onto it forever.
What happens if the client returns a week after you disposed of it? You will need something in writing specifying what happens in such situations and this is what the Computer Business Kit was designed for.

The Computer Business Kit is also designed to help you establish and maintain your business systems on how you complete work. The Business Kit contains with a series of checklists to help you make sure you do the job correctly every time. For example, if you follow our Backup checklist when backing up a clients data before a OS reinstall, you are less likely to forget about backing up certain data.

We have already done the hard work creating these templates which means you don’t have to. All you have to do is replace our sample logo and contact details with yours and you are good to go. If you paid a lawyer to draft similar documents it would cost you hundreds of dollars, if not thousands. With the Computer Business Kit, you can get started for $79.

There are 4 versions of the Computer Business Kit. An American, British, Canadian and an Australian version which you can choose after you press the “Buy Now” button. The legal wording differs to comply with the laws of each country as well as the correct spelling. For example, America’s spelling of “labor” verses the United Kingdoms “labour”. So you know you are getting something that is tailored to your country.

What’s Included
30+ Legal and Business Documents
37 Marketing Templates
List of Suppliers in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia
List of Computer Recyclers in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia
Discounts for many leading Computer Business Products (savings on these products can be greater than the cost of the Kit)