Learning Cocos2D: A Hands-On Guide to Building iOS Games with Cocos2D, Box2D, and Chipmunk By Rod Strougo, Ray Wenderlich
 Publisher: Addi..son-Wes..ley Professional 2011 | 640 Pages | ISBN: 0321735625 | PDF | 15 MB



Build the Next Great iOS Game with Cocos2D! 

 Cocos2D is the powerhouse framework behind some of the most popular games in the App Store. If you’ve played Tiny Wings, Angry Birds, Mega Jump, Trainyard, or even Super Turbo Action Pig, then you’ve played a game that uses Cocos2D or Box2D physics. The beauty of Cocos2D is its simplicity. It’s easy to become overwhelmed when you start developing an iOS game, especially if you look at things like OpenGL ES, OpenAL, and other lower level APIs. Writing a game for the iPhone and iPad does not have to be that difficult, and Cocos2D makes game development fun and easy.

 Learning Cocos2D walks you through the process of building Space Viking (which is free on the App Store), a 2D scrolling game that leverages Cocos2D, Box2D, and Chipmunk. As you build Space Viking, you’ll learn everything you need to know about Cocos2D so you can create the next killer iOS game.

 Download the free version of Space Viking from the App Store today! Help Ole find his way home while learning how to build the game.

As you build Space Viking, you’ll learn how to
Install and configure Cocos2D so it works with Xcode 4
Build a complete 2D action adventure game with Cocos2D
Add animations and movement to your games
Build your game’s main menu screen for accessing levels
Use Cocos2D’s Scheduler to make sure the right events happen at the right times
Use tile maps to build scrolling game levels from reusable images
Add audio and sound effects with CocosDenshion—Cocos2D’s sound engine
Add gravity, realistic collisions, and even ragdoll effects with Box2D and Chipmunk physics engines
Add amazing effects to your games with particle systems
Leverage Game Center in your game for achievements and leader boards
Squeeze the most performance from your games along with tips and tricks