Evil Angel - Asian Fucking Nation 4.avi

Asian Fucking Nation 4

Description from cd universe:

"Nobody loves sexuality of the Far Eastern persuasion more fervently than  Jonni Darkko, and his Asian Fucking Nation 4 viscerally and artfully  expresses the appreciation. The deluxe double-disc stars a cast of Asian  fucking sensations in ...    Full Descriptionfive  main scenes plus five more bonus titillations. The wildest slut here is  glamorously nasty Max Mikita, who takes on and tames three cocks (four  in the facial finale). With aggressive lust, she sucks prick  ass-to-mouth and bucks through a dynamic double-penetration.  Incorrigible Max then commands four cocks to attention for a circle-suck  that leaves her face plastered in thick semen, but still gorgeous.  Cover girl Miko Sinz, a pretty, new fuck confection, sunbathes by a  neighbor's pool in exchange for sexual favors that put her trim  California bod on advantageous display. Lana Croft and Annie Cruz come  together in a scene soaked with spit and cum, both female and male -  Annie squirts multiple, graphically gushing female ejaculations before  they share their stud's semen mouth-to-mouth. Another new talent is cute  Carmina Kai, who reacts to a thorough manhandling (choking,  hair-pulling, pussy-to-mouth deep-throat) with submissive joy. Lovely  Mia Lelani is stacked enough to provide ample tit-fucking and horny  enough to follow up a hard screwing with two more blow jobs that leave  her comely face a creamy, sloppy mess. A generous five bonus scenes are  included; three of 'em star Miko (with Jonni and the huge cocks Chris  Charming and Winston Burbank); Lana gets Jonni and Winston in her bonus  scene; Max too returns for some director dick. On top of all that  there's over half-an-hour of behind-the-scenes stuff!"

Resolution:  576x320       

Duration:    aprox 02:30       
	
Size:	     1.36 Gb     

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-03D3_4D4FD967.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-16C8_4D4FD967.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-1AEB_4D4FD967.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-1ED6_4D4FD967.html