These Vinyl rips were recorded on a Denon DP-45F turntable using an Audio Technica AT120E cartridge. The preamplifier was a Cambridge 640P. Sound card, an ASUS XONAR Essence ST (Windows 7).
Recorded using Audacity 1.3 Beta. Pops, Clicks, and Noise removed using iZotope Rx Advanced 2.01 software.
iZotope was easily the most important part of this process. Some of my vinyl is fifty years old. All were recorded using 32 bit float at 96 kHz sample rate, then ouputed to 32 bit 96 kHz WAV files, then edited with iZotope. The edited WAV files were then converted to 24-96 FLAC files and 320 bitrate mp3 at 48 kHz sample rate.

This is A Lot of work folks!    



The Shape of Jazz to Come is an influential album by Ornette Coleman. It was his debut album for Atlantic Records who released it in late 1959.

The Shape of Jazz to Come was one of the first avant-garde jazz albums ever recorded. It was recorded in 1959 by Coleman's piano-less quartet. The album was considered shocking at the time, because it had no recognizable chord structure and included simultaneous improvisation by the performers in a much freer style than previously heard in jazz.

Coleman's major breakthrough was to leave out chord-playing instruments. Each selection contains a brief melody, much like the tune of a typical jazz song, then several minutes of free improvisation, followed by a repetition of the main theme; while this resembles the conventional head-solo-head structure of bebop, it abandons the use of chord structures.


The album was a breakthrough work, in that it helped establish the free jazz movement. Later avant-garde jazz was often very different from this, but the work laid the foundation for the format in which nearly all later avant-garde and free jazz would be played.

In 2003, the album was ranked number 246 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.[3] The Penguin Guide to Jazz gave its "crown" accolade to the album, in addition to a four-star rating (of a possible four stars).

    All compositions by Ornette Coleman.

 Side A

   1. "Lonely Woman" – 5:02
   2. "Eventually" – 4:22
   3. "Peace" – 9:04

 Side B

   1. "Focus on Sanity" – 6:52
   2. "Congeniality" – 6:48
   3. "Chronology" – 6:03

 Personnel

    * Ornette Coleman – alto saxophone
    * Don Cherry – cornet
    * Charlie Haden – double bass
    * Billy Higgins – drums
