 http://bayimg.com/Oajhjaade

The Man in the Glass Booth (1975)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073345/

The Man in the Glass Booth is a 1975 American drama film directed by Arthur Hiller. It was adapted from the novel and stage play of the same name by Robert Shaw.

 Maximilian Schell ...  Arthur Goldman 
 Lois Nettleton ...  Miriam Rosen 
 Lawrence Pressman ...  Charlie Cohn 
 Luther Adler ...  Presiding Judge 
 Lloyd Bochner ...  Churchill 
 Robert H. Harris ...  Dr. Weisberg 
 Henry Brown ...  Jack Arnold 
 Norbert Schiller ...  Dr. Schmidt 
 Berry Kroeger ...  Joachim Berger 
 Leonardo Cimino ...  Dr. Alvarez 
 Connie Sawyer ...  Mrs. Levi 
 Leonidas Ossetynski ...  Samuel 
 David Nash ...  Rami 
 Martin Berman ...  Uri 
 Richard Rasof ...  Moshe 

There have been many attempts over the years to depict the horror or the effects of the Holocaust on film, but it’s a subject fraught with pitfalls for any filmmaker. It’s doubtful that the true nature, sheer enormity and complete obscenity of such an event can ever be conveyed on the screen and it’s telling that perhaps the most effective film on the subject – Alain Renais’ short documentary film Night and Fog (Nuit et Brouillard) – is mercifully concise and restrained, yet ugly, brutal and shocking. Even Spielberg’s Schindler’s List is weighed down by its distancing glamorous cinematography and well-meaning pathos that distorts its message with bloated sentimentality. One other way of dealing with the subject – which many feel is no more effective – is to attempt to confront the subject with humour since the matter is too absurd to confront rationally, as in Roberto Benigni’s Life Is Beautiful. This black, absurdist approach is taken by Robert Shaw’s controversial stage play and its American Film Theatre adaptation, The Man In The Glass Booth.

The plot was inspired by actual events surrounding the kidnapping and trial of Adolf Eichmann. Arthur Goldman is Jewish and a Nazi death camp survivor. Now a rich industrialist, he lives in luxury in a Manhattan high-rise. He banters with his assistant Charlie, often shocking him with his outrageousness and irreverence about aspects of Jewish life. One day, Israeli secret agents burst in and kidnap Goldman and take him to Israel for trial on charges of being a Nazi war criminal. Goldman's trial forces his accusers to face not only his presumed guilt, but their own as well.

Shaw’s play takes an interesting angle on survivor’s guilt, the deep-rooted psychosis that the Holocaust has had on the Jewish psyche and plunges deep and controversially into many previously unexplored areas, but – at least in Arthur Hiller’s filmed version of the drama for the American Film Theatre – he doesn’t succeed, coming across as too damned clever to really get to the nature of the survivor’s trauma. 

Describing the play as an “intellectual thriller”, Arthur Hiller says the play was re-written for the screen by AFT script-editor Edward Anhalt in order to give it more emotional charge. He talks about Shaw’s dislike of the screenplay and his decision to remove his name from anywhere on the credits, but claims that Shaw changed his mind when he saw the finished film.

Academy Awards, USA 
1976  Nominated Oscar Best Actor in a Leading Role Maximilian Schell  

Golden Globes, USA 
1976  Nominated Golden Globe Best Motion Picture Actor - Drama Maximilian Schell  

Writers Guild of America, USA 
1976  Nominated WGA Award (Screen) Best Drama Adapted from Another Medium Edward Anhalt 
 

