Nils Petter Molvær
ER
2005
Sula Records (Thirsty Ear Recordings, 2006) 
http://www.thirstyear.com/album_detail.php?artist=Nils%20Petter%20Molvaer&album=ER

* Nils Petter Molvær: bass, double bass, drum programming, keyboards, producer, sampling, soundscape, trumpet
* Eivind Aarset: guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, vocals
* Rune Arnesen: composer, drums, percussion
* Pål «Strangefruit» Nyhus: arranger, bass, drum programming, editing, programming
* Jan Bang: composer, drum programming, pre-production, producer, sampling
* Sidsel Endresen: composer, vocals
* Elin Rosseland: vocals
* Ingebrigt Flaten: accoustic bass, double bass
* Knut Sævik: arranger, drum programming, editing, mixing, producer, programming, wah wah bass
* Erik Honore: keyboards, pre-production, producer
* Magne Furuholmen: piano
* Helge Nordbakken: percussion
* Reidar Skår: editing, mixing, producer


Homepage: 
http://www.nilspettermolvaer.info/

Review
~~~~~~ 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/er-r807113
by Thom Jurek

Norwegian trumpeter Nils Petter Molvær made his small mark on fans and critics
alike in the United States with his fine pair of ECM recordings. After a couple
of years working in Europe, he returned to the release scene in the U.S. with An
American Compilation in June of 2006. That disc was a selection of tracks from
this album, his remix disc, and live cuts of tunes from the ECM period. In fact,
ER is being issued simultaneously with Streamer, the live CD. Molvær is now on
the Thirsty Ear imprint and these recordings are being issued via the label's
Blue Series, which is curated by Matthew Shipp. Some have questioned whether the
trumpeter and composer's work is actually "jazz." Interestingly, the Europeans
don't give it a second thought. Who cares anyway? What the tracks on ER point to
is what a compelling musician and writer Molvær is. In association with
guitarist Eivind Aarset, bassist Ingebrigt Flaten, drummer Rune Arnesen,
vocalist Sidsel Endresen, and a host of other sidemen who do everything from
programming to organic percussion to playing pianos and other keyboards, Molvær
has created a dreamy, seductive, and utterly compelling brand of new
electronically kissed jazz. Rhythms are everywhere to be found, from drums and
percussion instruments to loops and samples. Molvær's trumpet is warm, rounded,
played sparely. He's not looking for fire; he's content with the smoldering
smoke. Check tracks like the utterly beguiling "Only These Things Count,"
fronted by the trumpeter and Endresen's gorgeous yet plaintive vocal. On
"Darker," the trumpeter's melody is the only thing that keeps the track in a
groove as cross-cutting -- yet sparsely programmed -- loops cross hairs in the
middle. Aarset's guitar playing is heavy on atmosphere and void of any
instrumental masturbation disguised as guitar heroics. Elsewhere, such as on the
shimmering "Water," Endresen's all but wordless vocals in three ranges appear
and slip into the ether, and Molvær's trumpet is more reminiscent of Jon
Hassell. Rhythmic invention is created despite the programming. Dynamics shift
and flow with rhythmic tensions, and the whole thing feels like an enchanting
dream. The set concludes with the spaced-out and melodically inventive "Dancer,"
where drones of trumpet, keyboards, and guitar are matched by organic
percussion, a drum kit, and vinyl channeling. The drums and percussion
instruments chant their rhythms as Molvær floats around them with a skeletal yet
pronounced melody. He's the singer in the tune as Aarset hovers, gracing the
proceedings with another sonic dimension. In sum, it's a gorgeous set and one of
Molvær's best. ER is a welcome return, and hopefully listeners won't have to
wait years to get caught up on his activities from now on.