Magic Uneraser

Recover files and documents, undelete movies, unerase music and pictures in just a few clicks!

Magic Uneraser offers fully guided, step-by-step approach to recovering deleted files. Featuring new-generation data recovery algorithms, Magic Uneraser can read the entire disk block after block to successfully recover files that other tools won’t even see. Supporting all versions of Windows including Vista and Windows 7, Magic Uneraser allows you to unerase deleted files and recover information from all types of storage media. With the latest release of Magic Uneraser, you can recover deleted files from healthy or damaged hard drives, formatted partitions, crashed and inaccessible disks, memory cards, as well as USB flash drives. 

Magic Uneraser will recover your files located on disks and memory cards formatted with any version and revision of FAT or NTFS file systems, including NTFS-compressed files. Recovered files can be undeleted onto a CD/DVD, uploaded over FTP, or packed into an ISO image.

Recover Deleted Files
Supports all revisions of FAT, NTFS, and NTFS5 file systems
Recovers deleted files from healthy and damaged disks, deleted and formatted partitions
Supports all versions of Windows including Vista, Windows 7 and 2008 Server
Recovers files from any types of data carriers (hard disks, digital cameras, USB-disks, flash-cards, all memory cards, etc.).
Features fully guided, step-by-step file recovery wizard
Recovers compressed files on NTFS drives

Easy and Reliable File Recovery

Magic Uneraser recovers deleted files and folders in a snap. Supporting the recovery of all types of files including office documents, digital pictures, MP3 and compressed ZIP archives, this file recovery software will get your files back quickly and reliably. Whether you removed an important document from the Recycle Bin, formatted a memory card or survived a hard disk crash rendering the disk inaccessible, Magic Uneraser will help you get back on track in the most efficient way.
File Recovery Software: the Easy Way

Using the new file recovery software is easy. Just run the recovery wizard, and recovery software will scan your disk looking for lost and deleted files. After the scan is complete, you can browse the disk with a convenient Explorer-like tool. The built-in file browser looks exactly like Windows Explorer – no need to learn new tricks to browse and recover deleted files!
Deleted File Preview

Magic Uneraser comes with fully featured pre-recovery preview available in its free evaluation and full versions. The preview will allow you to open and view deleted files, documents, pictures, music, archived and movies just like they were regular files sitting on your disk. Pre-recovery preview saves time and effort allowing you to undelete only those files that can be recovered.
Advanced File Recovery Algorithms

 The file recovery software incorporates a variety of advanced algorithms allowing Magic Uneraser to recover deleted files and folders that other file recovery products can’t even see. The tool carefully scans the entire hard disk or reads the whole memory card block after block. Comparing information it reads from the disk with a database of recognized file formats, the file recovery algorithm is able to locate deleted files such as documents, pictures, archives, movies and music even if no record of them is left in the file system.
By using advanced file recovery algorithms, Magic Uneraser can successfully recover files and folders from deleted partitions, repartitioned and formatted disks. Even if the disk is completely inaccessible and suffered a crash, file recovery software can still access the disk, locate and recover files from its surface.
File Recovery Software for All Versions of Windows

Magic Uneraser supports all versions of Windows including Windows Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 2008 Server as well as all older versions of Windows. File recovery software recognizes all versions and revisions of FAT and NTFS file systems, including the recovery of deleted NTFS-compressed files.
Recovers Files from Any Media

The recovery software can undelete files from all types of desktop and laptop hard drives, internal and external storage devices, memory cards, USB sticks, as well as MP3 players and digital cameras connected to a PC via a USB cord.
Order Magic Uneraser

Home Edition
$49.95
$39.95
Buy now
via Plimus	Buy now
via Share-it!
Office Edition
$169.95
$139.95
Buy now
via Plimus	Buy now
via Share-it!
Commercial Edition
$299.95
$239.95
Buy now
via Plimus	Buy now
via Share-it!

Enjoy!