

One of Australia’s finest female fronted metal acts, Divine Ascension have proven to be an awe-inspiring live act lead by the powerful, emotive performance of Jennifer Borg – a name to be etched alongside the likes of Anette Olzon (Nightwish), Sharon den Adel (Within Temptation) & Floor Jansen (After Forever).

Backing the theatrical and cabaret trained Borg are five men full of drive and spirit on stage. The sheer energy produced during a Divine Ascension set has caught many and left them stunned. Experiencing a Divine Ascension show is in-part like stepping into their songs and experiencing the tale there in, and in-part sharing in the bands exhilarating performance that leaves none in its wake.

Recording a roughly cut demo in September 2007, the name Divine Ascension soon brought about a multitude of attention from fans and media alike. Initially, the 3 track CD was recorded to help the band obtain gigs, however, this quickly grew to bigger things once local and national radio stations picked up the CD and spun it numerous times. Interviews were requested and supports with local metal heavy weights ensued, and the name Divine Ascension was soon on the lips of those in the local scene as a fresh new talent not to be missed.

Two years on from the demo recording and a ‘baptism of fire’ touring the local scene, Divine Ascension found themselves in the early stages of recording their full-length debut album. With 12 tracks totalling 60 minutes of music, this release, due October 11, 2011 on NIGHTMARE RECORDS, is bound to receive global attention and see the band obtaining a place as one of the world’s best emerging female fronted metal acts. This will not only allow Divine Ascension to storm onto the international metal scene, but will continue to cast the global metal spotlight on the shores of Australia. Many great Australian bands have gone before and are still showing their wares on the international stages, keeping Australia in the hearts of many metal fans as a continuing source of outstanding music.

Divine Ascension is gearing up to show the world they mean business and their debut album will be their spearhead. Join them on their expedition and experience Divine Ascension.

Line-up:

Luke Wenczel - Drums
Karl Szulik - Guitars (lead)
Robert Inglis - Guitars (rhythm)
Jennifer Borg - Vocals
David Van Pelt - Keyboards
Simon Mahoney - Bass



As the Truth Appears

Debut full-lenght released in 2011.

Tracklist:

01 Answers 5:04
02 Visionary 4:23
03 In My Mind 4:40
04 Vision Divine 5:46
05 Guided by Osiris 6:25
06 One Last Caress 4:28
07 Garden of Evil 4:46
08 Another Battlefield 4:42
09 Hope Arising 4:35
10 Civilization 4:28
11 Unscathed 4:58
12 Not Today 3:56