This is one of the most complete collections of old Nintendo, Super Nintendo, Sega, Sega Genesis game packs ever!
If you can't find your favorite game here, you don't have one. With over 700 to choose from...These are just a few of what you get. Emulators are included for each game system, Just extract to a directory of choice, Pick the emulator that works best for you, set up your game pad and blast off. Note: I have not tested on Windows 7 but works fine on 95,98,2000,ME,XP,Vista So I would imagine it will work on Windows 7 as well. The files are self contained so they don't attach to the Windows system. Have Fun!!

Mega Man 1-6
Mario
Sonic
Donkey Kong
Faxanadu
Double Dragon
Duck Tales
Ghouls and ghosts
Digger
Bugs Bunny's birthday
Castlevania
metroid
Mickey Mouse
Ninja Gaiden
Pac Man
Robo Cop
PitFall
Tailspin
Frogger
Wolfen
Zelda
Alex the Kid
Afterburner
Chuck Rock
Duke Nukem
Fatal Fury
Ghost Busters
Golden Axe
Home Alone
Kid Chameleon
Bomberman
Road Rash
Simpsons
Sonic and Knuckles
Street fighter
Streets of Rage
Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles
Terminator
Tiny Toon Adventures
Mortal Kombat
Toejam & Earl
X-Men
Zombies Ate My Neighbors
Bubble Bobble
California Games
Back to the Future
Altered Beast
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Lion King
Lemmings
Jungle Book
Ms. Pac-man
Alien Vs Predator
Battletoads
Beavis and Butthead
Batman
Bubsy
Doom
Dragon Ball Z



NOTE: It has taken years to collect these and may not ever be found again, treat this like gold!

Additional Install Notes:
Use Winzip or some other zip utility to extract all files to a new folder ie..c:\Program Files\Old Video Games  ...or something like that, of course you can name the new folder  
anything you want, once this is done you'll notice all the files seperate into proper folders, no need to create a folder for each game system, I've already done that for you. Next setup each emulator for that system ie... I find that ( jnes_0_5_1 ) seems to work fine for me with the NES Roms, and ( zsneswv1.36 ) works fine for the SNES Roms, and so on, but you choose. Each Emulator is different and you have to set up your game pad for that system, the browse for the Rom location in the directory you created, do this with each emulator you choose and you're done, create a shortcut for each emulator and place on your desktop or where ever, double click on it, it will open and you'll see the Roms in a pane, just load the game you want to play.

This isn't hard at all to set up, it might seem more complicated reading it, but I started this collection in 1996 and knew nothing about it and I was playing in no time, to me these games never go out of style.

HAVE FUN!! And don't forget to Seed!!! 

Comments:scorpious2797@aol.com


ALL VIRUS FREE!!! Note: Some scanners may see false positive but I assure you they are clean, I've used them since 1996.