 http://bayimg.com/AaDojAADO

Watch Out (2008) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1189914/


College professor Jonathan Barrows (Matt Riddlehoover) pursues a job at a community college in small-town Michigan but experiences hardships when he arrives at the institution to be interviewed by adjunct professor Dr. Mendoza and is forced to hang around the town until the professor is available. Barrows is a good-looking man living inside his twisted head, notably disturbed by dreadful memories of his parents' (Jon Niccum, Nancy Pujol) voyeuristic interest in his loss of virginity and horror stories of his hometown. 

  Matt Riddlehoover  ...  Jonathan Barrows  
  Amy Kelly  ...  Gina  
  Peter Stickles  ...  Brian  
  Jeff Dylan Graham  ...  Bobby  
  Jillian Lauren Dreskin  ...  Margaret / The Pop Star (as Jillian Lauren)  
  Miriam Climenhaga  ...  Beate  
  Starina Johnson  ...  Andrea  
  Lady Monster  ...  Mandy - the Translucent Woman  
  Frankie Krainz  ...  The Desk Clerk (as Frank Krainz)  
  Betti O  ...  Miss Grimmlager  
  Cameron DeVictor  ...  The Advisor  

Inspired by the novel by best-selling author Joseph Suglia, Watch Out is a seemingly chthonic black comedy come horror film by the venturesome independent filmmaker Steve Balderson (Underbelly, Firecracker, Pep Squad), who without question sparks another debate as to whether or not his recent genre-defying cinematic piece crosses the line between art or entertainment, is shocking or progressive, obscene or artistic. Some things are better left unseen and are usually censored before they make it to the big screen. Others find niche audiences seeking to see something less mass-marketable that appeals to their inner demons, pushing them against the grain and taking them to another place, for the sheer purpose of feeding that curious cat inside of them, while introspectively seeking the gumption to view something controversial, taboo or in shameful bad taste in the vein of John Water's Pink Flamingos, Peter Jackson's Bad Taste or Matthew Barney's Drawing Restraint 9. When something is perceived so outrageous, even frightful to watch, dare you continue to watch for the sake of seeing what happens next? Many would say no, but internet surfers and film enthusiasts alike know their secret inner demons, clicking from one internet site to the next, viewing various lengths of film for their amusement, entertainment and sometimes their dismay. Watch Out is a film that will test your moral fabric, shock and appall you, even make you uncomfortable, but that is seemingly the intention. 

The collaboration of Riddlehoover and Balderson overtly addresses the issues of characterization of people in society, human sexuality, mental health and behavior. Balderson is no stranger to controversy or cult film, he consistently pushes the barrier of your comfort levels and nudges you a little further to uneasy each time. Watch Out is a film about a redundantly stated autosexual, narcissistic to such a degree he covers the face of an inflatable doll with his very own picture and makes wild and bewildering love to it, demonstrating self-love to such audacity it invokes fear that there just may be someone living next door to you, teaching your students, even eating at your favorite restaurant who behind closed doors delves into the sickest perversions of their own psyche and sexuality and acts upon them. Jonathan Barrows is mortifying, lock your doors!

This is not a nice movie for nice people. One really does need to have a love for dark humor intact to find any of this funny, or even watchable. Watching Jonathan spread his hate throughout this small town is like watching the Marbles performaing their evil deeds in “Pink Flamingos.” And, like John Waters’ classic, “Watch Out” too contains plenty of nudity. No, there are no singing buttholes here, but I am sure many will find some of these nude situations rather…eye popping.

Speaking of eye popping – like Popeye, “Watch Out” proudly declares “I am what I am!” It totally plays by its own rules through its brave performances and bizarre story structure. Its undefinable and a frightening piece of work. Its what indie movies should be all about.

The film presents itself with a stream of non-stop narration through Barrows' often sexual interactions. His philosophies are very un-PC and solid to a point. To him, people are flesh and he is the closest thing to a god. Only he can satisfy his deepest lust; a bizarre craving for his own flesh. This urges him to tape an image of his gorgeous face on a blow up doll whom he fondles and caresses while forgetting how desirable he is to the undesirable.

Watch Out mocks the Fight Club generation, laying author created improvised speeches on Marxist ideals. We really do act like insects, don't we? Scurrying about our boring average lives. This film not only changed the way I viewed things; It rocked me to the core. Part demented philosophies, part American Psycho; Watch Out is a sensation that any gender can enjoy. I don't think I've ever seen sexual surrealism used to such a medium as Watch Out does.

What really sells the madcap mood is music created by keyboard aficionado Rob Kleiner, who is know for his work in such bands as Tub Ring and Super 8-Bit Brothers. If you've heard any of his work, you can come to expect an eerie pulsing of sideshow inspiration that is almost as frenetic and paced as their live performances. This is the ultimate compliment to Riddlehoover's jaw dropping performance as our anti-hero.

Riddlehoover braved a lot of ground playing our astoundingly flamboyant denizen of his own fantastical fantasies. This role required an absurd amount of male nudity and extreme sexual situations. I myself wouldn't have enough balls to do what Matt did. Watch Out is one of the best films to have been released this year. It sets new ground in the genre of psycho-sexuals and their exploits. A masterful artifact of directing led by bizarre visions chronicling the death of the average good Samaritan. In other words, a must see.






