Gravity the Seducer arrived when the frosty synth pop Ladytron had excelled at for over a decade was being popularized by the likes of Crystal Castles, Cold Cave, and Austra. Ever the contrarians, Ladytron went in a very different direction on their fifth album; though the single Ace of Hz hinted at a subtler, darker direction, it didn’t fully convey the extent of it: Gravity the Seducer downplays the bands pop strengths in favor of elaborate textures and vast atmospheres. Ace of Hzs melody runs through the album as a motif, while there are no less than three instrumentals here, including the lovely Transparent Days, which sounds like Brian Eno covering Telstar. Its an admirable artistic choice, even though it doesnt always pay off. Opening track White Elephant makes it clear how committed Ladytron are to turning away from Velociferos hard-edged electro-rock, and indeed Gravity the Seducer is more focused even if it’s not as accessible. The band throws its pop fans a few bones with the swirling Mirage, one of many songs here that deal with duality and deception; the paranoid, driving Melting Ice, and the Mira Aroyo-sung Moon Palace, which echoes the albums cryptic feel with lyrics like the serpent sea is calling out your name. However, much of Gravity the Seducer dwells in bleak, sad, and weary territory. Helen Marnie makes 90 Degrees sound downright arctic, while White Gold reaffirms the group can sound colder than any cold wave revivalists and the melody of Ambulances sounds like a pale, slow reflection of Light & Magics Seventeen. Initially, Gravity the Seducer may seem like a dreary listen, but its whispers and hints have a fragile, haunting quality that reveals itself over time. This may be Ladytrons most difficult album, but it’s also one of their most cohesive.

Released: Sept 13, 2011
Genre: Rock
Style: Indie Electronic
Source: CD
Codec: FLAC
Channels: Stereo
Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz
Bit Rate:
Bits per Sample: 16
Covers: Front

Tracks:

 1. White Elephant
 2. Mirage
 3. White Gold
 4. Ace of Hz
 5. Ritual
 6. Moon Palace
 7. Altitude Blues
 8. Ambulances
 9. Melting Ice
 10. Transparent Days
 11. Ninety Degrees
 12. Aces High

More info: 
 
http://allmusic.com/album/gravity-the-seducer-r2249839/review