Book Description
CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 Official Cert Guide is a best of breed Cisco exam study guide that focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNP Security FIREWALL exam. Senior security consultants and instructors David Hucaby, Dave Garneau, and Anthony Sequeira share preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 Official Cert Guide presents you with an organized test-preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. “Do I Know This Already?” quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly.

The companion CD-ROM contains the powerful Pearson IT Certification Practice Test engine that enables you to focus on individual topic areas or take a complete, timed exam. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a module-by-module basis, laying out a complete assessment of your knowledge to help you focus your study where it is needed most.

Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 Official Cert Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNP Security FIREWALL exam, including

ASA interfaces
IP connectivity
ASA management
Recording ASA activity
Address translation
Access control
Proxy services
Traffic inspection and handling
Transparent firewall mode
Virtual firewalls
High availability
ASA service modules
Book Details
Hardcover: 768 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press (September 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587142791
ISBN-13: 978-1587142796