 http://bayimg.com/nAEIGaAdJ

Shooting Fish (1997) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120122/

Shooting Fish is a 1997 British film directed and co-written by Stefan Schwartz and co-starred Dan Futterman and Stuart Townsend as two con men with Kate Beckinsale as their unwilling assistant. It was produced by Winchester Films and partly funded by National Lottery money administered through the UK Arts Council. Shooting Fish aimed to transfer well to international markets that were keen on British films following the success of Four Weddings and a Funeral.

  Rowena Cooper  ...  Jez's Teacher  
  Scott Charles  ...  Samuel  
  Antonia Corrigan  ...  Antonia  
  Myles Anderson  ...  Jez - Age 8  
  Jane Lapotaire  ...  Dylan's Headmistress  
  Harry Ditson  ...  IRS Man  
  Jacob Macoby  ...  Dylan - Age 8  
  Dan Futterman  ...  Dylan  
  Tom Chadbon  ...  Mr. Greenaway  
  Kate Beckinsale  ...  Georgie  
  Stuart Townsend  ...  Jez  
  Phyllis Logan  ...  Mrs. Ross  
  Vicki Bensted  ...  Bank Clerk  
  Peter McNamara  ...  Geoff  
  Ralph Ineson  ...  Mr. Ray  

The film was shot in the autumn of 1996 (August–October). Most filming took place at Shepperton Studios and outside street locations in north London. Alexandra Palace features in one notable scene. The gas holder in which Dylan and Jez live no longer exists, having been situated in Mill Hill up to the early 2000s. The crematorium scene was filmed in Garston, west Hertfordshire. The film would eventually make its nationwide screening in October 1997.

The film held its own commercially in the UK. Reviews at the time singled out Townsend for praise but felt the narrative contained one twist and turn too many. Others suggested the film was merely an 'Ealing Comedy' in modern form and lacked modern characterization. The 'soft comedic focus' however had been a deliberate plan by the production team who wanted to avoid the socio-political realism in comedies like Brassed Off and The Full Monty. Nevertheless, the film proved to be a solid launch vehicle for Beckinsale, Futterman and Townsend. Kate Beckinsale was awarded Best Actress for her performance in Shooting Fish at the Catalonian International Film Festival, Sitges, Spain. Other notable British comedy actors appearing included Jane Lapotaire, Peter Capaldi, Geoffrey Whitehead and Ralph Ineson. Shooting Fish continues to command a cult status among fans and bears up remarkably well today against films of a similar era/genre, including Up 'n' Under (1998) and High Heels and Low Lifes 2001)

A Time Out review (1997) said, A succession of cameos provides light relief, and the film's saved by the amiable performances of Futterman, Beckinsale and, especially, Townsend.

Shooting Fish is one of those featherweight capers that relies heavily on the charms of its cast. Fortunately, Dan Futterman, Stuart Townsend and, especially, Kate Beckinsale have enough charisma for this film and a sequel or two. Futterman and Townsend play Dylan and Jez, a pair of likable con men out to swindle corporate London. Beckinsale is Georgie, a medical student who temps for duo in a scam to sell keyboard-free computers. Dylan, the smooth talker, and Dez, the technical genius, assure Georgie they are modern Robin Hoods, siphoning from CEOs' paychecks to donate to an orphan's housing fund. They don't tell her they are the orphans. Soon Georgie is hooked on the con game. Soon after that, the previously inseparable Dylan and Jez are vying for the winsome Georgie. Shooting Fish harks back to a school of British filmmaking that hasn't existed since the Dave Clark Five and Gerry & the Pacemakers made movies. Two young blokes and a smart bird caper about as London swings. The whimsy factor nearly jumps off the scale. The boys live inside an abandoned gas works tank, complete with clothing mannequins and a shrine to Burt Bacharach. At time their world resembles a live-action Wallace and Gromit featurette. You two have a bizarre relationship, Georgie observes. The three actors happily match the script's effervescence. When American-born refers to one his and Dez's strange traditions, Georgie responds, Who am I to deprive an American of what little tradition you can get? The tone changes from breezy to a flurry toward the end, though. Perhaps realizing they've been skimping on the plot, director Stefan Schwartz and his co-writer Richard Holmes overcompensate in the last act. Things get overly complicated. A rigged horse race, a mortgage foreclosure, a faked funeral and the devaluation of the 50 pound note are strung together in a quadruple whammy that tries to out-sting The Sting. That's an awful lot to lay on an audience in 20 minutes. Shooting Fish is as light and bubbly as a glass of ginger ale. Its young stars are attractive, bright and clever - a fine trio to spend 90 minutes with, as long as you keep an eye on your wallet.