Lior (born Lior Attar, in Rishon LeZion, Israel) is an independent Australian singer-songwriter based in Melbourne.

In early 2005, Lior independently self-released his debut album Autumn Flow, certified gold by ARIA. It also garnered three ARIA Award nominations in the 2005 ARIA Music Awards: Best Breakthrough Artist, Best Male Artist, and Best Independent Release. The album was also nominated for the J Award, presented by Australian radio station Triple J, for the Australian Album of the Year. Autumn Flow has since gone on to become one of the most successful independent debut releases in Australian music history.

Lior has earned a reputation as one of Australia's finest live artists for his highly celebrated pure vocals and diverse musical arrangements. He toured with the WOMAD festival in 2005 to the UK, Singapore and Korea. Lior also performed at the Spiegeltent throughout the world, and the Make Poverty History concerts in Australia.

In February 2006, Lior released a live album, Doorways Of My Mind - Live at the NSC. This recording consisted mostly of versions of tracks from Autumn Flow as well as some new material such as 'Diego And The Village Girl', a traditional prayer (Avinu Malkeinu) and 'Burying Chances'. The album ends with a singalong version of crowd favourite 'This Old Love'. Autumn Flow was also nominated for two other ARIA awards at the 2006 ARIA Music Awards: Best Independent release and Best Blues and Roots Album.

In February 2008, Lior released his second album, Corner of an Endless Road, which was also released independently. The album debuted at number 2 on the ARIA Australian albums chart and was nominated for the Best Independent Release in the 2008 ARIA Music Awards.

In 2008, Lior toured extensively, both in his home country of Australia and abroad including feature performances at the Edinburgh Festival. In early 2009, he performed with the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra for a series of outdoor concerts.

In 2009, Lior launched the Shadows and Light tour, a collaboration with renowned shadow artists Stephen Mushin and Anna Parry. The Shadows and Light concerts are an interactive performance combining Lior's music with live shadow art performance and featured a season at the Sydney Opera House.

In 2010, Lior composed and recorded a song titled "Hoot's Lullaby" for the ABC children's television show Giggle and Hoot.

Autumn Flow is the debut album of Australian singer-songwriter Lior. The album went gold in Australia, making it one of the most successful releases on an independent label in the country. It also garnered three ARIA Award nominations in the 2005 ARIA Music Awards: Best Breakthrough Artist, Best Male Artist, and Best Independent Release.


Track listing

   1. "This Old Love" – 3:04
   2. "Daniel" – 3:50
   3. "Gypsy Girl" – 3:10
   4. "Superficial" – 3:52
   5. "Autumn Flow" – 4:13
   6. "Bedouin Song" – 3:09
   7. "Sitting With a Stranger" – 3:15
   8. "The Art of Cruelty" – 3:35
   9. "Blessed" – 3:13
  10. "Stuck In a War" – 3:18
  11. "Building Ships" – 4:46
  12. "Grey Ocean" – 3:36