I will write a few comments that are coming to mind which I think are already known...E Howard Hunt was possibly seen with three homeless men in Dallas the day JFK was killed....Hunt was a firmer CIA operative as was a detective involved with Hughes. This was a odd conspiracy connecting names. The CIA in the 60's used the Mafia for their dirty work, i.e. that cleaned things up for the by killing Oswald in Dallas was Mafia through his nightclub.
The CIA used the Mafia in Cover Operations where the government could not legally do.
Sinatra gave FFK Jersey. And Giovanni gave JFK Chicago.
Shaw was involved with the Mafia as well an agent for the CIA, which the CIA later revealed. Shaw also a deviant as were and apparently are many people in there that try and protect their actions by who and what they know, as in Hoover who cross dressed and black mailed and wire taped the Kennedy's and MLK's hotel rooms.
The Mafia was tied in Cuba in its own interests and the Bay of Pigs through the CIA and those who planned the Bay of Pigs.
What killed JFK was the House cleaning of the CIA after the Bay of Pigs and the firing of Dulles who returned after Bobby died to head the Warren Commission. 
What killed Bobby was the investigation of Hoffa. That is why I refer to Bobby in Poems as Thomas Becket, the Arch Bishop of Canterbury who was killed by the King for answering to God instead of the King.

Bobby bit the hands of who gave JFK the election. I have always felt Bobby;s was incredible incredible moral to a fault.

The names of these people are found together in circles because there are and always have been predominate figure in a struggle the US has been in that killed the Kennedy's and it involves directly opposing elements of the CIA.
And the abuses the republicans have used in the Domestic abuse by the FBI and CIA. I am not going after Republicans. This is true.

Hughes funneled money into covert operations in the 60's to avoid Congressional oversight and monitoring.
It started under Eisenhower. If you consider the people who started the CIA have been there, many still since the beginning and there careers have outlived Administrations and so has there influence, and there is a form of government in these people that has been since the assassination in a struggle to control the use of the CIA for Domestic Abuse..which was why Nixon was brought down by O Brian and Deep throat in leading the Washington Post in the paper trail; of the check found on one of the Plumbers. Nixon was lured into the Watergate in JFK old Campaign managers office who had just worked for Hughes before becoming head of the DNC.


It was Nixon's fear of O Brian's knowledge of Hughes slush funds that was on the 18 min. and what got Nixon to resign and why Ford pardoned Nixon, to keep it all quite.

Carted dismantled the CIA ops and geared the CIA toward intelligence gathering. 

Reagan brought us back to square one through Casey, one of the founders of the CIA and Reagan's campaign manager.

And Bush and Cheney mastered so well we ....and it is really just absolutely pointless.

My father molested me as did his neighbors. And what ever may be good in this world...is so concerned in keeping his anonymity...that they have protected him for years now...while he has hurt so very many...while I have begged for twenty years....to stop him.

I post now...cause I have no reason not to.
These things are true. If you doubt me...You doubt me. So be it.

no one can hurt me again...as badly as I have already ben hurt.

And as I said. I met Booby and in him I learned something important at seven...they destroy a man....but they can NEVER destroy his words.

I will continue to post here and many trackers and other venues to get this out.

My Blog seems to be being blocked.

As does my emails.