Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/4040_1.jpg.html


Screens

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/4039_2.jpg.html
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/4038_3.jpg.html
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/4037_4.jpg.html



Cristal May, Lina, Chastity Lynn, Kiera King, Anita Hengher, Bella Russa, Logan, Aspen, Mandy Dee, Monica, Willa.

Jay Sin's Lil' Gaping Lesbians 4 merges the fun and sweetness of girl-girl teen porn with the perversity of all-anal toys and never-ending rim jobs on tender, gaping assholes. Petite blonde Cristal May and starkly attractive black-haired Lina start things off, applying makeup while dressed in flamboyant pink and black showgirl outfits, including high heels and sexy striped leggings. While engaged in a mad butt-rimming dildo party, the little lasses take time to highlight each other's pussy lips, nipples and wide-open winking sphincters with tubes of pretty pink lipstick. Cute Kiera King, a slutty brunette with a generous, cushy ass, and blonde pixie Chastity Lynn enjoy a Sapphic rendezvous in a girly room decorated with fuzzy pillows and stuffed animals. They enhance their big sex toy and gape-licking fun with the aid of sticky lollipops and colorful gummi worms. Sensuous, all-natural Russian babe Anita Hengher is now a brunette. Her elastic anus gets a fine reaming from raven-haired Bella Russa, a Russian knockout wearing Bettie Page bangs and lacy black stockings; Bella feeds a long string of fat gold beads into Anita's gaping anus. Next, two more Russian lovelies - cherubic blonde Logan and slender brunette beauty Aspen - go after each other's butt with phallic toys, each girl lapping and drooling into the other's lewdly expanding butthole. Finally, a class in dildo etiquette: Blonde teacher Mandy Dee, commanding attention with her huge, natural boobs, disciplines her naughty class of three nubile teen cuties. Ms. Mandy gives the misbehaving trio light spanks with a ruler as she orally examines their young rectums. Then the students are permitted to apply their new knowledge on Professor's tasty, dilated butthole!
Jay Sin's Lil' Gaping Lesbians 4 is a double-disc DVD with one hour and 41 minutes of outtakes; 23 minutes of behind-the-scenes footage; photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.