ABSOFT
Neat Video
Neat Video is a video noise reduction plug-in for Adobe After Effects. The plug-in efficiently reduces random noise, film grain, analog interference, and compression artifacts. Neat Video includes adaptive intra-frame and temporal filters that together provide the most accurate video noise reduction currently available: noise is reduced while actual details are accurately preserved.

 

Back to top

AUTOMATIC DUCK
Pro Import AE
Pro Import AE from Automatic Duck allows you to import AAF and OMF compositions from Avid editing systems and XML files from Final Cut Pro, allowing you to combine the power and benefits of your NLE with those of After Effects.

Pro Import AE creates a separate layer for each clip from your timeline, allowing you great control in perfecting your effects and composites. Many parameters, effects and settings from your NLE\'s timeline are recreated in After Effects, saving you time as you pick up in After Effects where you left off in FCP or Avid. For more information visit the website.

 

Back to top

BORIS FX
Boris Continuum Complete
Boris Continuum Complete is the Swiss Army Knife of Visual Effects, giving Adobe Creative Suite artists the most complete and useful plug-in suite ever created. Over 200 plug-in filters include 3D Objects, image restoration tools, time-based effects, distortion and perspective effects such as a spline-based warp filter, lights such as Glint, Glare, and Glitter, wipe transitions, keys and mattes including Motion Key for automated foreground object removal, a 3-way color grade filter with built-in keying and masking tools, still and video morph technology, and film, glow, and cartoon effects. The new Version 7 release has been re-engineered for 64-bit processing and OpenGL acceleration and provides support for Macintosh and Windows versions of Adobe After Effects and Premiere Pro CS5, CS4, and CS3.

 

Back to top
COREMELT
Lock and Load X
Lock and Load can smooth out motion in all types of footage in just seconds. Just select the clip, analyze it in seconds and playback the smoothed clip. That\'s it, instant gratification, even on clips with complex rotation motion or camera zooms. New feature: Lock & Load X is now able to also reduce Rolling Shutter Artifacts at the same time as it stabilizes your footage.

CoreMelt Complete V2
From soft organic glows and blurs to advanced colour correction tools and instant photo montages, CoreMelt Complete will save you hours of time on every project, no matter what type of editing or motion graphics work you do. CoreMelt Complete includes ALL 8 CoreMelt products; ImageFlow Fx™ V2, PolyChrome Transitions™ V2 TRX, PolyChrome Transitions™ V2 Delta V, Pigment, Gadget, Luminous and Shatter, in total providing you with over 200 GPU accelerated plugins to kick start and floor your workflow.

Back to top

CYCORE SYSTEMS
CycoreFX HD
CycoreFX HD is the professional version of CycoreFX that allows for doing compositing and effects work at higher bit depths, HDTV and film. All plug-ins in the HD package support 16 bpc and 34 have 32 bpc support (float). CycoreFX HD also contains 12 additional plug-ins such as the more advanced Rainfall and Snowfall simulators. Rainfall and Snowfall allows to easily and quickly create \"real-looking\" rain and snow when there is no time to get into a complex particle generator. The HD package features an impressive total of 73 plug-ins. For more information and for a detailed comparison between CycoreFX HD and the bundled CycoreFX version, visit the website.

CFX Path Tools
Path Tools is a package containing two powerful plug-ins, Rakka and Wiggle Stroke. These plug-ins are targeted at creating animations based on mask paths. Rakka is a tool for handling multiple repetitions of a layer that can be animated along a mask path. Wiggle Stroke wiggles and repeats a stroke based on a mask path. Both plug-ins offer controls that allows for almost endless combinations to create anything from very basic animations to highly unique effects and background elements, even from just an ellipse or straight line mask path. Path Tools supports 32 bpc color (float). For more information, visit the website.

CFX Sphere Utilities
CFX Sphere Utilities is a set of four plug-ins designed to deal with spherical maps (equirectangular maps) commonly used to texture 3D spheres or as 3D environments. Animating layers and drawing lines on spherical maps are a breeze when Sphere Utilities handles the spherical transformations required. Animations can then be used directly in After Effects with CC Sphere, or any other plug-in that support spherical mapping, or in any 3D application. Spherical maps are also used as environment maps and for panoramic viewers, which are other sources where this kind of capability is important. Sphere Utilities supports 32 bpc color (float). For more information, visit the website.

Back to top

DIGIEFFECTS
Buena Depth Cue v2
Streamlined and strengthened, Buena Depth Cue v2 is the complete set of tools needed for 3D manipulation in After Effects.

Mimic Z depth in your compositions in ways that simply can\'t be done using After Effects depth of field. With a total of 6 effects (Atmosphere, Camera Mapper, Depth, Falloff Lighting, Flipside, and Rack Focus), Buena Depth Cue v2 has capabilities that are simply not available in any other plugin package at any price.

Delirium v2
We\'re keeping only the best effects from the original Delirium package. And, we\'re adding some new ones.

Originally developed in 1999, the award-winning Delirium is used by tens of thousands of video professionals worldwide. This is the plugin collection that established the standard for essential visual effects and motion graphics capabilities. Delirium v2 will continue to be a staple in the toolboxes of motion graphics and visual effects artists the world over. Now with 45 effects, this set has helped drive the edge of post production since its introduction and this visual effects favorite continues to add flexibility for new users every day. Now 64-bit compatible.

Damage 2.0
The new standard for creating electronic defects in your footage. If you don’t hold public office or if you haven’t achieved pop stardom just yet, you may find it difficult to ruin your image without help. Damage is dedicated to simulating analog and digital errors and defects in your footage and it now includes two new effects: Destabilize and Overexpose.

Camera Mapper
Camera Mapper allows you to project your imagery onto multiple 3D layers to create breathtaking 3D matte paintings and expand a 2D image into full 3D perspective.

FreeForm
Included with After Effects CS5.

FreeForm 3D Mesh Warp
Only interested in warping, not displacing a layer in true 3D? 3D Mesh Warp adds a third dimension to what you already do with After Effects’ built-in Mesh Warp tool. Select how many rows and columns you divide the image into, then manipulate the control tangents to create cylinders, curves, ribbons, folding cards, an in finite amount of three dimensional shapes. Note that CS5 users do NOT need to buy this because CS5 includes all the functionality with FreeForm, which is included with After Effects CS5.

FreeForm 3D Displacer
Only interested in using a grayscale map to displace a layer in true 3D? 3D Displacer brings true three dimensional displacement mapping to After Effects. Displacement maps can of course be animated, adding e ffects like rippling water or blowing flags in full 3D perspective — no faking. Use mesh subdivision to raise and lower the density of your mesh, and anti-aliasing settings to work quickly and then switch to a fully refined result. Note that CS5 users do NOT need to buy this because CS5 includes all the functionality with FreeForm, which is included with After Effects CS5.

Falloff Lighting
Falloff Lighting provides an enhanced lighting system for After Effects built-in lights from one single menu command. Falloff Lighting acts much more like real world lighting. Reflected light naturally decays or “falls off” as surfaces increase distance from the After Effects light.

Aged Film
Turn back the clock with Aged Film and choose which era you set your shot. Priced at only $49, Aged Film is the best value for achieving this effect in today’s post production applications.

Atmosphere
Simulate atmospheric conditions such as haze and fog in your composition. Now you can add true 3 dimensional atmospheric falloff in After Effects from one single menu command. No more adding semi-transparent solids between your 3D layers to simulate fog or haze!

 

Back to top

DIGITAL ANARCHY
Beauty Box
Introducing Beauty Box, the next generation in skin retouching plugins for After Effects, Final Cut Pro, and Premiere. By using advanced techniques like Face Detection, this skin retouching plugin automatically identifIES skin tones while preserving important facial features. We make the process of retouching video in After Effects and Final Cut Pro easier than ever. Say goodbye to manual masks or retouching frame-by-frame.

Digital Anarchy products acquired by Red Giant Software
Digital Anarchy products are now owned and published by Red Giant Software. You can visit the Red Giant Software section on this page for product information or visit the Digital Anarchy acquisition FAQ section on the Red Giant Software site.

 

Back to top

DIGITAL FILM TOOLS
Composite Suite Pro
Composite Suite includes visual effects plug-ins that were until recently, available only in-house at a Los Angeles film effects facility. The Composite Suite plug-ins include everything needed to combine multiple images: color correction, blur, grain, matte manipulation, and edge blending. The set features a well-rounded collection of compositing plug-ins such as Composite, Drop Shadow, Edge Composite, Holdout Composite, Light Wrap, Math Composite, Non-Additive Mix, and Optical Dissolve, as well as specialized tools for combining imagery such as fire, smoke, and explosions. There are also many indispensable and useful tools such as Glows, DVE, Matte Generator, Matte Repair, Film Masks, HDTV Masks, Grain, Blurs, Defocus, Distortion, Deartifact, a variety of color correctors, and Light! for creating natural lighting effects.

Power Matte
Power Matte is an easy to use interactive image matting tool capable of extracting almost any object in an image — even if you are dealing with fine hair detail, smoke, or reflections. This extraction process creates what is known as a matte — essentially a black and white cutout. White matte areas are extracted, black areas not, and gray areas in between represent a level of transparency. Once a matte is extracted, the foreground object can be seamlessly composed onto a new background as well as apply filter and image corrections only within the area defined by the matte.

Power Stroke
Designed with the creative workflow of colorists, film/video editors, graphic designers and artists in mind, Power Stroke introduces a simple, interactive stroke-based workflow to quickly and intuitively perform targeted adjustments. Instead of meticulously drawing exact masks, using inaccurate matte extractions or hand painting frame to frame, regions of interest are isolated by drawing a few simple and loose After Effects open or closed masks. Masks can be assigned multiple corrections and effects such as color correction, recoloring or desaturation, colorization of black and white images, blur, fill light for dimly lit image areas and diffusion/glow.

Zmatte
zMatte is a full-featured blue and green-screen keyer. Using proprietary matte extraction techniques and 16-bit processing, zMatte quickly and simply creates mattes with minimal parameters even if you are dealing with fine hair detail, smoke, or reflections. It is easy to use, yet provides the needed tools when faced with good, bad, or ugly shots — tools such as multiple matte creation, automatic spill suppression, sophisticated matte and edge manipulation, and color correction. Visit the website for more information and a free demo.

 

Back to top

THE FOUNDRY
CameraTracker
The Foundry\'s camera tracker for After Effects allows you to pull 3D motion tracks and matchmoves without having to leave After Effects. It analyzes the source sequence and extracts the original camera\'s lens and motion parameters, allowing you to composite 2D or 3D elements correctly with reference to the camera used to film the shot.

You can now match camera moves within Adobe After Effects\' 2.5D environment, opening up new, robust options for the placement of composite elements, such as the creation of Fringe / Heroes style \'in scene\' titles, insertion of animated design elements, match-moved virtual set extensions, motion-tracked projection mapping and much more.

Kronos 5.0: GPU Accelerated Retiming
The Foundry has created a Hollywood quality CUDA GPU accelerated retiming plug-in based on their Academy Award®-winning FURNACE algorithms: KRONOS 5.0. Use KRONOS for retiming, speed-ramping, time-remapping and slow-motion effects, plus the addition of realistic motion blur.

Retiming is useful when you have to make something fit an allotted time segment, or want to creatively move in \"super slow-motion\".

Rolling Shutter
Rolling shutter effects are commonly found with video cameras employing CMOS image sensors, which record every frame line-by-line from top to bottom of the image, rather than as a single snapshot of a point in time.

As parts of the image are recorded at different times, fast-moving objects, or objects that pass quickly through frame during camera whip-pans, become distorted with diagonal skews. Other typical distortions include image wobbles created when cameras are hand-held, and exposure problems with flashing or strobing lights.

Along with being ungainly and unwanted, these image distortions also increase the difficulty of 3D tracking during VFX post production, as the tracking points themselves can be equally affected or not deliver accurate results.

Using Local Motion Estimation technology, we can individually correct parts of the image that are moving relative to the camera, even if they are moving in different directions or at different speeds.

 

Back to top

FRISCHLUFT.COM
Flair
Flair brings 8 high quality effects to Adobe After Effects and Photoshop compatible programs. Among them shine, glow and sparkle effects. Of course with 16bit and multi CPU support.

FreshCurves
Curves are a very versatile and precise color correction tool. The native After Effects version lacks control and accuracy to take full advantage of it. Fresh Curves makes up for these drawbacks so you can get the most out of this basic tool.

Lenscare
Lenscare moves depth of field and out of focus generation to post production. If you need high quality camera blurs with the flexibility of 2d post processing, Lenscare is a great choice. It can get you rid of long extra 3d rendering times. The key aspect during the development of these filters was to match the real thing as good as possible. Lenscare is available as plugins for Adobe After Effects and Photoshop compatible programs.

Lensfeed
Lensfeed shows a camera\'s live preview inside After Effects. No still frames but a moving live feed! Lensfeed is implemented as regular After Effects filters so the livefeed is displayed inside compositions and can can be treated like regular footage.

ZBornToy
Our debut product is made to lead a line of tools that introduce a new meaning to depth in compositing. The ZbornToy has the ability to extract a maximum of information out of simple depth images and allows you to not only light and texture them, but to refract backgrounds, cast caustic reflection back onto the background and a whole lot more.

 

Back to top

GENARTS
Sapphire Plug-ins
20/20 vision for your mind’s eye. Part visionary, part well-oiled machine, GenArts Sapphire for After Effects is the undisputed leader of visual effects plug-ins. It earned this status by providing the perfect balance of creative control and efficiency. Sapphire is packed with over 200 state-of-the-art image processing and synthesis effects, including: Glows, EdgeRays, LensFlare, Lightning, FilmEffect, Warps and Textures. It features unrivaled image quality, a unique organic look, and easy usability. Sapphire is responsible for so many Oscar-winning films, it should have its own seat at Nobu. Onscreen widgets and online documentation make it easy to enhance any project, and all plug-ins support multi-processing and operate at 8/16/32 bit.

Monsters GT
Designed to complement GenArts Sapphire\'s industry-standard everyday tools, Monsters GT offers an array of stunning new effects to After Effects users for the first time. Adobe CS5 compatible, Monsters GT features excellent control, the highest image quality available anywhere and the performance of GPU optimization to maximize creativity- all at an extremely aggressive price. Monsters GT equips artists with over 50 one-of-a-kind stylize, warp, fluid, trail and particle effects such as rain and smoke. For more information, visit the GenArts website.

 

Back to top

META/DMA
Scopo Gigio
Scopo Gigio is a full-featured video waveform monitor and vectorscope plug-in for After Effects. It emulates most of the features you\'d find in a hardware-based waveform monitor/vectorscope combo, but at a fraction of the cost. Scopo Gigio supports all major color systems, RGB or D1 signal levels, and 0 or 7.5 IRE black levels, and also provides luminance, parade, overlay, and arrowhead displays in either line or field mode. Scopo Gigio is also available for Adobe Photoshop® software. For more information, visit the website.

 

Back to top

NEWBLUE
NewBlueFX
NewBlueFX is a powerful collection of video and audio effects plugins from NewBlue, Inc. Video editors, professional videographers, effects artists, compositors and amateur video enthusiasts worldwide employ NewBlueFX to easily add creative effects and transitions to their digital video projects. This acclaimed product line offers fresh, creative and innovative techniques wrapped in intuitive controls. Best of all, NewBlueFX plugins integrate directly into Adobe video editing software, which eliminates the need to learn a separate application. And all NewBlueFX plugins come with professionally‐designed presets to enable fast, aesthetically‐pleasing results. Currently the product line includes 8 video effect collections, 9 video transition collections and 5 audio effect products boasting over 1500 presets in over 200 distinct video and audio plugins. Visit us on our website www.newbluefx.com.

 

Back to top

NOISE INDUSTRIES
FxFactory Pro
FxFactory Pro is the most advanced visual effects package for After Effects, offering more than 150 hardware-accelerated filters, generators, and transitions with unique professional features.

Presets: FxFactory Pro plug-ins come with presets, a time saving feature that makes it easy to try new looks with minimal effort. Save your own parameter configurations to disc and recreate the same look later.

Hardware acceleration: FxFactory Pro plug-ins are accelerated using the graphics card for unbeatable previewing and rendering performance.

Unique features: FxFactory Pro is the only visual effects package that lets you customize and create your own plug-ins for Final Cut Studio, Final Cut Express, and After Effects without writing a single line of code.

Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

Yanobox Motype
Motype is a revolutionary text animation plug-in that works in After Effects. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

DVShade Easylooks
Make your image stand out with DVShade EasyLooks, a color grading plug-in that gives you complete control over the final look of your video. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Design Tools
Design Tools plug-ins help you constrain your projects to specific layouts or color palettes (for example, to meet your client\'s brand guidelines). Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Slate Tools
Slate Tools plug-ins will assist you in creating slates and copyright notices commonly used in the broadcast industry. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Light Pack
Fun and useful filters in Light Pack include Marquee, Paparazzi, and Lens Flare. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Cine Fest
Add a film festival look to your projects with these 12 theme elements with customizable colors, background media, and titles. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Urban Studio
Composite your own media inside urban environments. The Studio version is highly customizable. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Folding Cards
Folding Cards is an elegant, uncluttered 3D theme with eight elements and a customizable color palette. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx World Cup Studio
World Cup Studio is a stunning new version of the popular 3D World Cup theme, endlessly configurable and adaptable to your projects. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Drop In Studio
Drop In Studio is a highly configurable 3D theme with multiple animating title and media elements. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Portfolio
Portfolio lets you elegantly showcase your work, up to seven media tracks at once. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Mondrianesque Complete
This powerful theme allows you to elegantly animate stills in After Effects. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Video Wall
Video Wall comes with a filter and a generator so you can use it any way you want, in two flavors: Light and Pro. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

SUGARfx Perf Motif
Perf Motif features seven elegantly animated generators with a full set of parameters to quickly adapt the theme to your project. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

Futurismo Backgrounds
Futurismo Backgrounds is a stunning collection of eight animated generators, great as backgrounds for DVD projects and more. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

Futurismo Titles
Futurismo Titles features eight animatable title generators with particle explosions, letter trails, and much more. Visit the website to download demo filters, sample movies, and tutorials.

 

Back to top

PIXÉLAN
Our entire line of plug-ins is CS5 compatible. Updates to current version users are free via our web site.

CreativEase
This set of 11 affordable plug-ins provide thousands of fresh, aesthetic effects for Adobe After Effects. CreativEase includes many types of color, blur, depth, grain, and time-based effects — all completely customizable. Often bought together with our popular Premiere Pro version of CreativEase, creating a workflow with maximum flexibility.

SpiceMASTER
The custom soft/organic effects and transitions in SpiceMASTER give you wonderfully creative, subtle alternatives to the few transitions provided in After Effects. New to version 2.5 are film-style dissolves, resolution independence, up to 1,000 “spice” geometries, and an industry-first visual “mixer” that automatically tailors the effects to your image content. SpiceMASTER also can organically animate any other effect or key in After Effects (built-in or third-party). Often bought together with our popular Premiere Pro version, creating a workflow with maximum flexibility.

 

Back to top

RED GIANT SOFTWARE
Our entire currently shipping product line will support Adobe After Effects CS5 and Adobe Premiere Pro CS5. Magic Bullet Looks, Knoll Light Factory, Trapcode Suite, and Pro Keying Suite will be the first products available for Creative Suite 5. Red Giant Software will release CS5 upgrades within two weeks of Adobe CS5 shipping. All other products will be available for CS5 Summer 2010.

Knoll Light Factory Pro 2.5.2
The famous lens flare tool from Academy Award winner John Knoll
Created by John Knoll, Photoshop co-creator and “Star Wars” effects guru, Knoll Light Factory is one of the industry\'s most popular motion graphics tools. It is most famous for its high-fidelity simulations of light effects called flares, which simulate reflections from a very bright light source as seen through a camera\'s lens. Knoll Light Factory is Hollywood\'s go-to tool for adding interest to text or logos or extra pop to FX explosions.

Magic Bullet Looks 1.1
For setting the mood on any timeline
Desert sunrise, Arctic tundra, nighttime urban streets: The look of your footage defines the mood. Now you can define the style of your video or film, regardless of on-set conditions, with powerful imaging tools. Choose from more than 100 Looks presets to help set the mood for everything from a wedding to the next Sundance original. You also get the standalone Magic Bullet LooksBuilder for previsualizing looks on set or anywhere. Portable presets load into any editing hosts, so the same Looks you create on set are the ones you finish with in the editorial suite — no need for an expensive finishing system.

Pro Keying Suite 2008
Everything you need to pull the perfect key in After Effects
Frizzy hair? Semitransparent glass? This bundle of Primatte Keyer Pro 4.0 and Key Correct Pro lets you tackle the toughest keying challenges with confidence and in record time. Begin by using the pre-key tools in Key Correct Pro to prep your footage for keying in the powerful Primatte Keyer, and then touch up your mattes in Key Correct Pro for pixel-perfect results within After Effects.

Trapcode 3D Stroke 2.5
Making paths, logos, and lines come to life 
With 3D Stroke, paths, logos, or lines can take on lives of their own: glowing, tapering, and moving in complex ways through 3D space, while a built-in camera lets you capture the action from any angle. It\'s broadcast TV\'s secret weapon for animated logos and sophisticated write-on effects. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Echospace 1.0
Painless control of 3D layer instances
Echospace takes the tedium out of working with multiple layer instances in After Effects. Begin with an image, text, footage, or even compositions, and Echospace will create multiple versions of that layer that can be controlled as a group or individually. Movement and effects can ripple through the stack — with offset and delay controls and much more. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Form 1.0
Smoke and mirrors, fire and brimstone — all in a single 3D surface generator
Words dissolve into sand, logos catch fire, and water droplets ripple to bass guitar. All of this is possible with a single powerful plug-in that generates animated 3D shapes to mesmerize and entice viewers. Choose from 61 customizable presets, or tweak your own to get just the look you want. Full integration with the 3D environment of After Effects allows you to fly cameras through and around your animated forms. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Horizon 1.0
A camera-aware image mapping tool 
Give your compositions what they\'ve been missing with this unique mapping tool. The Trapcode Horizon plug-in is a camera-aware image mapping tool that ties your After Effects camera to a 3D world. By applying images or gradients to the inside of a giant sphere, Horizon creates an infinite background. No matter where your camera is directed, the simple controls make photorealistic backgrounds or sky gradients a snap. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Lux 1.0
A way to see the light in After Effects
The 3D lighting feature in After Effects creates pools of light generated from light sources in 3D space — but you can\'t see the light itself or the cone it produces. Enter Trapcode Lux: a speedy plug-in that adds volumetric lighting effects to projects that require realistic spotlights, point lights, or stage lighting of all kinds. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Particular 1.5
Quick-rendering 3D particles with full camera integration and natural behavior
Many editing programs offer basic particle-generation features. But Trapcode Particular goes way beyond the basics, with real-time interactive previews, bouncing particles, 3D camera integration, particles that emit particles, custom shapes, air resistance, gravity and turbulence controls, depth of field, and more. Get the effects seen in “Spider-Man 3.” (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Shine
Ultra-fast light ray effects
Create compelling light effects without leaving your editing timeline, and without the tedious render times of specialized 3D applications. Sunshine through clouds, headlights through fog, or horror movie titles — Shine does it all. Choose from 22 powerful presets, or make your own light ray effects from scratch. With 16-bit and 32-bit support , Trapcode Shine guarantees high-quality light effects for any project. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Sound Keys
Easy audio-to-video synchronization
Audio-intensive animations no longer require time-consuming hand tweaking of keyframes. Trapcode Sound Keys makes it easy to synchronize motion and sound in After Effects using either amplitude or frequency ranges. Unlike palette-based audio-sync products, Sound Keys is applied as a regular effect, making it possible to save settings with your project, generate keyframes into output parameters, and link keyframes to expressions. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Starglow
Dazzling effects to transform ordinary highlights
Starglow is a fast-rendering multidirectional glow effect. It can be used to create multicolored star-shaped glints like those created by a camera filter. Each customizable glow consists of up to eight directions, and each direction can be assigned an individual color map and streak length offering endless possibilities. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

Trapcode Suite 2008.5
All the Trapcode plug-ins at one affordable price
With Trapcode Suite 2008, the right effects plug-in will always be at your fingertips. Bundle pricing offers enormous savings over purchasing plug-ins individually. The set includes Shine, Starglow, 3D Stroke, Lux, Particular, Echospace, Sound Keys, and the new Trapcode Form plug-in. (Now published by Red Giant Software.)

 

Back to top

RE:VISION EFFECTS, INC.
DE:Noise
Reduce noise using spatial and time-based (optical flow) methods.

Effections
Specially-priced bundled collections.

FieldsKit
FieldsKit provides smarter deinterlacing and more workflow options for interlacing and pulldown. At the heart of FieldsKit is FieldsKit Deinterlacer, which deinterlaces video imagery with superior results. Using proprietary field reconstruction and adaptive motion techniques, FieldsKit Deinterlacer can build full frames from fields that are of much higher quality than the standard approaches available in most effects and video-editing applications. FieldsKit works in both After Effects and Adobe Premiere.

PV Feather
Provides per-vertex feather control for After Effects.

RE:Fill
RE:Fill mends holes in images by intelligently filling user-specified regions. RE:Fill can replace missing pixels in numerous ways, for example, by selecting the nearest “good” pixel, mirroring pixels around a hole\'s edge, or cloning from another “good” region. And the good region can even come from another point in time or from another sequence altogether.

RE:Fill is a plug-in that works in both After Effects and Adobe Premiere.

RE:Flex
RE:Flex brings intuitive morphing and warping directly to After Effects 5.0 or later. Achieve superior results using proprietary and sophisticated technology. RE:Flex is especially easy to learn because it uses the host program\'s own drawing and masking tools to direct the warping and morphing, so there\'s no need to learn a whole new user interface.

RE:Flex, which uses RE:Vision\'s proprietary tracking software, is the first morphing program to combine hand feature matching with automatic image registration.

ReelSmart Motion Blur
Automatically add more natural-looking motion blur to a sequence using ReelSmart Motion Blur. RE:Vision\'s tracking technology is at the heart of ReelSmart Motion Blur, so no handwork is involved. Of course, you can add as little or as much blurring as you need, and even remove motion blur. Finally, you can create interesting effects by blurring one sequence by using the motion from another. ReelSmart MotionBlur is useful for the following:

Reduce strobing in sequences — particularly useful when frame rates of video are changed after digitizing. ReelSmart Motion Blur has fewer artifacts than other methods such as frame blending.
Automatically smooth the jerkiness of hand-drawn and scanned animations.
Motion-blur complex 3D animations when your 3D system takes too much time; in many cases, ReelSmart Motion Blur will be much faster and just as effective.
Motion-blur one sequence using another sequence\'s motion for unique effects.
Sharpen image sequences by removing motion blur.
Shade/Shape
Give your imagery volume and depth without the hassle of 3D modeling. ReelSmart Shade/Shape generates 3D models from your 2D graphical and picture elements using RE:Vision\'s powerful and proprietary shading-from-shape technology. The models are then lit and rendered in true 3D. Add further detailing to your 3D models by applying reflection and bump maps. As 2D elements merge and split in a sequence, ReelSmart Shade/Shape automatically merges and splits the geometry in an intuitive fashion. Features include automatic 3D model creation, 3D lighting and rendering, bump mapping, environment mapping, and stable and smooth-over-time shading produced for moving imagery.

SmoothKit
SmoothKit provides the ultimate filter set to smooth your imagery by combining user-directed controls and feature-sensitive methods.

This set of filters complements the basic blurs provided by host applications. SmoothKit\'s emphasis is precise control of the filtering process with no compromise on image quality. For example, SmoothKit has a “real” compound blur that exhibits no blocky artifacts. In addition to effects, the SmoothKit toolset can be used to reduce image defects in a much more intelligent manner.

SmoothKit is a plug-in that works in both After Effects and Adobe Premiere.

Twixtor
Twixtor enables you to speed up, slow down, or use frame-rate conversion on image sequences with visually stunning results. To achieve its unparalleled image quality, Twixtor synthesizes unique new frames by warping and interpolating frames of the original. Features include:

Calculation of motion vectors at each pixel
Warping and interpolation of frames to “time warp” input footage
Smart processing of fields in the input and output as appropriate
Stretching of a sequence using a single scaling parameter
Keyframable retiming for complete control on a frame-by-frame basis
Frame-rate conversions made easy (supported only in After Effects)
Video Gogh
The Video Gogh plug-in transforms images and video into painted works of art. Video Gogh is different from other paint filters because it can actually track objects in movies for an unparalleled smooth result. Features include three styles of brush strokes, variably sized strokes, variable distance between strokes (so there can be empty space between strokes), and various translucent brushes. All of the brush stroke effects can be animated, with the ability to leave masked layers unaffected by special effects. Visit the website for more information.

 

Back to top

TIFFEN DFX
Tiffen award-winning Dfx Creative Effects software is now compatible for both 32 and 64bit Mac and Windows platforms, enabling users to work faster and on higher resolution projects with Adobe CS5 for After Effects, Premiere Pro and Photoshop.

Featuring over 2,000 filters and special effects, users can choose from standard and special effects that simulate Tiffen’s award-winning optical equivalents, plus a host of effects from Gam, Rosco, Kodak and others.

An exclusive feature for Photoshop/Elements owners is multiple masking and multiple layering without having to exit the plug-in each time.

Tiffen Dfx installers can be downloaded from the Tiffen website, and offer a fully functional 15 day trial period at no charge.

 

Back to top

VIDEO COPILOT
Optical Flares
Optical Flares is a plug-in for designing and animating realistic lens flares in After Effects.

Twitch
Control chaos with Twitch. Twitch is a plug-in for After Effects that synchronizes random operators to create stylistic video effects for motion graphics and visual effects.

 

Enjoy, guys! All the best for you. Rate, comment, seed! You can even edit this  

torrent and make it better (add more plug-ins, fix sth. etc).