'Time Machine 2011: Live In Cleveland' is an evening with Rush performing their classic hits and features the legendary 'Moving Pictures' album, performed live in its entirety. Released in 1981, 'Moving Pictures' is their most successful album, certified 4x Platinum, and features some of the band's most well known songs and perennial radio favorites, including "Tom Sawyer," "Limelight" and the Grammy®-nominated instrumental "YYZ."

Captured in April 2011 in Cleveland during the renowned trio's extensive world tour, 'Time Machine 2011: Live In Cleveland' marks the band's first live concert filmed in the United States. The choice to record in Cleveland was a deliberate nod of gratitude to the first city to support Rush on its airwaves, as former WMMS DJ Donna Halper is widely credited for helping break the band in 1974 by spinning "Working Man." The reinterpreted live version of "Working Man" was the encore closer on the Time Machine tour and is included on this DVD.

In addition to the 26-song concert set, Rush's notorious concept tour videos are included: The first short film, entitled "The `Real' History of Rush Episode No. 2 `Don't Be Rash,'" and the opening second set video, "The `Real' History of Rush Episode No. 17'...and Rock and Roll is My Name.'" The bonus material features outtakes from the short films, an alternate film version video for "Tom Sawyer,"and two rare pieces of Rush live footage from the vault: "Need Some Love" from Laura Second Secondary School with original drummer John Rutsey (1974) and "Anthem" from Passaic New Jersey (1976).


DVD Specifications:
Source Used: R1 NTSC RETAIL DVD
Menus: Yes
Extras: Yes
Picture Format: 16x9 Widescreen
Audio: Dolby Digital 2.0 English, Dolby 5.1 DTS English
Subtitles: N/A (None on original source)
Stripped: NOTHING

THIS IS A PURE UNTOUCHED NTSC DVD9 RIP FROM THE ORIGINAL DVD.

ENJOY!!

Please be very patient with the upload whereas I have my upload speeds capped due to other users on my home network. Thank you for patience and understanding this :)
