Screens: 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-B183_4D322A96.html
 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-A619_4D322A96.html



Cast: Calli Haze, Leslie Fox, Nikki Sexxx, Tatiana Kush

Damn! This may be the most amazing combination of Dom females with Sub females ever to be seen! Scene One -On your knees for a POV you`ll be dreaming about for years. Blonde bombshell Leslie Foxxx and deviant diva Tatiana Kush are leaning over, ordering you to service their asses. You dive in for some ultra-close-ups of their tight pink holes, but they mock your pathetic attempts to please them. They push you aside, then first Leslie gets on her knees to lap at Tatiana`s asshole, then Tatiana does the same for Leslie. Then to bed where Leslie unleashes her dominant side, FACESITTING and REVERSE FACESITTING the leashed and whimpering Slavegirl Tatiana. Loudly slurping and suctioning her mistress` holes, Tatiana works feverishly to make Leslie cum. She cries out promises of leaving her boyfriend, commits herself to serving her mistress. mistress Leslie stands and makes her slavegirl kiss and WORSHIP HER CHEEKS, she lies down flat for more buttock devotion. Then she lifts her butt high, giving Tatiana a perfect angle plunge her face into her hot anus. Tatiana DEEPLY TONGUES THAT ASSHOLE, actually grinning as she does so. Leslie`s sizzling body and firm tits spasm wildly as she rides Tatiana`s face to another orgasm. Scene Two - Get ready for overflowing female flesh to envelop your face! Blonde Mistress Calli Haze leans over for butt service, her HUGE NATURAL TITS swaying as voluptuous beauty Nikki Sexxx hungrily dives in to lick her steamy crack. Don`t you wish you could lick this ass with me? she asks. What a silly question! You`ll want to jump through the screen as Nikki drools and sucks Calli`s ass from multiple angles. To the bedroom where Mistress Calli lowers her fleshy body onto excited Slavegirl Nikki`s face. Those massive boobs wobble wildly as Calli bucks and grinds on Nikki`s mouth.