Summary:

Now that enough time has lapsed, we can all have a good laugh over South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone's amusing little April Fools prank, in which they kicked off the show's second season not with the conclusion to season one's cliffhanger that would reveal the identity of Cartman's father, but with an all-Terrance, all-Phillip, all-farting episode, "Not Without My Anus." The ensuing outcry illustrated just how seriously its devoted fans take South Park. There is little evidence of sophomore slump in this three-disc collection of 18 episodes that continue the coming-of-age trials of third graders Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny. There is considerable shock value just in the episode titles alone, among them "Cojoined Fetus Lady," "Merry Christmas, Charlie Manson," and the infamous "Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut." But mostly, the episodes are just--in Cartman's words--hella funny. "Spookyfish" is a creepfest about a killer fish, possessed animals, and alien alter egos (in which the so-called Evil Cartman is much nicer than the real Cartman) presented in Spookyvision, with pictures of Barbra Streisand framing the screen. "Chef's Salty Chocolate Balls" is a hilarious send-up of the Sundance Film Festival and the indie film scene that marks the return of Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo, and ends with the burial of Robert Redford in excrement.

As always, hard-earned life lessons provide South Park with fertile territory for skewed and subversive social commentary. In "Chicken Lover," Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged is an argument against literacy. "Underwear Gnomes" makes a strong case for corporate takeover of local family business. It is difficult to respect Warner Bros.' "authoritah" with the scant DVD extras. There are no commentaries, but Parker and Stone are present to introduce most of the episodes, each of which they proclaim to be their favorite. But their incarnations as abusive retirement center entertainers and as the hosts of an all-bacon cooking show fall flat. Bring back Rootin'-Tootin' Trey Parker and Pistol-Slingin' Matt Stone from the Season One set! --Donald Liebenson

Episode Index:

"Terrance & Phillip in Not Without My Anus"
Original Air Date: 04-01-1998
An episode featuring Terrance and Phillip, who must save Canada from Saddam Hussein.

"Cartman’s Mom is Still a Dirty Slut"
Original Air Date: 04-22-1998
Chef and the boys rush to the hospital to check on Mephesto, who's gunned down just as he's set to reveal the identity of Cartman's father. Meanwhile, the townspeople search for the gunman and battle a snowstorm.

"Chickenlover"
Original Air Date: 05-20-1998
Chaos ensues on the streets of South Park as the town is overcome by a crime wave that leaves scores of chickens assaulted. And Officer Barbrady's no help... because he's resigned.

"Ike’s Wee Wee"
Original Air Date: 05-27-1998
The boys try to circumvent a delicate surgical procedure set to be performed on Kyle's brother as part of a tradition begun by their Jewish ancestors. Meanwhile, Mr. Mackey is cut from his job after he botches a lecture on drugs.

"Conjoined Fetus Lady"
Original Air Date: 06-03-1998
Kyle's terrified after an injury sustained during a dodgeball game sends him to the nurse — a conjoined twin with an unusual medical condition. Meanwhile, Pip leads the dodgeball team to the world championships in China.

"The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka"
Original Air Date: 06-10-1998 Jimbo and Ned launch a TV hunting show, which goes head-to-head with "Jesus and Pals," the popular cable-access series.

"City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks)"
Original Air Date: 06-17-1998 The boys put twists on events such as the attempted assassination of a talk-show host and a fight with Death as their bus hangs off a cliff. Meanwhile, Ms. Crabtree finds fame when she goes to look for help.

"Summer Sucks"
Original Air Date: 06-24-1998
Guest Star - Jonathan Katz as Himself
The mayor devises a plan to make the town's Fourth of July celebration memorable, despite a ban on fireworks; and Mr. Hat vanishes, causing Mr. Garrison to visit a therapist.

"Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls"
Original Air Date: 08-19-1998
Hollywood pooh-bahs in town for a film festival try to sign Mr. Hankey to a movie deal after their upscale cuisine disrupts the sewage system and nearly destroys him. Meanwhile, locals are up in arms over the movie-industry event. "Chickenpox"
Original Air Date: 08-26-1998
The town faces an outbreak of chicken pox.

"Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods"
Original Air Date: 09-02-1998
Stan, Kyle and Kenny gravitate toward a new planetarium; and Cartman auditions to be the star of "Les Miserables."

"Clubhouses"
Original Air Date: 09-23-1998
The boys each build a clubhouse — and Stan is eager to have Wendy over for a game of "truth or dare." However, his parents' separation interferes with his plans.

"Cow Days"
Original Air Date: 09-30-1998
During South Park's annual rodeo, the boys compete in a bull-riding contest. Meanwhile, the cows find religion.

"Chef Aid"
Original Air Date: 10-07-1998
Chef invites some of his well-known musician friends to participate in a benefit concert after he loses all of his money in a lawsuit. Meanwhile, the boys join the workforce to help him get out of debt.

"Spookyfish"
Original Air Date: 10-28-1998
Stan fears his pet fish may be involved with a rash of unsolved murders that occur on Halloween. Meanwhile, Cartman starts killing people — with kindness, even going so far as to appreciate Wendy's liberal views.

"Merry Christmas Charlie Manson"
Original Air Date: 12-09-1998
The boys go to Cartman's grandmother's house for a holiday feast that's also attended by Cartman's uncle (an escaped con) and the police.

"Gnomes"
Original Air Date: 12-16-1998
The boys work on a project with a high-strung kid whose parents' coffee shop faces strong competition from a conglomerate that hopes to set up in South Park.

"Prehistoric Ice Man"
Original Air Date: 01-20-1999
The boys unearth a prehistoric man frozen in ice, but the discovery jeopardizes Stan and Kyle's friendship when they argue over what to name him.

Audio for All Episodes:

Language - English
Encoded - Variable Bit Rate (VBR)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 109 kb/s

Video for All Episodes:

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Resolution - 512x384
Encoding - XViD
Codec - XviD ISO MPEG-4
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 984kb/s
Frames per Second - 29.970


Other Information:


I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!