NLSA Nova v2.2c

Nova for Windows has become the most popular Windows-based satellite tracking program in the world. In use by NASA, the U.S. Air Force, industry, and thousands of amateur radio operators, Nova sets the standard for excellence. Nova includes realistic maps that are shaded to show vegetation, topography, and ocean bathymetry. Satellite positions are shown with accompanying ground tracks, orbital paths, and star background.

Nova for Windows includes:

Fast, accurate real-time tracking information for an unlimited number of of Earth-orbiting satellites.
Full-color 3-D maps.
Built-in autotracking for turning az/el antennas.
Control antennas with the computer joystick
Super-simple updates of Keplerian Elements... AMSAT or NASA 2-line format.
One-click updating of Keplerian elements via the internet (HTTP & FTP). Can be completely automated for regularly scheduled updates.
Automatic time setting via the internet
Easy-to-use frequency display.
Capture maps and save them to disk, or e-mail to someone else
Automatic sound alarms for satellite AOS, TCA, and LOS.
Information-rich graphics + text satellite tracking screens.
Also tracks the Moon, Sun, planets, cosmic noise sources, and cold sky. Displays the star background, too
Context-sensitive online Help available at all times. You can preview the entire Help file if you want to.
Exceptional speed and accuracy using James Miller's Plan-13 or T.S. Kelso's adaptation of SGP4/SDP4 tracking algorithms.
Full implementation of Escobal's fast rise-set algorithm for nearly-instant AOS/LOS calculations.
Complete listing capability for printed output of future passes, mutual windows, two-satellite mutual visibility, satellite eclipses.
Sophisticated fully-editable or automatic "Script Tracking" for scheduling future passes of multiple satellites. Nova for Windows can priority-autotrack dozens of satellites.
Here are links to Nova for Windows' User's Manual and Help file
Quick-Tips shows how easy it is to get started with Nova for Windows (Adobe Acrobat format).
If you like to write your own programs, NfW's DDE specifications are here. Here are code examples for DDE using Visual Basic, Delphi, Perl, and C++*.


* Visual Basic DDE example by Dave Lamont (Uni-Trac), Perl example by Richard Cantzler (Univ. of Illinois), C++ DDE example by Rick Ruhl (Creative Services Software).



Home Page - http://www.nlsa.com/

