Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Be With You" is a song by The Bangles. Taken from their third album Everything (1988), it was released as a single in 1989.

The song was the follow-up to the worldwide smash hit Eternal Flame and performed respectably in the charts, reaching #30 in the US and #23 in the UK.

The song was composed by drummer Debbi Peterson and Walter Iglehart, and produced by Davitt Sigerson. Peterson sang lead vocals on the song, one of the only two A-sides upon which she did so. The track was remixed by Chris Lord-Alge for the single release. This is also their third consecutive Billboard Top 40 hit single written by at least one band member. The song reached #30 on Billboard in June 1989, becoming the last one to hit the charts, a situation that contributed more to the group's dissolution months later.

In the UK its primary B-side was "Let It Go" (from Different Light). The CD and 12" releases also included an extended version of In Your Room.

The single version of "Be with You" was included on Greatest Hits (1990) and Best of The Bangles (1999).

Everything is a 1988 album by The Bangles.

Just like its predecessor, Everything also produced a #5 hit ("In Your Room"), and a #1 single, "Eternal Flame," which became a chart-topper in almost every major chart around the world, among its released singles.

The 2008 reissue CD on the Wounded Birds label (WOU 4056) adds a bonus track: "In Your Room" (12" Remix).

The Bangles are an American all-female band that originated in the early 1980s, scoring several hit singles during the decade.

Susanna Hoffs joined sisters Vicki and Debbi Peterson to form a band in Los Angeles in December, 1980. The trio briefly christened itself The Colours, then renamed itself The Supersonic Bangs, and shortly afterwards The Bangs. The band was part of the Los Angeles Paisley Underground scene, which featured groups that played a mixture of 1960s-influenced folk-rock and jangle pop with a more modern punk–ish/garage band undertone. In 1981, the threesome recorded and released a single ("Getting Out Of Hand" b/w "Call on Me") on DownKiddie Records (their own label). In 1982, the trio was signed to Faulty Products, a label formed by Miles Copeland.

The early Bangles line-up of Susanna Hoffs (vocals/guitars), Vicki Peterson (guitars/vocals), Debbi Peterson (vocals/drums) and Annette Zilinskas (vocals/bass) recorded an EP in 1982, and released the single "The Real World". A legal issue forced the band to change their name at the last minute so they dropped "The" and added the letters "les" to the end to become Bangles. Their first EP was retitled Bangles and released. In 1983, Faulty Products issued a 12 inch "remix" single of "The Real World" to radio and media, but another setback came as the label folded. I.R.S. Records picked up distribution and re-issued the EP. After Zilinskas left the band to focus on her own project Blood on the Saddle, she was replaced by Michael Steele, formerly of the all-girl band The Runaways, Toni & The Movers, Slow Children and Elton Duck.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/