Malwarebytes Anti-Malware 1.50 Full 

Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware is a full-blown anti-malware program that has recently left our labs and can be considered the next step in the detection and removal of malware. A new technologies that were especially designed to quickly detect, deter and destroy any malware that could reside in your computer.

The Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware application was designed to monitor every process and actually stops malicious processes before they even start. It uses our impressive technology that is in fact a completely novel way of heuristic scanning and it is our response to the increasingly complex malware threats.

And, as we did with our Malwarebytes' RogueRemover we also have added a threats center. You can simply check online which pests are removed the most and thus are the most prevalent.

New Features:
Ã‚Â· Ability to scan system startup locations for improved detection and to target persistent malware that may be obstructing removal.
Ã‚Â· Right-click context menu scans now use heuristics.

Issues Fixed:
Ã‚Â· Improved compatibility with antivirus software.
Ã‚Â· Fixed issue with "Recover if missed by" setting in scheduler not working correctly on Windows 2000 and Windows XP.
Ã‚Â· Fixed issue with "Recover if missed by" setting in scheduler not working for scans and updates scheduled to run 'Once'.
Ã‚Â· Fixed issue with Heuristics.Shuriken causing the program to freeze or crash.
Ã‚Â· Fixed issue with certain infections going undetected by the protection module in 64-bit Windows versions.
Ã‚Â· Fixed issue with silent scans not creating logs in certain scenarios.


Instructions

1.Install the application/Update it.
2.Use one of the serial provided to register.
4.Done

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:            
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

Report Comment Spammers Here:          
http://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=51644



It is scanned by using Kaspersky and Norton antivirus, and its completely virus free, Please help me by seeding my torrents.



For more downloads please visit http://thepiratebay.org/


Cheers Matey! :-)
			