Advanced PC Tweaker 4.2 Datecode 20.12.2011

Advanced PC Tweaker is the diagnostic and maitainace tool with more than 15 functions to provide complete care and boost performamce for your PC. It enhances your PC system by repairing problems, cleanning junks, managing backups and optimizing system; it can also completely uninstall unwanted programs, deeply optimize system memory and protect sensitive information by completely removing all personal traces of Internet activities with our result-oriented technology. In addition, Advanced PC Tweaker offers great after-sales services to allow users submit problems for professional advises. It is fully compatible with Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, and Vista . With the help of Advanced PC Tweaker, you can effectively and easily improve system performance, customize Windows to personal preference, back up data before any repairing, restore Windows system for different time and solve various PC problems with a few clicks.

Increase Performance: As we all know, Windows system keeps becoming slower and slower over time. Advances PC Tweaker offers several useful functions to prevent your computer from slowing down. Registry Cleaner contains a total of 17 dedicated categories for your registry scanning and detecting. By choosing the category you want, the smart scanning engine will find out and list the detected problems that make your PC's performance unstable and insufficient and repair the problems, thus to boost PC performance.
Maintain Windows: The Windows is a dynamic system that changes regularly every time we use it, therefore, regular system maintenance will be necessary. Advanced PC Tweaker's 1-Click Tweak can automatically process system tweak at predefined time. To keep your system in top shape at all times, you can also let Advanced PC Tweaker run at Windows startup for detailed registry maintenance.
Free Up Disk Space: Even the largest hard disks will fill up someday if you store too much information in it. Advanced PC Tweaker helps you scan and clean up the junk files from your system to provide more space on your hard drives and allow applications to run faster and more efficiently.
Customize Windows: This feature in Advanced PC Tweaker will help you customize Windows to you personal favorite by changing the behavior of startup menu or taskbar. Besides, Advanced PC Tweaker includes BHO(Internet Browser Helper Objects) manager and IE Restore utilities to ensure a better and healthier internet experience by blocking malicious plugins and restore Internet Explorer to sound performing states.
Solve Problems: Advanced PC Tweaker will repair your registry problems with only several clicks as you can make choice on the listed items detected by the engine which will automatically repair all the specified problems. In addition to the selection and deselection operations, you can exclude any items to Ignore List where Advanced PC Tweaker will reference and ignore the excluded entries at the next-time scanning. To further protect your data, when you run Advanced PC Tweaker at the first time, it is required to have a full backup on your registry files before any registry problems will be fixed, which you can always use to recover the registry to a previous state.
Backup and Restore: Advenced PC Tweaker introduces powerful registry backup and recovery management utilities, including repair backup and full backup, backup restoring capability, restoring or deleting your backups, and the new feature Restore Point, which will give you more leverage on ensuring the safety of your system during registry repairing.
System Optimizing: facilitated by 5 major utilities, including System Optimizer, Block ActiveX, Error Utilities, Register ActiveX, Optimize Memory, sophisticatedly enough to tune up your system that will run at the optimal state
Uninstall Program: This built-in utility offers better and easier way for you to completely uninstall any unwanted application that standard Windows Add/Remove program can't remove.
Submit Problems: This add-in goody can be used for submiting problems that can not be solved or the unwanted programs can not be uninstalled successfully.
Windows System Compatible: Advanced PC Tweaker is fully compatible with all the major Windows-based systems, including the latest Windows Vista, Windows XP/ 2003/ 2000 and even Windows 98 and ME.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                     
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1350+ torrents                                                                                     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay