Earth 2 Season 1: Note about viewing order:

Natural Born Grendlers is a "lost" episode that was aired out of sequence. It should have been aired between episode 6 and 7 and as such has been renamed to fit.

101-102		First Contact

Premiered: November 6, 1994
Guest Stars: Tim Curry, Richard Bradford
Directed By: Scott Winant
Written By: Billy Ray and Michael Duggan & Carol Flint & Mark Levin

The two-hour premiere in which the Eden Project makes it's 22 year journey to the planet G889 in hopes of curing children inflicted with the Syndrome and finding a new home for all of humankind. A major equipment failure forces the advance party and the ship's crew to abandon the ship and they crash land on the wrong side of the planet in their escape pods. They cannot stay where they are and travel halfway across the planet to the intended meeting place, New Pacifica, where they were supposed to have a complete colony established before the arrival of the slower colony ship filled with 200 families, due to arrive in two years. Pilot, Alonzo first encounters one of G889's inhabitants, the Terrians in the dreamplane; Ulysses is taken by the Terrians and returned healed; True befriends a Koba who kills Commander O'Neill.

103		The Man Who Fell To Earth

Premiered: November 13, 1994
Guest Stars: Tim Curry
Directed By: Felix Enriquez Alcala
Written By: Mark Levin

The Eden Project meets Gaal, who claims to be an astronaut who crashed on the planet 15 years ago. Gaal befriends True, but the rest of the Eden Advance party grows more and more suspicious of him. Morgan is attacked by a Koba True had hidden in her back pack and collapses like Commander O'Neill, but Gaal informs them that Koba toxin isn't fatal, and that he is only in a day-long coma. Everyone realizes they have buried Commander O'Neill alive and they rush back to his now empty grave. Gaal says Grendlers must have dug it up and later offers to contact the Grendlers for information about O'Neill. The party meets a Grendler for the first time through Gaal. A trade is made with the Grendlers for the information on the whereabouts of the Commander.  O'Neill returns and quickly grows suspicious of Gaal. The next day he follows Gaal to his hideout and Gaal commands his Grendlers to kill him.

104		Life Lessons

Premiered: November 20, 1994
Guest Stars: Tim Curry
Directed By: Daniel Sackheim
Written By: Jennifer Flackett

The colonists' distrust of Gaal grows. Danziger discovers sabotage of one of the vehicles. Gaal brings cargo containers from the crashed ship, which Gaal claims he obtained from Grendlers. One container holds frozen canisters, and Julia opens one to let the contents mature. It turns out to be a pony, which matures rapidly into a full grown horse. Uly and True fight over the horse, Ulysses has named Pegasus. Alonzo, disturbed by his dreams and not used to being out of cold sleep , grows more and more depressed. Gaal plays on True's discontent to woo her to be his companion. He tries to obtain the code to unlock the vehicles from her, but Danziger has changed them. Yale searches his database for information about Gaal but finds the records locked, but later learns his is a convicted criminal. Danziger kicks Gaal out and warns him not to come within a 100 miles of the Eden group .

105		Promises, Promises

Premiered: November 27, 1994
Guest Stars: Tim Curry
Directed By: Felix Enriquez Alcala
Written By: P.K. Simonds

The colonists experience rain for the first time. Uly begins to grow sick again and has to be put back into his immuno suit. On the dreamplane Alonzo learns that Uly's well-being is connected to the Terrians who need their help. The group makes a detour to the mountains where the Terrians are to help them. True thinks Gaal can help Uly with his "magic" and summons him with the whistle he gave her after she sees Devon sobbing behind her tent. When she tells him that the Terrians called them here to help Uly he realizes that some of the Terrians that he has imprisoned  have escaped. When True sees what he has been doing to them, she resolves to help defeat him. After a shoot-out, the Terrians, who have been released, pull Gaal down into to the ground, presumably to his death. Uly grows healthy again.

106		A Memory Play

Premiered: December 4, 1994
Guest Stars:Julius Carry, LaTanya Richardson
Directed By: Deborah Reinisch
Written By: Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett

Morgan sees Grendlers everywhere, but no one else sees them. Everyone is on edge, many bicker and fight as they seek someone to blame for the crash. While resting from their daily travels, True find a grave with an Eden Project jacket nearby. Hoping that they will find survivors from the 3rd evacuation pod, Devon sends out scouts parties to search for them. Danziger and Baines find two of Danziger's long-time mates fatally ill with a highly contagious virus, and become sick themselves. Julia takes samples from the ill, and after Morgan accidentally splatters Grendler spit all over Julia's experiments, she discovers that it has killed the virus that is making the group sick. She is able to produce a cure, but it is too late for Danziger's friends. An autopsy of Wentworth reveals an implanted motivation chip which has interacted with the planet, causing the virus to mutate and spread. The motivation chip caused Wentworth to sabotage the ship and cause the crash, but she was never aware that she and done it. At the very end of the episode, it is revealed that Julia is a spy for the council as she checks in with her council contact.

107	Natural Born Grendlers

Premiered: May 28, 1995
Guest Stars:
Directed By: Michael Grossman
Written By: Carl Cramer and David Solmonson

Eden Project is running low on food. Alonzo's depression worsens and he tries to kill himself by driving the ATV off of a cliff. Luckily for him, two Terrians stop him. He encounters an old flame on the dreamplane who helps him come to terms with his life on the planet. Bess makes friends with a Grendler and trades Morgan's VR gear for fruit and Devon and Yale encourage her to make other trades. Morgan convinces her to get his VR-gear back and she lures the Grendler with shiny but useless objects for trading. She gets Morgan's gear back and also procures a geo-lock, a prospector's claim-maker that petrifies the land being claimed.

108	Water

Premiered: December 11, 1994
Guest Stars: Terry O'Quinn 
Directed By: Joe Napolitano
Written By: Carol Flint

After Grendlers dump out Eden Projects water supply, Danziger and Devon take the dune rail to search for water. The Terrians feel threatened when the duo gets too close to their source of power. They shoot the pair with their lightening staffs and tie them up. At the camp, Alonzo and Julia make an uneasy beginning on a romantic relationship. Danziger and Devon manage to untie themselves and continue their search for water. Dangerously dehydrated, they find a lake but it dissolves their canteen and they see Terrians dipping their lightening staffs into the lake, recharging them. They continue their search but Danziger collapses. Devon continues on her own and finds the dune rail where the Terrians had moved it and discovers water under its wheel. The Terrians find Danziger and squeeze the water from a cactus into his mouth reviving him. The episode ends with a joyful water fight among the colonists, initiated by Danziger and Devon.

109	The Church of Morgan

Premiered: December 18, 1994
Guest Stars: Terry O'Quinn 
Directed By: Joe Napolitano
Written By: Michael Duggan

Julia watches as Uly, who's DNA has been changed by the Terrians discovers he can plunge his arm into the ground. Bess consults Yale, hoping he can hear her confession since she feels that she has cheated on Morgan even though it was only in her imagination/dreams. When she tries to discuss it with Morgan he freaks out. He and Bess separate and he makes a pest of himself trying to find out who the other man is. Julia enters VR and tells Reilly that Uly is exhibiting Terrian traits. Reilly tells her Uly's change is centered in the pineal gland and instructs her to harvest it for study. Julia agrees to test Uly's spinal fluid but resists the idea of harvesting his pineal gland, but eventually she gives in. After sedating a sleeping Devon and Uly, she takes Uly to an operating site she has set up away from camp. As she begins the incision, a Terrian appears, and Moorish into Alonzo who is holding a heart in his hand. He tells Julia that if she harvests Uly's pineal, they will all die because Uly has become an important link to the evolutionary changes they will have to undergo to survive on the planet. In the meantime, Bess finds Morgan using VR to have an all-important conversation with her now dead father. Touched, she makes up with him and they decide to renew their marriage contract. The episode ends as the entire Eden project enters VR to hold a formal 1940s style wedding.

110	The Enemy Within

Premiered: January 8, 1994
Guest Stars: Terry O'Quinn 
Directed By: John Harrison
Written By: Eric Estrin and Michael Berlin

In narration we learn about Julia's background and ties to the council through her mother and her own council sponsored genetic enhancement. Julia's loyalties are becoming more and more split. She tells Reilly she will inject Uly's DNA into herself to become the link between the humans and Terrians- so she doesn't have to harm Uly.  With each dose of Uly's DNA she grows more and more agitated. She is eventually discovered and has a fight with Devon and throws her off the cliff. Lucky for Julia, the entire fight was in VR. They sedate her and decide to expel her from the group. The episode ends when Julia wakes up the next day and finds that she has been left alone. The Eden Project, feeling badly, but justified in their decision, continue on without her.

111	Redemption

Premiered: January 22, 1995
Guest Stars: Terry O'Quinn, Jeff Kober,
Directed By: Joe Ann Fogle
Written By: Arthur Sellers

Alonzo decides to go back for Julia and Devon halts the group to wait for him. Alonzo returns with Julia and is bringing her communication device as proof that she has completely realigned her loyalties. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Yale is hit by a bullet and Julia operates on him, saving his life. They ask Julia to prove she didn't reveal their location to the council by talking to Reilly on VR gear with Devon listening in. Reilly tells her to dispose of the bullet as fast as she can. She throws it away from camp just before it explodes. It turns out the shooter is a ZED, a "zero emotional defects", similar to the Yale program but specialized for killing. Their job is to monitor the exiled prisoners who have been sent to the planet and gather information about them before they die. The group is able to defeat the ZED by fooling Reilly into revealing the ZED's weakness. In the end, Julia brings others into a VR meeting with Reilly where she declares her loyalty to Eden Project.

112	Moon Cross

Premiered: February 2, 1995
Guest Stars: Kelli Williams, Laurie Ciarametaro, Kevin Wiggins
Directed By: Sandy Smolan
Written By: Carol Flint

It grows colder and snows. Alonzo, on the dreamplane is asked if the Uly is ready, but the Terrians don't say what for. Uly shows them a dome with a climatically controlled and still functioning greenhouse. Uly is vague about how he knows about "Mary's Garden." There are ghosts haunting the dome, of rebel Terrians, a child and her parents that only Devon sees. Alonzo is attacked by rebel Terrians and Mary comes to his rescue. Mary is a human who has been raised by Terrians, but with Alonzo's help remembers how to speak. The ghosts are Mary's parents who were killed by the rebels. The rebels have been ostracized and are not allowed to join in the yearly Moon Cross ceremony. Mary teaches Uly how to speak the Terrian trilling language and fire a lightening staff. Uly becomes the peacemaker that affects a reunification between the outcasts and the tribe.

113	Better Living Through Morganite, Part I

Premiered: February 19, 1995
Guest Stars:
Directed By: Jim Charleston
Written By: P.K. Simonds

Yale begins to act strangely and the group worries that his mind wash is failing and that he will return to the criminal he was before he was made into a Yale. The camp is awakened at night by an earthquake and lightening. Checking out the place where lightening struck, Danziger and Magus find hot, glowing rocks. Morgan and Bess plan to stake a claim to the rocks with the geo-lock Bess got from the Grendler. Julia analyzes the rocks and hypothesizes that they are part of a communication between the planet and its creatures. Yale loses his temper with Uly and decides to exile himself as a danger to the group. Morgan sets off the geo-lock before he realizes that Bess has gone down to the caves to investigate the rocks. He rushes of to find her before the countdown on the the geolock is over. They encounter Yale in the caves and watch as the geolock sets off locking up a kilometer of land and a Terrian.

114	Better Living Through Morganite, Part II

Premiered: February 26, 1995
Guest Stars: Kelli Williams, David Elliot, Leslie Cook, Patrick
Henry Finnegan
Directed By: Frank DePalma
Written By: P.K. Simonds

Eden Project learns that the geo-lock has crippled a vital part of the planet and has disabled the dream plane. The Terrians hold Bess, Morgan and Yale responsible and intend to execute them in retribution. Devon and Alonzo try to negotiate, while  Danziger plans an armed attack. Yale thinking he is undergoing a mind wash failure offers himself as a sacrifice if the Terrians will let Bess and Morgan free. Mary shows Yale how to use the sunstones to learn the truth and he begins to regain his pre brain washed identity. Morgan breaks the geolock release code and it reverses its effects. The land and the Terrian are revivified. Yale's memories come back and he realizes he is not a criminal, but was punished for disobeying orders to kill innocent people. Mary helps him escape, but is punished by the Terrians and her Terrian traits are taken away from her. Yale tries to convince her to join the humans but she runs off.

115	Grendlers in the Myst

Premiered: March 5, 1995
Guest Stars: Tim Ransom, Francia Di Mase as Dell Curry
Directed By: Janet Davidson
Written By: Heather MacGillvray and Linda Mathious

The Edenites track a Grendler through the snow in hopes of finding its stash of supplies and find a welcome supply of heavy winter clothing. The Group begins to dream about a woman who feels like their mothers calling them and begging them to listen. They begin to get transmissions on their communication gear from the same woman, Dell Curry. She is pleading over gear to someone named Whalen to put aside the fire in his heart, that killing her is not the answer. They are fired upon, apparently by the same person she is pleading too. Members of the group pursue, but can't find him. Both Dell and and the man turn out to be holograms that have been running for 20 years. True also learns about her mother for the first time and she visits her brain dead mother in a VR program.

116	The Greatest Love Story Never Told

Premiered: March 12, 1995
Guest Stars: Patrick Bauchau, Lilyan Chauvin,
             Andrew J. Ferchland, Roy Dotrice
Directed By: James Frawley
Written By: Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett

While out scouting, Danziger gets sick and lost and is taken underground for protection by a group of redeemed penal colonists that have taken refuge in a Terrian cave. The leader of the group, Shepard, had been dreaming with Devon prior to her leaving the stations. Apparently, it was Shepard's idea for Devon to come to G889. On the dreamplane, Alonzo is given a message on the whereabouts of John, and Devon goes to get him. Devon at first does not remember Shepard but eventually does when The Elder waves his hands in front of her face. Devon and Shepard get close, even through True and Danziger warn her that he was sent to G889 as a convicted murderer. Once John is healthy enough, Devon and the Danzigers leave the underground colony. Secretly, Devon and Shepard have agreed that Shepard will join the group, but he doesn't make it to their meeting point. Devon, afraid that Shepard's twin sister, Katrina, has found out that Shepard is leaving, and will hurt him, ruches back underground to find him. They reunite, but Katrina stabs and kills Shepard and goes after Devon. John, who followed Devon back into the cave, shoots and kills Katrina just as she is about to stab Devon with her knife.

117	Brave New Pacifica

Premiered: March 26, 1995
Guest Stars:
Directed By: Joe Napolitano
Written By: Carol Flint

When a Grendler shows up at the colonists' camp with supplies from the supply pods that are awaiting them at New Pacifica, Danziger and Alonzo set out to scout ahead, believing that they must be closer to New Pacifica than originally thought. Devon and Julia find a cave, used by the Grendlers, which contains some kind of natural transport portal. A Grendler first abducts Julia and takes her through the portal to its cave, where it demands that she supply it with human blood. Meanwhile, Devon, Danzinger, and Alonzo follow through the portal to try to find and rescue Julia. They find themselves on a beach in warm weather and believe they have reached the vicinity of New Pacifica. They later realize that they are actually on the opposite coast from New Pacifica -- 6,000 km in the wrong direction. After they find Julia and try to return, the portal stops functioning. With John's help, Julia realizes that the spiders that have been biting the Grendlers and the colonists are responsible for setting up the portal. There are two types of spiders, one with a positive charge and one with a negative. The positive spiders are on one side of the portal, and the negative on the other. Unbeknownst to the foursome, they brought a negative spider to the positive side and it has stopped the portal from functioning. Once they find the negative spider, they take it off the web, starting the portal back up and return home.

118	After the Thaw

Premiered: April 2, 1995
Guest Stars:Roy Dotrice, Andrew J. Ferchland
Directed By: Michael Grossman
Written By: Theo Cohan

It is winter and food is scarce. While foraging for food, Julia stumbles on the frozen remains of a 300,000 year old Terrian and has it taken back to camp for analysis. During the night, energy that was previously present in the Terrian body disappears and soon after, strange things begin to happen in the camp. The next day, the colonists find much of Julia's equipment destroyed and the mutilated body of a Grendler just outside the camp. Returning to the cave dwelling humans they found a few weeks earlier, Devon and Danziger learns that the prehistoric Terrian was the embodiment of all of the evil emotions of the now pacifist Terrians. This evil has escaped the prehistoric Terrian's remains and now inhabits the body of one of the colonist. Devon and Danziger head back to camp and try to figure who the 'possessed' colonists is. John points the finger at Alonzo, but only Alonzo knows that it is really Danziger. As Danziger tries to sedate Alonzo, Alonzo escapes and finds refuge with the cave dwelling humans. Devon, Julia and Danziger go after him, and the women soon realize that it is in fact Danziger, not Alonzo, who is possessed. The trick Danziger and get his gone. Danziger chases after the woman, who do not want to shoot him. He forces them into a corner, and Devon points the mag-pro at John, but Alonzo yells at her not to shoot. Danziger attacks Alonzo and forces him onto the dreamplane where Alonzo kills the Evil Terrian that was possessing John.

119	The Boy Who Would be Terrian King

Premiered: April 23, 1995
Guest Stars: Michael Reilly Burke, Nicholas Sadler
Directed By: Jim Charleston
Written By: Heather MacGillvray and Linda Mathious

On Ulysses' 9th birthday, his (possible) future self from 16 years ahead appears to Devon in her dreams to get her and young Ulysses to help him save the Terrians from persecution and extinction at the hands of expansionist colonists. Uly successfully helps the future Terrians and unknowingly saves his own future. True also helps an ailing Koba.

120	Survival of the Fittest

Premiered: April 23, 1995
Guest Stars:
Directed By: John Harrison
Written By: John Harrison

While searching for one of the cargo pods ejected from their crashing ship, Danziger, Julia, Alonzo, and Morgan run out of food and water and, after an accident in the rail and are stranded. After they are rescued by another group from camp, they are haunted by their dreams and a nearby Grendler who reminds them of what lengths they went to in trying to survive while stranded. We then see four scenarios from each of John, Julia, Alonzo and Morgan's point of view of the group eating a Grendler that John in his opinion (and not Alonzo's) killed in self defense. In Julia's story we learn that the Grendler was going to be a mother. True, wanting to communicate with the Grendler's significant other, goes off in the night to talk to him. In the morning when the group finds True missing, they set out armed in search for her. John finds her talking to the Grendler, and when the Grendler sees John armed, he pulls True in front of him for protection. John, thinking True is being held hostage, offers himself for her. The Grendler lets her go, and she tells her father that the Grendler just wanted an explanation of what happened.

121	Flower Child

Premiered: June 4, 1995
Guest Stars:
Directed By: Jim Charleston
Written By: Carl Cramer

Scouting for food, Danzinger and Bess come across some flowers that spray them with a powder. Later that evening, both begin experiencing severe pain and Julia tries to treat them. Danziger lets Julia pump the powder from his lungs, but Bess refuses. The next day, she wanders off towards the north, obsessed with taking the entity within her to a specific location. Although Julia and Morgan catch up with her and try to stop her, she eventually arrives at a deep crevice in the earth. Realizing she will jump, they manage to tie her legs so that she just hangs over the edge. When the powder leaves her body, the crevice explodes in a spray of color and warmth -- Bess has given birth to spring!

122	All About Eve

Premiered: May 21, 1995
Guest Stars: Terry O'Quinn, Christopher Neame, Margaret Gibson
Directed By: John Harrison
Written By: Robert Crais

While engaging in a virtual reality program, a strange man appears to Morgan and directs him to take the colonists to a certain nearby location. Morgan program's the colonist's vehicle to stop at the desired location and when they arrive, they find the wreckage of a 50 year old Earth ship. Inside, Morgan activates the mechanism to awaken the still alive occupants of the craft, but only two survive -- a man and a woman who were scientists working for the Council. The survivors are able to diagnose an ailment that is killing the colonists as the result of the malfunction of neural implants that the Earth government placed in the colonists without their knowledge. The scientists also admit that a powerful Earth government computer, named "Eve," is in orbit around the planet and has been monitoring the colonists' activities through the implants. With the aid of the two scientists, the colonists determine that by establishing an interface between "Eve" and Yale they can correct errors in "Eve's" program. Before the scientists die from the effects of their long cryogenic sleep, they warn the colonists that they will all die because the planet will reject them. Later, after the other colonists have regained their health Devon collapses from an unknown ailment that is related to the planet's rejection of the humans. The colonists then place a near death Devon in a cryogenic chamber in the wrecked craft hoping that it will buy them some time in searching for a way to cure her.
