mp3   320kbps


Label: Crooked Walls
Styles: Modern electric blues
Year: 2009 
Art: Front 

[3:39] 1. Bullet Blues
[3:33] 2. Redhouse
[3:26] 3. Sweet Home Chicago
[4:09] 4. Blues in the Basement
[3:33] 5. Hothouse Blues
[3:46] 6. Bright Lights, Big City
[3:03] 7. Man in the Box
[3:51] 8. Been Retired From Your Love
[3:54] 9. Inflation Blues
[3:14] 10. Matchbox Blues
[3:34] 11. Steamroller Blues


JEROME MYKIETYN is THE RECLAMATORS! He has come full circle and has released his freshman blues album, "sing it, white boy!", after having recorded professionally since 1963, when he had his first single release (vinyl) for the Dunes label out of New York City, while a sophomore in college. Having met Ron Dante (who got him his contract), he was able to get his "foot in the door". He then got a deal with Laurie Records where for the next six years he turned out fifteen singles. With only some minor hits and having started a family, he turned to a steady job and the "regular world", but still kept up with the writing, singing and "the dream". Jerome has played many different genres of music, but his love of the blues has taken him back to his roots, when he first started playing in high school. His introduction to the blues was the sound of Jimmy Reed and the raw rock'n'roll of Elvis. From that moment he knew what he was meant to do. And that is how the album "sing it, white boy!" by The Reclamators was born. The name, taken from the word reclamate, means to recover, restore or replant, and that is why he has taken the classic songs on the album and restored them with his own new interpretations, along with his own originals. This, his first full album, has been a labor of love, having spent the last three years putting it all together. 

With the help of his son and co-producer, Jeremy, he has been able to recruit some of the best musicians that he has played together with throughout his career. An open invitation to his friends has yielded a combination that was just right for his vision of the album. 

Sticking to his theme of social issues, he has written some biting commentary on the state of the world today.His observations on global warming (Hothouse Blues), homelessness (Man in the Box), the state of the economy (Inflation Blues), the war (Bullet Blues) and love's rejection (Been Retired From Your Love) are enlightening. Jerome is well on his way to having his name imprinted in the pages of The Guinness Book of Records by getting closer to his first hit record, taking almost fifty years to do it. NOW THAT IS A GOAL!


