Exploited College Girls - April (Sexy, Busty, Young)


 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/960_1.jpg.html

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/959_2.jpg.html




In the mood for a sexy, busty, young Latina today? Well, right along here, kind Sir. You're welcome. 19 year old April is a late bloomer, having only lost her virginity at 18 due to her ultra strict parents' constant interference. Now that she is legal (and away from home), April decided to not only explore her sexuality but do so in the most public manner possible: shoot porn with a stranger. I'm the first one bestowed this honor but I have a feeling April isn't done doing the nasty on camera - she's just too hot not to do porn, she likes to be treated like a princess (her words, not mine) and lives for the attention. Plus she gets to be naughty and give her parents the middle finger, so that's a plus.
We do a quick Q 'n A while April picks out her outfit for the shoot, and she reveals the kinky stuff she likes. Let's just say for that a girl who just started to have sex, there's some crazy things she's into. We then go straight into doing the still photos. You can tell she's pretty nervous and a bit awkward at first, but she tries her best to smile and look hot while I have her pose, spread, and demonstrate that crazy hot legs-behind-her-head thing she's so proud of. April's look, skin tone, that hint of a sexy accent...everything about her is a huge turn-on but I manage to keep it together until I get her on the bed and we begin the video.
Now I get to unwrap, touch, and explore April's great tits and shaved pussy in detail and as I get close I notice this chick even smells good. It's not fragrance either, her pussy emits a sweet smell that makes me want to dive in and lick my way deep inside her. And so I do. April likes it but I can't seem to get her over the edge to cum yet...until I start licking her ass. Boom! April starts squirming and tells me she likes that. A lot. I hold a vibrator to her clit while licking her ass and April has a body-shaking orgasm (watch April cum from all three camera angles, back to back). So that's one. While she recuperates I grab more toys from my arsenal in hopes of getting our Latina babe off one more time. The first one doesn't do it for her but when I grab the Rabbit vibrator, April's face lights up. Oh yeah, our girl likes to masturbate (usually with just fingers though) and she's familiar with the Rabbit. Can I get her to orgasm one more time? Watch and find out.
April is still playing with herself as I get the cameras ready for the next segment: It's blowjob time, and let me tell you, April's eyes on you while she has your cock in her mouth is something for the memoirs. Being so new to sexual things, April isn't into the gagging (I tried) or anything crazy, but that's okay. I'm not going to push her too hard because I secretly hope I get her to come back one day. Maybe for some assfuckin', or a threesome. I bang our Latina while she's on all fours, and while she tries to put on a show for the cameras and look in control, it's clear she's having a good time too. If it's not clear, it will be when I pull out of her and hold my camera to her girl-juice soaked pussy. Good times.
Since I made April cum by licking her ass, I ask her to return the favor. So for those who don't like watching girls give rimjobs, be warned. Because April does it. Really, really well. Without questioning, and just a brief moment of hesitation. What a dirty, dirty girl April is. So dirty that she takes a shower after she made me cum. April showers. (LOL! get it?).
Okay, another first-timer I'm sure will go on to do great things, either on camera, or with a lucky boyfriend (currently she's single, gentlemen...) at home. I don't know how I got to be so lucky but I'm not complaining. Neither will you when you watch April's video. Enjoy!