The idea of finding Russian music and to make it my own has been with me as long as I can remember but it was first after the ACT-Man Siggi Loch made the suggetion to record music from Russia that I dared to start my pursuit. Without his enthusiasm, I would never have had the courage to realize my dream, to go look for my roots. Thank you Siggi for giving me the push!

I have always been an admirer of the great Russian composers and now and then I have allowed me to fantasize about how the melodies would sound with new lyrics, having the music arranged to sound a little more like today.

I do have to say that this whole project has brought me closer to the Tolstoy part of me and I feel proud of the musical power of the Russian composers, it feels like I have found a treasure chest!

To search for music that would fit my ideas has been filled with joy and inspiration. I have listened to loads of classical records and I totally fell in love with Tchaikowskys music.

I have an enormous respect for the composers and their music and at times I did wonder if it really would be possible to pull this project through. Now I know that not only was it possible but also, the result is better than I ever dared to dream of!

I would like to thank my beloved musicians for your talent and inspiration and Anna for your wonderful lyrics, on the spot!

Thanks also to Nils who made it all happen!
Lots of love.
Viktoria 

- - -

Viktoria Tolstoy - My Russian soul 2008
(München Act)

 1. Home. 
 2. Word by word. 
 3. The curtain falls. 
 4. Little pretty. 
 5. Our stories. 
 6. Stranger in paradise. 
 7. You can go home again. 
 8. Silent rhapsody. 
 9. Although your gone. 
10. Our man. 
11. No news. 
12. Aftermath


Viktoria Tolstoy - vocals
Jacob Karlzon - piano & keyboards
Nicola Borurka / Ingrid Sturegard / 
Helena Frankmar / Johan Granström - bass & Fender fretless bass
Cecilia Hunlkrantz / Asa Rudner / 
Catherine Claesson / Rasmus Kihlberg - drums & percussion
Hanna Eliasson - violin
Joakim Milder - tenor & soprano saxophones
Per Högberg / Lars Martensson / Maria Borud - viola
Nils Landgren - trombone & vocals (on Track 10)
Claes Gunnarsson / Anders Robertsson - cello
Lelo Nika - accordion
Bo Eklund – bass

Producer - Nils Landgren
