
Ashampoo Photo Commander 9“ a new eighth version of the program, which is a comprehensive set of tools for working with digital images, and now with support for video and audio. Allows you to comfortably view your digital photos in a convenient way to organize their storage and sorting on the hard disk, also present the possibility of creating slideshows and burning it to CD / DVD drives. Built-in image editor allows you to adjust brightness and contrast of the entire image or a separate piece, rotate the image, mirror it, print and send digital photos by e-mail. It works with RAW files and have the opportunity to be used as a media player. The seventh version has several improvements, including hardware accelerated 3D, the possibility of creating panoramas, the new advanced search features and many other improvements.
What??™s new in version 8
Version 8 is a major update with countless improvements, but it focuses primarily on making everything even easier to use and more efficient than ever before. We have gone through every feature of the program and fine-tuned it to make a great product even better. New users will love how easy everything is to use, existing users will feel at home immediately, but with better tools and even faster, smoother performance.

Improvements in detail
??? User interface and photo/media organization
??? New photo captions feature
??? Previews and full-screen mode
??? Editing and effects
??? Searching, renaming, sorting, wizards
??? Printing and scanningn

Ashampoo Photo Commander Highlights
??? Batch Processing
??? Email, PDFs, and disc burning
??? Web albums, slide shows and more
??? Audio and video
??? Camera and scanner import
??? Skins and Plugins

New features
??? Many improvements in the user interface
??? New calendar mode: Display images in all selected folders in a single list, sorted by year, month and date
??? New filmstrip browser mode: Shows thumbnails as a ???rolling filmstrip??? below a preview window
??? New multiple folder preview: Shows contents of all selected folders in a single window, including sub-folders
??? New function to add descriptions to photos ??“ displayed as a caption and stored in the photo, readable by other programs
??? Improved editing tools with anti-aliasing for all objects for smoother images and higher quality
??? Instant printing for single and multiple photos ??“ just click and select Print for an instant Print dialog with preview
??? Even better interactive full-screen mode for photos and videos
??? Faster photo viewer with better zoom features
??? New, more effective method for finding duplicate photos
??? Improved resizing quality, new photo effects

1.INSTAL
2.RUN PATCH
3.RUN KEYGEN

SEED AFTER DOWNLOAD