Title: Brown Sugar 2 
AKA: Nam Tan Daeng 2
Year : 2010
Genre: Drama
Director : Surawat Chupol, Pratchaya Lampongchat and Anurak Chanlongsin
Country: thailand
audio: thai
subtitle: none
Starring : Anna Reese, Atis Amornwetch, Narisara Srisan, Prangthong Changdham

Wise Kwai's Thai film journal

Story :

Trisadee Bon Toh Arharn by Prachya Lampongchat.

Featuring a young blind man, who stays rooted to a wooden chair in front of a window, reading from a Braille book in his lap, Trisadee mostly deals with sensual sounds.
The wind blows through the window, making the lace curtains billow and flap. It's an old house with a leaky roof, so there's lots of echoing water drops. And a steam locomotive is heard chugging nearby, though it's explained in the dialog that there's construction going on nearby.
Anna Ris and Narisara Srisant star in this segment. They are best friends who return to their house after a day of shopping and find their blind friend reading poetry.
Anna portrays an actress and model. Her best friend is perhaps more than just a BFF. She stays still for a few frames, gazing lovingly into a photo of Anna, with her face reflected in the glass of the framed picture.

Lum Prang by Surawat Chuphol, 

In which a young man is returning to his rural home province after the death of his beloved aunt.
Conveniently and confusingly, he's met by his older cousin, who looks just like the aunt he had the hots for as a boy.
And there's a well-endowed teenage daughter hanging around, and she gets her clothes off at some point, though I'm not really sure why. But then again, hey, why not?
The story, which has an old-timey Jan Dara vibe, toggles back and forth between the present and guy's boyhood days, when he was living with his aunt, who had financial troubles and had a thuggish loanshark coming over to take his interest out in trade.
It looks like maybe the busty teenage girl might be heading down the same path with a group of local hoods.
Back in the past, the jealous boy eventually takes care of the situation with his auntie. Perhaps he'll come to the girl's rescue as well.

Khurak Bon Dao Loke by Anurak Janlongsilp. 

It's about a busy guy and gal who are always on the go and can never seem to connect.
It's Inception-lite, as the man lives in a dreamy time-fractured slow-motion world all his own.
Everything he touches turns to dust. This allows for interminable scenes of leaves falling in slow motion, and each time he tries to catch a leaf, it bursts into millions of tiny particles.