Anal Attack 3 (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/827117D3_Anal_Attack_3_dvd.htm 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=1562934&partner_id=10008495

Studio 	Evil Angel
Release Date Jan 07, 2011
Category All Sex, Anal
Director Raul Cristian
Starring Alexa, Lucy Lee, Stacy Silver, Janet Alfano, Dora Venter, Jasmine Rouge, Cora Carina, Lauro Giotto, Mugur, Titus Steel, James Brossman, Nick Lang, Claudio Meloni, Frank Major

Produced as part of the Buttman Magazine Choice line of videos, Raul Cristian's Anal Attack 3 features a combination of slow, sensual tease, nasty toys and balls-to-the-anal-wall hardcore sex! Raul directs his gang of well-hung Euro-studs to penetrate the rectal defenses of seven lovely girls in six raunchy scenes of seduction and mayhem that end in either facials or cum swallowing. Long, lean Janet Alfano and submissive, stacked Stacy Silver start off the fun by invading each other’s orifices with a series of sex toys. When four horny guys show up, well... You do the math! Butts get pounded, throats get fucked, and there's double penetration and ass-to-mouth fun for both lovely ladies. Speaking of lovely, blond Cora Carina is a vision of girl-next-door sweetness, even while showing off the glass buttplug she seems to wear at all times. Today's a special occasion, though — a date with Frank Major, who uses her mouth and asshole for his own purposes, spurting his seed across Cora's pretty face. Tiny Hungarian hottie Dora Venter teases us on a treadmill, her small bubble butt swaying to and fro. She primes herself with a rubber toy before her man shows up to drill Dora in every orifice. Next, sultry, sassy Lucy Lee shows off her amazing all-natural body and fills her hungry holes with clear glass toys, with Raul's help from behind the camera. Lucy takes on two guys who fuck her every which way they can, then splatter her face with semen. Tight, muscular Jasmine Rouge strips in the back yard and probes her anus with a curved purple phallus. Studsman Titus Steel fucks her comely face, and lets Jasmine ride his big cock to her anal satisfaction, finally delivering an oral cumshot — which the good girl happily swallows. And lastly, blond Alexa hypnotizes us with her fat, succulent, natural jugs, and stuffs her moist pussy with her own white panties before slobbering and deep-throating Mugur's big dick and getting her ass reamed wide open! Sexy Alexa can gulp down cum like a pro. And she proves it!
