Written by leading American practitioners, the Oxford American Handbooks of Medicine each offer a pocket-sized overview of an entire specialty, featuring instant access to guidance on the conditions that are most likely to be encountered. Precise and prescriptive, the handbooks offer up-to-date advice on examination, investigations, common procedures, and in-patient care. These books will be invaluable resources for residents and students, as well as a useful reference for practitioners.

The Oxford American Handbook of Sports Medicine brings together the common problems and diagnoses of sports medicine into a focused summary of the latest strategies, management plans, and evidence-based protocols. Its quick, accessible overview in a portable format will make it ideal for use on the sidelines and in the clinic by physicians working with both professional and amateur athletes and teams. Plus, primary care and orthopedic students, residents, and fellows will find it a dependable, practical guide during sports medicine rotations and clerkships as well as a good review tool for in-training exams. Extensively illustrated, compact and comprehensive, the full range of the specialty is covered including sections on sports psychology, imaging and procedures, as well as issues specific to women athletes and pediatric patients.

Why choose the Oxford American Handbook of Sports Medicine?

The design....
The Handbook uses a unique flexicover design that's durable and practical. Compact, light, and fits in your pocket! Also has quick reference tabs, four-color presentation, and bookmark ribbons to help provide fast answers.

The interior layout....
The Handbook is a quick reference in a small, innovative package. With one to two topics per page, it provides easy access and the emergency sections are in red to stand out. Icons throughout aid quick reference.

The information....
The Handbook succinctly covers all the essential topics in a one or two-page spread format with colored headings that break up the text and provide a logical structure for readers of all levels. Common clinical questions are answered clearly and extensively.

The history....
Oxford University Press is known around the world for excellence, tradition, and innovation. These handbooks are among the best selling in the world.

The price....
You get an extremely useful tool at a great value!
See all Editorial Reviews
Product Details

    * Paperback: 828 pages
    * Publisher: Oxford University Press, USA; 1 edition (April 2, 2010)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 0195372190
    * ISBN-13: 978-0195372199