American Cocksucking Sluts (2011) 
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/830269D1_American_Cock_Sucking_Sluts_dvd.htm

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  May 10, 2011 
Category  HD - Shot In High Def, Oral, Swallowing, Throat Jobs, Cum Swapping 
Director  Mike Adriano 
Starring  Gracie Glam, Mike Adriano, Lexi Belle, Kelly Divine, Francesca Le, Allie Haze, Charley Chase, Dana DeArmond, Priya Rai, Ashli Orion, Kagney Linn Karter, Chanel Preston, Breanne Benson, Dani Jensen, Sarah Shevon, Juelz Ventura, Cassandra Cruz, Brooklyn Lee, Lizz Tayler, Vicki Chase, Ashlynn Leigh 

Mike Adriano orally violates 21 smoking-hot dick lickers in American Cocksucking Sluts. The director's exciting camera work and colorful costuming flavor a festival of fellatio as comely cocksuckers (and ass lickers) gang up in groups of two, three or four. Eight new scenes stretch across a double-DVD cocktail infused by Mike’s kinky view of oral pleasure, spiked with flowing spit and garnished with facial cum. Slutty Brooklyn Lee and Juelz Ventura warm up their throats with giant dildos, then slather Mike's pole with phlegmy saliva that drips into a glass bowl. Amid loud slurping and gagging, nasty Juelz drains the bowl and regurgitates onto Mike's cock. An extremely messy four-girl throat-fuck and rimfest stars slobberers Sea J Raw, Sarah Shevon, Ashli Orion and Kelly Divine. They whip out straws and snort Mike's sperm! Sexy Latinas Cassandra Cruz, Charley Chase and Vicki Chase choke on drool-drenched dick and suck cum into their noses too, with pretty Chanel Preston enjoying a 69-style BJ and a mouthful of ball-snot. The spunky trio of Dani Jensen, Ashlynn Leigh and Lexi Belle swarm over Mike's meat, balls and asshole, then swap his cum mouth-to-mouth. Another foxy threesome shares the director's shaft and testicles, and Breanne Benson and Kagney Linn Karter eagerly lap the semen splattering Allie Haze’s cute face. Brunette hotties Gracie Glam and Lizz Tayler work mouth magic on the director's meat. Don’t miss MILF Francesca Lé teamed with gorgeous Dana DeArmond. Asian superslut Priya Rai services Mike in a bonus scene. This is literally a mess of cocksucking!
