Game Information: 
Year : 2011 Genre : Action (Shooter) / 3D / 3rd Person Developer : Vicious Cycle Publisher : D3Publisher Publication Type: license Language: English Language System Requirements: √ Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7 √ Processor: Intel Pentium Dual Core 2GHz √ Memory: 1 GB (2 GB for Vista / 7) √ Hard drive space: 6 GB √ Sound device: compatible with DirectX 9.0 √ Video: 512 MB ​​of video memory and support Shader Model 3 (AMD Radeon 4350 / NVIDIA GeForce 7900)

Description:
The game Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon aliens are back to enslave Earth, and only an elite unit of Earth Defense Force (EDF) can fight back. The main point of conflict is Detroit, and in order to stop the advance of a swarm of beetles, people are willing to sacrifice the whole city, and to compare it to the ground.

Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon - the sequel ekshena Earth Defense Force 2017. The gameplay has remained virtually such as above. In campaign mode up to three players can withstand the hordes of aliens completely destroys the city, and for more successful hunting extraterrestrial enemies available more than 150 types of weapons, as well as four upgradable armor sets. In addition, there is a mode of survival, which can take up to six players. It will have to confront a group of fighters endless stream of the most ferocious newcomers.

Features:
A grand battle. Provide a fitting rebuff to the hordes of assorted aliens - from huge ants and spiders to robots hundred-meter.
Any funds. Becoming a fighter Earth Defense Force, you will receive at their disposal four types of armor that can be improved, as well as over 150 weapons, including assault and sniper rifles, grenade launchers and mortars.
We must therefore necessary. In the struggle for the survival of humanity can be no compromise! Blast the skyscrapers and destroy entire neighborhoods - Center invasion must be destroyed at any cost.
Shoulder to shoulder. Campaign can go together with one another, united by a local network or the Internet.
Survive and win. In a special mode Survival Mode Six desperate men will restrain the pressure of enemy hordes - each will fiercely attack the previous one.
