HD 720p verison of the film included in the 2 DVD special edition.

VIDEO: 720p
AUDIO: Dolby 5.1
SUBS: ENGLISH, FRENCH, SPANISH, ITALIAN, GERMAN, PORTUGUESE (BRAZIL), PORTUGUESE (EUROPEAN)


SINOPSE

A partir da obra homónima de José Saramago
Nuno é um homem que trabalha numa roulotte de bifanas, mas que inventou uma máquina que promete revolucionar a indústria do calçado - um digitalizador de pés. No meio de um embargo petrolífero e deparando-se com uma estranha dificuldade, Nuno tenta obstinadamente vender a máquina, obcecado por um sucesso que o fará descurar algumas das coisas essenciais da sua vida. Quando Nuno fica estranhamente enclausurado no seu próprio carro e perde uma oportunidade única de finalmente produzir o seu invento, vê subitamente a sua vida embargada… 

M/12
83 min - Portugal/Espanha/Brasil 2010 
 
http://www.pngpictures.com 
http://www.embargo-movie.com


SYNOPSIS

Inspired by the Nobel Prize winner Saramago,
Embargo tells the story of Nuno, a man who works in a sandwich stand, but who is also the man who invented a machine which promises to revolutionize the shoe industry.
In a time of a petrol embargo, Nuno finds himself in a sinister situation. Blinded by the promise of success and his obsession with achieving his goals in life, he tries desperately to sell his machine.
He is mysteriously trapped in his own car and misses the once in a lifetime opportunity to finally present this invention to the world and his life is suddenly embargoed…
Embargo encloses the same kind of dark comedy you can find in the Cohen brother’s films.
The type of subtle yet powerfull humour that will reach out to everyone.
The film is based on a short story with the same title by the winner of the Nobel Prize in literature - José Saramago - the author of Blimunda and Blindness. António Ferreira has created a portuguese film that is warm, comical and so comfortably peculiar.

Director: António Ferreira
Production: PERSONA NON GRATA PICTURES
Co-Production: Vaca Films (Espanha), Diler e Associados (Brasil), Sofá Filmes (Portugal)
Producers: Tathiani Sacilotto and António Ferreira
Associate Producers: Borja Pena, Emma Lustres, Diler Trindade.
Cast: Filipe Costa, Cláudia Carvalho, Pedro Diogo, Fernando Taborda, José Raposo, Eloy Monteiro
Script: Tiago Sousa, adapted from the homonymous short-story by José Saramago
Director of Photography : Paulo Castilho


M/12
83 min - Portugal/Spain/Brazil 2010