Tanya Tucker
Greatest Hits (1978)


Tanya Tucker had her first country hit in 1972, when she was just 13 years old. Over the succeeding decades, Tucker became one of the few child performers to mature into adulthood without losing her audience, and during the course of her career, she notched a remarkable streak of Top Ten and Top 40 hits.

Tucker was born in Seminole, TX, and much of her childhood was spent moving throughout the Southwest as her father pursued construction jobs. At the age of six she began taking saxophone lessons; two years later she decided she wanted to sing, and made an auspicious debut with Mel Tillis, who was so impressed by her talents that he invited her on-stage to perform. In 1969 Tucker and her family moved to Las Vegas, where she regularly performed. Eventually, she recorded a demo tape that gained the attention of songwriter Dolores Fuller, who sent it to producer Billy Sherrill. At the time, Sherrill was the head of A&R at CBS Records, and he was so impressed with the demo tape that he signed the teenaged vocalist to Columbia Records. Sherrill initially planned to have Tucker record "The Happiest Girl in the Whole USA," but she passed on the tune, choosing "Delta Dawn" -- a song she heard Bette Midler sing on The Tonight Show -- instead. Released in the spring of 1972, the song became an instant hit, peaking at number six on the country charts and scraping the bottom of the pop charts.


Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Grabber:		dBpoweramp Release 14
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Country			
Source:			Retail CD
Label:			MCA


Track List:

01.Here's Some Love
02.Ridin' Rainbows
03.Pride Of Franklin County
04.Dancing The Night Away
05.Wait 'Till Daddy Finds Out
06.Let's Keep It That Way
07.San Antonio Stroll
08.Don't Believe My Heart Can Stand Another You
09.Short Cut
10.You've Got Me To Hold On To
11.Lizzie And The Rain Man
12.It's A Cowboy Lovin' Night



Cheers!