Product Description
Design, Implement, and Audit the Most Energy-Efficient, Cost-Effective Solar Power Systems for Any Type of Building!
Solar Power in Building Design is a complete guide to designing, implementing, and auditing energy-efficient, cost-effective solar power systems for residential, commercial, and industrial buildings. From basic theory through project planning, cost estimating, and manufacturing methods, this vital resource offers you everything needed for solar power design success.
Filled with case studies and illustrations, this state-of-the-art design tool covers new solar technologies…design implementation techniques…energy conservation…the economics of solar power systems…passive solar heating power…and more. Solar Power in Building Design features:
Step-by-step instructions for designing, implementing, and auditing solar power systems
Expert guidance on using solar power in any type of building-from basic theory through project planning, cost estimating, and manufacturing
Complete details on Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), plus rebate procedures and forms

Inside This Cutting-Edge Solar Power Toolkit
• Solar power physics and technology • Practical guide to solar power design • Solar power design implementation • Energy conservation • Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) • Sustainable energy rebate • Economics of solar power systems • Passive solar heating power

About the Author
Dr. Peter Gevorkian, PhD (Glendale, CA) is President of Vector Delta Design Group, Inc., an electrical engineering and solar power design consulting organization specializing in industrial, commercial and residential projects. In the past several years, the company extended its expertise in the field of renewable energy sources such as solar power, fuel cells and micro-turbine cogeneration. Since 1971, Dr. Gevorkian has been an active member of the Canadian and California Board of Professional Engineers. He has taught computer science, automation control, and has authored several technical papers, in addition to the books Sustainable Energy Systems in Architectural Design and the upcoming Sustainable Energy Systems Engineering.

Product Details
Hardcover: 476 pages
Publisher: McGraw-Hill Professional; 1 edition (September 14, 2007)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0071485635
ISBN-13: 978-0071485630

[polytechnic.blogspot]