Season 1, Episode 0: Unaired Premiere Episode
Original Air Date—22 July 2006
In New York, Peter Petrelli is the younger brother of Nathan Petrelli, an overly ambitious and unscrupulous candidate for the next New York congressman. Peter begins having strange dreams and begins to believe that he can fly, but Nathan is skeptic to his younger brother's claims. Peter decides to prove his theory and jumps from the roof of a building in an alley and his brother flies and saves him... revealing that Nathan has the ability to fly, not Peter. In Texas, cheerleader Claire Bennet learns that she is literally indestructible and can not harm herself or die. She saves a fireman from a fire on a derailed train, but does not take the credit. In Tokyo, Hiro Nakamura believes he can control time and space continuum and goes on a quest to convince his co-worker, Ando, of his power. In India, Mohinder Suresh moves to Brooklyn, New York, where his father who was researching a secret project, called Genesis, about genome and DNA, is killed in a taxi cab. But a mysterious man wearing horn-rimmed glasses might pose a threat to him. In Lower Manhattan, artist Isaac Mendez paints pictures of the future in which his girlfriend and drug sponsor, Simone, is skeptic to his claims to see in the future. In Las Vegas, stripper Niki Sanders borrows $30,000 from a powerful local mobster to get her young son, Micah, into school, but does not have the money to pay back her loan. She sees a different image of her in the mirror, and when two gangsters come to her house to collect the money, one of them hits her and she faints. Later Niki wakes up, and the two thugs are dead... literally torn apart by her evil alter ego Jessica. In Los Angeles, Matt Parkman is an overly ambitious beat policeman who discovers that he can 'read' peoples thoughts and is forced to help the FBI search for a wanted Saudi national, named Amid, who also discovers that he has the ability to create nuclear radiation in which his former AQ cell wants him to build a nuclear bomb for them. In Utah, Niki's husband and Micah's father, D.L. imprisoned for robbery charges, discovers that he can literally 'walk' through walls.

Season 1, Episode 1: Chapter One 'Genesis'
Original Air Date—25 September 2006
In Manhattan, Peter Petrelli is the younger brother Nathan Petrelli an overly ambitious and unscrupulous candidate for the next New York congressman, and he dreams and believes that he can fly. He decides to prove his theory and jumps from the roof of a building in an alley and his brother flies and saves him. In Texas, cheerleader Claire Bennet learns that she is literally indestructible and can not harm herself or die. She saves a fireman in a fire in a train, but does not take the credit. In Tokyo, Hiro Nakamura believes he can control time and space continuum. In India, Mohinder Suresh moves to the Brooklyn, New York, where his father, that was researching a secret project called Genesis about genome and DNA, is killed in a taxi cab. In Lower Manhattan, the painter Isaac Mendez paints pictures of the future. In Las Vegas, stripper Niki Sanders borrows $30,000 from a powerful local mobster to get her young son into school, and does not have the money to pay her loan. She sees a different image of her in the mirror, and when two gangsters come to her house to collect the money, one of them hits her and she faints. Later Nikki wakes up, and the two thugs are dead... literally torn apart by her evil alter ego.

Season 1, Episode 2: Chapter Two 'Don't Look Back'
Original Air Date—2 October 2006
When Nikki wakes up, she sees the two criminals dead in her garage. She brings her son and finds a brand new Cadillac in her name and the bodies in the trunk, with instructions and a map to bury the corpses in the desert. Peter awakes in the hospital and his mother tells him that his father was depressed and committed suicide. When Peter decides to jump from the terrace of his building, his brother Nathan discloses that both can fly. Hiro is teleported to the Times Square and finds a comic book written by Isaac Mendez telling his saga. He goes to Isaac studio, finds him dead and is arrested by the police. A man pretending to be an exterminator bugs Mohinder's apartment, but he fights with the guy and is helped by his next door neighbor. In Los Angeles, the Police Officer Matt Parkman telepathically hears the voice of a child in a murder scene and is arrested as a suspect. Claire hides her heroic rescue in the fire and her evil stepfather discloses her abilities in her stolen tape.

Season 1, Episode 3: Chapter Three 'One Giant Leap'
Original Air Date—9 October 2006
Hiro gets back to Japan and using Issac's comic book he persuades Ando to help him save the world. They go back to the US. Nathan says officially that his brother is crazy and it upsets Pete, who is struggling to fly again. Claire gets killed and wakes up during the autopsy and Matt sees a mysterious man while helping to investigate the murders from last episode. Meanwhile, Mohinder discovers a strange apartment and Niki drives her son to his grandmother where we learn that Niki's husband is wanted for murder.

Season 1, Episode 3: Chapter Three 'One Giant Leap'
Original Air Date—9 October 2006
Hiro gets back to Japan and using Issac's comic book he persuades Ando to help him save the world. They go back to the US. Nathan says officially that his brother is crazy and it upsets Pete, who is struggling to fly again. Claire gets killed and wakes up during the autopsy and Matt sees a mysterious man while helping to investigate the murders from last episode. Meanwhile, Mohinder discovers a strange apartment and Niki drives her son to his grandmother where we learn that Niki's husband is wanted for murder.

Season 1, Episode 5: Chapter Five 'Hiros'
Original Air Date—23 October 2006
Niki is questioned by police about her fugitive husband's whereabouts; Matt's relationship with his wife, Janice, benefits from his mind-reading abilities; Claire divulges her secret to her father; Hiro has a violent run-in with Las Vegas high rollers; Peter receives a life-changing message; and Mohinder contemplates leaving New York---and his father's research---behind.

Season 1, Episode 6: Chapter Six 'Better Halves'
Original Air Date—30 October 2006
Hiro and his buddy embark on their heroic journey to New York, when they are stopped by a Vegas high-roller who offers them a deal they can't refuse. As H.R.G sets up a meeting for his daughter Claire with her biological parents, she hopes that questions about her newfound indestructibility can be answered. Meanwhile, Isaac receives another confusing call from Hiro, but Peter is there this time to pick up the phone and relay a life-saving message. Suresh bids farewell to Eden as he heads back to India to bury his father. An unexpected visitor shows up at Niki's home.

Season 1, Episode 7: Chapter Seven 'Nothing to Hide'
Original Air Date—6 November 2006
Lyle Bennett learns of his sister Claire's secret after watching her video of her trying to kill herself.Hiro Nakamura helps D.L. Hawkins save a woman from a burning car by freezing time. Isaac Mendez has gone M.I.A. with his painting.

Season 1, Episode 8: Chapter Eight 'Seven Minutes to Midnight'
Original Air Date—13 November 2006
Back in India Mohinder has weird dreams about his parents. Audrey and Matt talk to Ted.

Season 1, Episode 9: Chapter Nine 'Homecoming'
Original Air Date—20 November 2006
As Homecoming approaches in Odessa, Claire's father makes an effort to save Claire's life. Peter, having tried to contact Hiro, flies to Texas in his effort to save the cheerleader. Hiro decided to head back in time in an effort to save the waitress, and Suresh can't get a dream out of his head and feels it has some answers about him and his father.

Season 1, Episode 10: Chapter Ten 'Six Months Ago'
Original Air Date—27 November 2006
Claire Bennett is at home reading when the cheer leading captain walk in with a uniform and informs Claire that another cheerleader dropped out and the spot is hers if she wants it. Hiro Nakamura has traveled back in time to the Texas diner but realize he can't after she tells him she has a terminal disease. Nathan Petrelli and Peter Petrelli are preparing to take down their dad D.L. Hawkins and Niki Sanders are newly weds. Chandra Suresh has come to America to find and contact the people he thinks have taken an evolutionarily step. Sylar is the first but doesn't appear to have extraordinarily powers but then has the power to move things with his mind after he invites and kill another person on Chandra's list and then goes back to Chandra

Season 1, Episode 11: Chapter Eleven 'Fallout'
Original Air Date—4 December 2006
The question on everyone's mind regarding the cheerleader is that, since she's still alive, does the bomb still go off? This is especially true for Hiro, who meets with Isaac to discuss their next course of action. Having confessed her abilities to her father, Claire seeks other answers that her friends and family can not give. Having captured Sylar, Claire's father keeps him in a room of total darkness, totally unaware of Sylar's true strength

Season 1, Episode 12: Chapter Twelve 'Godsend'
Original Air Date—22 January 2007
Nathan stops at nothing when it comes to getting some kind of help for his unconscious brother. Hiro goes on a hunt for the sword he's seen in Isaac's paintings. Nikki tries to convince the police of her need for help in dealing with her split personality.

Season 1, Episode 13: Chapter Thirteen 'The Fix'
Original Air Date—29 January 2007
Peter Petrelli learns the man in his dream is one of them and has the power to stay invisible. Niki Sanders is given a shot to sedate her. Hiro is determined to find the Samurai Sword. Nathan Petrelli goes to Mohinder Suresh to see if he can help Peter control his power. Zach goes to help Claire Bennet hack her father's computer in order to learn about her real mom and dad, but he and Claire are forced to lie about why he is there when Mr. Bennet comes home from work early. When Hiro Nakamura and Ando go to pick up the car, they are taken hostage. A psychiatrist visits Niki in prison to get her to confront her "multiple personality disorder". D.L. tells his son, Micah, that he is having money problems. The Haitian tells Claire that, according to Mr. Bennet, her biological mother died in an explosion. Zach shows Claire the paper about hers and her mom's apparent death. The kidnappers tell Hiro they want Ando and him to go back to Japan and stop their mission immediately. The Invisible Man comes to help Peter hide from Nathan and Mohinder when they come to his apartment. D.L. sneaks into the prison and tries to convince Niki to escape. Micah uses his power to withdraw $10,000 from an ATM. Claire calls someone she thinks to be her dead mother's sister, but is surprised to find out it is her real mom. Mr. Bennet goes to the secret lab to get Sylar's dead body ready for shipping but finds the doctor dead and Sylar standing waiting for him.

Season 1, Episode 14: Chapter Fourteen 'Distractions'
Original Air Date—5 February 2007
Claire finds it increasingly difficult to keep lying to her father, all the while knowing exactly what has happened all around her, while she makes plans to visit her biological mother. Nikki's husband makes a deal for her release. Hiro's father wants him to return to Japan, and he scrambles to find a way to stay his own course, searching for the sword. Peter convinces Claude to help him understand his own powers, including Claude's invisibility.

Season 1, Episode 15: Chapter Fifteen 'Run!'
Original Air Date—12 February 2007
While the scandalous truth about Claire's real father is revealed, her adoptive mother faces a crisis. Matt takes a job as a bodyguard for a crooked attorney, which puts him in the cross hairs of Linderman's new assassin. Hiro and Ando return to Las Vegas to find the sword, but get sidetracked by a damsel in distress. Suresh finds someone on the list and unknowingly puts himself in grave danger. Meanwhile, Simone turns to some unlikely help in her and Nathan's struggle to find Peter.

Season 1, Episode 16: Chapter Sixteen 'Unexpected'
Original Air Date—19 February 2007
Peter painfully learns that someone close may have betrayed him and Claude. Matt's world spirals out of control when radioactive man Ted Sprague and Hana Gitelman, a fierce young woman with "wireless" mental abilities, drop into his life. After blood is spilled, Hiro makes a difficult decision about his mission. Claire is unable to contain her anger at her father.

Season 1, Episode 17: Chapter Seventeen 'Company Man'
Original Air Date—26 February 2007
H.R.G.'s past catches up to him as Matt and Ted Sprague, come to Texas looking for answers, and take him, his wife, son and Claire hostage -- leading to a tragic, explosive showdown.

Season 1, Episode 18: Chapter Eighteen 'Parasite'
Original Air Date—4 March 2007
With the election and NYC's destruction looming, Nathan has a disturbing face-to-face meeting with the shadowy Linderman. Hiro's attempt to steal the sword steers him into a grim new direction. Suresh makes a breakthrough on "the list" -- at great cost. D.L. begins to suspect all is not well at home. Isaac paints his most terrible painting yet. New "hero" Candice Wilmer makes an illusive debut.

Season 1, Episode 19: Chapter Nineteen '.07%'
Original Air Date—23 April 2007
After "helping" Suresh search for more people with special abilities, Sylar's rampage continues with two "heroes" being confronted by the stronger-powered serial killer. Nathan must factor what he's learned from Linderman into difficult decisions that will shape the future -- for him, his family, New York City and the world. As Thompson uses every tool at his disposal to find Claire, Linderman drafts Jessica into his far-reaching plans. Meanwhile, Hiro's resolve to "save the world" strengthens in the face of a grim reality.

Season 1, Episode 20: Chapter Twenty 'Five Years Gone'
Original Air Date—30 April 2007
This episode takes us five years into the future with Hiro and Ando. We meet a brunette Claire Bennet, a "very different" Matt Parkman, and a Niki/Jessica that have combined into one individual.

Season 1, Episode 21: Chapter Twenty-One 'The Hard Part'
Original Air Date—7 May 2007
Hiro and Ando return from the future, and start looking for Mr. Isaac. Bennet, Parkman and Sprague are on their way to New York. Peter tries to convince Claire not to go to Paris, but this gets much harder when she sees Thompson with Nathan

Season 1, Episode 22: Chapter Twenty-Two 'Landslide'
Original Air Date—14 May 2007
Peter feels the need to control his newly absorbed power, as he overhears Sylar's thoughts on the streets of New York. Mohinder finds another hero and agrees to help find a cure for her fatal disease, as Parkman and Bennet close in on the building they are in, looking for a link that could set them free. Nikki/Jessica and DL are convinced that Linderman is behind their son's disappearance, as Linderman convinces their son to do a job for him.

Season 1, Episode 23: Chapter Twenty-Three 'How to Stop an Exploding Man'
Original Air Date—21 May 2007
Can Sylar be stopped? Will Linderman's vision live on with Nathan? What will it take for Peter to save the world, what sacrifices will be made? With all the horrible predictions unfolding before them the heroes face moments of pain and peril in Kirby Plaza.
