FOR UR NOTICE!!

TRY MAGNET LINK,IF FILE ERROR! SHOWN ,TRUST ME THIS 100% CLEAN,NO VIRUS OR CRAPS

///**THIS IS FULLY PATCHED VERSION
               + NO NEED FOR CRACK OR ACTIVATION
                          +    WORKS WITH WINDOWS 7,VISTA.
                                       + WORKING GUARANTEED
                                                  +   BEST BLUESOLEIL ON TPB///**


BlueSoleil 6 is one of the most popular and professional Windows-based Blue-tooth application, emerging from IVT by great innovation and independence, fulfilling all demands of an integrated wireless accessed a wide variety of Blue-tooth enabled digital devices, such as mobile phones, headsets, printers, keyboards and so on. You can also form networks and exchange data with other Blue-tooth enabled computers.

Any users like you would ever have the trouble like being entwined by lots of cables?
You could not let yourself feel free, and you can just do one thing during the busy time.

Now, BlueSoleil 6 will bring you a new wireless Bluetooth life, you could transfer files, photos, music, videos and any other data without any cables. Meanwhile, you are enabled to connect with other people via BlueSoleil 6. It is the most valuable software for you to share joy with friends and families. All of these just take you a short time to learn how to use the program. Besides, the reasonable price is also deserved you to take it home!

What's more, two new features have been added, which are "Phonebook" and "Messages" management. You could view and manage all contacts of your mobile phone from BlueSoleil 6 and a necessary backup of your contacts could be done by BlueSoleil 6 wirelessly. What's more, you could easily type long messages directly from BlueSoleil messages dialogue which is very convenient and fast.

* Contact management
-- Backup/recover Bluetooth phone's contacts to/from computer
-- View Bluetooth phone's contacts on computer
-- Edit/delete/upload contacts

To install:

Turn off Bluetooth, and remove your USB-dongle if present.
Then uninstall BlueSoleil if present.
Unrar,and run setup.exe in x86 folder
enjoy!! and seed!!