Secret of Fast Math revealed ..

(Learn how to calculate faster than the speeding calculator)
Is there an easy way to calculate ? I am sure you must have asked this question at least once in your life . Have you ever wondered why some people are so good at number crunching while others find it difficult to add even single digits correctly or without straining their mind.

Just Relax and Cheer Up !! Today I am about to tell you the Secret of Faster Math. I will teach you some of the Easy Calculation Tricks of faster Math.

With these amazing tricks even a 7 year old can do a long calculation (like the one given below) in few seconds and that too mentally.

If you have ever tried calculating fast you must have experienced the faster you try to calculate, the more likely you are to make a mistake. To save time you try to skip the vital steps in calculation and end up getting a wrong answer. In other words, you try to run faster on a longer and uneven road so as to reach your destination sooner and end up stumbling and bruising your knees.

With EasyCal trick in just few easy steps you are able to do the most complex calculations. Since the steps involved are less in number thus automatically ( i.e. without pushing yourself ) you take lesser time to do them and since the steps are so easy thus the chances of you making a mistake, are next to nil. In other words, EasyCal trick gives you a shorter and smoother road to reach the correct answer.

Imagine how easy, interesting and fun math would be when you will be able to do any calculation in a matter of seconds and solve the questions in no time. Not only your friends, classmates and teachers will be awe impressed with you but you yourself be proud of your own Mathematical ability.

Never again you will find yourself saying things like I am weak in Math or I hate Math , Math is so boring & difficult
You will no longer be afraid of Math rather you will look forward to showing off your newly acquired Math skills.


Given below are some of the amazing tricks you will learn in the EasyCal Series of Faster Math Videos

1. Mental Addition Trick You dont even need to see the numbers. You can add the numbers mentally just by hearing them once.

2. Mental Subtraction Trick Again without seeing the numbers , that is 100% mental subtraction

3. Mental Multiplication using this trick you would be able to multiply lets say a 3 digit number with another 3 digit number mentally .

4. One Step Division In a single line you would be able to divide really big numbers (upto 8 digits) . If you find math long division difficult then you will simply love this trick. It is the shortest way to do long division.
5. Decimal Division : With the same ease divide numbers that are not perfectly divisible by the divisors. Calculate quotient (answer) upto 4 decimal places .
6. Mentally finding Squares ( exponent 2 ) for any number from 1 120 ( you would be able to say the answer instantly )

7. Finding Cubes ( exponent 3 ) of numbers from 1 100 the easy and speedy way.

8. Finding Cube Roots of upto 6 digit numbers mentally you will never believe how easy it is to find cube roots till you actually see this trick called Conjugate Cube-Rooting technique.
9. Mentally calculating Percentages (%) for example you would be able to calculate on the spot how much money you will save if a store gives you a discount of lets say 22% on 1405 dollar purchase .
10. Mentally converting fractions into percents for example if you got 148.5 marks out of total 165 marks , you will be able to calculate what percentage you got in few seconds mentally.

And many more such tricks to take care of your everyday Math needs. (Total 30 trick videos)