Description
The new mail for Mac - Gmail only in 1.0, General IMAP coming soon.

*************
Discover a new way to handle mails on your Mac.
Sparrow is a minimalist mail application designed to keep things simple and efficient. 
No fancy stuff here... just your mail and nothing else.

Sparrow 1.0 is compatible with Google mail only (classic accounts and Google apps account). 
Sparrow 1.1 will integrate IMAP support for most mail providers (Yahoo, AOL, MobileMe)

Features:

Threads:
Quickly flick through threaded conversations on your mac like never before.

Labels:
Create and edit Labels straight from within Sparrow. easily keep a clean and tidy inbox.

Quick reply:
Responding to your mails as never been so simple. Click, write and send in the same window. 

Multiple accounts:
Plug as many accounts as you want in Sparrow and seamlessly switch from one to the other.

Quicklook:
Simply tap space to preview all your attachments 

Inline attachments:
Drag & drop images and documents straight into your mail

Notifications:
Stay up to date with your mail stream on selected accounts.

Menu Bar:
Always keep an eye on your inbox.

Alias: 
Sending mails from different addresses has never been that easy.

Instructions

1. Copy .app to the Applications Folder
2. Run
3. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks aka darealthing
(removin darealthing out, for now m just AJhacks)

An important Notice to our Fans and downloaders

We AJhacks aka darealthing & Reagan07 are planning on teaming up only for you guys so that we could provide as many Apps as possible


Is this a good idea???

WE DON'T HAVE A NAME FOR THIS TEAM, WE WANT YOU GUYS TO DECIDE THE NAME FOR OUR TEAM

We are organizing a $20/- App giveaway

All you have to do is give a NAME for our team
The chosen Winner will get a $20/- App on his request …

The entries ends on 12th of FEBRUARY 2011.


Please provide the names in any of our torrent comments

Example: 
"Name of the team - and your desired name"

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Do not PM (Private Message) us.

Note: 'AJhacks' and 'darealthing' is the same person………….