The story centers on the kidnapping of Detective Tapp by his alleged suspect, The Jigsaw Killer. During the first Saw film, Tapp witnessed his longtime friend and partner, Detective Steven Sing, fall victim to one of Jigsaw's traps. This left Tapp mentally unstable and he was soon discharged from the police force. Later, Tapp was shot in the chest by Zep Hindle after chasing him in pursuit of Jigsaw.[12] This caused Jigsaw to have him healed and conceal a key in his chest. Tapp was then placed in an abandoned asylum. Upon waking in a bathroom with the Reverse Bear Trap on him, Tapp quickly pulls it off and ventures into the rest of the asylum where he is led to a medical wing by another victim of Jigsaw, only to be betrayed by the man. Upon this betrayal, Tapp learns that he is being hunted by other victims in the asylum who need the key inside Tapp's chest to escape their own games. From there, Tapp proceeds to the medical wing of the building, where Jigsaw informs him that there is a woman trapped in the area who needs Tapp's help to survive. He quickly deciphers that it is Amanda Young, whom Tapp interviewed after she survived her first test. Upon saving Amanda, she follows Tapp until a mysterious figure called Pighead captures her to pose her escape and keep her covered as Jigsaw's secret apprentice.
Unable to save her, Tapp is forced to move further into the asylum, where he is captured by Pighead and is placed in the Shotgun Collar, which is later used in Saw III. Still in the trap, Tapp travels to find a second victim is being held by Jigsaw. The victim, Jennings Foster, blames Tapp for being in his trap and thus harbors hatred for him. Tapp finds Jennings in a Pendulum Trap similar to the one used in Saw V.[13] Tapp releases Jennings and he quickly runs away believing that Tapp would get him killed if he stayed with him. Upon releasing Jennings, Tapp moves on to find the next victim left behind by Jigsaw. He traverses the asylum and is led to the grave of Detective Steven Sing, his former partner who was killed by a Jigsaw trap when he and Tapp were in Jigsaw's lair. It is there that Tapp discovers that Jigsaw has captured Melissa Sing, Detective Sing's Widow, who has become a neglectful parent and is convinced that it is Tapp's fault that her husband was killed. Melissa is found in an Iron Maiden-esque Trap with spinning blades that will mangle her body should the device close on her. Jigsaw informs her that Tapp did not call for backup when searching Jigsaw's lair and that every one of the traps there could have been easily avoided by using standard police procedure, making Tapp responsible for his partner's death. Despite this, Tapp saves Melissa upon which she says Jigsaw gave her the option to leave Tapp, so she quickly runs away. Tapp, beginning to learn that these people all have a dark connection to him, proceeds to the offices of the building and finds Oswald McGullicuty in the next Jigsaw trap. Jigsaw felt that Oswald was perverting his message and so he was placed into a Folding Table Trap which would snap his body in half if Tapp failed to save him. Tapp saves Oswald, but he is swiftly killed by a compacting metal slab before either have a chance to react.
Jigsaw then leads Tapp to the asylum's crematorium, where he informs Tapp that some people actually desire his tests, much to Tapp's surprise. This person is shown to be Obi Tate, an arsonist who had put advertisements in the newspaper seeking for Jigsaw to test him. Tapp saves him from a burning furnace but Obi is still frustrated because he wanted his own test that he could survive. Feeling that Tapp is throwing away a gift from Jigsaw, Obi runs away. Tapp then ventures through a theater to seek his last trapped victim, where Tapp finds evidence of a former Jigsaw victim being held there. He soon finds that it is Jeff Thomas, the man who was saved by Sing while he and Tapp were in Jigsaw's lair. Jeff has since become suicidal from Tapp's incessant questioning, causing him to be recaptured by Jigsaw. Upon being saved from a wall of spikes by Tapp, he is still frustrated and confused, so he runs away wounded from his trap. Upon saving the last victim left in the asylum, Tapp is left free to pursue Jigsaw, but encounters Pighead again in the process. Jigsaw informs Tapp that Pighead wishes to surpass Jigsaw and sabotage Tapp's game, so he must be stopped in order to proceed. Tapp then confronts and kills Pighead, which Jigsaw labels him a murderer for, in order to get a key to proceed.



extract it anywhere, go to binaries click on SawGame and play. Enjoy.............