WWW>DRAGONSEER>COM PRESENTS

***************************

Zeitgeist: The Sagalla Cut Feature Length Film

----------------------------------------------


High Quality MP4 for home theatre PCs and Playstation 3, etc - h.264 Apple Protools output.



A composite of two separate documentary films created and distributed by Peter Joseph, Zeitgeist: Final Edition and Zeitgeist Addendum.  From over four hours of original footage, we have produced our own hour and a half feature length version that we hope will find an all new audience and continue to spread it’s important message more effectively.  We have not collaborated with the original authors of these works in any way, rather we have released this entirely of our own volition and we are distributing it in much the same spirit, this work is released freely, may be openly distributed and in fact we encourage people to do so. 


We would like to invite people to view all versions of Zeitgeist and draw their own conclusions, however it is important to establish fundamental distinctions between our re-edited cut and the original films in order to make our motivation in creating this project as clear as possible.


The original Zeitgeist begins with a lengthy segment that examines theories of astro-theology and comparative mythology in order to draw some very questionable conclusions, in this case, that the life of Jesus Christ was a complete fabrication and further that all religion is fundamentally corrupt.  The research that backs up this assertion is poor, has a multitude of errors, and this segment as a whole is indulgent and somewhat embarrassing to anyone with a sound knowledge of comparative religions and history.  This is an interesting field to be sure, and we would encourage people to look at our article on the Ten Keys to understanding Judaism if they would like to find out more.  Needless to say, the Zeitgeist film is improved immensely by this section being excised completely, and with it’s fervently anti-religious agenda removed the more important and immediate message can emerge more clearly.


Another section of the original Zeitgeist film that was completely removed was a lengthy segment on the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade centre.  Our belief is that disseminating an array of so-called ‘facts’ in video form about 9/11 is not particularly helpful and that the truth is better uncovered by the private investigations of discerning individuals.  We hope that our brief segment in Conspiracy Remix - The Decade of Deception inspires people to to question the official version of these events and begin their own truth-seeking enquiries with enthusiasm.  If people are looking for an alternative and more revealing account of these events, they are better served by reading a book title such as Crossing the Rubicon by Michael Ruppert, or viewing independent documentary films such as Loose Change - Final Cut.


With these sections removed, and with further minute refinements made, Zeitgeist: The Sagalla Cut is able to best express the strengths of the original work while inheriting none of it’s faults.  What remains is a work that effectively narrates the history of how private financial interests have utterly corrupted Western political processes, and established a covert form of leadership that more closely resembles fascism as opposed to democracy.  In the modern day and on a global scale, John Perkins, an insider and former ‘Economic Hit-man’, gives us a very clear picture of this ‘Invisible Empire’, a consortium of private interests that forms what he terms a ‘Corporatocracy’. Finally, the nature of our monetary system is examined closely, and it is revealed how this system is always going to lead society down a dark path by it’s very nature.  Through the pioneers at the Venus project, we are given a valuable glimpse at how things can work differently - and how a world without money is not only possible, it is one full of positive potential and essential for our common future. 


This brings us to Our Mission, please visit http://www.dragonseer.com to find out more.