                         PART 12



                 FLEETWOOD MAC - Man of the world   (1969)
                 LED ZEPPELIN - Stairway To Heaven (1971)
                 DEEP PURPLE - When a blind man cries  (1972)


                   
                 PETER GREEN - Man of the world (2003)


         Although Fleetwood Mac was initially conceived as a hard-edged British blues combo in 1966, over the course of the next decade, the band gradually evolved into a polished pop/rock act. Originally, guitarists Peter Green and Jeremy Spencer gave the band its neo-psychedelic blues-rock sound; later pianist Christine McVie wrote many of the songs that moved the group toward its pop/rock sound.Fleetwood Mac released English Rose and Then Play On during 1969, which both indicated that the band was expanding its music, moving away from its blues purist roots. That year, Green's "Man of the World" and "Oh Well" were number two hits.  

        "Stairway to Heaven" is a song by the English rock group Led Zeppelin, composed by guitarist Jimmy Page and vocalist Robert Plant, and recorded on their fourth studio album,  (Led Zeppelin IV). The recording of "Stairway to Heaven" started in December 1970. The song was completed by the addition of lyrics by Robert Plant during the sessions for Led Zeppelin IV at Headley Grange, Hampshire, in 1971."Stairway to Heaven" is one of the biggest-selling sheet music publications in rock history. Since 1971, it has sold more than 1.2 million copies.It also continues to top radio lists of the greatest rock songs, as well as topping a recent Guitar World poll. Some radio stations that have listed the song as #1 include WNOR (Norfolk), WEBN (Cincinnati), WLVQ (Columbus), WGRX (Baltimore), WFXF (Indianapolis), KZOK (Seattle), KLSK (Albuquerque), Triple M (Adelaide, Australia) WMYG (Pittsburgh), WMGK (Philadelphia), KLSX (Los Angeles), Virgin Radio (London), KRTH (Los Angeles), KGON (Portland), KSAN (San Francisco Bay Area), KGB (San Diego), CHOM (Montreal), WNCX (Cleveland), Q107 (CILQ Toronto), CFMI-FM (Vancouver) , WZLX (Boston) and WAXQ (New York City).In 2003, Rolling Stone magazine put it at #31 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

       Deep Purple is the name of a British rock group, and is also the name of a song composed by Peter De Rose, from which the band borrowed its name. They are considered to be heavy metal/hard rock pioneers together with Led Zeppelin.
The song When a blind man cries was written by Blackmore, Gillan, Glover, Lord, and Paice, and recorded during the Machine Head sessions in December 1971 and hidden on the b-side of the Never Before single. The original track, released in March 1972, featured Ritchie Blackmore (guitar), Ian Gillan (vocals), Roger Glover (bass), Jon Lord (keyboards), and Ian Paice (drums). This song is one of the more powerful ballads that Deep Purple have written and recorded. 