Steve Pavlina-Personal Development for Smart People: The Conscious Pursuit of Personal Growth 

Product Description

Despite promises of “fast and easy” results from slick marketers, real personal growth is neither fast nor easy. The truth is that hard work, courage, and self-discipline are required to achieve meaningful results—results that are not attained by those who cling to the fantasy of achievement without effort.

      Personal Development for Smart People reveals the unvarnished truth about what it takes to consciously grow as a human being. As you read, you’ll learn the seven universal principles behind all successful growth efforts (truth, love, power, oneness, authority, courage, and intelligence); as well as practical, insightful methods for improving your health, relationships, career, finances, and more.

You’ll see how to become the conscious creator of your life instead of feeling hopelessly adrift, enjoy a fulfilling career that honors your unique self-expression, attract empowering relationships with loving, compatible partners, wake up early feeling motivated, energized, and enthusiastic, achieve inspiring goals with disciplined daily habits and much more!

      With its refreshingly honest yet highly motivating style, this fascinating book will help you courageously explore, creatively express, and consciously embrace your extraordinary human journey.
About the Author

     Steve Pavlina is widely recognized as the most successful personal-development blogger on the Internet, attracting more than two million monthly readers who value his unique insights. Instead of posing as a self-help guru with all the answers, Steve encourages people to fearlessly conduct their own personal growth experiments in order to learn through direct experience. He has written more than 700 free articles, often challenging his readers to question what they’ve been taught and to consider alternative perspectives. Blue-eyed, colorblind, and left-handed, Steve is the voice of recessive genes that seek creative expression instead of social conformity.

This is Steve’s first book.