
Technical Data 

CyberLink Power2Go Deluxe v7.0.1827 Multilingual 

Incl Spanish | 258 MB | WinXP / Vista / Seven 

Description 

Ameno, simple and complete CD and DVD 



CyberLink Power2Go is a very simple and complete CD / DVD also includes extra tools such as an audio file converter, 

His appearance and functionality are very reminiscent of other programs like Nero Burning Rom, but Power2Go is less complex due to its fewer options. 

Its main feature is the ease of use, that even translates into a fast interface ("Express") totally independent of the main program interface. 

The features are to be more or less the usual: recording and imaging, backup CD / DVD CD / DVD, copy data only, just copy music, copy videos and images, etc.. 

As additional tools include the ability to extract audio and pass it to MP3, WMA or WAV files, convert audio files between different formats and change their quality. 



Main Functions 



Ripping: Transfer music from CD or DVD to hard drive 

Erase: Eliminates unwanted content on the disc 

Burning: Create bootable discs from multiple files 

Copy: Plays discs in full 

Authoring: Produces elegant multimedia discs 

File: Save disk image 



Features 

Any media, any file 

CD, DVD + / - Blu-ray ... Power2Go 7 supports all disc formats *. Simply insert the disc, select the files and Power2Go does the rest. In addition, Disc Copy lets you duplicate discs with ease. 



Secure discs with passwords 

Losing a disc is a nightmare, especially if it contains confidential data. Encrypt your discs with encryption of industrial quality Power2Go 7, 256 bits, and your data is safe from unauthorized access. 



Recording with drag and drop 

Desktop Gadget allows you to save files directly from your desktop. For more control, just open Power2Go 7 and drag the files as in Windows Explorer. 



Create an interactive photo gallery 

The new photo gallery creator Power2Go 7 allows you to display your photos as interactive presentation with your original HD picture quality. Compatible with text and Internet links, is perfect for company profiles and product catalogs. 



Create video discs with menus 

Give the video disc a new look with a stylish DVD menu. Customizable with your own videos, pictures and text, create the menu that best suits your needs. Additionally, download unlimited menu templates and free from DirectorZone.com 



Extract, edit and record audio 

Want to copy a song from your favorite CDs or remove a soundtrack from your video? Let Power2Go 7 extract audio files automatically. Includes WaveEditor, so you can crop or enhance the tunes before distributing