There was only one version of Get Yer Ya Ya's Out! This is it. It was released simultaneously in the UK and US on Sep 4, 1970. Although the album was supposed to have been recorded at Madison Square Garden during the 1969 tour, most of the tracks were overdubed later and there are questions about what songs were recorded which nights and where. Karnbach and Bernson are fairly sure that Love in Vain was recorded on Nov 26th at the Baltimore Civic Center with the other tracks recorded during one show Nov 27 and two shows Nov 28 at Madison Square Garden and during the Nov 29 show at the Boston Garden.
This is the remastered super audio CDs (SACD) of the Stones ABCKO catalog (which includes all the early Decca/London material. ABCKO acquired the Stones' catalog after Allen Klein became their manager in 1965. The resulting legal battles produced releases that the Stones opposed (they took out full page adds asking fans not to buy them), including the controversial Metamorphosis releases (which are now available on CD for the 1st time ever). But the sad fact is that the Stones lost control of their great early material. With these remastered SACD releases, we at last have some idea of what they really sounded like in the studio. I guess if we had these 40 years ago they would have ended up Greatest Rock And Roll Band in the Universe instead of Greatest Rock And Roll Band in the World.

Many serious Stones fans consider this the best of the live albums they have done over the years. It was the 2nd live album but it caught them at their peak as a driving band with their own megahits first peaking....Honky Tonk Woman, Jumpin' Jack Flash, & Street Fighting Man are all delivered hot and fresh with blazing licks by Keith on everything......Sympathy For The Devil has a great delivery by Mick, but my favorites on this one remain Carol, Little Queenie, and Midnight Rambler. The incredible drive of the rhythm section on Carol and the opening chords of Midnight Rambler are historic....are part of the basic fabric of rock......no matter how you look at it, this is one album you must have if you want a live Stones piece in your collection.

The album has several notable facts connected with it:
.....Albert and David Maysles filmed the Madison Square Garden shows and they form part of the movie Gimme Shelter that focuses mostly on the infamous Altamont concert that occurred a few days later on Dec 6th
.....Tina Turner opened the MSG shows and did a duet with Janis Joplin while Jimi Hendrix watched...
.....2 days after the Boston Garden show the Stones recorded both Brown Sugar and Wild Horses in Muscle Shoals, just before they flew to SF for the Altamont concert

This information comes from "It's Only Rock And Roll: The Ultimate Guide To The Rolling Stones" by Karnbach and Bernson and from my own collection.

by Richard R. Carlton

TRACKLIST:

01 - Jumpin' Jack Flash.wma                                           
02 - Carol.wma                                                        
03 - Stray Cat Blues.wma                                              
04 - Love In Vain.wma                                                 
05 - Midnight Rambler.wma                                             
06 - Sympathy For The Devil.wma                                       
07 - Live With Me.wma                                                 
08 - Little Queenie.wma                                               
09 - Honky Tonk Women.wma                                             
10 - Street Fighting Man.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	