Emily Giffin Books (5) Mobi

Something Borrowed (2004)
 
Main article: Something Borrowed (novel)
 
Rachel White and Darcy Rhone have been best friends since childhood. Rachel is used to being the good girl, the hard worker who exists in the shadow of flashy—often selfish—Darcy. However, on her 30th birthday, Rachel drinks too much and sleeps with Darcy's fiance, Dexter. The fling turns into an affair, and Rachel is forced to decide which is more important, friendship or true love.
 
[edit] Something Blue (2006)
 
The sequel to Something Borrowed, Something Blue tells the story of Darcy Rhone, who thought she had it all figured out: the more beautiful the girl, the more charmed her life. Never mind substance. Never mind playing by the rules. Never mind karma. But Darcy's neat, perfect world turns upside down when her best friend, Rachel White, the "good girl," steals her fiancé, while Darcy finds herself alone and pregnant. Trying to recover, she flees to her childhood friend (Ethan) living in London and resorts to her tried-and-true methods for getting what she wants. But as she attempts to recreate her glamorous life on a new continent, Darcy finds that her old ways no longer apply.
 
[edit] Baby Proof (2007)
 
Claudia Parr and her perfect husband Ben agreed from the beginning of their marriage that children are not for them. When Ben changes his mind, Claudia is forced to reevaluate her reasons for not wanting children. At the same time, she wonders, is there ever a deal-breaker for true love?
 
[edit] Love the One You're With (2009)
 
Ellen and Andy’s relationship has been perfect for the first year. There is no question how deep their devotion is, and how naturally they bring out the best in each other. But one fateful afternoon, Ellen runs into her former beau Leo for the first time in eight years. Although Leo brought out the worst in her and left her heartbroken with no explanation, he is also the love she could never quite forget. When his reappearance ignites long-dormant emotions, Ellen begins to question whether the life she is living is the one she is meant to live.
 
[edit] Heart of the Matter (2010)
 
Tessa Russo is the mother of two young children and the wife of a renowned pediatric surgeon. Despite her own mother’s warnings, Tessa has recently given up her career to focus on her family and the pursuit of domestic happiness. Valerie Anderson is an attorney and single mother to six-year-old Charlie, a boy who has never known his father. After too many disappointments, Valerie has given up on romance—and even to some degree, friendships—believing that it is always safer not to expect too much. Although both Tessa and Valerie live in the same Boston suburb, the two have relatively little in common aside from parenthood. However, a tragic accident causes their lives to converge.
 
[edit] Personal life
 
Giffin married in 2002. In 2003, she and her husband left England for Atlanta, Georgia. A few months later, on New Year's Eve, she gave birth to identical twin boys, Edward and George. A daughter, Harriet, was born May 24, 2007.


Enjoy!