Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Lap of Luxury is the tenth studio album by Cheap Trick.

Although considered a comeback album for Cheap Trick, it was actually another record created in the midst of much turmoil with their label at the time, Epic Records. Before its recording, original bassist Tom Petersson rejoined the group and Epic had determined that it was going to help with some of the songwriting, and the band acquiesced only to save their contract. Ironically, "factory ballad" The Flame became a #1 hit single, and the album went platinum. However, the band still points to this album as the one that restricted their range and boxed them into a sound that would eventually stall their recording career for most of the 1990s.

Cheap Trick is an American rock band from Rockford, Illinois, formed in 1974. The band consists of members Robin Zander (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Rick Nielsen (lead guitar, backing vocals), Tom Petersson (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Bun E. Carlos (drums, percussion).

Cheap Trick created a substantial fan base through its own brand of power pop music with a hard-edged yet melodic pop sound that combined the catchiness of The Beatles with the speed and energy of punk rock. The Los Angeles Times has remarked that "Cheap Trick gained fame by twisting the Beatlesque into something shinier, harder, more American." Their biggest hits include "Surrender", "I Want You to Want Me", "Dream Police", and "The Flame". Cheap Trick also performed a cover version of Big Star's "In the Street" as the theme song for That '70s Show from the second season onward and the theme song "Baby Muggles" for The Colbert Report.

As of 2009[update], Cheap Trick continues to tour with their most well known lineup. They have often been referred to in the Japanese press as the "American Beatles". The Illinois State Senate has declared April 1 to be "Cheap Trick Day" in the state. The band was also ranked #25 in VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.

In 1961, Nielsen began playing locally in Rockford, Illinois utilizing an ever-increasing collection of rare and valuable guitars. He formed several local bands with names like The Boyz and The Grim Reapers. Carlos played in a rival Rockford band, the Pagans. Finally, Nielsen formed Fuse in 1967 with Petersson, who had played in yet another local band called The Bo Weevils.

Fuse released a self-titled album for Epic Records in 1968, which was generally ignored. Frustrated by their lack of success, Fuse recruited the two remaining members of Nazz in 1970 and ended up playing around the Midwest for 6–7 months under two monikers, Fuse or Nazz, depending on where they were gigging. With Bun E. Carlos joining on drums, Fuse moved to Philadelphia in 1971. They began calling themselves "Sick Man of Europe" in '72-'73. After a European tour in 1973, Nielsen and Petersson returned to Rockford and reunited with Carlos.

Randy "Xeno" Hogan was the original lead singer for Cheap Trick. He left the band shortly after its formation and was replaced by Robin Zander.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/