Albanie. Polyphonies vocales et instrumentales
Albania. Vocal and instrumental polyphony

--------------------------------------------------
Genre: Folklore
Year: 1988
Label: Le Chant du Monde
Series: Collection du Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique et du Musee de L'homme (Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle)
Catalogue number: LDX 274897
Codec: MP3
Bitrate: 192 kbps
Duration:  00:47:12

Tracklist:
01. Albanian men's group from Vlore - What have Ianina's eyes seen? (3:45)
02. Albanian men's group from Vlore - Legend of the walled-in woman (5:54)
03. Men's choir from Tepelene - At the Peshkepi pass (5:35)
04. Men's choir from Tosk - Song for Odrican (3:13)
05. Men's choir from Tosk - For freedom and the flag (1:36)
06. Men's choir from Tosk - By the riverside (2:02)
07. Choir from Gjirokaster - May you live as long as this earth (4:28)
08. Women's choir from Permet - Konofat's song (2:55)
09. Women's choir from Permet - Song of emigration (5:30)
10. Gypsy musicians from Tosk - Kaba (3:22)
11. Gypsy musicians from Tosk - Kaba (4:35)
12. Women's choir from Permet - Carter leading the caravan (4:17)

--------------------------------------------------
Until very recent times the folk music of Albania has remained, even to the specialists, more obscure than the songs of the Eskimos or the highlanders of New Guinea" (Lloyd 1968). So wrote British folklorist A. L. Lloyd in 1968. Twenty years later, scholars outside Albania know little more about that country's music as there continues to be a scarcity of both recordings and writings in languages other than Albanian. The release on the Chant du Monde label of a compilation devoted entirely to music from southern Albania should therefore attract considerable interest among ethnomusicologists. This is the first scholarly release of vocal music from Albania to be issued since Lloyd's recording on Topic (1966). It includes ten examples of polyphonic singing, as well as two instrumental improvisations, all recorded with excellent clarity and balance by Bernard Lortat-Jacob and colleagues from the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique and the Ministere des Relations Extkrieures of France. All performers had participated in 1983 in the National Folkloric Festival in the city of Gjirokaster and so may be assumed to be among the most highly regarded singers and instrumentalists within their districts. Their highly polished, often spectacular renditions represent something close to an ideal for the styles of their respective areas. Albanians distinguish two major subdivisions among themselves: Ghegs in the north of the country, Tosks in the south. While most Gheg music is monophonic, the singing and instrumental music of Tosk communities is in a variety of polyphonic styles. This release focuses specifically on Tosk polyphony, presenting songs in two out of three of the major regional styles. One of these, known as the 'Lab' style [Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 7], is found in the districts of Vlore, Tepelene, Gjirokaster, and Sarande, and it generally features two to three soloists plus a syllabic drone sung by a group. Songs are homophonic in texture and closely resemble those of Greeks from the Pogoni district of Epirus. In contrast, the 'Tosk' style [Nos. 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, and 12] features two soloists whose lines overlap and interweave above a choral drone sung to a vowel sound. This style is found in the region extending north of the Lab region to the river Shkumbin, as well as among Tosks.

Yugoslavia, and is shared with some Slavic and Romn communities in the same region.The two instrumental selections [Nos. 10 and 11] are also from the Tosk region. They are both of the genre kaba, a type of nonmetric improvisation paralleling the Epirut Greek miroloi that is performed most often by Gypsy musicians. Lamentably the three women's songs are all from the same area within the Tosk region, and they are in much the same style. The disc therefore provides a much better introduction to the range of men's singing styles in southern Albania than of women's.

Ethnomusicology: Journal of the Society for Ethnomusicology no. 34 ed. 3 pg. 488
