Imagineer Systems Mocha Pro v2.5.2 x86

mocha is a stand alone 2D tracking tool packed with features that make the life of the effects compositing artist easier and less stressful. Now compositors can avoid the guess work and inaccuracies that result from painstaking and time consuming difficult hand tracking shots. The process of generating solid 4-point tracks, giving position, scale, rotation, shear and perspective matched tracks is sped up thanks to mocha's next generation tracking layers and interface. mocha is designed to export tracking data to the industry’s most well known compositing and finishing packages such as Inferno, Flame, Flint, Smoke, Combustion, Avid DS, Quantel generationQ, After Effects, Shake, Digital Fusion and Nuke.

The Planar Tracker
Throw your old fashioned point trackers away- step up to Imagineer’s advanced Planar tracker. Watch in amazement as your splines magically rotate, scale, and shear in lock step with your shot.

AdjustTrack
mocha’s AdjustTrack module takes track adjustment to another level by offering an innovative approach to the removal of drift. Coupled with mocha's ability to work with problematic footage, AdjustTrack is a tool that can save you a lot of tracking headaches!

Export Tracking Data
mocha will allow you to export 2D tracking data to the industry’s most well known packages Inferno, Flame, Flint, Smoke, Combustion, Avid DS, Quantel generationQ, After Effects, Apple Shake, Digital Fusion and Nuke.

Composite Preview
mocha allows you to import a single frame or clip and place it within a defined domain to preview your insert.

Bezier and X-Spline tools
mocha offers several ways of shaping your splines. In addition to Bezier and X Splines, mocha offers Shake-style tangent control if you prefer.

Track or Spline based Motion Blur
mocha can generate motion blur in two ways. If you are tracking a moving object, mocha can create motion blur based on that motion vector. If that doesn’t do the trick, mocha can also generate motion blur based on your spline deformations.

Effortless Spline Transformations
mocha provides an intuitive way to move, rotate and scale your splines around, should they need some manual tweaking. Live anchor points mean you rotate and scale from wherever you click. Elegant overlays give you easy to read delta feedback.

Infinite Edge Control
Pull out feathers point by point. Move feather edges and control points together or separately. Join points from separate splines together. Serious point control in mocha.

Roto Preview
mocha allows you to import a single frame or clip as a background to preview behind your roto'ed foreground object.

Fewer Keyframes
Powered by the Planar Tracker, your splines will no longer need so many keyframes. Ben Grossman of The Syndicate reported a traditionally rotoscoped 88 keyframe shot needing only 4 in mocha. Less keyframes= tighter tracks, less work.

Export Shapes and Mattes
mocha will slip right in to your pipeline- offering renders in nearly every industry standard File format (Cineon, DPX, TIFF, Targa, QuickTime etc.) and shape export for Flame/Flint/Inferno, Shake and Combustion.

Stable and Rapidly Evolving
mocha is built upon the same framework as monet and mokey - applications with a mature toolset that can be depended upon for stability and frequent upgrades.


Home Page - www.imagineersystems.com


