Scoreland - Kristi Maxx (Maxx Boobage With Kristi Maxx).wmv

Description:
SCORELAND Newcomer Kristi Maxx says that when she wants to fuck, she wants it now. Accommodating Kristi with a big dick was our
first priority for "Maxx Boobage With Kristi Maxx." "I like a guy who actually pays attention to my noises and body movements," says Kristi whose rack
could inspire a flash mob. SCORE stunt-cock Mr. Largo dives into Kristi's mountainous mounds to suck and lick her 38DDD specials while Kristi joins in
the breast worship, kneading and squeezing her natural sweater-melons, removing her top and dropping her bra to expose her eye-popping jugs.
Kristi gets on her knees in bed and lowers her head to engulf Largo's fuck-stick with her mouth and jack the shaft. Showing impressive blow job skills,
Kristi's pierced, wet tongue rides the shaft as her large, soft boobs dangle and hang. Squeezing them together, Kristi inserts his bone between them
like a titty bookmark and slides her cleavage-pussy up and down for a cock massager. Kristi has such big tits that his man-meat disappears into her
deep cleavage, making us consider whether a search party should be assembled, not that Mr. Largo has any interest in being rescued from this sexy
Amazon. For her next vanishing act, Kristi mounts up for a dirty cowgirl ride, facing the camera, the first of many fuck positions to come. She keeps her
hands off her tits as they fly up and down wildly, rythmically in unison while Kristi bounces up and down to drive his cock deeper into her honey pot.
And that's just for starters. When it comes to a big-tit fuck session, tradition generally calls for a breast bath of cum. However, in a SCORELAND Poll,
27%, the highest percentage by a narrow margin, favored unloading into a girl's mouth and having her swallow. The people have spoken and busty
Kristi gets all the cum she wants. You rock, Kristi Maxx!

Tags:
Big Tits, Blowjob, Cumshot, Ebony

Screens:
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/9891_1.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/9890_2.jpg.html