Soundtrack for Marie Antoinette in FLAC format

Marie Antoinette is the soundtrack to the 2006 Sofia Coppola film of the same name. The soundtrack is composed heavily of atmospheric guitar-based rock music and electronic music, a trend established in previous Coppola films such as Lost in Translation and The Virgin Suicides which were also produced by music director Brian Reitzell.

1980s New Wave and post-punk artists such as New Order, The Cure, and Bow Wow Wow represent the music that accounts for the bulk of the soundtrack. Coppola's choice of modern music for use in the film's soundtrack is unusual, as the film itself is set in 18th century France. The soundtrack also contains several period baroque pieces, including works by Antonio Vivaldi, Jean-Philippe Rameau and Domenico Scarlatti.

The two-disc soundtrack album was released by Verve Forecast and Polydor Records on October 10, 2006.

The album has been quite successful. It debuted at number 154 on the US Billboard 200. In its second week it jumped to number 97 and was named that week's "pace setter".

It was nominated for "Best Soundtrack" at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards. [1]

The version of "Ceremony" by New Order that appears on the album is the 12" version that appeared in the film, while the trailer featured the original 7" version.

CD 1

"Hong Kong Garden (With Strings Intro)" – Siouxsie and the Banshees

"Aphrodisiac" – Bow Wow Wow

"What Ever Happened?" – The Strokes

"Pulling Our Weight" – The Radio Dept.

"Ceremony" – New Order

"Natural's Not in It" – Gang of Four

"I Want Candy (Kevin Shields Remix)" – Bow Wow Wow

"Kings of the Wild Frontier" – Adam and the Ants

"Concerto in G"[1] – Antonio Vivaldi / Reitzell

"The Melody of a Fallen Tree" – Windsor for the Derby

"I Don't Like It Like This" – The Radio Dept.

"Plainsong" – The Cure


CD 2

"Intro Versailles" – Reitzell / Beggs

"Jynweythek Ylow" – Aphex Twin

"Opus 17" – Dustin O’Halloran

"Il Secondo Giorno (Instrumental)" – Air

"Keen On Boys" – The Radio Dept.

"Opus 23" – Dustin O’Halloran

"Les barricades mystérieuses" – François Couperin / Reitzell

"Fools Rush In (Kevin Shields Remix)" – Bow Wow Wow

"Aphex Twin – Avril 14th" – Richard James

"K. 213" – Domenico Scarlatti / Reitzell

"Tommib Help Buss" – Squarepusher

"Tristes Apprêts, Pâles Flambeaux"[2] – Jean Philippe Rameau / W. Christie

"Opus 36" – Dustin O’Halloran

"All Cats Are Grey" – The Cure 

As requested Mincan and provided by Manguitom  

(http://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=13037)

please SEED,COMMENT AND ENJOY!

Uploaded by ETC1337  APRIL 16,2011 12:30 PM