Coast to coast am.

Date: 05-05-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Howard S. Friedman, Michael Cremo 
Professor of Psychology Howard Friedman discussed an eight decade study that documents who really thrives under certain conditions and who dies early. The study which busts a number of myths about the secrets to living a longer life, was started by Dr. Lewis Terman in 1921. He used a group of 1,500 gifted boys and girls born around 1910, and these subjects were subsequently tracked throughout their lives. Looking at personality factors, one surprising result, was that those with a "cheery disposition" actually died at a younger age, on average. 

Those who lived longest were found to be the most conscientious-- they were prudent, planned their lives to some extent and were more focused on finding good jobs and relationships, Friedman reported. Stress and worrying were actually found to not be a bad thing in terms of longevity, and people who worked the hardest tended to live the longest, he noted, adding that retirement usually is detrimental to health. 

The subjects who were naturally active (but not rigorous exercisers) tended to stay healthy as opposed to those more sedentary, and those who had more people around them and made a difference in people's lives fared better than the loners, he detailed. People who engaged in "catastrophic thinking," i.e. finding doom everywhere, tended to die at a younger age, especially for men, Friedman shared. 

Ancient Nuclear War
First hour guest, unorthodox researcher Michael Cremo talked about ancient Sanskrit writings from India that contain descriptions resembling nuclear warfare. In the texts, a weapon was said to shine as brilliant as a thousand suns, and battlefields were littered with tens of thousands of warriors. Based on astronomical information given in one text, he surmised that one of these battles took place around 5,000 years ago. 

News segment guest: Mitch Battros 

Website(s): 
howardsfriedman.com
mcremo.com
Book(s): 
The Longevity Project
Forbidden Archeologist

Date: 05-06-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Noe Torres, John LeMay, Open Lines 
In the first half of the program, author John LeMay and researcher Noe Torres talked about some of the strange incidents and UFO lore associated with Roswell, New Mexico. There is no absolute proof about what happened there in 1947, but numerous eyewitness accounts and circumstantial evidence support the story of a crash of an unknown object, Torres said. The site where the craft finally came down remains a mystery. Torres suggested it was probably in the northern part of Chaves County. The Foster ranch debris field is likely only a bounce site, where pieces of the object broke off as it continued another 40 to 50 miles before finally impacting, he added. 

Reports abound of strange occupants that were found at the crash site. LeMay shared the account of an alien survivor who was taken back to the Roswell military base, escaped, and was later shot by two guards when he returned. LeMay expressed his doubts about the story, pointing out that any occupant would have died from injuries sustained in the crash. Another bit of lore tells of an EBE (extraterrestrial biological entity) who survived the crash and eventually moved to Los Alamos National Labs, where he enjoyed eating strawberry ice cream and listening to Tibetan music, LeMay humorously recounted. 

While some of the Roswell alien stories strain credulity, Torres believes something incredible must have occurred there since service men at the base reportedly became emotionally and spiritually disturbed by what they saw. The beings from the crash have been variously described as three to four feet tall, pale-skinned, with a large head and eyes, and overall insect-like appearance, Torres explained. LeMay said the alien bodies were supposedly taken to the base hospital before being moved to a hanger. In the 1950s, a new medical facility was built on the site of the old hospital. A nurse who worked there claimed to have seen the ghost of a 'little man' roughly matching the description of a Roswell alien, LeMay noted. 

Open Lines followed. The final half hour featured part of George's 1/21/11 interview with researcher Giorgio Tsoukalos, who discussed ancient aliens. 

News segment guest: Robert Young Pelton 

Website(s): 
•roswellbooks.com
Book(s): 
•Roswell USA


Date: 05-07-11 
Host: Ian Punnett 
Guests: Mark Z. Jacobson, Fred Burton 
Stanford University professor Mark Z. Jacobson joined Ian Punnett to discuss how we can power 100% of the planet with renewable sources of energy like wind, water, and sunlight, and what this could mean for the global oil industry (related essay). 

Counter-Terrorism Issues
In the first hour, security expert Fred Burton briefly commented on the take down of Osama bin Laden, train security in the U.S., and other counter-terrorism issues. 

Website(s): 
•stanford.edu
•stratfor.com

thank you to tollon my sorce of this show, so I can share it with you.

thanks for seeding