Anal Frenzy (2010)
 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=1556029&partner_id=10008495 
http://www.xonair.com/detail.cfm?aff_Id=79410&bannerid=10112415&id=10112415&Category=100

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  Dec 14, 2010 
Category  All Sex, Anal 
Director  Mike Adriano 
Starring  Harmony, Mike Adriano, Brooke Lee Adams, Chanel Preston, Halie James, Madison Young, Jada Stevens, Nichole Taylor 

One-man anal show Mike Adriano is at it again with Anal Frenzy, a masterpiece of gonzo rectum-oriented perversion. Five of the prettiest young anal princesses in the business stretch their personal boundaries for our enjoyment! Mike uses ...    Full Descriptioninflatable butt plugs, speculums and his own God-given cock to delve deep into female anal cavities, with POV-style segments that put the viewer in the driver seat. Lively brunette Chanel Preston tests her recent decision to do on-camera anal sex with a nasty reaming that features lots of wet, sloppy dicksucking, ass-expanding toys and ass-to-mouth nastiness. Chanel gets her bunghole fucked wide open and accepts a creamy oral cum shot. Next comes fresh and lovely Brooke Lee Adams, a stunning brunette with a fine, plump ass and enticing, all-natural boobs with large nipples. This obedient beauty takes an extra measure of anal punishment with an inflatable ass toy and an ass-fucking that leaves her poor rear opening puffy and gaping. She gamely slurps Mike's tool with lots of slobber, tonguing his nuts and getting an open-mouth facial. Naturally stacked Latina cutie Halie James says she's never had anal sex before; she won't be able to say that now! But will she be able to sit? This pretty señorita undergoes a strict course of face-fucking, ball-licking, girl-on-guy rim-jobbing, tit jobs and lots of intense butt-banging. And takes her facial with a smile! Young Jada Stevens has dark hair and perfect, little natural tits. Mike eats her asshole and inserts his trusty speculum to illuminate her most private zone. Jada accepts his cock in her diminutive ass, then makes rhythmic gagging sounds while sucking it straight from her back door. She impales her butt on his large dick, getting a faceful of sperm for her effort. Sweet, tattooed blonde Nichole Taylor has an anything-goes attitude. She licks Mike's taint and sucks his raging cock, submits to a speculum probing and is shocked when it opens her sphincter to its highest setting! She exudes whitish pussy juice, which Mike uses to lubricate his way up her battered butthole. A vacuum pump is employed to swell Nichole's anal ring to cartoonish dimensions, and when Mike cums into a martini glass, she swigs the cocktail in one gulp! There's also a bonus (non-POV) three-way with Mike and filthy wenches Madison Young and Harmony, who engage in over an hour of anal fucking, rimming, ass-to-mouth blow jobs, double-dick sucking and toy play, ending with a nasty cum swap. 
