PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: BA5893473E1321CE5375C1309F9C8783665A833B
File Size: 461.03 MB
Year: 2010
Label: Geffen
Catalog #: B001504102


Please help seed these FLACs! 


The last track, Manos al Aire, would not rip either in secure or burst mode due to a nasty little scuff so I had to leave it out of the torrent.


Kit




From Wiki:


Nelly Kim Furtado (born December 2, 1978) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, record producer and actress of Portuguese descent. She has sold 20 million albums worldwide and 18 million singles, bringing her total sales to nearly 40 million records.[1] Furtado grew up in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.

Furtado first gained fame with her debut album, Whoa, Nelly!, and its single "I'm like a Bird", which won a 2001 Juno Award for Single of the Year and a 2002 Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. It produced two more international singles: the more successful "Turn off the Light", and "Shit on the Radio (Remember the Days)". After giving birth to her daughter Nevis, her second studio album, Folklore, was released. It was less commercially successful in the US. It produced three international singles: "Powerless (Say What You Want)", "Try", and "Força" (the theme of the 2004 European Football Championship).

In summer 2006, she released her third studio album, Loose. It is her biggest success to date worldwide. It produced the number-one hits "Promiscuous", "Maneater", "Say It Right" and "All Good Things (Come to an End)". After a three-year break, in September 2009, she released her first full-length Spanish album, Mi Plan, along with her first Spanish single "Manos al Aire", which topped the Billboard Hot Latin Songs. This made Furtado the first North American singer to top the Billboard Hot Latin Chart with an original Spanish song. Further singles released were "Más" and "Bajo Otra Luz". For Mi Plan, Nelly received the Latin Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Album. On October 26, a remix album, Mi Plan Remixes, was released. Furtado released her first greatest hits album, The Best of Nelly Furtado, one month later on November 12, 2010. 






Greatest Hits 2010


The Best of Nelly Furtado is the first greatest hits album by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado. The album was first released on November 12, 2010.[1] The album includes all of Furtado's biggest hits, as well as songs she's featured in and three new songs: "Night Is Young," "Stars" and "Girlfriend in the City". The album is available in Standard, Deluxe and Super Deluxe Editions, with the latter including 2 CDs and 1 DVD.[2][3] The album's track listing and artwork were revealed on October 14, 2010.


Talking about how she picked the new songs to be on the greatest hits Furtado said, "The way I picked the new songs for Best of Nelly Furtado was I was just coming off my Latin American tour for Mi Plan and two of my songs got leaked on the internet. Somebody in Eastern Europe or something leaked the songs on the internet. One song was "Night Is Young" and the other song was "Girlfriend In The City", but they were kind of horrible versions that weren’t even finished and not mixed. So I thought okay, a lot of my fans have heard these new songs anyway in their rough version, I might as well finish them and put them out properly on the greatest hits album. It kind of seemed like the natural choice. And then the third selection is "Stars", which is a song Lester Mendez and I wrote a couple years ago when we were doing the Loose sessions. It’s one of those songs that I think people who like Folklore will like, because it’s more intimate and slow."[5] The diss track "Give It to Me" was omitted from the album's track listing due to the negative lyrical content according to Furtado in an interview.


Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic gave the album a four out of five star rating, noting the variety on the album and commended that "Not one of Nelly Furtado’s albums sounds like the one that came before", calling it an "admirable trait".[7] Slant Magazine called Furtado "one of pop music's most eclectic artists" and wrote that "the set also positions Furtado as one of the absolute finest singles artists of her generation."[8]

Scott Kara from the New Zealand Herald saw the release as being for the fans.

On August 26, 2010 at the “Orange Warsaw Festival” in Poland, Furtado debut two previously unreleased songs, "Free" and "Girlfriend in the City" [10] The first and only single from the release, "Night Is Young" premiered on BBC Radio 1 on October 3, 2010.[11] The song was first released for digital download on October 12, 2010. The release was a moderate success despite the lack of promotion. A casting call was held via Furtado's Bestfan.com page, giving the opportunity for fans to appear in the video for "Night is Young", production took place in Toronto, Canada. [12][13] For preparation for the album's release, Furtado has recorded various live acoustic performances of her singles for Walmart Soundcheck.[14] A mash-up entitled "Free at Night" and was released for digital downloading in early 2011. Including 13 of Furtado's tracks remixed by DJ Earworm.[15]

A music video was produced for the Loose album track "Wait For You", containing extra footage form the Get Loose Tour and Mi Plan Tour, a black and white video was featured on the "Super Deluxe Edition Bonus DVD" version of the greatest hits.

The album charted on the Austrian Albums Chart, Italian Albums Chart, German Albums Chart and UK Albums Chart for solely one week, while lasting two on the Swiss Albums Chart, debuting at 100 and peaking at 29. The album failed to chart on any of the United States charts, however sold moderately in Canada peaking at 57.


Tracks: 


1.	"I'm Like a Bird"  
2.	"Turn Off the Light"  
3.	"... On the Radio (Remember the Days)"  
4.	"Fotografía" (duet with Juanes)
5.	"Powerless (Say What You Want)"  
6.	"Try"  
7.	"Força"  
8.	"Promiscuous" (featuring Timbaland)
9.	"Maneater"  
10.	"Say It Right"  
11.	"All Good Things (Come to an End)"  
12.	"In God's Hands"  
13.	"Broken Strings" (featuring James Morrison)
14.	"Girlfriend in the City"  
15.	"Night Is Young"  
16.	"Stars"  




Enjoy :)
