vol 7

Description

This budget album covers the period 1964 - 1972 & shows how much the Motown sound changed over time with almost nothing of the 60s trademark sound on show at all.

The earliest song is the great "My Guy" by the much underrated Mary Wells. Written by Smokey Robinson, its got a lovely looping beat, great lyrics & a catchy chorus. Really a perfect pop record though not really in the 60s style Motown became famous for.

Also from the 60s is perhaps the least known track on the album "Festival Time"; in truth not a great track, perhaps the weakest on the album but quite rhythmic.

We get 2 excellentmore… post Diana Ross Supreme's hits "Automatically Sunshine" and "Floy Joy" both written by Smokey & both fair sized hits, being up tempo 'happy' sounding tracks.

In a similar vein is their collaboration with the Four Tops on "Love In Your Heart"

Other standout tracks include "Superstar" from the Temptations, which really motors, "Surrender" by you know who and "If You Really Love Me" by Stevie Wonder.

Many will enjoy the 'teeny bop' pop of Michael Jackson but for me the best track by a mile is "Walk In The Night"

Here we get Jnr. Walker's sax at its most mellow, over a sweet soul sounding girl backing group; catchy song with great swirling strings & sax that has just enough guts when it counts - absolutely fabulous and nothing like any other Motown hit I can think of!

Worth buying the album for although there are plenty of Jnr. Walker albums out on CD to choose from.

Overall a great album, featuring some great stars, with a very clean sound on all tracks even those from the 60s.

1. Automatically Sunshine (Supremes)
2. Just Walk In My Shoes (Gladys Knight And The Pips)
3. Rockin' Robin (Michael Jackson)
4. Take A Look Around (The Temptations)
5. You Gotta Have Love In Your Heart (Supremes And The Four Tops)
6. If You Really Love Me (Stevie Wonder)
7. Surrender (Diana Ross)
8. Ain't No Sunshine (Michael Jackson)
9. Superstar (Remember How You Got Where You Are) (The Temptations)
10. Bless you (Martha Reeves And The Vandellas)
11. Floy Joy (Supremes)
12. Walk In The Night (Junior Walker And The All Stars)
13. Doobedoon' doobe Doobedoodn' doobe Doobedoodn' doobe (Diana Ross)
14. Festival Time (San Remo Strings)
15. My Guy (Mary Wells)
16. Got To Be There (Michael Jackson)