GeeXboX is a free and Open Source Media-Center purposed Linux distribution for embedded devices and desktop computers. GeeXboX is not an application, it’s a full-featured OS, that one can boot as a LiveCD, from a USB key, an SD/MMC card or install on its regular HDD. The GeeXboX distribution is lightweight and designed for one single goal: embed all major multimedia applications as to turn your computer into an HTPC.
The GeeXboX project is a non-commercial organization, founded in 2002 and developed by volunteer individuals from all around the world on their spare time. The development of the GeeXboX project is the result of contribution of dozens of people over the time and hardware sponsoring and donations. It led to the creation of multiple side-projects that now have their standalone life: Enna, libplayer, libvalhalla, libnfo, libdlna, uShare …
The GeeXboX distribution is available for the following targets:

    * x86 computers (32 and 64 bits)
    * PowerPC computers (32 and 64 bits) a.k.a. old Macintosh  deprecated with 2.x release.
    * ARM SoC: mostly OMAP ARMv7 SoC from Texas Instruments and  Tegra2 from nVidia.
... 
http://www.geexbox.org/about/what-is-geexbox/

After countless years of development, the 2.0 release of GeeXboX (codename 'Love It or Shove It') finally has landed. The GeeXboX project was created in December 2002, 9 years ago, to become the major HTPC / MediaCenter dedicated Linux distribution. From a ridiculous 3 MB ISO image, using an ultra-simple customized version of MPlayer OSD, GeeXboX now has evolved into a much more mature system. Our objective always has been to provide you with a Linux distribution, so easy to use, that anyone, regardless of any computer skill, would be able to make use of it.
Over the years, the project has evolved to always provide more features and bring support to more and more hardware devices, which we managed to do, at some cost. The architecture that has been originally designed, with the whole UI being MPlayer’s OSD, prevented us from easily adding major features and the look and feel started to look deprecated within the years. We’ve then been struggling for months and years to design this v2.0 version, switching from one Media Center project to another (or even creating our own), using MPUI, Freevo and then Enna, to finally stick with the most powerful one, the reference: XBMC. Our team always has been too small numbered and managing a distribution takes resources. We had no other choice but to understand that we just can’t compete, so let’s just integrate the best components to make one nice product.
... 
http://www.geexbox.org/ 
http://www.geexbox.org/geexbox-license/ 
http://www.geexbox.org/donate/ 
http://www.geexbox.org/download/ (others files)