The Cleveland Show S01E05: 'Cleveland Jr's Cherry Bomb' with Dutch subs

While watching a baseball game at Stoolbend Stadium, Cleveland sees Roberta kissing Federline Jones. Cleveland tries to talk to Roberta about maintaining her virginity but while she admits she has yet to do anything, she also makes it clear that it is none of his business. Following the news of an abstinence lecture in church by Tim, he takes the family to church to hear about maintaining purity. While three girls pledged their purity, Cleveland Jr. pledges his purity as well, much to Cleveland's dismay and humiliation.

Cleveland takes Cleveland Jr. to a science-fiction convention (with an uncanny appearance to the San Diego Comic-Con) to show him the horror of virginity for boys. However, the example is confusing and they become distracted by the attractions within and make off with the convention's souvenirs and toys instead. When they arrive home, Cleveland finds that Roberta and Federline Jones are just about to have sex in his car parked out on the front of her house. Cleveland intervenes, scaring Roberta off, but enlists the aid of Federline Jones to help Cleveland Jr. be able to attract girls; in exchange, he agrees to do a freestyle rap song.

While at the mall, Cleveland Jr. is instructed by Federline Jones on how to talk to a group of women. However, it ultimately fails in the process, as Junior told the girls about abstinence and they gave him all their money. Federline slaps him for this, but Junior threatens to kick his ass if he does that again.

During a barbecue in Lester's backyard, Cleveland Jr. overhears Cleveland and his other friends make disparaging remarks about Cleveland Jr's abstinent choice. Driven with shame, Cleveland Jr. and Ernie plot to help him finally lose his virginity by going the Stoolbend whorehouse that Ernie's father Lester apparently frequents. They sneak out of the house with Lester's prostitute funds and Kendra's mobility scooter to go straight to the Stoolbend whorehouse.

Upon arriving there, Cleveland finds that his son was almost about to have sex with one of the prostitutes. He talks his son's decision over with him to make a point that his first experience with girls should be a special one as opposed to simply paying to have sex. They come to terms with each other and leave the whorehouse to make their way to the church's purity ball.

While at the ball, Cleveland and his son dance spectacularly. As a result, Cleveland Jr. attracts the attention of the other attending girls. After that Cleveland jr. decides to stay in charge of his own virginity.

Meanwhile, Ernie rides on his mother's scooter off on the road with a prostitute, with the sign saying, "Just Married" on it.

Torrent by 3pp0 | subs from www.bierdopje.com thx :)