Faith and Reason: The Philosophy of Religion 

Audible Audio Edition

Listening Length: 8 hours and 21 minutes

Program Type: Audiobook

Language: English

Through the ages, mankind has pursued questions of faith in something beyond the world of ordinary experience. Is there a God? How can we explain the presence of evil? Do humans, or human souls, live on after death? Is there a hell? The following lectures examine these eternal questions and present the most compelling arguments for and against God's existence, the seeming conflicts between religion and science, and the different truth-claims of the world's most popular religions. By delving into the major characteristics of world religions, including Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, and Buddhism, mankind's association with the many different varieties of religious practice is brought to light. Above all, Faith and Reason: The Philosophy of Religion lays the groundwork for a rational approach to pursuing questions of faith - and at the same time provides a better understanding of religion's ongoing importance in the realm of human experience.

Lecture 1 What Is Religion? Why Is It Worth Thinking About? 

Lecture 2 Atheism 

Lecture 3 The Problem of Evil 

Lecture 4 Arguments for God's Existence from Nature (Cosmological Arguments) 

Lecture 5 Arguments for God's Existence from Human Experience (Psychological Arguments) 

Lecture 6 Religion and Science 

Lecture 7 The Case Against Life After Death 

Lecture 8 The Case for Life After Death: Twelve Arguments 

Lecture 9 Different Concepts of Heaven 

Lecture 10 Hell 

Lecture 11 Testing the Different Truth-Claims of Different Religions 

Lecture 12 Comparative Religions 

Lecture 13 What Would Socrates Think? 

Lecture 14 Religious Experience 

Through the ages, mankind has pursued questions of faith in something beyond the world of ordinary experience. Is there a God? How can we explain the presence of evil? Do humans, or human souls, live on after death? Is there a hell? The following lectures examine these eternal questions and present the most compelling arguments for and against God's existence, the seeming conflicts between religion and science, and the different truth-claims of the world's most popular religions. By delving into the major characteristics of world religions, including Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, and Buddhism, mankind's association with the many different varieties of religious practice is brought to light. Above all, Faith and Reason: The Philosophy of Religion lays the groundwork for a rational approach to pursuing questions of faith - and at the same time provides a better understanding of religion's ongoing importance in the realm of human experience.