
Stelios Kazantzidis

Stelios Kazantzidis (August 29, 1931 – September 14, 2001) was a prominent Greek singer. 
A leading singer of Greek popular music, or Laiko, he collaborated with many of Greece's foremost composers.

In Israel, he was a musical icon. Many of his songs were translated into Hebrew and performed by the country's leading singers. 
Yaron Enosh, an Israel Radio broadcaster who often plays Greek music on his programs, described the singer's ability to combine joy with sorrow: "This is the task of music: to touch the entire range of feelings...Kazantzidis could do this; he played on all the strings." 

Kazantzidis died of a brain tumor on September 14, 2001. 
His death was an emotional event for Greece, as attested to by the many obituaries in appreciation of his life and work. Kazantzidis was given a national funeral through the streets of Elefsina (26 km from Athens) which was broadcast live on Greek television. 
His music was also beloved by the Greek diaspora all over the world, capturing their feelings in the difficult post-war period.




"Kazantzidis was the voice of the people, of the weary, the exploited, the betrayed. And the voice of the refugee and the emigre, too."





Stelios Kazantzidis sings Vassilis Tsitsanis

A hallmark in his career — and an event of great importance for the musical scene of post-war Greece — was his cooperation with composer Vassilis Tsitsanis. 
It started in 1956 and resulted in Kazantzidis reinterpreting some of Tsitsanis old songs. Kazantzidis, thus, sung and popularized such rebetiko classics as "Synnefiasmeni Kyriaki", "Mpakse tsifliki" and "Ta Kavourakia". 
These songs, and many others, previously unknown to the wide public suddenly became cherished and sought-after. (wikipedia)


 
http://img36.imageshack.us/img36/5804/fronthn.jpg



01. Stelios Kazantzidis, Marinella, Giota Ludia - Sunnefiasmeni Kuriaki
02. Stelios Kazantzidis, Marinella - Antilaloune Ta Vouna
03. Stelios Kazantzidis, Mpempa Fineti, Vasilis Tsitsanis - To 'xera Pos Tha Mou Fugeis 
04. Stelios Kazantzidis - Ta Antrakia
05. Stelios Kazantzidis, Mpempa Fineti - Klapse Simera Kardia Mou
06. Stelios Kazantzidis - Aspro Poukamiso
07. Stelios Kazantzidis - Paixe Hristo To Mpouzouki
08. Stelios Kazantzidis, Marinella - O Nikolas O Psaras
09. Stelios Kazantzidis, Marinella, Giota Ludia - Ta Kavourakia
10. Stelios Kazantzidis - Katigoroumeno Kormi
11. Stelios Kazantzidis - Pare To Dakru Mou Voria
12. Stelios Kazantzidis - To Kokkino Mantili
13. Stelios Kazantzidis - Isos Aurio
14. Stelios Kazantzidis - Me Pires Sto Laimo Sou
15. Stelios Kazantzidis, Marinella, Panos Iatrou - Ferte Mou Na Pio
16. Stelios Kazantzidis - Me Dikopo Mahairi
17. Stelios Kazantzidis, Vasilis Tsitsanis - Katadikos Gia Panta
18. Stelios Kazantzidis - I Rezerva
19. Stelios Kazantzidis - Pou Tha Meino Apopse
20. Stelios Kazantzidis, Marinella - Mpaxe Tsifliki
21. Stelios Kazantzidis - Akoma Kai Stin Kolasi
22. Stelios Kazantzidis - Pethaino Gia To Dikio Mou




Label: Minos-EMI
Released: 1994




Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share
