DVDFab Platinum v8.0.9.5 Qt Beta 

This is a AIO = all in one program double click exe and use clickable buttons.

[img]http://www.dvdfab.com/images/logo.png[/img]

What's New:

DVDFab 8.0.9.5 Qt Beta (June 3, 2011)

New: Added support for Intel Quick Sync as H.264 decoder and encoder. It works on DVD Ripper, Blu-ray Copy, Blu-ray Ripper, Blu-ray 3D Ripper, Blu-ray to DVD Converter, Video Converter and 2D to 3D Converter.
New: Brand new profile design, which is very flexible and powerful. A new profile editor will be out soon, please wait.
New: Brand new MP4 muxer.
New: Added new splash window at startup.
New: Added option "Disable all GPU codecs for decoding and encoding" when user wants all software codecs.
New: Added option "Open output directory when done".
New: Updated language files.
New: Some minor fixes and improvements.

Blu-ray Copy:
New: Added support for AACS MKB v25.

Blu-ray 3D Ripper:
New: Added "Base View" info, normally it's "Left" eye, but for some movies it's "Right" eye.

Features:

DVD Copy v8.0.9.5 aka DVD to DVD
DVDFab DVD Copy is popular worldwide and known for its power and flexibility. You can copy a DVD with just a click or two, or use DVD Copy's many settings to customize the ouput. Burn it to a blank DVD or write the output to a folder or image file on your hard drive or media server, compress content to fit on smaller discs, the choice is yours!

Blu-ray Copy v8.0.9.5 aka Blu-ray to Blu-ray
DVDFab Blu-ray Copy leads the industry in features and options. Remove all known Blu-ray protections, with lightning fast protection updates from our 24/7 server. Copy Blu-ray to blank discs or your PC hard drive, compress them to fit on BD-25 media or even DVD9 or DVD5 discs, all in high definition!

Blu-ray 3D Ripper
v8.0.9.5
The first Blu-ray 3D to 3D video ripping software in the world, rips any Blu-ray 3D to AVI, MP4, WMV, and MKV 3D video for playback on 3D display devices. Side-by-side 3D format supported. The 3D type can be left/right or top/bottom. And the video frame size can be full (100%) or half (50%). Just like all DVDFab products, Blu-ray 3D Ripper is also superior in speed and quality, and very easy to use.

Blu-ray to DVD Converter
v8.0.9.5
DVDFab Blu-ray to DVD Converter, the first full-featured and the most powerful Blu-ray to DVD converter in the world, can convert any Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc independently for playback on DVD player or DVD player software, offers people total freedom from Blu-ray to DVD, with super fast speed, great output quality, helpful editing functions, and many other neat features.

Video Converter v8.0.9.5
aka File to Mobile
This handy option allows you to convert quickly between many popular video/audio file formats such as AVI, MP4, MKV, FLV and many more for use on many mobile/portable devices as well as advanced consoles and media players. It has the power and flexibility to produce the output that you need.

website: http://www.dvdfab.com/

Installation Info:
1)install the dvdfab setup and don't launch
2)open crack folder and right click on the msvcr90.dll and copy
3)go to the install folder or use the patch to same spot
C:\Program Files\DVDFab 8 QT   and or C:\Program Files(x86)\DVDFab 8 QT
and right click and paste the file and Copy over other msvcr90.dll 
4)start DVDfab program and close welcome screen
and click on the green check mark at the top
and on the top left of the settings window click on general
and in the middle bottom area uncheck check for new version automaticly click ok
And never update as u will lose your registration
5)enjoy from Slickinator


Note: AVG has been known to be one that will call the patch a virus ,trust me its safe and is a false positive 

even at virustotal the only one that shows is for AVG so enjoy and if you have avg temp disable and use or just copy over the pre patched dll file too make it easier enjoy from Slickinator (and thanx to teamBBB for there new updated patch)



