The panel debate the motion: Zionism today is the real enemy of the Jews. Chaired by Richard Lindley.

Arguing for the motion are Professor Avi Shlaim, Professor Jacqueline Rose, and Amira Hass.

Avi Shlaim rejects the Zionist colonial project beyond the 1967 border, and states that Israel's occupation of Palestine has transformed Zionism from a legitimate national liberation movement to an ideology of ultra-nationalist settlers. He warns that a lot of people are upset and angry with Israel for its treatment towards Palestinians.

Jacqueline Rose points out that Zionism is a movement that has always been reinterpreted from within. On the subject of displacement of Palestinians, Rose asks how the creation of a nation on the back of another society cannot be dangerous for Jews themselves.

Amira Hass says she does not believe in such generalising statements as the motion in hand. However, she discusses the reality of life in Israel and uses her own experiences to paint a picture of the practical, if not legal, separation of Palestinians and Israelis.

Arguing against the motion are Melanie Phillips, Shlomo Ben-Ami and Professor Raphael Israeli.

Melanie Phillips says the motion wrongly suggests that Jews have no enemy but themselves. She questions whether the behaviour of Israel or the ideology of Zionism are malign. She refutes the charges made against the actions of Israel – expansion in 1967 was, in her view, not an act of aggression.

Shlomo Ben-Ami states that Israel is in a circumstantial conflict, and that the historical realities it faces were predicaments that most European nations have faced. He points out that Britain, France and Belgium set precedents for any repression that has since been used by Israel, and notes that it took Europe endless wars to end its nationalist disputes.

Raphael Israeli says there has so far been little mention of Zionism, with the previous speakers concentrating on Israel. He points out that Zionism is an ideology and Israel is a state. In his view, Zionism has enjoyed spectacular success, but all we hear of are various demonisations.

First Vote: 228 For, 227 Against, 291 Don't Know

Final Vote: 355 For, 320 Against, 40 Don't Know

The motion is passed by 35 votes.