Lionheart King's Crusade Update 2 - SKiDROW

09-02-2011........Release Date ... Protection...............Steam
Strategy.............Game Type ... Disk(s)....................DOX

SCENE NOTES

We're sick and tired of the other group that decided to pre a dupe of
ourworking Test Drive Unlimited 2 release

Our Test Drive Unlimited 2 crack is patched to match SecuROM on it's
premise. What's there not to understand?

1. Our crack method is not a loader (Show us please where the loader
   part is inside the exe. You can't, so stop your bullshit)

2. Our method/release is following the current iso ruleset

3. GENESIS release is already EU retail and multi 5. Even through their
   is tagged german, then it's still multi 5 and feature english, which
   means yours is both a dupe of ours and theirs

Like we mentioned in the beginning, then this invalid proper from today
is nothing more than a dupe. Furthermore then this same group think
that we used a russian P2P release. Just because the game is supplied
by a russian frind of the family, then it does not mean it's got roots
in the P2P scene. Saying we used P2P as source for our supply is stupid
and foolish, just because you didn't win the release and desperately in
need of a reason to proper

Our release works 100% and is not using a loader. So it's beyond our
wildest imginations that this same group who tried to proper us today
is the same group with all the scene history behind it, because it seem
their strongest asset is false accusations and endless garbage talk

RELEASE NOTES

CHANGELOG:

Fixes

- Stability issues are solved
- Balancing and difficulty updates
- Faith related Relics optimized
- Cavalry momentum under high game speed fixed
- Behavior of shocked AI units upgraded
- Crusader campaign, Bagdad mission restart bug fixed
- Skill issues after unit upgrade fixed
- Unit parameter info bug fixed
- Bugs at active hero skills fixed

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack release
2. Run Lionheart.Kings.Crusade.Update.2.exe
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder to the main install
   folder and overwrite
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

You don't need to have any of the previous updates installed, as this
update is featuring all previous updated content

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan