Big Tit Perverts [Split Scenes].mp4

Scene 1:
Mason Moore: This scene is set up as a sort of photo shoot. Once Mason’s man is done setting things up, he calls her in to sit down in front of the lights. They talk for a bit but that doesn’t last long and before you know it he’s gotten her to take her top off so that he can shoot some stills of those big fake guns. This goes on for a few minutes and then her drawers are off and her legs are spread so that he can eat that bald beaver and get her good and primed for the main event. She drops to her knees and sucks his cock for a bit and then he lays her back on the couch and fucks her missionary style. She rides him reverse cowgirl style for a few minutes and then gets on her back again so that he can pump her a few last times before pulling out and stroking off all over her nice, sexy belly.

Scene 2:
Angeline Valentine: Angeline struts around for the camera for a few minutes and then lifts up her skirt, lays on the couch, spreads her legs and diddles herself like her life depended on it. She fingers herself for a bit and then her man, Tony DeSergio, comes in and takes over, licking and sucking her snatch before they move into a sixty-nine for a while. She bends over and gets fucked from behind, and then he lays back and she rides him reverse cowgirl style. Those impressed by pierced pussies will be taken by this shot, which gets in nice and close. They spoon fuck for a bit and he plays with her big silicon funbags, and then she drops to her knees and sucks him until he comes into her mouth and onto her big cleavage.

Scene 3:
Tory Lane: Pretty Tory Lane gets her man off the phone by taking his pants down and giving him head. She wants his attention and knows just how to get it. She gives him a seriously enthusiastic blowjob, getting her whole torso into the rhythm of it, and then he lays her back, spreads her legs and returns the oral favors. She leaves her knee high black leather boots on, which is a nice touch. He slips his dick into her and then flips her over to fuck her from behind for a spell. From there she rides him cowgirl and reverse, before they roll over to spoon fuck and so he can play with her fake tits. He pulls out and blows his load all over her face and tits to end the scene.

Scene 4.
London Keyes And Amber Ashlee: London and Amber are hanging out just goofing around with their phones when the mood for some girl on girl action strikes them both at the same time. Amber takes the initiative when she pulls out a big purple dildo and sucks it, and London sees this as her cue to finger herself. Then she spreads Amber’s legs and eats her out while using a little purple vibrator on her. The girls get naked and Amber gets down on all fours so lovely London can work her over from behind with her fingers and her tongue and with that little toy of hers. After that it’s Amber’s turn to lick London’s shaved pussy, which is just what she does. They go back and forth using their fingers, tongues and vibrators on each other until both ladies are well taken care of, culminating in a big hot finish where they sit across from each other and watch one another get themselves off. Yum.

Scene 5:
Charley Chase: Pretty dark haired Charley is at a restaurant where she interrupts a patron to give him head. He drops his pants and she takes him down her throat and licks his balls. From there she bends over the table and shows off her remarkable ass, which he’s quite happy to juggle and fondle before spreading her legs and eating her out. He fucks her doggy style and then she rides him reverse cowgirls style and regular cowgirl style. She blows him and then they spoon fuck, after which he pulls out and strokes off all over her nice, natural (maybe?), pierced tits. She gets him with the oral clean up, which seems to make him happy.

Scene 6:
Phoenix Marie: When this last scene starts, Phoenix is shooting photographs of Evan Stone. She gets him naked and shoots him getting it up for her, then strokes him and gives him head. He eats her pussy and thumbs her asshole before flipping her onto her side and spoon fucking her. She gets on all fours and he dangles it between her cheeks a bit before slipping it into her shaved pussy from behind. She rides him reverse cowgirl, breaks to suck his prick right down to his balls, and then he spoon fucks her again. They go at it for another minute or two before he pulls out and blows his load across her stomach.going through the motions and the scene is harshly lit – Phoenix looks orange here, and not in a healthy way.

Size:  927 Mb

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-947A_4D728ADC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-DB4A_4D728ADC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-2F6E_4D728ADC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-851C_4D728ADC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-5A10_4D728ADC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-E4C3_4D728ADC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-BB35_4D728ADC.html
