Advanced Yoga Practices: Easy Lessons for Ecstatic Living Book
 

AYP Publishing | English | 2004-12 | ISBN: 0976465507 | 548 pages | PDF |

FROM THE BACK COVER: 
The premise of Yoga is simple. There is an outer reality and an inner one, and our nervous system is the doorway 
between them. Effective Yoga practices stimulate and open that doorway. The result? Peace, creativity, happiness, 
and a steady rise of ecstatic bliss radiating from within us... Advanced Yoga Practices (AYP) brings together the 
most effective methods of Yoga in a flexible integrated system that anyone can use. Instructions are given in plain 
English for deep meditation, spinal breathing pranayama, bodily manipulations (asanas, mudras and bandhas), 
tantric sexual practices, and other methods that are systematically applied to swing open the door of our nervous 
system to permanent higher experience. This is a non-sectarian approach that is compatible with any belief system 
or religious background. There are over 240 easy-to-follow lessons here, including many hands-on questions and 
answers between Yoga practitioners and the author. Whether you are a beginner or a veteran in Yoga, the AYP 
lessons can serve as a useful resource as you travel along your chosen path. 

Extensive reader feedback is provided in the book. Here are a few excerpts:.........

"I searched for years to find a method of meditation that I can do. This is do-able." – AN 
"I've learned more about yoga in 4 months than in the previous 30 years of study." – SL 
"This is a very valuable inspiration for people taking up and maintaining meditation." – DB 
"Spinal breathing pranayama makes me feel so ecstatic, I want to do it all the time." – YM 
"After my first meditation session, I never felt so relaxed. You made me a believer." – JF 
"You make everything seem so simple, yet the practices are profound and dynamic." – SS 
"I wish I had this kind of information when I started some 15 years back." – AD 
"I love the way you explain everything. So simple, logical, and so safe." – RY 
"These are the best lessons I have read on yoga anywhere." – RD