Hello everyone,

This is a RIP version of Airbus A300B4 by Simcheck. It is cracked and works perfect.

                             Airbus A300B4-200



After 4 years of research and development, SimCheck is proud to present the classic Airbus A300B4-200!

The A300B4-200 was the third incarnation of the A300 after the B1 and the B2 series featuring increased fuel tank volume and a longer range. The cockpit still consisted of purely analogue instruments.

The SimCheck A300B4 package includes the -200 passenger version and the -203 cargo version in different liveries.



                      FEATURES


External model
The external model was developed with 3DSMax and contains all the latest features available in FSX. This means that model will not work properly in FS9.
Some special features:
Bump bitmaps
APU door
Detailed landing gear modeling including pneumatics leads
Ground power unit
Forward and aft stairs
Animated cargo loader
Aileron droop
Low speed aileron movement properly simulated
Speedbrake panel extension as realistic as you have ever seen
Virtual cockpit
Extremely detailed texturized 3D cockpit environment for maximum immersion using 3D animated switches, handles and gear levers where appropriate whilst maintaining high frame rates.
Instruments
Independent captains and first officers panel
PID controlled autopilot and autothrottle functions
INS navigation based on the CIVA INS
Where necessary we have added ultra smooth running gauges using GDI+ technology
Systems programming based on the actual aircraft systems, in many cases independent from standard FSX implementations
Sound
Custom made external sound package using the latest 3D mapping technology available in FSX and based on on real life recordings!
Extensive set of cockpit sounds based on recordings made in the real aircraft and in the simulator
Speedbrake rumble
Gear wind sound
Special features
As an extra user friendly option, we have added the ability for the INS to load FSX (XML-based) flightplans. This will reduce the workload in the cockpit for those who don\\\\\\\'t like to enter individual waypoint coordinates manually
Flight calculator: this little .NET program allows you to load passengers or cargo, calculate the initial optimum cruising level for your flight, fuel required and estimated flight time.


System requirements:

Minimum:
Microsoft Flight Simulator X with SP2 or Acceleration Pack
Windows 7, Vista or XP SP2
Multicore Processor
2 GB RAM
512 MB Graphics Card

Advised::
Microsoft Flight Simulator X with SP2 or Acceleration Pack
Windows 7, Vista or XP SP2
Quadcore Processor
3 GB RAM
1024 MB Graphics Card

Download-Size: 200 MB
Installation-Size: 800 MB

quickstart gide.pdf:   http://www.aerosoft2.de/downloads/a300/manual_simchecka300_quickstart_engl.pdf

tutorialflight.pdf: http://www.aerosoft2.de/downloads/a300/manual_simchecka300_tutorialflight_engl.pdf


This cracked Rip is made by NvidiaPhysX.