 
http://www.shotpix.com/images/55846072191151017752.jpg

Bookmark and Share 	

Download and view pictures & videos from websites
Software for bulk downloading images, videos, mp3's, and any other files

NeoDownloader is the fast and convenient solution for bulk downloading any files from any websites. But, in the first place, it is intended to help you download and view thousands of your favorite pictures, photos, wallpapers, videos, mp3's and any other files automatically.
Just specify a link (URL) and choose what you want: download from one web page, download a single image gallery, download multiple galleries, download entire website, download from tgp site, and this fully automatic batch downloader will do the rest.

Or simply drag-and-drop links from your browser to the NeoDownloader's floating basket, so you can download all images from a website with a few mouse clicks!
Built-in image viewer and media player allow you immediately view all files you download, and even watch them as a slide show.
NeoDownloader comes with a big online database of ready-to-download projects: thousands of various wallpapers, high-quality pictures of celebrities and beautiful girls, artworks by famous artists and photographers, funny pictures and animated gifs, and much more

Some Features of NeoDownloader:
Easy to use even for beginners, no pop-ups and banners.
Downloads your choice of image, audio, video and any other files.
Downloads URL ranges (fusker links like http://www.domain.com/images/pic[1-16].jpg).
Downloads list of URls - you can specify any amount of URLs.
Downloads from almost any sites, including TGP and password protected sites.
Advanced filtering - allows to download only those what you want and avoid unwanted content.
Allows up to 20 simultaneous connections.
Includes built-in image viewer with slideshow capabilities and audio/video player.
Supports ZIP/RAR archives.
and much more!


Install
Use Patch
All Done
 
http://www.neodownloader.com/