Decimal Day - What\'s That in Old Money - Audio Documentary  - BBC R4  
1 x 60 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo



Forty years ago, Britain \"went decimal\". Two thousand years of everyday currency history was overthrown overnight as the country woke up to \"new money\" on February 15th 1971 and said goodbye to coins such as the crown, the florin and the shilling.

Few economic events have affected the entire country so immediately and Peter Day delves into the archives to examine how the country prepared for and responded to D Day. It was Harold Wilson\'s Labour government that began the process of decimalisation in the 1960s after many years of discussion. Then cabinet minister Tony Benn recalls how changing Britain\'s money fitted in with the modernising ideology of the time, while former Chief Secretary to the Treasury Dick Taverne remembers the passion of the \"Save our Sixpence\" campaign.

Economists Peter Jay and Will Hutton discuss whether decimalisation contributed to the double-digit inflation of the 1970s alongside archive stories of price rises and \"rounding up\", as earnest commentators worried about how \'the housewife\' would cope. Did we lose something, culturally and intellectually, when we embraced new money?

Oxford Professor of Mathematics Marcus du Sautoy considers whether \"thinking in tens\" is really the best way to go about things. And Peter visits The Kings\' Head pub in North London where the landlord\'s tills charged in pounds, shillings and pence for some three decades after D-Day. He also talks to Sir Patrick Moore - patron of the Metric Martyrs campaign - about his love of imperial measures.

Britain may have been successful in decimalising its currency in 1971 but why was the movement towards full metrication - begun at the same time - never completed? Finally Peter asks, if you\'re old enough to remember, is it still possible to think in \"old money\"?

Producers: Simon Jacobs and Phil Smith
A Unique production for BBC Radio 4.


Decimal Day - What\'s That In Old Money 





Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 57mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

[


I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don\'t have time to keep trying.
If it\'s down then it\'s skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don\'t miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)



.
I often get asked to recommend some comedy. Or what my favs are.
Here is a list of what I currently have on my MP3 player

Bleak Expectations - Audio Comedy
Dad\'s Army - Audio Comedy 
Old Harry\'s Game - Audio Comedy 
The Lee Mack Show - Audio Comedy
The Castle - Audio Comedy
Ed Reardon\'s Week - Audio Comedy
Elvenquest - Audio Comedy
Hamish And Dougal - Audio Comedy
Jeremy Hardy Speaks To The Nation - Audio Comedy
Linda Smith\'s - A Brief History Of Timewasting - Audio Comedy
Mark Steel - Audio Comedy 
Peter Tinniswood - Uncle Mort - Audio Comedy
Pleased To Meet You - Audio Comedy
Revolting People - Audio Comedy
Steptoe & Son - Audio Comedy 
The Museum Of Everything
The Newly Discovered Casebook Of Sherlock Holmes - Audio Comedy
Trevor\'s World Of Sport - Audio Comedy

David Attenborough\'s Life Stories - Audio Documentary
Inside The Bermuda Triangle - Audio Documentary

Journey Into Space - SciFi Drama
Planet B - SciFi Drama

The Man In Black - Mark Gatiss - Audio Drama
Sherlock Holmes - Clive Merrison - Audio Drama
The Elephant Man - Audio Drama
Robinson Crusoe - Audio Drama

Spike Milligan - Adolf Hitler - My Part In His Downfall - Audio-book
A Night To Remember - (Titanic) - Audio-book
Cult Holmes - Audio-books
Murder After Midnight - Murder Cases





