.
SceneTime lucky draw is started . Join now and win the prize . everyone is a winner :)
 
http://www.scenetime.com    -  Hottest private tracker on the net. !!!

New release on http://www.scenetime.com

        Seed back for speed


...................................NFO:.................................................
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

Janet.Jackson.Taking.Control.WEBRip.XviD-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
Release Date2011.12.17
Air Date2011.11.18
GenreMusic Performances
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  Emerging from the shadows of the most famous family in showbusiness   
  to become a superstar in her own right, Janet Jackson was one of the  
  biggest female pop icons of the 80s and 90s, scoring huge             
  international hits with songs such as What Have You Done For Me       
  Lately? and Nasty.                                                    
                                                                        
  This film examines Janet's phenomenal career, from her early success  
  as a teenage actress in hit US sitcom Diff'rent Strokes to multi      
  award-winning pop star rivalling her brother's success with ten       
  number one singles on the American Billboard charts and worldwide     
  album sales of over 65 million. The struggle to control both her      
  creative and personal life is central to Janet's development as an    
  artist and key to understanding her story - from escaping the         
  clutches of her overbearing father to the thirst for new challenges   
  in her groundbreaking collaborations with producers Jimmy Jam and     
  Terry Lewis. Dubbed the 'Queen of Radio' in America, she always       
  seemed capable of maintaining her broad-base appeal - until the       
  infamous 2004 American Super Bowl appearance alongside Justin         
  Timberlake.                                                           
                                                                        
  Featuring an exclusive interview with Janet Jackson and               
  contributions from the likes of Jimmy Jam, Janet's brother Jackie     
  Jackson, actor Deborah Allen and British pop talent Estelle.          
                                                                        
 

  WE'RE LOOKiNG FOR 
                                                   
                                                                        
  * Broadcast/Network/PPV TV Cappers with English PDTV/HDTV sources     
     located in the US/UK/AU/CA/EU                                      
  * People with PDTV/HDTV sources with an interest in capping           
  * Pre-retail/unreleased DVD Suppliers (especially sports)             
  * 100mbit+ affil sites with archives                                  
                                                                        
   Find us or email w4fcrew@gmail.com if you can help                   
                                                                        
 

  GREETZ 
                                                              
                                                                        
   To all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)