In this action thriller from director Michael Bay (Pearl Harbour, Armageddon), survivors of global contamination live in a sterile, self-contained world where their every move is monitored. The rules are easy: be pleasant, refrain from asking questions, and dont rock the boat. Everything they need is provided for them, from the white uniforms that magically appear in their closets, to their customized cafeteria-style meals. The survivors all eagerly await their big payoff: winning the lottery and being sent to The Island, the only remaining untainted land in the world. But Lincoln Six-Echo (Ewan McGregor) yearns for more from his life and begins to wonder what really lies outside the thick walls. When his best friend, Jordan Two-Delta (Scarlett Johansson), wins the lottery, he knows that he has to find out the truth about their world before she departs. What he finds is terrifying enough to send Lincoln and Jordan fleeing from the facility to the real world where they quickly discover that they are clones, and that both The Island and global contamination are a ruse. The clones sole purpose is to be harvested for replacement parts when their sponsors need them.With his business now in jeopardy, Dr. Merrick (Sean Bean), the founder of the cloning company, hires a crack team led by Albert Laurent (Djimon Hounsou) to track down his escaped product. Wild chase scenes through Los Angeles circa 2050 are punctuated by high-tech transportation as Lincoln and Jordan run for their lives and try to assimilate into a world that is completely foreign to them. The futuristic set design and visual effects are particularly impressive. McGregor and Johansson both expertly communicate the human element and desire for life that has developed in the two clones, while still finding humour and awe in their childlike naivety.

Special Features
Making Of, Theatrical Trailer, ROM Link To Director Commentary

Technical Details
Region 2
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Sound: Dolby Digital 5.1
Running Time: 136 minutes
Production Year: 2005
Main Language: English
Subtitles: English Swedish Dutch Danish Finnish Norwegian 
Genre: Action Adventure
Certificate: 15 Suitable for Persons Aged 15 or Over
Director: Michael Bay
Actors: Ewan McGregor, Scarlett Johansson, Djimon Hounsou, Steve Buscemi, Sean Bean, Michael Clarke Duncan, Max Baker, Tom Beaver 

6,9/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0399201/

The Island [2005 PAL DVDR][En Subs[Nordic+En.Nl]

Året är 2019. De två klonerna Lincoln Six-Echo (Ewan McGregor) och Jordan Two-Delta (Scarlett Johansson) lever i en utopisk sciencefictionvärld där "Storebror" kontrollerar allt de gör. 

Som alla andra hoppas de snart få flytta till paradisön The Island, jordens sista oförstörda plats. När de får reda på att de är kloner som odlats fram som "reservdelar" till rika människor rymmer de till världen utanför. Det blir början på en actionfylld jakt på liv och död i en gastkramande framtidsvision. 

Text: Danska Engelska Finska Holländska Norska Svenska 
Ljud: Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1) 
  Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild:Widescreen 2.40:1  (anamorfisk) 
Format:DVD Region 2 
Extramaterial:
» Making of the Islnad featurette
» DVDROM webblänk
Speltid:130 min
Färg/svartvit:Färg
TV-system:PAL
EAN-kod:7321937717308
Svensk titel:Island, The
Originaltitel:The Island
Genre:Action / Sci-Fi
Produktionsland:USA 
Premiärår:2005
Regi:Michael Bay 
Manus:Caspian Tredwell Owen, Alex Kurtzman 
Skådespelare:Ewan McGregor, Scarlett Johansson, Djimon Hounsou, 
Steve Buscemi, Sean Bean, Michael Clarke Duncan, Max Baker, 
Tom Beaver 
Filmbolag:Warner Bros



Besök *--| TankaNer . com |--* för mer spel, musik, filmer och serier!


Och en fantastisk chatt!!!
