Wow. I see a lot of old fans complaining about the direction "their" Peppers have taken here. Well, if you don't like it go form your own band and write your own "perfect" music! 

There are a few common fallacies being repeated here: 

1) "This album is soft. Too many ballads. Boo hoo." Huh? Maybe you are not playing it loud enough, but I hear plenty of blistering guitar and slammin beats for my tastes. The bass tone is as good as it has been since BSSM and the drums are bright and present. There are quite a few mid-tempo pieces, but they usually resolve to scorching bridges of pure rock power. 

2) "The Peppers have abandoned their roots! Boo hoo." Please. Just because they are not retreading their young punk vibe over and over again it does not mean they have lost their integrity. I personally think punk AND metal sound best when a young band has something to prove. If they keep at it, without maturing, it sounds pretty stale. So I appreciate that they have moved on. I still love the old records and they are not going anywhere. Bottom line, if you want a dangerous punk sound look underground, this band has grown up. 

3) "They mailed it in. It's all about Frusciante now. Boo hoo." Nonsense. They bring it all to the table on this record. Yes, John's layered sounds are a huge part of the post-Californication sound, but I personally think this is Flea's best work. He is master of a ridiculous number of styles and still manages to sound like himself. No imitators possible. He practically invents a new style of bass on "Hard to Concentrate". I defy you to tell me you've heard anything like that stuttering little groove played on a bass guitar before (he seems to be pulling modern hip hop grooves into his own brand of upper register playing) and the next tune "21st Century" is a clinic on creative funk bass groove. Flea has reached a perfect balance of his relentless power and a "less is more" approach. If you have seen them play "Subway to Venus" at a billion beats per minute recently you know that neither he nor John have lost their chops, they just make different choices now. They are playing exactly what they think is beautiful and powerful and funky, no more no less. The reason I buy every album they make is because I trust them to make THEIR choices not MINE. I do that in my own band. I like where they are going as much as where they have been. Anthony Keidis has NEVER sounded better. His lyrics are on par with the other albums, equal parts sublime abstract genius and quirky Keidis nonsense delivered in his unique style. Again if you think the lyrics aren't good, then grab a mike and let us hear yours. Keidis is doing his thing well here. 

4) "It's still not as good as Blood Sugar! Boo hoo." Of course not, but it is not trying to replace that album. That was 15 freaking years ago folks! That was the perfect album for that time. I was 19 at the time and it absolutely consumed me, but that was a young man's album. This is an album for the same man 15 years later. It may not be for everyone, but it's not the Pepper's problem if you haven't grown up or if you just don't care for the music they like to make. 

5) "They only care about singles now! Boo hoo." More nonsense. They are making the best music they can in the style that they like which includes more flavors than almost any other band out there. It is an insult to them or any other band to tell them they are half-assing it. It takes a lot of hard work and dedication to put together even a so-so band, so when a band like this goes in to make a double album of "over produced" material it is NOT because they are just trying to sell a few more albums. These guys are already independently wealthy. They are making music, period. If you don't like it...hey...there are more bands out there than ever before...good luck finding one that cares as much about their music as these guys. 

Oh...the album... (hee hee) 

It is twenty eight songs of pure "grown up" Peppers. If you like the last two albums there is plenty here to digest for the entire summer. If you just like the old "real" Peppers then go dig up your old albums, stay in your cave and dream about the "good old days" when you thought they were "your" band...or you could come out into the sunshine with the REAL living Peppers and enjoy the ride. 

"If you don't like this album, then you don't like the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Period." - Flea 

by R. Otero

TRACKLIST:
Disc 1:
01 - Dani California.wma                                    
02 - Snow (Hey Oh).wma                                      
03 - Charlie.wma                                            
04 - Stadium Arcadium.wma                                   
05 - Hump De Bump.wma                                       
06 - She's Only 18.wma                                      
07 - Slow Cheetah.wma                                       
08 - Torture Me.wma                                         
09 - Strip My Mind.wma                                      
10 - Especially In Michigan.wma                             
11 - Warlocks.wma                                           
12 - C'mon Girl.wma                                         
13 - Wet Sand.wma                                           
14 - Hey.wma                                                

Disc 2:
01 - Desecration Smile.wma                                  
02 - Tell Me Baby.wma                                       
03 - Hard To Concentrate.wma                                
04 - 21st Century.wma                                       
05 - She Looks To Me.wma                                    
06 - Readymade.wma                                          
07 - If.wma                                                 
08 - Make You Feel Better.wma                               
09 - Animal Bar.wma                                         
10 - So Much I.wma                                          
11 - Storm In A Teacup.wma                                  
12 - We Believe.wma                                         
13 - Turn It Again.wma                                      
14 - Death Of A Martian.wma   

WMA 320Kbps 44100H STEREO