Into The Arms of Strangers - Stories of the Kindertransport (2000 Documentary on Underground Railroad in Nazi Europe)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1278kbps 
Duration.............: 1:57:21
Resolution...........: 640*480 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 384 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 6 
Filesize.............: 1,471,932,702 

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0248912/
 
http://compellingjewishstories.blogspot.com/2011/02/into-arms-of-strangers-stories-of.html
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Into_the_Arms_of_Strangers:_Stories_of_the_Kindertransport
 
http://bayimg.com/BaiChaAdA


Into the Arms of Strangers: Stories of the Kindertransport is a 2000 documentary film directed by Mark Jonathan Harris and narrated by Judi Dench. It tells the story of the kindertransport, an underground railroad that saved the lives of over 10,000 Jewish children. The movie uses archival footage and interviews to recount the stories of children sent to live in England, after fleeing from Nazi Germany.

Interviewed subjects

The documentary relies heavily on filmed interviews in which the children of the kindertransport (now grown men and women in their 60s and 70s) recall their feelings and experiences of the kindertransport. These interview subjects include:
Lorraine Allard, kind
Lory Cahn, kind
Mariam Cohen, foster mother of Kurt Fuchel
Hedy Epstein, kind
Kurt Fuchel, kind
Alexander Gordon, kind
Franzi Groszmann, mother of Lore Segal
Eva Hayman, kind
Jack Hellman, kind
Bertha Leverton, kind
Ursula Rosenfeld, kind
Inge Sadan, kind (Bertha Leverton's sister)
Lore Segal, kind
Robert Sugar, kind
Nicholas Winton, rescuer
Norbert Woolheim, rescuer
Alexander Gordon was also one of the refugees on HMT Dunera, one of the most notorious events of British maritime history.


Reactions

An overwhelming majority of American film critics responded positively to Into the Arms of Strangers writing that it both intellectually and emotionally captures this chapter of history. The film went on to win the prestigious Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. The film had an extremely limited theatrical release (18 theaters at its widest) and grossed $382,807 domestically.


Into the Arms of Strangers: Stories of the Kindertransport: written and directed by Mark Jonathan Harris

"Most of the interviews are with the children, now mostly in their 70's, who recall the overwhelming facts of their childhoods with simple dignity and heart-rending power."  from a review by A. O. Scott in the New York Times, September 15, 2000

In the months before the official start of World War II, through an act of Parliament England agreed to provide temporary residence to Jewish children from European countries on the continent and to place them with British families. 10,000 children escaped to England in an operation called the Kindertransport and were cared for in England before, during and in some cases, after the war.

This moving and very informative documentary consists of interviews with eleven surviving adults who were part of the Kindertransport and through their own words we hear about life before the threat of war, their parents’ decisions to send them to England on the Kindertransport, their parting from their parents as they boarded the train, their placements and how they worked out, and what happened when the war was over.  Also, through interviews we get the perspective of one of the mothers of a former Kindertransport child. And we also hear from one of the English foster mothers.

Knitting the interviews together is footage from newsreels of the time, some of classic World War II scenes – people saluting Hitler, people using the London Underground train platforms as bomb shelters, bombs landing on British cities like Coventry, Jews being rounded up, Jews being liberated from the camps – but also movies of the children of the Kindertransport playing soccer, writing letters to their parents, reading, sleeping and eating in the hostels.  

As the former Kindertransport children talk, we see photos of them from before the war when they led normal lives without a hint of what was to come.  They talk about the anguish of separating from their parents, of their parents’ assurances that their stay in England would be only temporary. Because it was difficult for their parents to get visas out – countries had strict quotas – and normally you had to be sponsored by someone in the country you were trying to get to – they took advantage of this opportunity to get their children out. 

Many of the children became real members in the families in which they were placed. Others were moved from family to family.Parents wrote frequently to bolster their childrens’ spirits, but once war broke out communication became brief and infrequent. Most stopped hearing from their parents and a few said that because they listened to the news they both did and did not know what not hearing from their parents meant.

When the war was over only a small number had parents who had survived. And of those whose parents did survive, reunions were often fraught. For example, Kurt Fuchel reports that in 1938 he was 10 years old when he had been placed in England. He was not reunited with his parents until 1947 when he was nineteen.

Two men who are interviewed about their part in working on the Kindertransport are singled out in this movie for special praise: Norbert Wollheim a German Jew who was asked to lead an effort in Germany to get this massive transfer of children underway, and Nicholas Winton, a British citizen, who did everything in his power to facilitate the arrival and placement of children from Czechoslovakia.