 http://bayimg.com/eaidpAAdO

Technotise: Edit & I (2009) 

Technotise - Edit i ja (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1372301/

Serbian language English subtitles

Technotise: Edit & I is a Serbian animated feature film, premiered on September 28, 2009. Written and directed by comics artist Aleksa Gajic, it is a sequel of his Technotise graphic novel. The soundtrack music is composed by Boris Furduj and Bob Strumberger, as well as the film trailer.

  Igor Bugarski  ...  Abel (voice)  
  Tatjana Djordjevic  ...  Sanja (voice)  
  Nikola Djuricko  ...  Bojan (voice)  
  Nebojsa Glogovac  ...  Edi (voice)  
  Marija Karan  ...  Broni (voice)  
  Sanda Knezevic  ...  Edit (voice)  
  Petar Kralj  ...  Deda (voice)  
  Srdjan Miletic  ...  Sergej (voice)  
  Boris Milivojevic  ...  Jovan Vu (voice)  
  Jelisaveta Sablic  ...  Keva (voice)  
  Srdjan Todorovic  ...  Herb (voice)  
  Vlasta Velisavljevic  ...  Profesor Dorijevic (voice)  

Edit is a smart, poised and exceptionally good-looking young psychology student in Belgrade in the year 2074, contending with her difficult mother and goofball boyfriend Bojan. In addition to her studies, she works for a major scientific research firm, where her task is to be a companion to a silent, withdrawn, possibly autistic math genius. After failing her gruelling psych exam for the sixth time, however, she decides to lower her ethical standards a notch or ten and have a black-market memory-booster chip implanted in her arm to guarantee a passing grade next time around. The chip is successful, but seems to have some strange side effects, and Edit is soon gobbling iron-supplement pills like an addict. Something is going on inside her, and whatever this mysterious condition may be, it is of great interest to the company she works for…

And so begins Serbia’s first animated feature film, an energetic, eye-popping cyberpunk thrill ride that’s scientifically calibrated to knock the socks off fans of Japanese anime and European bandes dessinées alike. TECHNOTISE: EDIT & I certainly owes a debt to Japan’s animated cyberpunk classics (watch for a clever little wink at AKIRA), but unlike the obviously influential GHOST IN THE SHELL, it dials down the postmodern philosophical ramblings to a tolerable level and instead offers plenty of that hard-edged black humour so characteristic of Serbs. Aesthetically, though, TECHNOTISE: EDIT & I is a feast for fans of Euro-sci-fi comics à la Moebius and Métal Hurlant. No surprise, as in addition to being a well-established illustrator at home, the film’s writer/director Aleksa Gajic is known across the continent for his comic books with prominent French publisher Soleil. His debut film is a sequel to his popular graphic novella “Technotise,” and his remarkable strengths at the drawing board come through in every frame—it’s a shame to see the film just once because it’s so packed with delightfully distinctive and carefully drafted little visual details and devices. Lovers of well-crafted, futuristic animation for discerning adults have long been stuck with Japan as their exclusive source, but TECHNOTISE: EDIT & I proves that Eastern Europe, which already has a rich history in the medium, is loaded with exciting potential.

In technical terms, the film is combination of four kinds of animations. The movie features realistic drawing with static scenes, with emphasized atmosphere and with authentic artistic expression. It also combines classic 2D, improved 3D and vector animation, with few scenes done with fractal animation.

The stylistic inspiration for the movie was Japanese anime.

Heat Vision is reporting that Legendary Pictures is developing a live-action remake of the animated Serbian film, Technotise: Edit and I.

The company has picked up a pitch by Laeta Kalogridis (Avatar, Shutter Island) who will write the screenplay. Rae Sanchini, who worked with James Cameron on Solaris, Titanic and Strange Days, will produce alongside Thomas Tull and Jon Jashni of Legendary Pictures.

The Serbian movie is set in Belgrade in the year 2074 and centers on a failing art student who decides to get a chip implant to circumvent studying but gets more than she bargained for.
