Robot Alchemic Drive for the Ps2                                    Rel. 11/04/2002


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang:          English
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        Action, BattleMech Simulation.
Rating:        T (Teen)
Conversion:    CD To DVD
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 



Release Notes - Rebuilt to DVD for those of you who need it. Or
                that can only boot dvd ps2 games, (Fmcb/esr for
                example).
                



Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.
      




Game Description:

Robot Alchemic Driver, or commonly known as RAD, is a Big Robot / Monster fight in a modern city with a twist. There is a story mode / training mode and a 2 player vs mode. In a nut shell, alien’s attack the last city on earth. The big robot comes up, and here is where the twist come in, you have to control the robot from the perspective of the “hero” (three to choose from) and you can switch between the robot / hero mode. This forces you to make sure you have a strategic position to move the hero around in the city to see the battle without getting too close. As the game goes on you have the option to update/customize the mech(s) to improve them. You can end up destroying whole building / terrain as you battle the alien monster. 

Prepare to bond with 75 tons of high-tensile robot. Direct every movement of your machine and slug your way to victory over colossal opponents in brutal hand-to-hand combat (plus missiles, lasers, shooting fists, boomerangs, and much more). Freeway overpass in the way? Take it down. Buildings crowding you? Knock 'em over. 

Much more than a simple action game, Robot Alchemic Drive accurately simulates the operation of a remote-controlled metal titan in crowded, active urban environments. Use your giant robot as a tool to defeat enemies, complete missions, and much more. Treat your robot well and you will be rewarded. Abuse your robot and, well, you'll wish you hadn't.


Features:

* Concurrent gameplay occurs on two levels: The Robot plane and the human plane. 

* Unique control mechanism simulates remote control of huge robots.

* Robots can transform into an alternate form.

* Fully usable/destructible environments - if you see it, you can crush it, stomp 
  on it, knock it down. Head up to the top of a skyscraper to view the action.

* Intense graphics bring crammed urban cities to life. Classically designed robots 
  move/transform realistically.

* Innovative design enables incredible sense of scale.

* R&D system enables customization and enhancement of robots.

* Story-driven gameplay provides depth lacking in other "giant robot" titles. 

* Character designs by Toshihiro Kawamoto of hit Anime "Cowboy Bebop".




Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		