The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (Vols. I-VI)
read by David Timson
24kHz / 48kbps mono
This set brings together the twenty-four stories comprising the first volume of Dr Watson’s Sherlock Holmes reports – The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. It includes such outstanding investigations as The Speckled Band, The Red-Headed League, The Adventure of the Greek Interpreter, and The Adventure of the Final Problem. They are read by the award winning David Timson, widely regarded as one of the finest presenters of the Sherlock Holmes canon.

The Return of Sherlock Holmes (Vols. I-III)
read by David Timson
44.1kHz / 64kbps stereo
The thirteen stories in this entertaining set chart the activities of the world’s greatest private detective from his sudden re-appearance after his supposed death at the Reichenbach Falls. Faithful Dr Watson recounts The Adventure of The Empty House, The Adventure of the Dancing Men, and others, as – with sharp observation and intelligent deductions – the supersleuth cuts through distractions and diversions to get to the truth. David Timson’s recordings have won plaudits across the world. A companion set to The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes box set.


I was asked if I had any Timson readings and at one time I had them all but I never rated them much personally so I deleted them. I've had a little look here and there today and came up with these so I thought I'd upload them as a lot of people do rate Timson. I'll continue my search to see if I can find more. I've found one of the novels, The Sign Of Four, and I'm just listening to it to make sure it's OK. If it is then I'll upload it soon.

A word on how the 56 short stories were released. There are 4 main sets:
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (6 volumes with 24 stories in total)
The Return of Sherlock Holmes (3 volumes with 13 stories in total)
Reminiscences of Sherlock Holmes: His Last Bow (single volume with 7 stories)
The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes (2 volumes with 12 stories in total)

extras:
The Naxos (publisher) web site has a free download of The Bruce-Partington Plans from the His Last Bow collection so I've thrown that in as an extra as well as a Naxos podcast - 'Sherlock Holmes' Having concluded the complete Sherlock Holmes canon for Naxos AudioBooks, David Timson explores the origins of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s master sleuth. 



Enjoy and Seed!!