S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Dungeons & Dragons: Daggerdale (c) Atari

30-05-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.....Steam + SecuROM
Action/RPG...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Dungeons & Dragons: Daggerdale offers engaging hack-and-slash gameplay
bringing an accessible version of Dungeons & Dragons 4th Edition to
life

Travel to the Dalelands of the Forgotten Realms, where the journey
begins in the remote Desertsmouth Mountains. From the sulfuric
catacombs of the mines of Tethyamar, to the dizzying heights of the
Tower of the Void, Dungeons & Dragons Daggerdale delivers, action
packed challenge that will satisfy the most seasoned of adventurers

Features:

Solo or Co-op Play - Whether you choose to do battle in the mines of
Tethyamar or skirmish on the Tower of Rezlus, you can choose to fight
solo or join with your friends. Four player online multiplayer, two
player local

Questing - Explore Daggerdale's lore and mysteries to reveal an
intriguing back story, mysterious characters, and a richly imagined
world. Extended depth and experience reward the avid explorer

Immersive Combat - Battle a wide range of enemies by engaging in
intuitive pick-up-and-play melee, or try your hand at ranged combat

Develop Your Character - Select a class, build your ultimate hero
collect loot, and earn experience! Select feats, powers, and skills to
enhance and customize your hero as you level up

Stunning Levels and Deep Exploration - A wide variety of perilous
quests encourage you to explore Daggerdale s richly detailed
environments

Authentic D&D Experience - The detailed world of the iconic Dungeons &
Dragons franchise has been painstakingly recreated for a rich, complex
and thrilling game experience

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK
CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision

 
http://postimg.com/38000/photo-37589.jpg



Daggerdale Minimum System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP SP3, Vista SP2, 7

CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo E4300 or AMD Athlon X2 4400+

RAM: 1GB

GFX: ATI Radeon HD 2900 or NVIDIA GeForce 8800 or faster

Direct X: 9.0c-compatible

HDD: 4GB free

Disk Drive: 6x DVD-ROM or faster

Peripherals: Keyboard and 3-button mouse

Other: 64Kbps+ Internet Connection required.

 

Daggerdale Recommended System Requirements

CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo E8400 or AMD Phenom II X2 555

RAM: 2GB

GFX: ATI Radeon HD 3870 or NVIDIA GeForce 9800 or faster

Peripherals: Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller for PC, Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows, Logitech Gamepad F310/F510/F710 **

Other: 256 Kbps+ recommended for multiplayer