Stardock PlusPak 1.0 for OS/2 Warp
English
Includes Version 1.0, FixKit #1

--------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to PlusPak for OS/2 Warp

To install this program simply run the INSTALL.CMD program and tell it which directory you want to the PlusPak to.

Once the PlusPak is installed simply double-click on any scheme you want to Apply. If you don't have an undo scheme created already you will be asked if you want to create one. An undo scheme is necessary to restore your system to the same appearance it had before the first PlusPak scheme was  applied.

To create your own schemes simply make an empty scheme by dragging the "Icon Scheme" template from the Icon Schemes folder and then right click on the empty scheme and select "Extract from Desktop." Stardock will provide more tools to help create Desktop Themes at a future date. 

NOTE TO OBJECT DESKTOP USERS: The Icon Schemes won't override any objects that have been assigned new icons via the "Set as Default" button on the first page of an object notebook. You must disable this option, by either selecting "Reset to Default" from the object that is now set to default, or by setting a new object to default and resetting from that object.

All trademarked names mentioned in this readme file are used for editorial purposes only, with no intention of infringing upon the trademarks.

Important:  Read this before using your copy of Stardock Systems' PlusPak

Stardock Systems, Inc. Software License Agreement

Acceptance	
This document is a legal agreement between you, the "end user" and Stardock Systems, Inc.  Use of the enclosed software ("SOFTWARE") indicates your acceptance of these terms.  If you do not agree to these terms and conditions delete the entire PlusPak package (installation and execution files) from any area where the code was stored.

Personal License	
This SOFTWARE and any accompanying documentation are being licensed to you, which means you have the right to use the SOFTWARE only in accordance with this Software License Agreement.  THIS LICENSE IS PERSONAL TO YOU.  YOU MAY NOT TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE OR ANY OF THE ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION TO ANY OTHER PERSON WITHOUT NOTIFYING AND RECEIVING STARDOCK'S EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT.  If another person desires to use the SOFTWARE on his or her computer, that person must pay a license fee to Stardock Systems.

Permitted Uses	
You may use the SOFTWARE only for your own personal use if you are an individual, or for your internal business purposes if you are a business.  You may use the SOFTWARE on no more than two computers owned or leased by you, and only on one computer at a time.  If you wish to use the SOFTWARE on more than two computers that are owned or leased by you, you must pay an additional license fee.  You may make a backup copy of the SOFTWARE if you reproduce and place our copyright notice on the backup copy.

Proprietary Rights	
This SOFTWARE and any accompanying documentation are proprietary products of Stardock Systems, Inc.  and are protected under international copyright laws.  Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE like any other copyrighted material.  Title to the SOFTWARE, or any copy, modification or merged portion shall at all times remain with Stardock Systems.

Nonpermitted Uses	
Without the express permission of Stardock Systems, you may not:
1.	Use the SOFTWARE for multiple user, networks or on multiple computer system applications in the absence of individual licenses with Stardock Systems.
2.	Use, copy, modify, alter or transfer, electronically or otherwise, the SOFTWARE or documentation except as expressly allowed in this agreement.
3.	Translate, reverse program, disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer the SOFTWARE.
4.	Sublicense or lease this SOFTWARE or its documentation.

Term	
This license is effective from your date of purchase and shall remain in force until terminated.  You may terminate the license and this agreement at any time by destroying the SOFTWARE and its documentation, together with all copies in any form.

Export Restrictions	
The SOFTWARE may be subject to the export controls of the United States Departments of State and Commerce and End User agrees to fully comply with all applicable U.S. export regulations governing export, destination, ultimate end user and other restrictions relating to the SOFTWARE. 

(c) 1997 Stardock Systems Inc.