General features:

Both 32 bit and 16 bit versions available!
Long filenames in Windows 95/98 and Windows NT (16 and 32-bit version)!
Direct access to Network Neighbourhood
Supports Drag & Drop with Explorer/the Desktop etc.
Command line for starting of programs with parameters, simply by typing the program name or by pressing CTRL+ENTER or CTRL+SHIFT+ENTER. 
Configurable button bar and Start menu (User-defined commands) to place your frequently used DOS or Windows programs into a drop-down menu. The actual directory and/or the file under the cursor can be delivered to the application. 
Configurable main menu. 
Built in file viewer (Lister) to view files of ANY SIZE in hex, binary or text format, using either the ASCII- (DOS) or the ANSI- (Windows) character set. The line width and font size can now be changed. You can even view files inside archives! New: Support for Unicode UTF-8 format.
Bitmap viewer in Lister, additional formats through Irfanview (see addons).
HTML- and Unicode-Viewer in Lister. 
Parallel port transfer function (direct cable connection), works between Win95/98/NT/2000/3.1 and DOS!
Thumnbails view shows preview images in file lists. 
Custom columns view allow to show additional file details.
Multi-rename tool to rename many files with specific rules, or by editing the names in a text editor
Total Commander comes in the following languages: English, German, French, Italian, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Dutch, Spanish, Czech, Russian, Polish, Hungarian, and now also Hebrew, Greek, Afrikaans, Catalan, Turkish and Ukrainian! 
The help is available in English, German and French (separately).
File handling:

Extended copying, moving, renaming and deleting of entire trees (Enables deleting "full" directories). 
Compare files by content, now with built-in text editor.
Synchronize directories (with subdirs), or a directory with a ZIP file.
Encode/Decode files in UUE, XXE and MIME format.
Split/Combine big files.
Search for duplicate files.
Show/select files with specific search pattern, size, date or contents.
Restore selection as it was before the last file operation (NUM /).
Enhanced search function with full text search in any files across multiple drives, even inside archives.
Multi-rename tool: Allows to rename multiple files in one step (Hotkey: Ctrl+M)
Overwrite dialog allows to show preview images and custom fields
Work with Windows Vista user rights model (user account protection)
FTP client:

Built-in FTP client supports most public FTP servers, and some mainframes
FTP and WWW proxies for FTP connections; new also SOCKS4+5.
FXP: Send files directly from one remote server to another.
Resume aborted downloads.
Add files to download list (through context menu) and download later. 
Download in the background (separate thread).
Secure FTP over SSL/TLS, enter the URL as follows: ftps://ftp.servername.com .
Needs OpenSSL dlls from www.openssl.org.
Archive handling:

Archives are handled like subdirectories. You can easily copy files to and from archives. The appropriate archiving program is automatically called. pkzip, arj, lha, rar, ace and uc2 are all supported. 
Built-in ZIP-compatible packer, supports long filenames! This packer is based on ZLIB by Info-Zip.
Internal unpackers for ZIP, ARJ, LZH, TAR, GZ,CAB, RAR and ACE formats. 
Additional packers can be added as plugins. See addons page.
Pack large archives in the background (separate thread).
Copy files directly from one archive to another.