more specials

11.Mother Nature's Son

Transmitted: 25.12.1992
Duration: 65 minutes
Viewing Figures: 20.1 million

At Del and Rodney are strapped for Christmas cash. To make matters worse, while Cassandra finally has her promotion, Raquel is suffering from post-natal depression.

Rodney is concerned that Del has lost his drive. When confronted, Derek explains that on top of his woes, the council have approved his application to buy their flat in Nelson Mendela House, doubling the rent. On top of that, Grandad's allotment has become a health hazard and he has to clear it.

Raquel & DamienWhile clearing the allotment Del discovers several barrels of yellow liquid. Enlisting Trigger and Denzil, they are disposed of during the night.

Finally spotting a gap in the market, Del decides to bottle tap water and sell it as Peckham Spring Water.

Back in the money both couples enjoy a romantic evening... until they see a news flash about a major water contamination, caused by Del's barrels.
-----------------------------------


12.Fatal Extraction

Transmitted: 25.12.1993
Duration: 85 minutes
Viewing Figures: 19.6 million

Raquel is worried that Santa will be too busy down the 121 Club getting drunk, to provide Damien with any presents.

Rodney raises the problem with Del, who explains he is brokering a deal to get hold of some Russian ex-military Camcorders to make ends meet over Christmas.

Rodney’s marriage is going so well that they have decided to try to have a baby. So much so he’s getting phone calls from Cassie at work, telling him to come home because she’s the right temperature.

Del & RodneyRaquel leaves Del, staying at Rodney and Cassandra’s place. Del does what any man would: Organises a date with Beverly, his dentist’s receptionist. He cancels it as soon as he comes to his senses.

A changed man, he invites Raquel back. After drunkenly starting a riot on the estate he sells the Russian gear to both the cops and the robbers.

All seems calm, but Beverly seems to be stalking Del.
----------------------------------


13.Heroes and Villains

Transmitted: 25.12.1996
Duration: 60 minutes
Viewing Figures: 21.3 million

Rodney’s fertility schedule is wearing him down. Such is Cassandra’s need to have a baby, he buys her a rabbit, Roger, to care for until a little one arrives.

Del has a shipment of Latvian alarm clocks he can’t shift and his home improvement grant has been rejected.

Del receives his medalIt’s Rodders’ birthday, and Del buys him a cheap gold bracelet inscribed ‘Rooney’. Finding themselves on a rare boys night out, they dress up as Batman and Robin for a fancy dress party held for a local publican. En route, they prevent Councillor Murray from being mugged.

They arrive at the party, to discover it’s actually a wake, and that ‘fancy dress’ meant ‘dress well’.

The following day Del is awarded a bravery medal for tackling another mugger, and Cassandra has good news: She's pregnant.
-------------------------------------


14.Modern Men

Transmitted: 27.12.1996
Duration: 60 minutes
Viewing Figures: 21.3 million

Del is reading a book called ‘Modern Man’.

Despite being convinced he is the dictionary definition of debonair masculinity, the book is making him behave irrationally and rashly.

Rodney is concerned about this. Cassandra is expecting, and he wants more responsibility and a better job to provide for his family. He unwittingly replies for a job advertisement, posted by Del to alleviate Rodney’s workload.

Del & RaquelDel, meanwhile, has decided to take his manhood into his own hands and get a vasectomy. Doctor Singh is hounding him regarding dodgy paint, and the nightmare of him getting revenge on Del’s crown jewels puts him off the idea.

Cassandra is rushed into hospital, suffering a miscarriage. Rodney breaks down, and it’s Del who tells him he has to be strong for his wife. Del then blubs his eyes out, as Rodney supports his wife.
-------------------------------------