. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................



[color=blue][size=5][b]Housos.S01.DVDRip+Extras.XviD.Une-CM8[/b][/size][/color]


[b]CM8 Doing It Right The First Time :D

Source: OWN


[url]http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2103538/[/url]


Plot:

The series is a satirical parody of Australian residents, who are living in Housing Commission public housing. 

From the creator of Fat Pizza and Swift & Shift Couriers, Pauly Fenech, the assassin of political correctness, does to bogans what Kath and Kim did to lower, middle-class Australia. Housos is a fashion statement from Australias dodgiest suburbs; thongs, hoodies and Ugg boots will transport you to a world where self-medicating, poorly educated stooges are not only the norm, theyre a fact of life. They may be trashy but they are literally as thick as thieves. With the best of the Fat Pizza and Swift & Shift Couriers ensemble Housos brings the real face of Australias suburban underbelly to life.

Housos tells the not-so-epic stories of Shazza, Dazza, Franky and Kylie - four best mates from down on the block. Sure, they drink away their problems, they might even have frequent domestics but down on the block it's all for one and one for all. Follow the adventures of the residents of the Sunnyvale Housing Commission in every-town Australia. They battle cops and they scam Centerlink, they even have the occasional threesome and swingers party, but once your down with the crew in the hood then it's " Sunnyvale for life".

Episode 1: Disability
The Housos scheme to get on the disability pension. Shazza and Kylie have a girls night out, Franky buys a car instead of stealing one and much to the shock of everyone in Sunnyvale Beryl attempts pole dancing.

Episode 2: Pregnant
Shazza is about to give birth but she cant get an ambulance. Dazza tries to get her to the hospital by train, taxi and even  a wheelbarrow. Angry bus drivers, closed hospitals and road raging drivers make Shazzas birth the biggest pre-natal drama since the birth of Jesus.

Episode 3: Melbourne
Franky wins a chopper in a tough man competition but he and Kylie break up after an argument about the colour of it. Not thinking clearly Franky takes a road trip to Melbourne to visit his brother, Dino. Swinger parties, Crystal, old grudges and dodgy relatives from Melbourne make this the houso road trip from hell.

Episode 4: Green Day
Franky, Kev and Dazza all need money to keep their de factos off their backs; Dazza tries car jacking while Kev and Franky join Habib in a dodgy insulation scheme. In a strange twist of fate the apartment thats being insulated is the Mayor of Sunnyvales. The not-so-environmentally friendly episode of Housos.

Episode 5: Thailand Part One
Wazza owes money to the bikies and Dazza needs bail money. Shazza decides to help them by making money working for the bikies, her first job? Delivering a boogie board full of illegal steroids to Asia.

Episode 6: Thailand Part Two
The Housos are in Asia trying to smuggle illegal steroids inside a boogie board. Before they can deliver the goods they are captured by jungle terrorists and are held for ransom. Can the Housos get home to Sunnyvale?

Episode 7: Foxtel
The Sunnyvale Assassins are selling dodgy pay TV boxes, Shazza and Kylie want one desperately so they force Dazza and Franky to get jobs. After a string of failed money making attempts the Housos find out how hard real work can be. Franky decides he would sell his cousin to get hold of free Foxtel. And so he does.

Episode 8: Uncle Doug
Franky desperately needs a jumping castle for his son Anarchys first birthday. He doesnt know where to steal one so he asks Dazzas Uncle Doug (Andy McPhee). Doug is fresh out of jail after 29 years. Stolen cop cars and x-rated jumping castles make this a Houso party you dont want to miss.

Episode 9: Birthday
It's Dazzas birthday and everybody helps out in their own way. Shazza steals a pie cake, Franky steals a fire truck and while stealing a council car the Housos discover documents showing the Mayor wants to move the community into the bush so she can build townhouses. Is this the end of the Sunnyvale Housos?


Cast:

Paul Fenech	... 	Franky 
Ian Turpie	... 	Wazza Jones 
Jason Davis	... 	Dazza 
Elle Dawe	... 	Shazza 
Kevin Taumata	... 	Kev 
Kiri Schmitt	... 	Kylie 





Greetz

ViSiON,SPK,SiC,SANTi,3LT0N,FUSiON,YanKeeS,MAGNET,THC,T0XiC,LKRG,Feel-Free,FLAWL3SS,
WBZ,ZMG,BHRG,NOVA,D2U,Vik,Rapeseed,SAFC,goldadvance,MEMORY100,KaN1vE,Unevano,Pinnz,Wayne
Mr Hive,and most P2P groups
Great Work Guys :D


LOOKING FOR ANYTHING YOU WANT TO LOOK AND SOUND BETTER

CM8@hushmail.com[/b]