Dracula 1931 Spanish Version Eng Hard Subs xvid mp3 dvd rip

Movie Size: 700.01 MB  or  716,806 kB
Movie Length: 99 mins, 2 secs.
Video Codec: XviD MPEG-4
Video Width x Height: 560 x 416
Video FPS/Bitrate: 25.000 / 863 kbit/s
Audio Codec: MPEG Layer 3
Audio Bitrate: 102 Kbit/s
Audio Channels: 2 (Stereo)
Audio Samples: 48,000 Hz

THE ENGLISH SUBS ARE HARD-CODED. THEY ARE DIALOGUE AND
PROMPTS FOR HEARING-IMPAIRED. THAT IS THE ONLY ENGLISH
SUBTITLE AVAILABLE ON THE UNIVERSAL LEGEND DVD.

Of the cast, only Carlos Villarías was permitted to see rushes
of the English-language film starring Bela Lugosi and was
encouraged to imitate the other man's performance.

In recent years this version has become more highly praised by
some than the English-language version. The Spanish crew had
the advantage of watching the dailies from the English crew's
version when they came in for the evening and they would figure
out better camera angles and more effective use of lighting in
an attempt to "top" it. As a result, this version's supporters
consider it to be much more artistically effective.

The Spanish semiologist Roman Gubern considers that the longer
duration allows better development of the plot in spite of the
shortened shooting time and smaller budget.

**********

How is this film related to the other 1931 version, starring Bela Lugosi?

This was filmed by the same studio (Universal), using the same sets,
costumes, props and equipment, but a different cast and crew.

They were shot simultaneously, with the English version being filmed
during the day, and the Spanish version filmed at night.

**********

What are the main differences between this and the other 1931
version, starring Bela Lugosi?

The biggest difference is that this version was filmed in Spanish, for
Spanish-speaking audiences.

The story is identical, and most of the film is scene-for-scene and
word-for-word (translated). However, there is extra dialogue in this
version, making it a longer film.

The cast is also different. Carlos Villarias replaced Lugosi in the title role.
The Spanish version has been noted for being more elaborate in style: there is
more camera movement, and some scenes are more dramatic and exaggerated than in
the English version.

**********

This Spanish-language version runs nearly a half-hour longer than
the English-language version that was being shot during the day.

Director George Melford did not speak or understand Spanish.

Although this version was shot in Spanish, it became a mixture of dialects since
the cast came from Mexico, Spain, Central and South America.

For decades, the only surviving print, while in mint condition, was missing several
minutes worth of material that encompassed Renfield's seduction by the Dracula's
brides and the voyage to England. The "lost" reel was eventually located in Cuba, and
has been restored to complete the film as much as possible. Though much more worn
and aged than the rest of the film, the additional footage differs strikingly from
the English-language version, probably more so than any other part of the film.

This Spanish-language version was filmed on the same sets and at the same time as
the English-language, Bela Lugosi version. The English-language version was filmed
during the day, and the Spanish-language version was filmed at night.

Like Bela Lugosi in the English version of Dracula (1931), Carlos Villarías wore
a hair-piece that gave him a pronounced widow's peak. But unlike Lugosi, the toupee
didn't rest well and is rather obvious in some shots.

THIS IS MY OWN DVD RIP AND ENCODE.