THE EROTIC ADVENTURES OF ZORRO
 
http://img213.imageshack.us/img213/2755/poster2020the20erotic20.jpg

.: Details :.

Title: The Erotic Adventures of Zorro
Country: France, USA, West Germany
Year: 1972
Genre: Action, Adventure, Erotic
Director: Robert Freeman
Cast: Douglas Frey, Robyn Whitting, Penny Boran, Jude Farese, John Alderman

.: Plot :.

Luis Bonasario is collecting taxes and the villagers are complaining that they don’t have the money. The next thing you know a guy gets killed and Don Alejandro de Vega’s father is lamenting how terrible the living conditions have gotten in Los Angeles and that Bonasario needs to be dealt with Don Alejandro’s son is in Spain training at a military academy and is the best horse rider and swordsman he knows. A letter is quickly dispatched to Don Diego in Spain and he immediately sets about coming home to help his father and the villagers out, but not before having a going away orgy! That’s the least his buddies could do for him since he’s going to be playing a homosexual once he gets back home!
Don Diego arrives in Los Angeles and is told about the tyrannical rule of Bonasario. Diego immediately comes up with a plan on how to deal with the Alcalde.
He turns himself into a fop, riding a donkey and carrying a white parasol with him wherever he goes. As Zorro he rescues two young women who were taken prisoner on tax day.
Zorro challenges Esteban to a duel the following day by Don Diego shows up instead and Esteban puts two and two together and figures out they are one and the same person. The two have a sword fight ending with Esteban receiving a shoulder wound and saying he’ll never be able to fight again. Zorro tells him he’ll be alright and it’s better to be a lover than a fighter.
Between encounter with Bonasario’s soldiers our fearless hero has several sexual encounters before ridding the pueblo of the evil tyrant and returning it to it’s sleepy village status.

An "adults only" retelling of the legend of Zorro.