From Kink.com     (The Training of O)  + Pics



Let us all take a moment to be thankful…. that we are not in atoms shoes. 

Trainee atom made a promise to The Pope in order to be chosen for training over the competition. She promised she would be the most obedient. The Pope will test her and make sure she is true to her word by pushing her through every fear that she has. 

Heights: atom is strapped into a harness, a vibe placed in her hand, and is hauled up towards the Armorys 80 ft ceiling. If that was not enough, atom has a crowd watching as her vulnerable naked flesh is strung up in the air and left to spin like an aerial ballerina. Within the first 5 feet atom begins to show signs of stress. By 40 feet she is sobbing and pleading, but the Pope has his finger on the lift button and says there is no coming down until she cums in front of an audience like a little circus slut. True to her word, atom pushes through the fear and begs the crowd to cum so hard she is left trembling and contorting in empty space. 

Drowning: The Pope has a little trick called dry drowning he saves for sluts like atom. Her gorgeous body is strapped down at an angle, a canvas bag is placed over her pretty face, leaving her like meat on the slab. She is used to having her good looks and flirtatious ways to get her out of sticky situations, but not this time. A little splash of water from the bucket and she is fighting to pull a breath from the wet cloth wrapped around her face. She is already shaken from the suspension and this exercise floors her. After struggling, fighting, and begging, the last scraps of her will carry her through to an intense and well earned orgasm. 

The Dark: By this time atoms hot body is spent from stress, her pussy over worked and sensitive, but the Pope is not done with her. Into the box she goes, to sit in the dark with all the mind fucks and bad dreams she has endured so far. And then she feels a poke, a light caress of something cold and hard: the cattle prod. Scrambling in the dark with no sense of where she can go to hide, atom must make it through her final test. To submit to the cattle prod. No less, to beg for it...


Screens  http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=15781


Cheerz  :-)