
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                         .the leading force.

                           proudly presents
             Dungeon Defenders (c) Trendy Entertainment


 19-10-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...............Steam
 Action/RPG...........Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD


 RELEASE NOTES


Dungeon Defenders is a Tower Defense Action-RPG where you must save the
land of Etheria from an Ancient Evil! Create a hero from one of four
distinct classes to fight back wave after wave of enemies by summoning
defenses and directly participating in the action-packed combat!

Customize and level your character, forge equipment, gather loot,
collect pets and more! Take your hero through multiple difficulty modes
and challenge/survival missions to earn more experience & even better
treasure. Join your friends with 4-player online and local
(splitscreen) co-op to plan your strategies together or compete in PvP
Deathmatch.

Features:

4-player Online and Local Co-Op - Team-up with up to 3 friends to
defend cooperatively, with character classes that support each other's
strengths and weaknesses. Dynamically combine local (splitscreen) and
online players and leave/join any time, so that the game s always full.

Tower-Defense Meets Action-RPG - Choose your class, customize your
character & equipment, strategically assemble your defenses, and
participate directly in action-packed battle to preserve your castle
against the invading horde!

4 Distinct Character Classes - Each character class has a different
skill tree, set of towers, and even basic attacks! You can choose if
you want to play stealthy, turn invisible, and plant traps behind enemy
lines with the Huntress or go all out, block off choke points, and
brutally beat your foes into submission with the Squire!

Loot and Level-Up - Grab the mounds of money and items that your
defeated foes drop and trade them or store them for later use in your
Item Box! Getting kills and completing waves earns you experience
points, which can be used to upgrade your characters, skills,
equipment, and towers on a per-statistic basis. Do you want to enhance
Hit Points, Attack Rate, Damage, etc? The choice is yours... Store your
massive overflow of money in the 'Mana Bank' and then spend it to
improve your equipment or trade with other players. Proudly show off
your best equipment in your own 'Adventurer s Tavern', without fear of
item theft!

Tons of Enemies and Huge Boss Fights - Over 100 simultaneous enemies
will attempt to tear through your defenses and gigantic Boss Monsters
will appear to rain down havoc upon everyone. Only by employing the
most effective defensive strategies, teamwork, and strong characters
will you defeat such devilish foes! Many enemy types run the gamut from
big dumb Orcs swinging huge axes, to lithe Dark Elves that strike from
the shadows, to crazy kamikaze goblins! Can you defeat the epic boss
battles and collect the special loot while still defending your
crystals?

Mission & Game Play Variety - Each level has a different visual
setting, layout, enemy types, traps, and distinct surprises. To collect
all the loot and reach the highest levels you must take your character
through 4 difficulty modes, survival missions, challenge maps, and
more! Some maps force you to have mobile defenses, guarding a crystal
which warps around the map. Others have YOU attacking enemy
encampments!

Collect and Trade Pets Online - A variety of pets exist to assist you
in the land of Etheria, each with distinct behaviors. These pets can be
leveled-up and customized to match your unique play-style. They can
even be traded online with other players!

Secure Trading System - Afraid another player won't live up to their
word? Use our secure trading system to trade your precious weapons,
armor, and pets with other players online! Watch your name and fame
spread online, as people seek out the best pet raisers or item forgers!

A Mountain of Stats - Every shot you take, kill you make, and defense
you build is logged and recorded for posterity. Pore over the
voluminous charts and graphs at the end of each session to analyze your
team's performance, quickly review your best statistics for each level,
and compare your data online with other players to see who is the
greatest hero of all. Furthermore, your Achievements are visible for
all to see within your very own Adventurer's Tavern, and the highest
scores for each of your heroes are ranked on the worldwide
leaderboards!


 INSTALL NOTES


1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


 GREETINGS


To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

Screens: 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/d27deb154746033 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/b76a42154746084 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/16e7cb154746108 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/ca9be5154746143