
Release: The Hunters [Robert Mitchum] (1958) DVDRip Oldies
Title in Brazil: Raposa do Espaço
Uploader:	labok
Size: 1,09 GB
Genre: Action / Drama / Romance
Language: English
Runtime: 108 mins
Resolução: 672 x 288
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: Pt Br
Audio Codec: AC-3
Taxa de Biltrate: 192 Kbps 
IMDB Rating: 6,3 (awaiting 586 votes)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051750/
Directed By: Dick Powell

Starring:  

Robert Mitchum ... Major Cleve Saville 
Robert Wagner ... Lt. Ed Pell 
Richard Egan ... Colonel Dutch Imil 
May Britt ... Kristina 'Kris' Abbott 
Lee Philips ... 1st Lt. Carl Abbott 
John Gabriel ... 1st Lt. Corona 
Stacy Harris ... Col. Monk Moncavage 
Victor Sen Yung ... Korean Farmer 
Candace Lee ... Korean Child 

Synopis: 

During the Korean War, a World War II veteran fighter pilot (Robert Mitchum) joins an F-86 squadron in South Korea. Major Saville's indoctrination training is quite short, and he is soon leading elements of F-86s into combat against North Korean MIGs. In addition to the confident protagonist, Saville, the squadron is composed of a motley group of pilots, including a young hotshot "top-gun," Lieutenant Pell (Robert Wagner), and an alcoholic, Lieutenant Abbott (Lee Philips). The lead antagonist in the air is Casey Jones (Leon Lontoc), a North Korean ace who is shooting down many of the U.S. F-86s.
On the ground between aerial missions, Major Saville meets Kristina (May Britt), the wife of the troubled Lieutenant Abbott, and the two find their mutual attraction nearly irresistable.
The flying was filmed over the southwest United States, much of it in the vicinity of towering cumulus clouds, thereby adding to the sensation of speed. Real jet planes were used almost exclusively, with very limited employment of models. A great film if you enjoy watching high-speed aircraft. 

Sinopse Pt Br:

Com suas cenas eletrizantes de batalhas aéreas e elenco de alta categoria, Raposa do Espaço é um filme imperdível baseado no livro de sucesso do veterano piloto aviador James Salter. Ambientada no auge da Guerra da Coréia, a história tem como elemento principal o Mjor Cleve Saville (Robert Mitchum), um mestre na pilotagem dos recém-lançados caçasF-86 Sabre. Mas apesar de sua perícia como piloto, a vida pessoal de Saville mergulha rapidamente para um choque com o solo quando ele se apaixona pela linda esposa (May Britt) de seu companheiro de esquadrillha (Lee Philips). Para piorar as coisas, Saville tem que agüentar um novato respondão (Robert Wagner) em uma perigosa missão de resgate que ameaça a vida de todos neste bem-elaborado drama de guerra.

