4Videosoft AVI Video Converter 3.3.22 Portable

4Videosoft AVI Video Converter is the most professional AVI Video Converter to convert any formats like MP4, FLV to AVI, H.264 AVI (.avi), DivX(.avi), XviD(.avi) video, or extract audio from AVI and other video formats to AAC, AC3, MP3, M4A, MP2, WAV audio with super speed and excellent quality. Then you can easily enjoy your video on BlackBerry, Archos, Creative Zen, iRiver, PSP, PS3, Wii, Xbox, etc

4Videosoft AVI Video Converter has powerful editing functions: trim video, crop video, watermark video, set the aspect ratio and take snapshot. More specific parameters of output settings are available for you to get the fittest effect for your players.

* Convert any video to AVI, AAC, AC3, MP3, M4A, MP2, WAV
* Support all the AVI players
* Do watermarking by adding image or text title in personality
*Support selecting audio tracks and subtitle to be converted for the target video

Convert all the popular video and audio formats to AVI MP3
4Videosoft AVI Video Converter can convert all the regular formats to AVI, H.264 AVI (.avi), DivX(.avi), XviD(.avi) video and AAC, AC3, MP3, M4A, MP2, WAV audio for the portable players.

Video Splitter
4Videosoft AVI Video Converter allows you to get any clips from your video sources. You can get it by set the exact time or just drag the slider bar.

Video Cropper
4Videosoft AVI Video Converter allows you to crop video and adjust the output aspect ratio to get the perfect playing effect.
Video Joiner
Merge your selected video files into one file after conversion for you to enjoy successively.

Support preview and adjust video effect
You can preview the original video and output video effect at the same time and adjust the video effects by modifying the video Contrast, Brightness, Saturation.

Convert to one or more output formats
Support converting source file(s) to more than one format respectively. If you want to output file in only one format just click Apply to all.

Easy to use
4Videosoft AVI Video Converter is absolutely easy to use. The whole process of conversion can be finished in few clicks.
Set all the parameters
All the parameters of profile can be provided for you to choose the exact settings for your players with the assistance of AVI Video Converter.
Adjust Video Settings: Encoder, Resolution, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate
Adjust Audio Settings: Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate
Input you want Video Resolution parameter in the form of Width(pixels)*Height(pixels), all those parameters can be saved as user defined profile for your future use.
Support Deinterlacing effectively
Deinterlacing can be done to improve the video quality by converting interlacing video to the opposite of it - progressive video(picture quality more clearly).
Watermark function
Do watermarking by adding image or text title to individualize your video.
Subtitle and audio track
Support selecting audio tracks and subtitle to be converted for the target video
Fastest conversion speed
Provide the fastest conversion speed (>300%), completely support dual core CPU.

Why choose 4Videosoft AVI Video Converter?
4Videosoft AVI Video Converter is possessed of strong converting and editing functions.
4Videosoft AVI Video Converter is really easy to operate associated with fastest conversion speed.
Once you buy it, you can free upgrade it for the whole life.
4Videosoft Studio provides you 7*24 online email support service for you to solve the puzzles you encountered immediately.

What's new in 4Videosoft AVI Video Converter?
Adopt the NVIDIA® CUDA™ technology to offer you 6X faster converting speed than ever before
Audio and video in sync with high quality
Successfully load videos
Speeding up file parsing processes
Improving the decoding of MKV files

Home page - http://www.4videosoft.com