The entire third series of John Sullivan´s popular comedy, featuring the wheeling and dealing of Del and Rodney Trotter on the streets of Peckham.

Homesick: Lugging the shopping up those 12 flights of stairs is proving too much for Grandad, so the doctor recommends a new council bungalow for the Trotter dynasty. Over to Rodney, the new chairman of the housing committee...

Healthy Competition: Rodney´s decided to go it alone and leave Peckham´s own multinational conglomerate - Trotter´s Independent Trading. By the end of the week he´s already cornered the market in used lawn mower engines and with Mickey Pearce as his Financial Director, the sky´s the limit...

Friday The 14th: Del, Rodney and Grandad are Cornwall-bound to Boycie´s cottage and a spot of salmon poaching. Should be a doddle of a weekend´s jolly, if you leave out the bit about the mad-axe-salmon-fisherman-killer who´s just escaped from the local institute, that is...

Yesterday Never Comes: Del´s into art dealing in a big way, especially when it involves a ´posh tart´ like the glamorous Miranda. Has she really been wooed by his tequila sunsets or are her motives rather more mercenary...?

May The Force Be With You: A ripple of panic runs through the Nag´s Head. Del´s old school enemy Slater is back in town, hell bent on revenge and brandishing his police badge...

Wanted: Watch out! Peckham Pouncer´s about! Alias Rodney Trotter...? Surely there must be some mistake? Try telling that to Rodders, London´s most wanted criminal...

Who´s A Pretty Boy?: Move over Leonardo! The Trotter decorating business is on the roll again. This time they´re just doing a favour for Denzil. Their instructions are simple enough: don´t eat the fruit or turn on the TV and stay out of the kitchen. So what´s happened to Busby, the canary?

Thicker Than Water: ´Tis certainly the season to be jolly and it´s Grand Marnier and grapefruit all round when Del and Rodney´s dad comes back to the fold after 18 years. Until he begins to cast doubt on Del´s filial integrity, that is...