PBS Frontline - From Jesus to Christ - the First Christians (2000)

Typical episode

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1076kbps 
Duration.............: 53:24.366
Resolution...........: 600*450 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 224 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 525,751,116 
 
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/religion/
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0183094/
 
http://bayimg.com/paGJcAadi
 
http://www.allmovie.com/work/frontline-from-jesus-to-christ-the-first-christians-part-iii-235046

Note - The following synopsis is from allmovie.com. There is also apparently some disputation of the accuracy of this series from evangelical sources, so I have included that to be fair. I am not a Christian scholar, so I cannot say if the complaint is valid.



Plot Synopsis
The crucifixion and resurrection transformed the religious and political leader Jesus into the redeeming figure of Christ. As God in man, Jesus foretold this transformation when He said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." This four-part series chronicles the process by which a small, fringe cult took hold first in the Roman Empire, and then spread throughout the world to become the religion of millions of people. 

The first episode examines the life of Jesus, who lived as an ordinary man for three decades, and then follows the events of his three-year ministry that culminated in his prophesied betrayal, death, and resurrection. Biblical scholars, archaeologists, and historians share their knowledge about the life of Jesus, with new evidence and insights about his life and works.

The second episode examines the final events in the life of Jesus, with new evidence about his betrayal in the Garden of Gethsemane, his trial and ordeal, and his burial site. Experts from a number of disciplines, from archeology to theology, offer their insights on this crucial event in world history.

The third episode examines the events that took place after the death of Jesus. When his followers set out to spread the gospel of redemption, they met with opposition, persecution and death. As Christianity gained strength, it came under increasing attack from the predominant Jewish hierarchy. Those events, as well as the First and Second Revolts by the Jews against Rome, are examined for the role they played in aiding the advancement of Christianity.

The final episode examines the development of Christianity into the dominant religious force in the Roman Empire, a process which took 300 years. Biblical scholars, historians, and archaeologists share their knowledge and insights on the phenomenal progress of Christianity from its obscure beginnings into a predominant religious force in the region and then the world.

--------- 
http://www.christiananswers.net/q-eden/edn-t021.html

America's PBS television (Public Broadcasting System - viewer and tax supported) is currently broadcasting a seductive, but dangerously inaccurate film series about Jesus Christ and the early church. The series is part of the FRONTLINE program and is entitled "From Jesus to Christ, the First Christians."[1]

The series was developed by a producer who appears to enjoy using his position to promote left-wing, liberal beliefs.[2] He promises to reveal "the real story of the rise of Christianity… challenging and upsetting conventional ideas." One of the scholars used in the series is the liberal Jesus Seminar co-founder John Dominic Crossan[3], [4]. The series also heavily promotes their PBS Web site on this subject, which among other things promotes: "Writings from, and about, the Jesus Seminar, the controversial group of scholars which meets and determines, by vote, the veracity of stories and texts about Jesus."

It is worthy of note that no evangelical scholars were used in the series. Rather, the emphasis was on people from such liberal institutions as Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Duke, Brown, Union, etc. According to Craig Blomberg of Denver Seminary, the series "does not acknowledge distinctively evangelical perspectives at any point."[5]

Pam Johnson of World Magazine reports, "Biblical Christians will hardly recognize their Savior. Professors Michael White, Allen Callahan, Shaye Cohen, Eric Meyers, Paula Fredriksen, Holland Hendrix and Mr. Crossan paint a picture of Jesus as a wheeling, dealing artisan-turned-follower-of-John-the Baptist-turned-preacher—complete with the standard-issue bag of miracles that sometimes 'miss the mark.' His message was '100 percent political and 100 percent religious,' which led the Romans—not the priests and Pharisees—to want Jesus crucified for insurrection. …They blow Peter and Paul's disagreement over dietary concerns into a power struggle that was decided in favor of Peter by a pecunious, ham-fisted James (and Paul goes off in a huff to proselytize the Gentiles.)"[6]

After viewing the first episode, I have to agree. And its gets worse. In summary, this series is based on inaccurate assumptions and cleverly promotes the beliefs of a carefully chosen group of liberal scholars. If you choose to watch this series, be aware of this, and be sure to take the time to learn the rest of the story.

REFERENCES

William Cran, director, Frontline: From Jesus to Christ, the First Christians (PBS - WGBH Boston/WTVS Detroit/WPBT Miami/WNET New York/KCTS Seattle, Broadcast April 6-7, 1998).

Laurence Jarvik, PBS, Behind the Screen (Prima Publishing, 1998), 368 pp.
John Dominic Crossan, Jesus: A Revolutionary Biography (San Francisco: Harper San Francisco, 1995), 224 pp.

William F. Buckley, Jr., et al, Will the Real Jesus Please Stand Up! The Jesus Seminar's Dr. John Dominic Crossan vs. Dr. William Lane Craig (Turner-Welninski Publishing, 1995).

Steve Rabey, "Series Examines Christian Origins," Christianity Today magazine (April 6, 1998).

Pam Johnson, "The PBS Jesus Seminar: Special Easter show tries to undermine Christ," World Magazine (April 4, 1998), p. 23.