Ducktails
Ducktails III:
Arcade Dynamics (2011)

Ducktails is the solo side project of Matthew Mondanile, a member of Ridgewood, NJ-based indie beach bums Real Estate. While not too dissimilar in tone from the sun-kissed pop of his main squeeze, Mondanile's work as Ducktails presents a more fragmented, mercurial version of the Garden State of mind. More synthetic, too, than Real Estate, Ducktails is all burbling analog synths, bedroom processing, and sunburnt soundscapes. The end effect acts as a sort of bleary aural Polaroid taken at a backyard party Real Estate just finished playing. Mondanile's output under the Ducktails moniker has been prolific and perhaps a tad illusory; he has released numerous ultra-rare cassettes and CD-Rs, a pair of 7"s, and a pair of "official" LPs (a self-titled album on Not Not Fun and Landscapes on Olde English Spelling Bee, both in 2009). In addition to playing in several other projects, including Predator Vision and the Parasails, Mondanile released a split with Dracula Lewis in 2010, before releasing Ducktails III: Arcade Dynamics, in 2011. The album took a more bare-bones approach, and marked a notable change in style for Ducktails.

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Psychedelic Pop		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

If you don’t count his dozens of cassette releases, Ducktails III: Arcade Dynamics is Matthew Mondanile's third proper album, but the mention of "arcade" in the album title might be deceiving. Instead of continuing in the synthesized chillwave tradition of Landscapes, for this release the Real Estate guitarist takes a step back from electronics, and records conventional two- or three-chord lo-fi pop songs to 8-track with organic instruments. Guitars are in the foreground, along with a traditional bass and drum setup. This is a pretty radical departure for Ducktails. Dimestore keyboards and Casio beats are left by the wayside to make the music comparable to that of Kurt Vile or a Calvin Johnson side project (take your pick, add delay and flanger pedals, and you have the idea). There were hints of this direction on prior albums, and now, the song structures have been consolidated into tight little numbers played in a washed-out basement vibe, complete with slap-back vocals. Characteristically, Mondanile's outings have a sketchpad feel to them, and there are quite a few half-finished ideas onboard, including a dreamy ten-minute outro of simple fingerpicking to the echoes of faraway fireworks. However, a few standouts bring Arcade Dynamics to life, namely the sweet, Seinfeld-referencing “Art Vandelay” and “Killin the Vibe,” which finds the likely cohort Panda Bear providing a backbeat and warm vocal harmonies.

01.In The Swing
02.Hamilton Road
03.Sprinter
04.The Razor's Edge
05.Sunset Liner (For E. Young)
06.Little Window
07.Killin' The Vibe
08.Arcade Shift
09.Don't Make Plans
10.Art Vandelay
11.Porch Projector


Cheers!