Slutty and Sluttier 15 (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/3002700D15_Slutty_and_Sluttier_15_dvd.htm

Studio  Evil Angel Ea-Productions 
Release Date  Oct 11, 2011 
Category Gonzo
Director Manuel Ferrara
Starring Bobbi Starr, Shazia Sahari, Kortney Kane, Jynx Maze, Toni Ribas, Karlo Karrera, Manuel Ferrara

Director/stud Manuel Ferrara explores the irresistible power of the promiscuous in his long-running “Slutty & Sluttier” series, and the new “Slutty & Sluttier 15” delivers four vignettes of complete and utter nastiness featuring some of the XXX industry’s boldest, most insatiable whores. First, businessman Toni Ribas arrives home to find a camcorder with a note from his wife, bodacious brunette Bobbi Starr. Viewing the tape she left, he watches his gorgeous lady masturbate with a huge toy. Excitement turns to horror, however, when Bobbi reveals another man... who proceeds to fuck her ass on the video! Bobbi explains that’s it’s all been a scheme to drive her inattentive hubby insane with jealousy. How will Toni respond? Next, exotic Shazia Sahari poses in a ball gag and red fishnets, then has an intimate session with Manuel, swallowing his fat cock in the shower and riding him in every position. The kinky Arab beauty gets fingered until she squirts in ecstasy. Rich, bitchy Kortney Kane orders her servant around like a slave while he secretly pines for his employer’s tits and sexy ass. Then the lust-struck personal assistant gets to turn the tables; he manhandles her round boobs and uses his big dick to unleash class warfare upon Kortney’s haughty mouth and shaved cunt. She sucks out a hot load of cum. Lastly, adorable, all-natural Jynx Maze soaks in the swimming pool, teasing and then blowing Manuel... under water! In the bedroom, Jynx enjoys an extreme anal reaming, ass gape therapy and a huge cum facial. Just when one of these amazing chicks proves slutty, another is even sluttier


Quality: DVDRip
Video Format: MP4
Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 720x480 (16:9) 29.970fps 1500kbps
Audio: AAC 48000Hz stereo 96kbps


