 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1224153/


Starring Benno Fürmann, Nina Hoss and Hilmi Sözer


in German with optional English subtitles included in SRT folder

720 X 480 video at fully 1100k video bitrate from NTSC DVD, converted using
DivX author with 224k audio (fully 448k was available on the DVD)
English SRT subtitles extracted from DVD into UTF-8 SRT format


This movie from Germany is truly beautiful in some respects - I felt completely
captivated from beginning to end with the supreme human spirit and intelligence
of Nina Hoss mainly, and her lover Mr. Benno Fürmann who comes to her as saviour
ultimately perhaps.

The Germans display human warmth and humanistic intelligence that none can 
claim equally - except for the brilliance of French wisdom too perhaps now
and then. And in fact nothing of British has brilliance to any extent that
it lacks validity of native Germanic intelligence at source, I submit.

This movie does have a happy ending, however there is an unforgivable moment
for the planet that makes such movies, and for the actors who allow for such
scenes as to see a woman of this human supreme beauty physically assaulted
by a man who isn’t taken down for it by those present and in attendance.
Oh well, we have to make for a better world where no one is second guessed
so easily as I have no hesitation in doing in respect of what are my own
instincts of showing care and protectiveness towards kin, and our womenfolk
most of all.


There are some parallels to the movie Absurdistan in showing the grave
incompatibilities between eastern cultured mindsets (such as Turkey
in this example) and those of the best of Western mankind - Germanic beauty
intelligence and wit.


The Turkish man in the movie describes his relationship to his German
Frau as "bought" and he doesn’t hesitate to treat her this way. How very
cruel indeed that anyone should find themselves in such circumstances
when nothing should prevent merited people from surviving and choosing
to thrive in sanity instead.

The EU has some difficult decisions head, and it is most of all my hope and
prayer that Germany will survive with its spirit intact - free of any influences that would tear it apart at the core.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo












