
Just Install !!!!!

Brought To You By blaze69


* Ashampoo Photo Commander 9

The all-in-one software for your photo collection
Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 offers you the perfect mix of features to manage, edit, present and optimize your digital pictures.
The program provides you with a quick and straightforward management of your photo collection including options to create groups, tag pictures and put together virtual picture albums. Assign for example the name of your last travel destination (tagging) to your holiday pictures. This way you can later find all pictures you took at that destination very fast.

Be creative and edit your digital pictures according to your wishes. Optimize photos with one click, remove red eyes or use different effects, like color changes, for your image editing. Turn your most beautiful images into oil paintings, create a calendar with your own pictures or a personal invitation with a funny picture of the last party.

Of course, Version 9 of the Ashampoo Photo Commander offers lots of new features and improvements. Among other features there is the new dual-view modefor the comparison of an original picture and that picture while editing. Additionally, the optimization tools and video functions were improved, new effects were added and lots more.
When handling your digital pictures you’ll never want to do without Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 again.

More fun with your digital pictures
Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 is the ideal companion for all management, optimization and editing processes concerning your digital photos. The miniature view in the user interface allows you to get an overview of your photo collection or rather photos in a folder. Of course, you can also sort your photos according to date and time when the photo was taken (“calendar overview”) or you can filter the photos according to different criteria, e.g. only .jpg files, not older than two month or tagged with a certain term.

Not only pictures, but also audio and video collections are neatly displayed. Photos can be grouped differently or compiled in a virtual album for further editing. Batch processing allows you to select several pictures for editing, e.g. convert them into a different format.

The editing and quick-fix modes in Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 are designed clearly and intuitively so that you can give free rein to your creativity and experiment with effects and functions. It’s easy to rotate pictures, adjust horizontal nonalignment, crop images, remove red eyes and lots more. With just a click photos can be optimized or changed using effects, e.g. inversion, pixelization or outlining of contours.

Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 also offers you several cool features to present your photos. Create for example a slideshow or an HTML album in order to show your photos to family and friends. Collages as well as greeting cards or calendars are easily produced in next to no time.

Moreover, Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 enables you to make screenshots, scan images as well as print photos, send them by e-mail or burn them on a disc.
New features and improvements
Version 9 of the Ashampoo Photo Commander comes with many new features and improvements. The new grouping functions provide better overview and management of photos. The dual-view mode enables the direct comparison between original and edited photo. With the help of the IPTC wizard it’s easy to index pictures with terms (tagging) so that they can be filtered and grouped by those terms. Several new editing tools, functions and effects for photos and videos as well as extensive improvements make the editing, optimization and organization of your digital pictures as well as the handling of audio- and video files even easier.
New features and improvements in detail

    Extended interface
    Improved overview of miniatures with grouping functions
    During import, photos can be automatically placed into subfolders that are created based on the “date taken” (EXIF data) information
    Tagging and improved IPTC support
    Virtual albums are imported and exported quickly and easily
    M3U and MFAList files are automatically imported as albums
    Improved quick-fix mode with automatic “red eye” detection, improved eraser tool and lots more
    Dual-view mode for the comparison of photos during editing
    New miniature effect for the transformation of photo objects to look like miniatures
    New sharpen and blur effect techniques that can be used in different areas of the program
    New improved editing mode with objects
    Improved playback of videos, especially for videos with the HD MPEG4 file format
    Video files can be easily rotated during playback
    Improved wizards for calendars, collages and batch processing
    Touch screen support for Windows 7
    Easy import and export of program settings in a single file

Requirements
Operating System:
Windows® XP, Windows Vista®; Windows® 7
For users of Windows® XP we recommend Service Pack 2 or later.

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems. You need a graphic-card with a resolution of at
least 1024 x 768. Furthermore the program requires a mouse or a
compatible pointing device and optional a CD- or DVD-Recorder for the production of Photo-CDs resp. Photo-DVDs.

RAM and disk space:
Min. 256 MB RAM, Hard Disk Space 160 MB

Software:
To send files by e-mail you need a MAPI-compatible e-mail client like MS Outlook,
MS Outlook Express or Mozilla Thunderbird.
To create PDF-files you need to have acrobat reader installed on your computer.

Screens :
 
http://leetleech.org/images/49235225282536971250.jpg
 
http://leetleech.org/images/39640261323103602683.jpg
 
http://leetleech.org/images/82452755125015429658.jpg
 
http://leetleech.org/images/76580998703121756616.jpg
 
http://leetleech.org/images/17158656507368947178.jpg


