DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:


Scheduling: Theory, Algorithms, and Systems
By Michael L. Pinedo


Publisher: Springer
Number Of Pages: 678
Publication Date: 2008-07-18
ISBN-10 / ASIN: 0387789340
ISBN-13 / EAN: 9780387789347
Binding: Hardcover
 


Product Description:

 

This book on scheduling covers theoretical models as well as scheduling problems in the real world. Author Michael Pinedo also includes a CD that contains slide-shows from industry and movies dealing with implementations of scheduling systems.

The book consists of three parts. The first part focuses on deterministic scheduling with the associated combinatorial problems.

The second part covers probabilistic scheduling models. In this part it is assumed that processing times and other problem data are not known in advance. The third part deals with scheduling in practice. It covers heuristics that are popular with practitioners and discusses system design and development issues.

Each chapter contains a series of computational and theoretical exercises.

This book is of interest to theoreticians and practitioners alike. Graduate students in operations management, operations research, industrial engineering and computer science will find the book to be an accessible and invaluable resource. Scheduling will serve as an essential reference for professionals working on scheduling problems in manufacturing and computing environments.

Michael Pinedo is the Julius Schlesinger Professor of Operations Management at New York University.

 



Summary: A nice book on machine scheduling
Rating: 5

Pinedo's book is an excellent reference for almost all problems in machine scheduling. The author is very economic with words and yet the explanations are incredibly clear. I use it for a graduate course in Scheduling that I teach. I often find myself referring to it whenever I need to review some particular class of scheduling problems. There is a chapter on metaheuristics that explains how these methods work - this is a bonus given that the book concentrates on theoretically rigorous methods. What I really like is the fact that step-by-step descriptions of many algorithms are provided, which can be used directly to write computer programs. The interested reader will find results related to structures of many scheduling problems. Overall this is a great book for teaching and research reference purposes. I have read two other texts on scheduling and I must say that this is by far the best.



Summary: Excellent literature review, Great Theories But... Expensive
Rating: 4

Pinedo did an excellent job for compiling the stories of scheduling system. For a new researcher/grad student in scheduling issue, this is the book that you need -before jump to library and search through all journals. The organization is slightly complicate. So readers may need to prepare their study plan before going through the book from cover to cover. I don't own this book, still; just read it from the library. This book deserves 5 or even 6 stars if the price is more affordable. I wish I have it when got a real job after graduation.
