
TTC Video - The Great Principles of Science - Robert M  Hazen


quote from another torrent site:

------------------------------------------------

The Great Principles of Science - Robert M. Hazen
Taught By Professor Robert M. Hazen, Ph.D., Harvard University,
George Mason University
60 - 30 Minutes Lectures

PLEASE READ: This course was produced in 1999 and was the precursor to the Joy of Science, the course lectures titles are exactly the same, it seems the content is pretty similar as well, but it is in fact a different taping.  If you're interested and would like to have this OOP course for your collection enjoy. 


The great principles of science often reveal surprising connections between seemingly unrelated phenomena. Newton’s laws of motion and gravity, for example, unified the supposedly separate domains of terrestrial and celestial motions. Similarly, the first law of thermodynamics established the equivalence of such disparate phenomena as heat, motion, light, and mass, all of which are forms of energy.

Part I of our exploration of the central concepts of science begins with an examination of science as a way of knowing, and then considers the overarching phenomena of forces and motions, energy and magnetism and electricity. Of the many ways devised to understand our place in the cosmos, science holds a special place as a method designed to ask and answer questions about tangible aspects of the physical world. Scientific knowledge depends on independently verifiable data  obtained from observations, experiments, and theoretical reasoning.

In Part II of this lecture series we begin with another great unification - electricity and magnetism. Professor Hazen will explore the great overarching principles of physics and chemistry - the laws that describe the behavior of matter, energy, forces. and motions, as well as the nature of atoms, singly and in combination.

In Part III of this lecture series we turn from these general principles to the study of specific physical systems. These principles are manifest in the properties and behavior of materials, notably the variety of electronic materials  as well as in the characteristics of isotopes and their energy producing nuclear reactions.

Part IV of this lecture series focuses on great principles related to plane Earth and its most complex systems-life. Studies of Earth and life differ from physics and chemistry in that deal with extremely complex systems that have a distinctive and contingent history. The present state of a rock or a tree depends on an intricate and irreversible past. Engaging in geological or biological research, therefore, is often akin to detective work, where clues are precious, and imagination plays a vital role.
Part V of this lecture series focuses on the great unifying biological principles of genetics, evolution, and ecosystems. 


Course Lectures


1. The Nature of Science
2. The Scientific Method
3. The Ordered Universe
4. Celestial and Terrestrial Mechanics
5. Newton's Laws of Motion
6. Universal Gravitation
7. The Nature of Energy
8. The First Law of Thermodynamics
9. The Second Law of Thermodynamics
10. Entropy
11. Magnetism and Static Electricity
12. Electricity
13. Electromagnetism
14. The Electromagnetic Spectrum, Part I
15. The Electromagnetic Spectrum, Part II
16. Relativity
17. Atoms
18. The Bohr Atom
19. The Quantum World
20. The Periodic Table of the Elements
21. Introduction to Chemistry
22. The Chemistry of Carbon
23. States of Matter and Changes of State
24. Phase Transformations and Chemical Reactions
25. Properties of Materials
26. Semiconductors and Modern Microelectronics
27. Isotopes and Radioactivity
28. Nuclear Fission and Fusion Reactions
29. Astronomy
30. The Life Cycle of Stars
31. Edwin Hubble and the Discovery of Galaxies
32. The Big Bang
33. The Ultimate Structure of Matter
34. The Nebular Hypothesis
35. The Solar System
36. The Earth as a Planet
37. The Dynamic Earth
38. The Plate Tectonics Revolution
39. Earthquakes, Volcanoes, and Plate Motions Today
40. Earth Cycles—Water
41. The Atmospheric Cycle
42. The Rock Cycle
43. What Is Life?
44. Strategies of Life
45. Life's Molecular Building Blocks
46. Proteins
47. Cells—The Chemical Factories of Life
48. Gregor Mendel, Founder of Genetics
49. The Discovery of DNA
50. The Genetic Code
51. Reading the Genetic Code
52. Genetic Engineering
53. Cancer and Other Genetic Diseases
54. The Chemical Evolution of Life
55. Biological Evolution—A Unifying Theme of Biology
56. The Fact of Evolution—The Fossil Record
57. Charles Darwin and the Theory of Natural Selection
58. Ecosystems and the Law of Unintended Consequences
59. The Ozone Hole, Acid Rain, and the Greenhouse Effect
60. Science, the Endless Frontier