 http://bayimg.com/baEjPaAdI
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072665/

At Long Last Love 

 
1 hour 38 minutes

Directed by Peter Bogdanovich 
Written by Peter Bogdanovich 

Burt Reynolds .... Michael Oliver Pritchard III 
Cybill Shepherd .... Brooke Carter 
Madeline Kahn .... Kitty O'Kelly 
Duilio Del Prete .... Johnny Spanish 
Eileen Brennan .... Elizabeth 
John Hillerman .... Rodney James 
Mildred Natwick .... Mabel Pritchard 
M. Emmet Walsh .... Harold 

Editing by Douglas Robertson 
Release date(s) 1975 
Country  United States 
Language English 

At Long Last Love is an American motion picture musical that was released in 1975 and was directed by Peter Bogdanovich.

The film, with a screenplay by Bogdanovich, is a homage to the great Hollywood musicals of the 1930s such as Swing Time and Top Hat, and features 16 songs with music and lyrics by Cole Porter.

The film is set during the 1930s and is evocative of Noel Coward's play Private Lives, featuring mate swapping among the very rich. The film is unique as it is the first movie since the early 1930s in which the musical numbers were recorded live, without the actors lip-synching to a previously recorded soundtrack.

The film opened in March 1975 to scathing reviews and poor box office returns, prompting Bogdanovich to have an open letter of apology printed in newspapers throughout the U.S.

At Long Last Love was acclaimed as one of the worst films ever made in Harry and Michael Medved's The Golden Turkey Awards: Nominees and Winners, the Worst Achievements in Hollywood History (1980).

To date, there has never been a home video release of the film in any format.

Be warned this is a full screen vhs dupe.  Pixilated picture.  Why is this worth watching?  Madelind Khan and Eileen Brennas bring their musical comedy talents to the mix, and watching the perform Cole Porter songs with worth it.

Criminally maligned - and mostly by people who haven't even bothered to see it - Peter Bogdanovich's sublime homage to the '30s film musical, "At Long Last Love," is ripe for a little rediscovery and some decided re-evaluation.

But this is unlikely to happen, given that its releasing studio, 20th Century-Fox, has kept the film buried and off home entertainment for more than three decades now. Exacerbating matters is the fact that Fox recently saw fit to give Walter Lang's rather embarrassing "Can-Can" (1960) the deLuxe, two-disc DVD treatment.

Driven by a rich Cole Porter score (of familiar standards and melodies more esoteric) and filled with an affable cast of good sports - Burt Reynolds, Cybill Shepherd, Madeline Kahn, Dulio Del Prete, Eileen Brennan, John Hillerman and Mildred Natwick as playboy Reynolds' dowager mother - the film is a classic still waiting to be discovered.

Bogdanovich was arguably at his most creative on this movie, filming it in color but designing it largely in black-and-white, so that the only colors in the film are his actors' skin tones. He also enlisted his cast of game, nonprofessional singers to perform their songs live, every one of them, and despite the hasty assumptions that were made at the time of the film's release, the singing is fine here - more than fine actually, given that Shepherd, Kahn and Del Prete all sport trained voices, while Reynolds affects a soothing Dean Martin-style croon.

To complement the stress-free singing, choreographer Rita Abrams kept her dance routines light and easy-going. The result is that the dancing here has the off-the-cuff, scratch-pad casualness of the in-between numbers in the Astaire-Rogers films. The film doesn't feel choreographed. 

"At Long Last Love" is clearly an attempt to impersonate the movies of Fred and Ginger, with Bogdanovich affecting the unobtrusive directorial style that George Stevens and Mark Sandrich brought to the dancing team's films. It is decidedly old-fashioned in its artificiality, but "At Long Last Love" is also post-modernist, mixing in a neo-realist musical style pioneered by both Vincente Minnelli and Stanley Donen. It's a daring experiment that works - again, despite what you've heard. 

Curiously, several versions of the film exist. Under the gun to get "At Long Last Love" out in the summer of 1975, Bogdanovich delivered a print clocking in at 118 minutes. Following the disasterous critical reaction, the film was cut down to 105 minutes. Two versions of it, in fact, played Radio City Music Hall. The film that opened there was not the same movie that closed. (Regarding the critical reaction, I hasten to add that there were/are several reputable critics who actually like "At Long Last Love.")

The syndicated TV version is even shorter, although it reinstates some fleeting, charming musical bits that were originally cut for time. The 16mm version of the film, which runs roughly 130 minutes, presents "At Long Last Love" in its most complete form and includes the two numbers that originally opened the film - a terrific "Down in the Depths" by Kahn and Del Prete's "Tomorrow." (As conceived, each of the four lead characters had an introductory song, although Kahn's and Del Prete's were excised just before the film's release.) Still missing, however, is Mildred Natwick's "Kate the Great" number.

Given that Fox has no interest in the film, it would be great if it handed it over to Criterion, so that Bogdanovich could put together a definitive archival edition.

