Xilisoft DVD Ripper Ultimate is powerful and easy-to-use DVD ripping software with the ability to rip DVD to almost all video and audio formats, such as convert DVD to AVI, rip DVD to MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, RM, MOV, M4V, XviD, 3GP, MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, OGG, etc. and transfer output files to iPod/iPhone/PSP directly. With the powerful compatibility for iPod, iPhone, PSP, Apple TV, etc., Xilisoft DVD Ripper Ultimate enables you to rip DVD to various portable media players supported formats.

Additionally, it can help you clip video segment, merge several sources, crop video size, edit video effects, adjust subtitle and add watermark/soundtracks, to get the custom DVD audio and video files.

Free try Xilisoft DVD Ripper Ultimate now and enjoy ripping DVD to MPEG, DVD to AVI movie!


What's new in the latest version:

Added High Definition video profile for iPad 2.
Support more devices like Motorola XOOM and Samsung P1000.
Adds video profiles for the latest iPhone 4;
Allows you to add subtitles and soundtracks to the output video;
Enables the function of transferring the output files to iPod, iPhone and PSP;
Capable of inserting transitional effects between merged video items;
Makes the built-in player resizable;
Switches the zoom mode between 4:3 and 16:9;
Classifies the profile settings into different types;
Adds the function of power management.

DVD video ripper - rip DVD to video
Rip DVD movie to almost all video formats, such as convert DVD to AVI, rip DVD to MPEG1/MPEG2/MPEG4, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, RM, MOV, M4V, XviD, 3GP, VOB, FLV, SWF;
DVD audio ripper - rip DVD to audio
Extract the DVD audio to save as almost all audio formats, e.g. rip DVD to MP2, MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, OGG, AU;
DVD picture converter - rip DVD to picture
Many picture profiles are available for you to capture pictures in batches from DVD movies at fixed interval, like JPG, PNG, GIF, BMP;
Video editor - multiple editing functions
Powerful video editing functions of Xilisoft DVD Ripper Ultimate let you freely clip video segments, merge any sources, crop video size, edit video effects, adjust subtitle, and add watermark/soundtracks;
Extra adapter - offer custom options
Customize output file size using the smart Bitrate Calculator tool; set divers output formats from one source by adding profile; create your own profile in the way of adjusting the parameters of existing profile.


1. Unpack & Install then close.
2. Replace the imfc0.dll file in the Installation Directory with the one in
crack folder.
3. Register with any name and serial
4. Block software connecting the internet with a firewall like COMODO
