This torrent is for all of season 3 of River Monsters (with the episode titles with the CORRECT episode numbers) and two specials, The Lost Reels and River Monsters Goes Tribal. These files are in .zip folders, individually packaged so that you can pick what you want to download. 

These are files that I’ve collected offline. While I’m still seeding many of the original downloads, I decided to compile and organize them into a torrent myself so that anyone interested in the full season would be able to download it without the headache of hunting everything down or re-downloading torrents when the episode number was incorrect.

3.1 The Mutilator
Premiered April 10, 2011
Jeremy Wade travels to Papua New Guinea to investigate a spate of bizarre deaths on one of the world's last great unexplored rivers, the Sepik. A creature there is tearing chunks from unsuspecting fishermen and devouring certain male body parts. Jeremy has never fished in this part of the world and knows little of what might be there. Nothing could prepare him for what he discovers.

3.2 Flesh Ripper
Premiered April 17, 2011
Jeremy Wade is on the trail of a mysterious man-eater. New Zealand's freshwaters have been a safe place for swimmers, yet as Jeremy finds out, its remote rivers and deep lakes provide refuge for an ancient and slippery predator that can stay hidden for more than a century. To flush one out, he must put himself on the menu.

3.3 Silent Assassin
Premiered April 24, 2011 
Jeremy Wade travels to the Paraná River in the remote northeast corner of Argentina to investigate the death of a young girl. Once there, he discovers a second death. The people who live along this river bank fear the creature they call "River Dog." This is a new species to Jeremy, a river monster that somehow got under his radar. His discovery is not only the most alien of all river monsters, it is also the largest totally freshwater river monster Jeremy ever has caught!

3.4 Chainsaw Predator
Premiered May 1, 2011 
Jeremy Wade heads to a remote river in the Australian Outback to try and catch the rare but fearsome freshwater sawfish. This shadowy predator is reputed to reach 18 feet long and attacks boats — but does the fact that it could slash Jeremy to shreds make it a killer? And why is this bizarre-looking sea monster swimming hundreds of miles inland?

3.5 Electric Executioner
Premiered May 15, 2011 
Jeremy Wade travels to Brazil's "wild west" in search of a river monster that has killed three cowboys. The search for the culprit sends him deep into prospecting cattle country, where he discovers the shocking truth about a fish he's never caught before. He has to combat all his fears to catch this monster, and after a long chase, Jeremy finally corners his elusive prey in the most unexpected place. All he has to do then is catch it without getting killed.

3.6 Cold-Blooded Horror
Premiered May 22, 2011
Having never been to Japan, Jeremy Wade is entering new territory in more ways than one. The river monsters there are like no others he ever has encountered, from the devastating "Namazu," which legend says causes earthquakes, to a child-snatching killer called the "Kappa." Can our extreme fisherman uncover the truth behind these legends? Can he catch a monster in the rivers of Japan that reveals the reality behind these horrific tales? He is about to find out.

3.7 Jungle Killer
Premiered May 30, 2011
Jeremy Wade sets out to discover the true river monster of South America. Piranhas get all the press, but is there a more fearsome predator lurking in its rivers? Tipped off by an account of an attack on a diver, Jeremy soon discovers that there is a real monster to find. Tipped off by the the local Amerindian tribe, Jeremy heads deeper and deeper into the remote jungles of Suriname to come face to face with a jungle killer like no other.

River Monsters: The Lost Reels
Premiered May 27, 2011
This two-part special — featuring long-lost footage never before seen by U.S. audiences — captures some of the biggest moments in Jeremy Wade's life. Journey back to 2002 in part one, "Amazon," as Jeremy searches for one of the world's largest freshwater fish: the arapaima. And in part two, "India," Jeremy travels to India in 2005 in search of a man-eating catfish called the goonch.

River Monsters Goes Tribal
Premiered May 29, 2011 
Jeremy Wade attempts to survive alongside some of the world's best tribal fishermen using spears, bows and arrows, and even spiders webs to catch his prey. These master fishermen live in a tropical island paradise, where they fish and swim in some of the most shark-infested waters on the planet. As Jeremy throws himself into South Pacific tribal life, he comes closer than ever to one of the world's ultimate predator. 
