Storyline

Carl "CJ" Johnson has been living in Liberty City for the past five years, ever since his brother Brian was killed. In 1992, for the first time in five years, he returns to Los Santos to attend his mother's funeral who was killed by rivals. Upon returning, his cab is pulled over by police officers Frank Tenpenny and Eddie Pulaski, who had several run-ins with Carl before he left. The officers put Carl in the squad car, frame him for a fellow officer's murder, and drop him off in a rival gang's area of town. Once Carl finds his way back to his house, he finds his family and friends in disarray.
Carl's brother, Sean "Sweet" Johnson blames him for their brother Brian's—and their mother's—deaths and berates him for abandoning the gang, the Grove Street Families. In an effort to win back his brother's favor and respect, Carl aids Sweet, and fellow gang members Ryder and Big Smoke. Carl is also introduced to Caesar, his sister Kendl's boyfriend. Carl helps Sweet gain territory for the gang, aids Ryder in stealing weapons from various sources from an old vietnam veteran to a national guard depo, and helps Smoke perform various activities that usually have no benefit to the gang like taking out non native gangs, such as the San Fierro Rifa and the Russian Mob. Carl dates a girl named Denise (whom he rescued from a building after setting it on fire on Tenpenny's orders) and helps OG Loc (an old friend from the neighborhood who thinks he's a gangster but really isn't) to manage his rapping career, along with sabotaging Madd Dogg's career (including drowning his manager and stealing his rhyme book).
Thanks largely to Carl, the Grove Street Families return to prominence, and Carl regains his respect with Sweet. While Sweet is preparing for a gang war against their rivals, the Ballas, CJ gets a call from Caesar, to meet him. Caesar shows him the Green Sabre (the vehicle alleged to have carried out the shooting of his mother) being escorted by Big Smoke, Ryder and Tenpenny. This proves the three were involved in CJ's mother's death and that Sweet's plan is doomed. Carl tries to warn Sweet but cannot reach him by phone; in desperation, he tries to rescue him. He withstands the Ballas long enough for SWAT and C.R.A.S.H. to arrive on the scene. Sweet is arrested and Tenpenny takes Carl away with him to Angel Pine - a small village, isolated between Los Santos and San Fierro. Meanwhile, the rogue faction led by Ryder and Big Smoke in league with the Ballas, take over Los Santos, flooding it with crack cocaine.
Carl, realizing Tenpenny is his only hope of staying out of jail or getting Sweet released, continues to run the crooked cop's errands, and begins killing or discrediting people involved in building a criminal case against Tenpenny. During this time, Tenpenny introduces CJ to an old hippie named The Truth, and CJ helps the hippie with his marijuana farm. Meanwhile, Cesar gets CJ involved in a street-racing club run by blind Chinese Triad leader and businessman Wu Zi Mu and is introduced to Cesar's cousin, Catalina who Carl has a brief relationship with. Carl wins the ownership of a garage in a street race with Catalina, which is operated while the group waits for an opportunity to return to Los Santos.
In San Fierro, Carl infiltrates the Loco Syndicate, an organisation who are supplying Big Smoke's crack empire with drugs, by gaining the trust of the weakest link to the syndicate, Jizzy B, a prominent pimp who owns a strip club near the bay area. Afterwards, CJ is introduced T-Bone Mendez, the muscle of the Syndicate and the leader of the San Fierro Rifa and then saves Mike Toreno, the shady and suspicious supplier of the drugs, from a Vietnamese street gang. When Carl learns of the next meet between the Syndicate, along with Ryder, Carl ambushes Jizzy at his strip club and after a car chase, kills him and collects his phone, which contains the location of the meet at the pier. There, Carl and Cesar annilate T-Bone's gang and then riddle T-Bone with bullets at the back of the pier. Carl then chase after Ryder in a boat chase and kills him, and later blows up Toreno with a rocket launcher after he flees in a helicopter. Carl is also contracted by Woozie and the Triads in assassinating members of the Da Nang Boys, who are trying to take over turf from Woozies gang, the Mountain Cloud Boys.
Toreno reveals himself to be still alive and an agent for an unnamed branch of the U.S. Government. Carl becomes immersed in the affairs of Toreno, who implies that he will release Sweet if Carl helps him with his covert operations, which include shooting down rogue helicopters, delivering a package for Toreno's agents with a plane while trying to avoid radar, and sneaking aboard a plane full of agents froma rival agency and killing everyone on board. Later, Carl is invited by Woozie to become a partner in the Triad's casino in Las Venturas, where they are facing harassment from the Mafia-run Caligula's Palace casino. Carl is then introduced to Kent Paul after The Truth asks him to save the rock-band manager and member Maccer, whom The Truth lost during a trip into the desert. Kent Paul introduces Carl to the casino's manager—ex-lawyer Ken Rosenberg. After the events of Vice City, Ken became heavily addicted to drugs and was disowned by his former partner, Tommy Vercetti. He was then employed by Johnny Sindacco, underboss of the Sindacco crime family, as a third party to run Caligula's, in order to establish a truce with another Liberty City family, the Leones. However, the don of the Leones, Salvatore Leone, threatend Ken , saying that he wasn't a third party and was only running the casino for him. The Sindaccos did the same, leaving Ken to believe that if a mob war ever erupted, one family would assassinate Rosenberg and blame the other family. Carl helps Ken by rescuing Johnny Sindacco from the hands of the Forelli crime family, another family with a stake in the casino. During Carl's and Ken's visit to the Sindaccos, Carl and Ken escape a shoot-out after Johnny dies of a heart attack. Ken later phones CJ to tell him that the Leone Family have moved into the casino. Carl aids Salvatore Leone against the Forellis by boarding a plane full of Forelli hitmen and killing them, and then assasinating a high ranking Forelli Capo in Liberty City. During this time, Tenpenny and Pulaski begin to become paranoid, as the heat is closing in on them. They have Carl kill several DEA members and collect a dossier containing all the information about the informant ratting out the crooked cops. Unsurprisingly, the informant is Jimmy Hernandez, Tenpenny's and Pulaski's patrolman. Tenpenny has Carl meet him and Pulaski in the desert, where Tenpenny beats Hernandez with a shovel before Pulaski shoots and kills him. After Tenpenny leaves, Carl gives chase to Pulaski before running him of the road. After a final shootout between the two, Carl finishes off Pulasi with a fatal kick to the head. After Pulaski's death, Tenpenny is arrested and things begin to go smoothly in Venturas. Carl and the Triads successfully rob Caligula's, and afterwards Leone contacts Carl and makes a death threat against him. Before returning to Los Santos, Carl prevents the suicide of Madd Dogg, who is severely inebriated.
Toreno makes good on his earlier promise to release Sweet, but much to Carl's surprise, his brother wants no part of Carl's new lifestyle. Sweet insists on returning to Grove Street and working to re-establish the Families rather than rest on the laurels of Carl's success who has based himself from Madd Dogg's mansion. Tenpenny goes to trial for several felonies, but the charges are dropped for lack of evidence, as - thanks to Carl - all the prosecution's witnesses are either missing or dead. Tenpenny's release sends anger and shock throughout Los Santos. The 1992 Los Santos Riots begin. Fueled by Sweet's resolve to topple Big Smoke, who has become the city's biggest drug kingpin, Carl reacquires lost gang territory and hunts down the traitors responsible for pushing drugs that destroyed the Families. Some time after doing this, Sweet calls Carl and tells him that Smoke's crack palace has been found. The two drive to it, and after a discussion, Carl tells Sweet to stay in the car and decides to go in alone in order to make up for any disappointments and dismays he made in the past. Upon entering the palace, Carl battles his way through Smoke's numerous bodyguards, and eventually comes face to face with him. Smoke, who is high on crack, argues heatedly with Carl before eventually grabbing a gun and commencing in a firefight with him. During the shootout, Carl mortally wounds Smoke, of whom explains why he betrayed the Grove Street Families before succumbing to his wounds. Carl, in a state of mourning after killing one of his closest friends, is taken by surprise by Tenpenny, who reveals that he plans to escape town via plane with a couple of rookies who have commandeered a Firetruck. Carl is almost killed by Tenpenny but manages to take cover before being shot. Tenpenny shoots at the generators causing the building to set fire, forcing Carl to escape from the inferno to pursue Tenpenny.
Sweet and Carl chase Tenpenny through the streets of Los Santos until Tenpenny loses control of the firetruck crashing off the bridge with Tenpenny mortally injured. Carl is about to finish him by shooting him but is stopped by Sweet telling him: "No need to put a bullet in him. He killed hisself in a traffic accident, no one to blame." Tenpenny dies from his injuriues (making him the first antagonist in the Grand Theft Auto series to die in a way other than being directly killed by the protagonist). Reuniting at home Madd Dogg makes a surprise entrance along with Maccer, Truth, Rosenberg and Paul coming to celebrate his success with his gold record, causing the brothers to draw weapons. As everybody celebrates, Carl turns to leave. Asked where he's going, he replies, "Fittin' to hit the block, see what's happening."