Colin Stetson - New History Warfare Vol.2 Judges (2011) [FLAC & MP3]

Artist: Colin Stetson
Title Of Album: New History Warfare Vol.2: Judges
Year Of Release: 2011
Label: Constellation
Genre: Jazz, Modern Jazz
Quality: FLAC (Tracks,cue,log)|MP3
Bitrate: lossless | 320kbps
Total Size: 241 mb/103 mb (+%rec)

Tracklist:
--------------
1. Awake On Foreign Shores
2. Judges
3. The Stars In His Head (Dark Lights Remix)
4. All The Days I've Missed You (ILAIJ I)
5. From No Part Of Me Could I Summon A Voice
6. A Dream Of Water
7. Home
8. Lord I Just Can't Keep From Crying Sometimes
9. Clothed In The Skin Of The Dead
10. All The Colors Bleached To White (ILAIJ II)
11. Red Horse (Judges ll)
12. The Righteous Wrath Of An Honorable Man
13. Fear Of The Unknown And The Blazing Sun
14. In Love And In Justice


When first listening to Colin Stetson, all you can think is “Wow!” He is a musical pioneer with an unfathomable arsenal. His intricate percussive valve-work and reed vocalizations elevate him high above any other horn player. The mind simply cannot absorb it.

Stetson uses a technique known as circular breathing, the same kind of breathing that put Kenny G in the Guiness Book of World Records for the longest note (45 minutes and 47 seconds). Now let us try a little experiment. Sing one note for as long as you can and try and breath in through your nose while you are still singing. Nearly impossible right? Did you notice how long that was? Probably nowhere close to a typical five minute Stetson song. If it was, the Smurf look is good on you.

His second album, New History Warfare Vol. 2: Judges (Feb. 22), was recorded live in single takes — with no overdubs or looping — using 24 different mic positions. Most of the album has earthy and gritty sounds unlike typical wood wind playing. When he plays his raw, flashing saxophone or clarinet he is magnificent. A few of the songs include vocals by Laurie Anderson and Shara Worden (My Brightest Diamond). He brilliantly plays assorted saxophones and clarinets, cornet, french horn, and flute. His resume includes opening for Arcade Fire and The National, as well as playing playing with Tom Waits, Laurie Anderson, TV on the Radio, and Bon Iver. He also plays in the bands, Belle Orchestre and Sway Machinery. Stetson is now touring as the opening act for fellow Constellation Records band, Godspeed You! Black Emperor.

