mp3   320kbps


Broken Heart Row - 3:21 
On A Saturday Night - 3:15 
The Love Money Can’t Buy - 4:16 
Man Size Job - 3:09 
Wild Stage Of Life - 4:08 
Low Down Dirty Dawg - 2:49 - 
Standin’ In My Doorway Cryin’ - 4:24 
I Play Dirty - 3:16 
What Makes You So Tough - 2:47 
Daddy’s Love - 4:23 - 
Bag Of Bones - 4:02 - 
Moonlight Over Memphis - 2:56 
That’s Where My Brother Sleeps - 6:06 - 

The title says it all. Barbara has had the great fortune for the third time to go to Los Angeles and record with Taj Mahal's world renowned PHANTOM BLUES BAND. 

Keep the faith and spread the LOVE. 

Produced by Tony Braunagel 
Co-producer: Barbara Blue 
Engineered by Johnny Lee Schell and John Porter 
Mixed by Johnny Lee Schell 
Mastered by  L. Nix & Co., Inc./Inside Ardent Studios/Memphis TN  
Recorded at  Ultratone Studio - Studio City, California & Young Avenue Sound, Memphis, TN 
Lead Vocals: Barbara Blue 
Bass: Larry Fulcher 
Piano, B3 and Wurlitzer: Mike Finnigan 
All Guitars: Johnny Lee Schell 
Drums and Percussion: Tony Braunagel 
Horns: Lanny McMillan, tenor sax with Ben Cauley, trumpet on tracks 2, 3, 6, 9 & 12, Dedrick Davis trumpet on tracks 7 & 8 
Background vocals: Deborah Swiney and Carolyn Chatman on tracks 2, 6 and 12 Johnny Lee Schell on tracks 3 & 10, Mike Finnigan on tracks 3, 10 & 11 
Special guest appearance by John "JUKE" Logan on Harmonica track 4. 

Executive Producers: 

Barbara Blue Productions 
Reviews

Barbara’s Beale St. Blues, (05/31/06)


Wandering down Beale Street nowadays, you're sure to hear a sound, the loud, boisterous sound of Barbara Blue belting out songs at Silky O'Sullivan's. This is her long-time residence in Memphis, where she shakes, claps, and smiles about the Blues.

Barbara was not born in the sweltering south, but up above Dixie in Steelsville, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She has been fronting her own band for over fifteen years, as well as sharing the stage with notables as Taj Mahal, Jeff Healey, Marcia Ball, and James Cotton. Speaking of Taj Mahal, this CD was recorded with his Phantom Blues Band in the sun of California. John "Juke" Logan makes a guest appearance on the Blue-penned "Low Down Dirty Dawg," a song written by Blue to the man who ripped off the donated retirement funds that she had helped raise for Jessie Mae Hemphill (a "Low Down Dirty Dawg, indeed). Barbara wrote two of the songs while she pulled on some of the great songwriters of the region to round out the disc: Eddie Floyd and Steve Cropper's "On a Saturday Night"; the title track by Jimmy McCracklin; "Man Size Job" written by Denise LaSalle; Jessie Mae Hemphill's "Standin' in My Doorway Cryin'"; and Nancy Apple's "Moonlight Over Memphis." Each song here is given its own sound regardless of the writer or origin of the song.

This is the third disc on which Barbara Blue has teamed up with the Phantom Blues Band and it is an excellent fit. You would think that they have been together for years by the chemistry on these songs. The power of Blue's voice is tremendous, with the force of a southern thunderstorm rolling across the Mississippi River and on up the bluffs. Barbara not only has a strong, powerful voice, but one that works in many different settings, as the music before you so demonstrates.

Right from the start the tone and mood are set on the album with a mid-tempo, almost Latin rhythm on "Broken Hearts Row." The song order creates a wonderful contradiction in sounds and tempos throughout the disc. There are funky songs with a tight groove as on "Love Money Can't Buy," and "Daddy's Love." An older R&B; style permeates the horn -renched "What Makes You So Tough" and "Man Size Job." The slow "Wild Side of Life" reminds me of Lou Ann Barton singing an Etta James song. "Standin' in the Doorway Cryin'" is a nod to her influence and support for the Mississippi native Jessie Mae Hemphill. The song has a rhythmic drone that you get lost in, until it is broken up by Jessie Mae talkin' and hollerin' "Hey Baby!!" Then the drums kick into "I Play Dirty." This song has a dirty groove with a chorus that reminds me of Lonnie Shields' "I Can Play Dirty." Hmm, someone has been listening to someone else. Other than that similarity, it is a different song that picks the album right back up after the hypnotic state of "Standin'." To take another turn, "Bag O' Bones" slows things down again with sparse, haunting sounds you hear walking down an empty dirt road at midnight with only tumbleweeds blowing around you in a crisp, dank air.

A great songwriter from Memphis, Nancy Apple, penned the biggest treat on the album. "Moonlight Over Memphis" has a sound of Americana with a touch of The Band. This song is well produced and the musicians come across with feeling. Barbara's voice is very flexible and fits on all of the styles on the album. This song stands out because you don't expect this after what has been heard so far. The last song on the album is dedicated to the men and women who serve our country. "That's Where My Brother Sleeps" is a touching tribute for our country, starting off with a heartfelt piano and quiet organ accent. The rest of the band eventually kicks in, never overshadowing the main performer or the message. The last song has a surprise ending for all of the Janis Joplin fans out there. Barbara was also invited to the 14th Annual Janis Birthday Bash in Port Arthur, Texas, in 2001. So on to the little treat awaiting you when you reach the end: a rowdy, hand-clappin', foot-stompin' rendition of "Mercedes Benz," complete with a sing-along section. Blue not only has the vocals to pull this off, but does so with celebration.

This disc has a little something for everybody. Barbara Blue has a great voice, the Phantom Blues Band is a perfect fit throughout, and the song selection and order are well chosen. Look for Barbara on Beale Street, or on the road near you. 


SO!!!!!!!


are you downloading this yet?


if not, why not?


'cause if you are waiting for me to upload a better album than this one...
...you're gonna have a fuckin' long wait...


you can even listen to this when sober...but why anyone would want to be in that pathetic state I don't know...