 http://i1130.photobucket.com/albums/m521/cikachuno/0684810794.jpg




The BIBLE CODE



Simon & Schuster
michael Drossnin
English 
1997-05-29 
ISBN: 0684810794
272 pages 
PDF 
11 MB


For three thousand years a code in the Bible has remained hidden. Now it has been unlocked by computer -- and it may reveal our future.
The code was broken by an Israeli mathematician, who presented the proof in a major science journal, and it has been confirmed by famous mathematicians around the world.
This book is the first full account of a scientific discovery that may change the world, told by a skeptical secular reporter who became part of the story.
The three-thousand-year-old Bible code foretells events that happened thousands of years after the Bible was written.
It foresaw both Kennedy assassinations, the Oklahoma City bombing, the election of Bill Clinton -- everything from World War II to Watergate, from the Holocaust to Hiroshima, from the Moon landing to the collision of a comet with Jupiter.
The author of this book, investigative reporter Michael Drosnin, himself found the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin predicted in the Bible more than a year before the murder -- and personally warned the Prime Minister.
The book is based on Drosnin's five-year investigation. The author interviewed all the experts, here and abroad. He spent many weeks with the world-class mathematician who discovered the code, Dr. Eliyahu Rips, and he met with famous mathematicians at Harvard, Yale, and Hebrew University. He talked to a senior code breaker at the top secret U.S. National Security Agency, who confirmed that there is a code in the Bible that does reveal the future.
No one yet knows if the Bible code accurately foretells what is yet to come. But the code may be a warning to this world of unprecedented danger, perhaps the real Apocalypse, a nuclear World War.
In any event, the Bible code forces us to accept what the Bible itself can only ask us to believe -- that we are not alone.
And it raises a question for us all -- does the code describe an inevitable future, or a series of possible futures whose ultimate outcome we can still decide?

