Downloader Instructions

The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description






POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth




Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is our NEW Series by GGHG





POtHS - Creation - 02 - Creation Seminar - Dr. Hovind + Extras




POtHS - Creation 02 - Creation Seminar - Dr. Hovind + Extras


POtHS Comments on This one......... Excellant


Description:

Dr. Hovind's award-winning Creation Seminar is his most popular set of videos, capturing the attention of all, young and old alike. God has used his fast-paced, fully illustrated seminar to bring thousands of people closer to Him. This 18-hour series comes on 8 DVDs with bonus content. Updated! Now includes subtitles in 31 languages (see chart).

Includes the following topics:

The Age of the Earth: Uncovers the follies of the Big Bang theory and exposes the religious beliefs of evolution. (Also subtitled in Afrikaans, Albanian, Bulgarian, Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, Croatian, Czech, Danish, English, Estonian, Finnish, German, Greek, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Norwegian, Polish, Portguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian)

The Garden of Eden: Describes the earth as it was before the worldwide flood, and how it was possible for man to live over 900 years, for plants and animals to grow much larger than today, and for dinosaurs to thrive along with man. (Also subtitled in Afrikaans, Albanian, Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, Croatian, Danish, English, Estonian, German, Indonesian, Latvian, Norwegian, Polish, Portguese, Romanian, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian)

Dinosaurs and the Bible: Traces the biblical and historical references to dinosaurs and includes interviews with people who claim to have seen living dinosaurs. (Also subtitled in Bulgarian, Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, Croation, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Portguese, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian)

Lies in the Textbooks: Shows how public school textbooks are permeated with fraudulent information in order to convince students that evolution is true. (Also subtitled in Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, English, French, German, Indonesian, Latvian, Norwegian, Portguese, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish)

The Dangers of Evolution: Reveals the terrible effects that evolution beliefs have had on societies throughout history.

The Hovind Theory: Blends scientific observations with Scripture in an explanation of what could have caused Noah's Flood, the Ice Age, the formation of coal, mountain ranges, and the Grand Canyon.

Question and Answers: Covers a wide variety of topics including radiometric dating, starlight, "primitive man," race origins, the mark of the beast, alleged contradictions in the Bible, and many more!


[font=comic sans ms]

IT IS HERE POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99A - Creating An Event In Heaven - Face To Face With Jesus & The Holy Spirit Solved - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11. Your Independence Day.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)



In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                               End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                      Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                    Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                  Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                              Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                         Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

[color=purple]11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS  

    