Anna Graceman is 11 years old. She was born and raised in beautiful Southeast Alaska. Her mother played classical music to her before she was born and after she was born her mother spent many hours singing, reading and playing music to her. At just a few months old her parents started displaying flashcards for her to read and gain word association. All of this together sparked the love of music and words!
She started singing a melody of complete songs at 18 months. She loved to sing! She would sing and sing until her parents would ask her to stop so they could get a little quite time. By 2 years old she was not afraid to sing to large groups and left audiences stunned by her ability to perform well at such a young age. At 4 years old she stopped just playing on the piano and she began truly playing the piano. At this point she was playing chords and learning notes on the staff. So I Cried is the first song she wrote. She was only 6 years old and in the first grade. She amazed many with her deep lyrics and knowledge of musical composition. Since then she has continued to write many other songs both lyrical and instrumental – 35 of them have been released in various forms.
As a rule in her house there is no cable T.V. and other entertainment is limited, so when Anna is not playing her piano or singing she spends many hours reading and writing stories. She loves to write mythical stories. She also enjoys swimming or riding her bike in the summer and skiing or sledding in the winter. She is a great down hill skier! She spends many hours practicing her music: singing, playing piano and writing. She currently takes classical piano lessons and is learning how to play the guitar. She loves her Big Baby Taylor!
She has a love of learning, encouraged through the Montessori program and wants to be a singer, song writer and story writer in the future. Many thanks to her piano teachers, school teachers, school counselors, parents and other family members for their encouraging confidence in her that has and still motivates her success.
Anna Graceman loves her homeland Alaska. She is moved by the beautiful and stunning scenery and devoted and friendly community. Anna has a gift that she wants to share with all in hopes that through her music she can make a difference in this world; that she will encourage others, especially children, to find and nurture their gift and use those gifts for good on this earth.

256kbps m4a