Apparatus is a game about setting up simple mechanical structures to 
move one or several marbles to the goal.

"A real life-sapper. Get into Apparatus at your peril – you will lose hours of your life!" - LifeOfAndroid.com (Score: 9.5/10)

** NOW WITH CHRISTMAS LEVEL PACK! ** :)

Connect cables from batteries to motors, build bridges, set up teeter totters,
swing with ropes, build vehicles, or just let the marble have a happy roller coaster
ride to the goal!

Use the hammer or the wrench to connect planks, wheels and other objects together.

Use the control panel to control your creations, be it a monster truck, a mechanical rifle or anything YOU can imagine!

Creativity is essential in the gameplay Apparatus. If you don't have the patience to figure
out the challenge levels, why not just play around in the physics sandbox and build whatever
comes to mind? Upload and share your levels in the community section or download and
comment on other players' levels.

The early levels will teach you how to play the game and go through some basic concepts.
The more you progress the more freedom the levels provide, many levels can
be solved in many different ways.

Every time you complete a level, you can go into freebuild mode and modify the level
however you like. If you make the level better, or just harder, you might want to 
upload it to the community section and let other people play your modified level.

EXTRA FUN ON TABLETS!

Officially supported phones and tablets:
* Nexus One
* Samsung Galaxy S
* Samsung Galaxy S II (Please disable sound! This device crashes with sound on, we're working on a fix!)
* HTC Desire HD
* HTC Desire
* Samsung Galaxy Tab
* ZTE Blade
* ZTE Light
* Acer A500 Tablet
* Motorola Xoom

A minimum processor speed of 600MHz is recommended. A screen resolution of 800x480 or higher is recommended but the game runs on lower resolutions.

IF YOU HAVE PERFORMANCE ISSUES:
Disable sound effects and music from the main menu.
If the game still runs slow, when in a level click the menu button and choose "Graphics Settings". Disable shadow effects and put the rope/cable quality at 50%.

GALAXY S II USERS:
Please disable sound/music in the game. The audio backend crashes on this phone and we're working on solving this as soon as possible!
