This version was got on 2011-06-10. And has about 750 pages...

Apress' official book page: http://www.apress.com/9781430234043

From that site:
Pro ASP.NET MVC 3 Framework

3rd Edition

By Adam Freeman , Steven Sanderson

The ASP.NET MVC 3 Framework is the latest evolution of Microsoft’s ASP.NET web platform. It provides a radically new high-productivity programming model that promotes cleaner code architecture, test-driven development, and powerful extensibility, combined with all the benefits of ASP.NET 4.

In this, the third edition, the core model-view-controller (MVC) architectural concepts are not simply explained or discussed in isolation, but are demonstrated in action. You’ll work through an extended tutorial to create a working e-commerce web application that combines ASP.NET MVC with the latest C# language features and unit-testing best practices. By gaining this invaluable, practical experience, you’ll discover MVC’s strengths and weaknesses for yourself—and put your best-learned theory into practice.

The book's authors, Steve Sanderson and Adam Freeman, have both watched the growth of ASP.NET MVC since its first release. Steve is a well known blogger on the MVC Framework and a member of the Microsoft Web Platform and Tools team. Adam started designing and building web applications 15 years ago and has been responsible for some of the world's largest and most ambitious projects. You can be sure you are in safe hands.
What you’ll learn

Gain a solid architectural understanding of ASP.NET MVC 3, including basic MVC
Explore the entire ASP.NET MVC Framework
See how MVC and test-driven development work in action
Capitalize on your existing knowledge quickly and easily through comparison of features in classic ASP.NET to those in ASP.NET MVC
Learn about the latest security and deployment issues, including those related to IIS 7

Who this book is for

This book is for web developers with a basic knowledge of ASP.NET and C# who want (or need) to start using the new ASP.NET MVC 3 Framework.


ISBN13: 978-1-4302-3404-3
820 Pages (Only 750 odd in this ALPHA release!)
User Level: Intermediate to Advanced
Publishing June 30, 2011, but available now as part of the Alpha Program (This is what this release is)