Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Hot in Herre" is a popular song and single performed by the hip-hop artist Nelly, and was released in 2002 as the first single on his album Nellyville. The song's producers were The Neptunes. "Hot in Herre" incorporates the hook from go-go performer Chuck Brown's 1979 #1 R&B hit "Bustin' Loose."

"Hot in Herre" has been covered by a number of artists, including The BossHoss; Jenny Owen Youngs (whose version also has an accompanying video on YouTube); Coldplay; Wang Chung, on the television show Hit Me, Baby, One More Time; Canadian electronic artist Tiga, who remade "Hot in Herre" with Scissor Sisters lead singer Jake Shears on vocals, giving it a more monotone, electro feel (this reached #46 in the UK); and Widespread Panic, whose cover was featured on an episode of The O.C., is featured on their album Jackassolantern, and was performed at one of their famed Halloween shows at UNO Lakefront Arena in New Orleans. In the live version of "Jocko Homo" on Devo's album, DEVOlution is Real: Live in Central Park, Mark Mothersbaugh briefly sings the chorus of "Hot in Herre" before Jocko Homo's "O-HI-O" breakdown. Jill Sobule covered the song acoustically at a live performance in Seattle with Melissa Ferrick. The small-time Minnesotan band "The Pickle Farmers" recorded cover that is similar in theme to that of Jenny Owen Youngs. DJ hero 2 has the song remixed with Regulate (song)

Tiga (pronounced /ˈtiːɡə/) is the stage name of Montreal-born DJ/producer Tiga James Sontag (born 1974). His album Sexor won the 2007 Juno Award for Dance Recording of the Year.

He graduated from Selwyn House School, a prestigious school in Westmount. Before producing music, he was involved in the promotion of rave parties in his native city during the early 1990s, also Tiga was involved in the creation of world renowned afterhours club SONA. In 1994, he opened a record store named DNA Records, and in 1998 founded his own label, Turbo Recordings.

Tiga is widely known for his remixes: Tomas Andersson's "Washing Up", Scissor Sisters' "Comfortably Numb" and Felix da Housecat's "Madame Hollywood" but also for his covers of Nelly's "Hot in Herre" and Corey Hart's "Sunglasses at Night". He produces his own material, but has also worked with Zyntherius, Richard X and Jake Shears from Scissor Sisters. He has frequently collaborated with Mateo Murphy (with whom Tiga forms the duo TGV) and Jesper Dahlbäck, who had produced many of Tiga's newer remixes. Tiga is also good friends with Stephen and David Dewaele from Soulwax, who produced about half of the tracks on Tiga's debut album Sexor. His song "3 Weeks" has received repeated airplay in night clubs. Soulwax are currently producing Tiga's second album. His song "You Gonna Want Me" was featured on CTV's So You Think You Can Dance Canada commercial.

As of late 2008, Tiga has continued to produce music in collaboration with Zombie Nation under the pseudonym ZZT; Three 12" releases have resulted from the collaboration,.

In 2009 he released his second album called Ciao!, with production from Soulwax, James Murphy, Jesper Dahlback, and Montreal native Gonzales. In February 2010 his Remix of Boys Noize's "Transmission" was released on Boys Noize Records.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/