Rio (often promoted as Rio: The Movie) is a 2011 American 3D computer-animated film and Blue Sky Studios's sixth feature film. The title refers to the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, in which the film is set.
It is directed by Carlos Saldanha. The characters are voiced by Jesse Eisenberg, Anne Hathaway, George Lopez, Jake T. Austin, Tracy Morgan, Jemaine Clement, Leslie Mann, will.i.am, and Jamie Foxx.


In a jungle near the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, birds fly and sing, while a baby Spix's Macaw who cannot fly watches. Several of the birds, including the macaw, are caged by smugglers, and are taken to Moose Lake, Minnesota in the United States. The box containing the baby bird is accidentally left on the street, where it is found by a girl named Linda (Leslie Mann), who names him "Blu".
Fifteen years later, Linda now owns and lives in a bookstore with Blu (Jesse Eisenberg), who still has not learned how to fly. A scientist from Brazil, Túlio (Rodrigo Santoro), tells Linda that Blu is the last male of his species, and he needs to take him to Rio, so that Blu can mate with a female to preserve the species.

There, Blu meets the female macaw, Jewel (Anne Hathaway). Blu falls for her, but she is only interested in escaping. The shelter is then raided by smugglers, who are let in by the head smuggler's cockatoo, Nigel (Jemaine Clement), who was posing as a sickly bird. Among them is Fernando (Jake T. Austin), a poor boy with no family, who only helps the smugglers to earn some money. Blu and Jewel are captured and chained together. Nigel introduces himself to them through song, explaining that he used to be a performing bird on a TV show, but was replaced by a much more attractive parakeet. Because of this he developed a hatred of exotic birds like Jewel, which is why he assists the smugglers in capturing such birds. After he departs, Blu and Jewel manage to escape. As they flee, Nigel chases them through the slums of Rio, and after losing Nigel, Blu and Jewel get lost in the nearby jungle.

The next day they meet a family of toucans. The father, Rafael (George Lopez), offers to take them to see his friend Luiz, who could remove the chain. Rafael also tries to teach Blu to fly, telling him that he just needs to "feel the rhythm" of his heart. After Blu tries and fails to fly, the group head into town, where they meet a Red-crested Cardinal named Pedro (Will.i.am) and his canary friend Nico (Jamie Foxx), whom Blu met before meeting Jewel. Meanwhile, Nigel enlists the aid of a group of thieving marmosets and their king Mauro (Brian Baumgartner), to find Blu and Jewel. Linda and Tulio try and find Blu, assisted by the repentant Fernando. Pedro and Nico take Blu and Jewel to a bird's samba club, where Blu starts to dance, culminating in a duet with Jewel. They are then attacked by the marmosets, but their bird friends, including a Spoonbill they met at the samba club named Kipo (Bernardo de Paula) fend them off long enough for Blu and company to escape.

Fernando leads Linda and Tulio to the smugglers hideout, where they learn the criminals plan to use Carnivale as a cover to regain Blu and Jewel and escape with their stolen birds. The group finally meet the Bulldog Luiz (Tracy Morgan), a supposed chainsaw professional, who attempts to saw through the chain, but unintentionally uses his drool to lubricate Blu and Jewel's feet enough for them to slip through. Jewel is overjoyed at being able to fly again, but Blu isn't, knowing they will have to part ways. Unfortunately, Jewel is then captured by Nigel. When Pedro and Nico inform Blu of Jewel's capture, he decides to mount a rescue, using Luiz as a steed to follow Nigel.

Linda and Tulio make their way into Carnivale by posing as dancers, but Blu is captured by Nigel as well as Rafael, Nico, and Pedro. Linda and Tulio follow the smugglers, but are too late to stop them from taking off in their plane. During the flight, Blu manages to break out of his cage, and they all fly away except for Jewel, who knows Blu is afraid to because he still can't fly. Nigel then appears, holding down Blu and smashing a cage onto Jewel's wing, injuring her. Blu manages to blast Nigel out of the plane by attaching a fire extinguisher to his leg and is accidentally hit by the plane propeller.

Jewel, now flightless, is pushed out of the plane by a falling cage, and Blu jumps out after her. Jewel is surprised and touched that Blu went after her, and as they fall, she kisses him. Blu is then overcome by the rhythm of his heart, holds out his wings, and flies, saving himself and Jewel. They then descend and return to Linda and Tulio, who attempts to tend to Jewel's hurt wing. Jewel is reluctant at first, but Blu convinces her to accept Tulio's help.

Linda and Tulio later found the "Blu Bird Sanctuary", a part of Rio's jungle protected from smugglers. Blu and Linda remain very close, though she also has a relationship with Tulio now, and is now living in Rio to help run the Blu Bird Sanctuary along with Fernando whom the couple is hinted at taking on. Blu on the other hand, joins Jewel, whose wing is fully healed. The film ends portraying Blu in the jungle fathering three chicks (two boys and a girl) with Jewel, as well as lively sing and dance from their friends and family.
Nigel survives his encounter, but not without a loss of many feathers and humiliation from Mauro, who is seen taking pictures and laughing at him and the smugglers go to jail.

THIS IS A CAM RIP