 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51YPvGEHe-L._SS500_.jpg


People Pictures: 30 Exercises for Creating Authentic Photographs 


Publisher: Peachpit Press 
CHRIS ORWIG
2011 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 0321774973
224 Pages 
PDF ,Epub 
32.6 MB

Bestselling author/photographer Chris Orwig offers 30 photographic exercises to renew your passion for capturing the people in your world. This is not a traditional portrait photography book. The goal isn’t flattery, but connection and depth. Whether you are a student, busy parent, or seasoned pro photographer, these exercises provide an accessible framework for exploration and growth.

With titles like: Be Quiet, Turn the Camera Around, and the Fabric of Family, each of the 30 exercises encourages you to have fun and experiment at your own pace. With step-by-step instructions and using natural light, you will explore everything from street, lifestyle, candid, and environmental shots. The projects are small artistic endeavors meant to change how you see and the pictures that you make. All that’s required is a camera, an intrepid attitude, curiosity, and some imagination.


 
http://picload.org/image/wpacrr/mantesh.jpeg


Your Camera Loves You: Learn to Love It Back


Peachpit Press 
Khara Plicanic
2011 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 0321784103 
242 Pages
PDF 
23.6 MB


Wait–what!? You’re not thrilled with the photos you’re getting from your digital camera? The answer isn’t a new camera–it’s learning to use the one you’ve got! After all, it's not the camera that takes great photos–it's the person behind it.

With Your Camera Loves You: Learn to Love it Back, photographer and instructor Khara Plicanic teaches the basics of photography and digital camera functions that you can apply to any camera, anywhere, any time–answering questions like: What do all those different modes mean and when do I use them? What’s a megapixel and why should I care? Follow along with Khara’s simple explanations of shutter speed, aperture, and shooting modes to get comfortable handling your camera (even bossing it around a bit!), learn to shoot images that tell a story, and understand the thought process involved in making a great photograph. Along the way you’ll learn techniques for improving those yellow dingy photos of your kids’ indoor sporting events, fixing exposure on shots that are too dark or too bright, avoiding the dangers of over-cropping, and much more. By the time you’re finished, you’ll know how to best use the features of whatever camera you already have–whether it’s a high-performance DSLR or a basic point-and-shoot camera.

Get ready to fall in love with your camera (and photography) all over again! With Your Camera Loves You, you will:

• Move beyond “Auto” mode to take advantage of more of your camera’s features and settings
• Discover that the key to getting great images isn’t by using a fancy DSLR but by learning your way around whatever camera you have
• Learn from Khara’s fun, friendly voice and techno-babble-free explanations how to easily improve your photos
• And as you learn, share your progress by posting your photos on Flickr.

[/color][/quote][/b]


