Crisis in the Kremlin is a 1991 video game in which the player acts as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 to 2017. The player assumes the role of the reformist Mikhail Gorbachev, the nationalist Boris Yeltsin, or the hardline Yegor Ligachev.[4] Actual jokes recorded by the KGB can be found in the gameplay, depicting the concerns of the Soviet people in a humorous light.

General gameplay

Starting in 1985, the player handles various governing tasks, from policies such as civil rights and the workweek to budgets. It was the first game to include the individual allocation of funding in a budget.[5] A significant portion of the game involves special events, such as the 1988 Armenian earthquake or the Chernobyl disaster.[4] The player's responses to these events can involve taking the historical route or a dramatically different approach; all choices must be made by picking up the appropriate telephone. The player must walk a line between reformists and hardliners. Overly favoring either side can cause the player to fall out in favor with the other, which may lead to a vote of confidence in the Politburo. Warsaw Pact states will also begin to shy away from the Soviet Union, as will the Baltic states and the Ukraine.
This screenshot shows a poorly managed game taking place in the 2010s with the Russian people in severe turmoil. A food shortage is taking place which is about to turn into a severe crisis.

The player may cut or increase spending to various parts of the nation, such as construction, environment, the military, pensions, Soviet Republics, and so on.[4] The player can spend toward different groups, such as bureaucrats or conservatives, to gain their support.[4] A food shortage can occur, for example, if not enough money is being spent on agriculture and transport (roads, buses, railroads, trucks, highways, etc.).

Extra events occur if the player lasts past the Soviet Union's (and the game's own) time frame, such as American intervention in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea or the ability to disband the Soviet Union in favor of the Russian Federation while transferring the player's office from General Secretary to President.[4] New technology will also develop, as will fears of an asteroid hitting the earth. The new technology can include things like vaccines for AIDS (developed by Soviet scientists that will improve diplomatic relationships with other nations) and animal cloning solutions that will prevent world hunger - using in vitro meat.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

nice political "what if" simulator, if you into that kind of games imho a must have because there aren´t many of them and this 91 classic showed a lot of the style of a modern political sim/SgtS