Please help seed!

Instructions:
-------------------
1. Download.
2. Extract.
3. Copy extracted folders to your WoW/Interface/AddOns folder.
   - Both Horde and Alliance folders are included, if you don\'t play both, don\'t worry, WoW will only load the appropriate guide.
4. Launch WoW.
5. Once you are logged in and at your character screen, click the AddOns button and make sure that ZygorGuidesViewer and ZygorTalentAdvisor are checked.
6. Launch the game and enjoy.

Bug Fixes:
-------------------
January 3rd, 2012

Alliance Guides Change Log:
+ All new in-game Macros Guide added

Alliance Leveling
- Fixed a typo where "Ravager Eggs" was written as "Ravenger"

Alliance/Horde Dailies & Events
- Fixed some conditional steps in the Darkmoon Faire guide that were missing an extra skill tag. Changed "You the _" to "Use the ability on your action bar". Also changed the word "Trophy's" to "Trophies".
- Changed Coldarra Spellbinders to "Spellweavers" in the Borean Tundra Pre-Quests section.

Alliance Achievements
- Food items needed for the "Taste Like Chicken" are now purchased from Ironforge vendors instead of Stormwind ones who did not sell the items.

Alliance Professions
- Changed the Grand Master section of the cooking guide to use home city Auctioneers since Dalaran has none. Adjusted hearth steps accordingly.

Horde Guides Change Log:
+ All new in-game Macros Guide added

Horde Leveling
Fixed the quest id numbers for the raptor nest eggs in Northern Barrens
- Fixed a typo where "Ravager Eggs" was written as "Ravenger"

Alliance/Horde Dailies & Events
- Fixed some conditional steps in the Darkmoon Faire guide that were missing an extra skill tag. Changed "You the _" to "Use the ability on your action bar". Also changed the word "Trophy's" to "Trophies".
- Changed Coldarra Spellbinders to "Spellweavers" in the Borean Tundra Pre-Quests section.

Horde Achievements
- Added map zone name to the coordinates of npc "Nerrist" and improved travel to Booty Bay in the Iron Chef section.
- Reversed the objective numbers for Bear's Head and Storm Cliffs in the Explorer section.

Horde Professions
- Removed an extra hearth step in the Cooking section.
- Changed the Grand Master section of the cooking guide to use home city Auctioneers since Dalaran has none. Adjusted hearth steps accordingly.
 
Zygor Guides Info:
-------------------
The Cataclysm is upon us! Level from 1-85 now with the fastest, most feature rich guide in the world.

    Completely Redesigned Minimalist User Interface. Switch Between Full or Mini View Modes, the choice is yours
    4 Full 1-60 Guides For Kalimdor & Eastern Kingdoms. 40 Zones Covered, 12 More Than Competing Guides
    2 Full 60-70 Guides For Outland and Northrend
    5 Full 80-85 Guides For All Cataclysm Zones
    Goblin and Worgen Starter Guides Included
    In-Game Talent Build Advisor For All Skill Trees
    Built In Waypoint Arrow, No TomTom Or Other Addons Needed
    NEW! Loremaster Achievement Guide
    All Dailies Covered for both Cataclysm and Wrath of the Lich King.
    Covers all Prerequisites Required To Unlock Dailies including full zone guides for Uldum and Deepholm.
    Speed Gold Runs Make You Over 300 Gold In Just An Hour
    Includes All 10 Seasonal Events Needed For The What A Long, Strange Trip It\'s Been Achievement
    Get Your Crusader Title And Earn Epic & Heirloom Items