Once more, AC/DC makes another fine album. Great tunes here,
in tradition of preceeding AC/DC albums.
With "Blow Up Your Video" you get a good example of how AC/DC kept it all real. They didn't go with what was current, they didn't buy into the hype of fashion and publicity.
They just had a will to rock, and the will, and geuis to do so.
Although not as good as other 80's albums, (Black...For Those...Switch...) it is better than "Fly On The Wall" (although that's a pretty good album.) Out of all 10 songs, the best would be "Heatseeker", "That's The Way I Wanna Rock N Roll", 
"Some Sin For Nuthin'", "Ruff Stuff", and "Meanstreak".
"Meanstreak" has an undeniable funk, and you can't help but get something either bobbing or tapping in time to it's beat.
"Some Sin..." is a slower, burning number, with a good hook, and classic rock feel, plus a dash of R&B.
"Heatseeker", one of the live show staples, just plain rocks out.
With the twelve-bar blues structure, and good...everything.
"That's The Way..." is yet again, a fast paced rocker, with kick and bite to it, paying tribute to the good old days of rock.
(An add for Chevy cars used a clip of this song which mentions a Chevy in a magazine, once.)
"Ruff Stuff" is a pure, all-out hook-fest.(as described in the booklet). With a good melodic tint to it, and an equally melodic hooky riff, this song is one of their best, and has a somewhat "different" sound for AC/DC.
And the others are good, too. If you can only buy two albums from the new set of re-masters, get this, and my personal favorite, "Flick Of The Switch". You'll go home happy, and have these songs stuck in your head for quite a while (but that's a good thing, isn't it...) 

by Chris Pollman

TRACKLIST:

01 - Heatseeker.wma                                         
02 - That's The Way I Wanna Rock N Roll.wma                 
03 - Mean Streak.wma                                        
04 - Go Zone.wma                                            
05 - Kissin' Dynamite.wma                                   
06 - Nick Of Time.wma                                       
07 - Some Sin For Nuthin'.wma                               
08 - Ruff Stuff.wma                                         
09 - Two's Up.wma                                           
10 - This Means War.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO