 DtSearch.Engine is a powerful and robust information retrieval tool, having been in continous evelopment since 1991. It enables you to search through terabytes of text in under a second because it builds an index that stores the location of the words in your files. 

DtSearch.Engine automatically recognises and supports all popular file formats and never alters your original files. You can choose to index drives (including removable media), folders, files, Outlook folders or use the built-in Spider to index Web sites. 

Uniquely dtSearch Desktop can perform un-indexed as well as "combination" searches to search files that have not been indexed.

 DtSearch.Engine has dozens of advanced indexing options to give you complete control over the content of each index. It will automatically collect Meta data from HTML, Word and PDF documents as well as from media files such as MP3, ASF and WMV to allow field searching. Indexes can be automatically updated by using the Windows Task Scheduler to reflect additions, deletions and modifications to your document collection.

BEAN released the newest build of “DtSearch Engine”. The dtSearch Engine is in use in hundreds of commercial applications. See Case Studies & 3rd Party Solutions for over a hundred developer case studies

The dtSearch product line can instantly search terabytes of text across a desktop, network, Internet or Intranet site. dtSearch products also serve as tools for publishing, with instant text searching, large document collections to Web sites or portable media. Developers can embed dtSearch’s instant searching and file format support into their own applications.



Key features:
dtSearch products include 25+ full-text and fielded data search options, with Unicode support for hundreds of international languages.
All products highlight hits in popular web-based formats (HTML, XSL/XML and PDF), while displaying embedded links, formatting and images.
Proprietary file parsers/converters provide hit-highlighted displays of other popular file types (word processor, database, spreadsheet, email and email attachments, ZIP, etc.)
Built-in Spider adds static and dynamic (ASP.NET, MS CMS, SharePoint