PREVIEW :
 
http://bayimg.com/NAiLoaAde

PLEASE SEED AFTER DOWNLOAD..(DOWNLOAD TXT FIRST)

Aplus DVD Ripper Professional is an all-in-one DVD Ripper Copy Converter program which helps to copy rip convert your DVD movies (even it is protected) to avi, divx, xvid, mpeg, wmv, wmv8, wmv9, rm, rmvb, mp4, 3GP, 3GP2, flv format video and mp3, ac3, aac, wma, wav, m4a audio files.

With Aplus DVD Ripper Professional , you will be able to rip and enjoy your DVDs movies (even it is protected) on Apple iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Sony PSP, PS3, BlackBerry, Microsoft Zune, Windows Mobile Pocket PC, Archos Media Player, Creative Zen Visoin (and Vision M), Disney Mix Max Player, xBox360, HP iPAQ Pocket PC, Windows Smartphone, Cell/ mobile Phone, Windows CE handheld device and any portable media player.
What's new in lastest version DVD Ripper Professional:

1). New Version With xvid / h.264 encoder ensure compress with high speed and no loss movie quality.
2). with latest industry standard compression technology no loss of quality of image and sound quality.
3). With the newest DVD ripper technology support all DVD movie discs with all kinds of DVD movies.


Key Features DVD Ripper

1. Various settings provide the flexibility and effectiveness of output.
2. Choose subtitles and Audio tracks to rip.
3. Output file size is adjustable. You can compress movies to any size you need.
4. Supports preview. You can see the ripping progress in a preview window.
5. Choose different DVD types: both NTSC and PAL are supported.
6. Rip DVD movies to avi, divx, xvid, 10% size, same quality.
7. Rip DVD movies to MPEG1/VCD PAL/NTSC, MPEG2/SVCD PAL/NTSC.
8. Rip DVD movies to MP4/H264 ,MP3, M4A,AAC for iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, Zune, Creative Zen players and other portable players.
9. Rip DVD movies to 3GP,3GP2, MP3, WMA, WAV, AAC, M4A for playback on almost all mobile phones
10. Rip DVD movies to WMV, WMV8, WMV9 for (Zune, Pocket PC, XBOX 360, Archos Media Player, HP iPAQ Pocket PC, Windows Smartphone, Windows CE handheld device, Creative Zen Vision...).
11. Rip DVD movies to small size Flash FLV Video (youtube's video)file for online distribution.
12. Rip DVD movies to RealPlayer RM, RMVB for online distribution.

Easy to Use ( DVD Ripper ):support windows all

(1) Select the output video format you want to generate
(2) Click "Start" or Click "Open" button to open dvd movie
(3) Show "Open DVD" dialog, select dvd disc to open
(4) Then it would automatically fast jump the movie menus extras to main movie
(5) And It shows "Record" dialog to set the beginning and ending point to rip
(6) Click OK, it begin converting...


DVD Copyright Disclaimer ( DVD Ripper ):
Copyright laws vary from country to country. In using APLUS SOFTWARE, we encourage you to determine whether this product or your intended use is legal. We do not encourage or condone the use of any software in violation of applicable laws.
You may use APLUS SOFTWARE in copying material in which you own the copyright or have obtained permission to copy from the copyright owner. If you do not own the copyright or you have not obtained the permission to copy from the copyright owner, you may be violating copyright law and you may be subject to claims for damages and/or criminal penalties.
By purchasing and/or using APLUS SOFTWARE, you agree that you are using this information in a legal way as permitted by the governing authorities and the relevant laws to which you are currently bound. You agree to waive all liabilities associated with the SOFTWARE.