 http://bayimg.com/cAkmjAaDN

Sibak (1994) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111180/

Sibak is a Filipino word which literally means chop, hack or slice. It is also an idiomatic expression used by Doj Roxas to denote the forceful thrusting of the penis into the vagina or to put it simply, a hard fuck.

Sibak: Midnight Dancers is the first of a series of three gay-themed movies by Mel Chionglo and Ricky Lee about the lives of macho dancers (strippers) in the gay bars of Manila. The later two are Burlesk King and Twilight Dancers. All three follow in the tradition of Lino Brocka's 1988 film Macho Dancer. This movie was banned in the Philippines.

The story revolves around the lives of three brothers who work as strippers in a gay bar. The oldest, Joel has a wife and a boyfriend. Dennis, the middle brother, steals car radios with his friends. The youngest Sonny, dropped out of college and has a transsexual lover.

Cheerfully tawdry and hysterically funny without wanting to be, Midnight Dancers is the kind of movie that threatens to give gay cinema a bad name -- a steamy potboiler with bad dialogue, low production values and yards of flesh. 

Vacillating between schmaltz and smut, Philippine director Mel Chionglo delivers a family melodrama, set in Manila, about three brothers who work as dancers/call boys at a seedy gay bar. When he isn't fixing his camera on undulating, over-oiled rent boys in triangular briefs, Chionglo shows the impact of the young mens' profession on their doting, lower-class mother (Perla Bautista). 

But don't let the sturm-und-drang distract you: For all its efforts to make a statement about the ruptured Philippine economy and its trickle-down effect on the morals of the common folk, Midnight Dancers is basically a cheap pretext for leering looks at buffed bodies on the slab. 

Riding that thin rail between junk cinema and flat-out camp, Midnight Dancers could be the Third World's answer to Showgirls-- a cautionary tale about the snake pits of show biz that revels in the sleaze it pretends to judge. 

The brothers are Dennis (Gandong Cervantes), a wild seed who expands his income by hooking on the streets; oldest brother Joel (Alex Del Rosario), who recently won the Mr. Macho Dancer title and manages to juggle a gay lover, a wife and a kid; and Sonny (Lawrence David), the youngest and most naive. 

Despite his mother's wish that he return to school, wide-eyed Sonny follows his brothers' lead into the world of pelvic thrusts, learns a glossary of whorehouse terms (to sing means to engage in fellatio), gets on-the-spot training as a dancer (Let your libido shine on your face) and takes a transvestite lover. 

This is your home away from home, announces Mommy (Soxy Topacio), the club's manager and resident pimp. A pudgy, middle-aged queen with bug eyes and Richard Simmons mannerisms -- a gay Stepin Fetchit -- Mommy prides himself on having an eye for talent and a history of elevating deserving youth from the gutter. 

Chionglo and screenwriter Richard Lee toss in a police raid, gang fights, an orphaned urchin who's taken in by the boys' mother, the career dreams of Joel's wife and a chunk of histrionics involving the boys' philandering stepfather and his shrewish girlfriend (Your sons are prostitutes! she screams at Mom). 

By taking a frank, mostly non judgmental look at underclass gays in modern Manila, Midnight Dancers may be a step forward for Philippine cinema. 

Chionglo undercuts his noble intentions, however, with his taste for tack, cheese and sleaze, and packages his Dancers with a cheap, glossy sheen. 

