Beyonce Giselle Knowles (born September 4, 1981), often known simply as Beyonce, is an American R&B; recording artist, actress and fashion designer. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she enrolled in various performing arts schools and was first exposed to singing and dancing competitions as a child. Knowles rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of the R&B; girl group Destiny's Child, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time.

During the hiatus of Destiny's Child, Knowles released her debut solo album Dangerously in Love in 2003, which spawned the number-one hits Crazy in Love and Baby Boy and became one of the most successful albums of that year, earning her a then record-tying five Grammy Awards. Following the group's disbandment in 2005, Knowles released her second solo album, B'Day in 2006. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and included the hits Irreplaceable and Beautiful Liar. Her third solo album I Am Sasha Fierce was released in 2008, and spawned the hit singles If I Were a Boy, Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) and Halo. The album earned Knowles six Grammys at the 52nd Grammy Awards, breaking the record for most Grammy Awards won by a female artist in one night. In 2011, Knowles released her fourth solo album 4, which became her fourth consecutive number-one album on the Billboard 200 as a solo artist. This made Knowles the second female artist and third artist overall, to have her first four studio albums debut atop the chart.

Apart from her work in music, Knowles has also launched a career in acting. In 2001, she made her debut in the musical film Carmen: A Hip Hopera, prior to appearing in major films, including Dreamgirls (2006), which earned her two Golden Globe nominations, and Cadillac Records (2008). In 2004, Knowles and her mother introduced their family's fashion line, House of Dereon, Knowles has also endorsed brands such as Pepsi, Tommy Hilfiger, Armani and L'Oreal. In June 2010, Knowles was ranked second on Forbes list of the 100 Most Powerful and Influential celebrities in the world, and first on its list of the Most Powerful and Influential musicians in the world.

Knowles has earned numerous awards and accolades. She is one of the most honored artists by the Grammys, and third among female artists, with a total of 16 Grammy Awards - 13 as a solo artist and 3 as a member of Destiny's Child. At the 2011 Billboard Music Awards, Knowles was honored with the Billboard Millennium Award for recognizing her career achievements and influence in the music industry. She was ranked the 4th Artist of the 2000s decade by Billboard, and was listed the most successful female artist of the 2000s, as well as the top radio artist. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), also recognized Knowles as the top certified artist of the 2000s. As of May 2010, Knowles has sold more than 11.2 million albums and 25 million singles in the United States. As of September 2009, she has sold 75 million records worldwide, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time.

- - -

4 is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Beyoncé Knowles, released through Columbia Records on June 24, 2011. Three weeks before its scheduled release, 4 leaked in full. The twelve-song set (eighteen on the deluxe edition) marks the first release by Knowles since separating professionally with father and manager, Mathew, in March 2011. In 2010, Knowles took a much needed break from her hectic career and the spotlight to recharge and reboot. During the hiatus from the biz, she dedicated herself to enjoying the simple and regular everyday things in life, which reignited her creativity and became a source of inspiration. Knowles also drew inspiration from Fela Kuti, Earth, Wind & Fire, Lionel Richie, with additional influences from The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Prince among others.

For the record, Knowles allowed herself the artistic freedom to record songs in which she wanted the melody and lyrics to come together naturally. She mixed the 1970s R&B;, the 1990s rock n roll as well as her hip hop character and used a lot of horns to create a new and broader sound with musical changes, bridges, vibrata, live instrumentation, and classic songwriting. Knowles' main objective was to bring back the emotion, live instruments and soul music, which according to her, were missing out of the music industry. Allowing herself to belt out some ballads featured on the track-listing of 4 which she described as a labor of love, Knowles further explained that she used a lot of the brassiness and grittiness in her voice that people had heard in her live performances, however, not necessarily on her studio material.

The record is predominately a R&B; and pop music album; critics noted a predominant late 1970s and early 1980s R&B; and soul music influences. 4 takes on matters of the heart with a mixture of ballads, mid- and up-tempos. Common themes in the album include womanhood and monogamy. Upon its release, 4 received mostly positive reviews from critics, who viewed it as a progression from Knowles' previous albums and commended its mid-tempo musical style, understated production, and her vocal performance. However, some criticized its ballads and songwriting. In the United States, the album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 310,000 copies in its first week. It also became a number-one chart hit in several other countries.

Preceding the album's release, lead single Run the World (Girls) was released for digital download worldwide on April 21, 2011. The single was rushed for release after an early demo leaked on April 18, 2011. Best Thing I Never Had , was released on June 1, 2011, as the album's second single. (wikipedia)

- - -

Beyonce - 4  2011 
(New York Sony)

 1. 1 + 1 
 2. I care 
 3. I miss you  
 4. Best thing I never had 
 5. Party 
 6. Rather die young 
 7. Start over 
 8. Love on top 
 9. Countdown 
10. End of time 
11. I was here  
12. Run the world (Girls) 
13. Lay up under me 
14. Schoolin' life 
15. Dance for you  
16. Run the world (Girls) (Kaskade club remix)  
17. Run the world (Girls) (Redtop club remix)  
18. Run the world (Girls) (Jochen Simms club remix)
