


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 2 - Bible Study - Part 11 - David Wilkerson Apostasy - The Falling Away


POtHS 2 - Bible Study - Part 11 - David Wilkerson Apostasy - The Falling Away


David Wilkerson Sermons:
The Reverend David Wilkerson is an American Christian evangelist. He is also the founding Pastor of Times Square Church in New York City, an interdenominational church, and President of World Challenge, Inc.  Wilkerson's sermons are known for being direct and frank. He emphasizes Christian beliefs, such as: God's holiness and righteousness, God's love towards humans and especially Christian views of Jesus. Wilkerson tries to avoid categorizing Christians into distinct groups according to the parish they belong to, and as such he is considered by many to be a truly ecumenical evangelist.

God had a plan that you and I would not only survive but that we would be more than over comers. It doesn’t matter how wicked the world becomes and what the devil brings on society – we have abiding in us a power that is greater than any other power. This power is the Holy Spirit!! You have not fully received the Holy Spirit until you allow Him to do what He was sent to do. We are to cast every burden on Him –HE is the Burden Bearer. As we turn every burden over to Him – We are receiving Him.  David Wilkerson's powerful preaching against the Great Apostasy taking root in the Church in these last days

1973 Prophecy - The Vision by David Wilkerson.avi
Apostasia en la Iglesia by David Wilkerson.avi
David Wilkerson - When Preachers Do Not Preach Against Sin.avi
David Wilkerson A Call to Anguish.avi
David Wilkerson The Great Apostasy 1986.avi
Satans Final War Plan Exposed by David Wilkerson.avi
UN LLAMADO A LA ANGUSTIA david wilkerson2.avi


Pastor Mike's sureYnot.com channels have the current broadcasts posted:

Video http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/videos
Audio http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/audio

All other broadcast sites and channels are being updated as quickly as possible.
Thank you for your patience.
Visit Pastor Mike's New Video Channels and Websites!
WatchmanVideoBroadcast.com ǀ Video Channel:




POtHS Comments on This one:     This is good stuff.


Description:

Secrets of the Ages by John Triplett with Amazing Discovries:
John Triplett was once an aspiring hip-hop artist and devout atheist, John surrendered his life to Jesus Christ in 1997 through the study of the intricacies of secret societies. Since becoming a Christian, he has taught internationally the same Bible truths that changed his life. Because of his background, his passion is to expose current end-time deceptions, and to lead others into a saving relationship with Jesus Christ.

This series focuses on hidden secrets and agendas found within various religious beliefs and the deceptions of those religions as they pertain to Christianity, the Church and the Holy Bible.  These 9 sessions provide insight into the origins of devil worship, how it has transformed under the mask of certain Christian Churches, various Biblical topics and astonishing insights into God's marvels and expectations for his people, and Biblical Prophecies relating to these modern times. A must see for all.

 Jesus Appears - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.[/size]


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    





 
      