Movies : Drama : DVD Full : English







Two of Us (2000)(VH1 Television Film)(Paul McCartney & John Lennon 1976)(Untouched DVD+Menu+English+Russian Audio)










Two of Us is a 2000 television drama (and the third original VH1 film) which offers a dramatized account of April 24, 1976 (six years after the break-up of The Beatles), the day in which Lorne Michaels made a statement on Saturday Night Live offering The Beatles $3,000 to reunite on his program.

It was directed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg (who also directed the 1970 Beatles film, Let it Be) and starred Jared Harris as John Lennon and Aidan Quinn as Paul McCartney. The Beatles historian, Martin Lewis, served as the film's technical advisor, and the screenplay was written by "longtime Beatles fan and Beatlefest attendee, Mark Stanfield."

The title of the film comes from the 1970 Beatles song, "Two of Us".













Historical background:

There was great public demand for a Beatles reunion during the 1970s. For example, in September 1976, American promoter Sid Bernstein, who had booked many of the Beatles' historic American appearances in 1964-1966, published a full-page ad in the New York Times publicly requesting the group to reunite and offering millions of dollars. On April 24, 1976, Saturday Night Live producer Lorne Michaels parodied such offers with an on-air announcement that he would pay the Beatles $3000 if they would perform on his program together. He joked, "divide [the money] up any way you want. If you want to give less to Ringo, that's up to you." John Lennon discussed the Saturday Night Live episode, as well as his relationship with McCartney, in a September 1980 interview for Playboy:
“ Paul and I were together watching that show. He was visiting us at our place in the Dakota. We were watching it and almost went down to the studio, just as a gag. We nearly got into a cab, but we were actually too tired [...] That was a period when Paul just kept turning up at our door with a guitar. I would let him in, but finally I said to him, 'Please call before you come over. It's not 1956 and turning up at the door isn't the same anymore. You know, just give me a ring.' He was upset by that, but I didn't mean it badly. I just meant that I was taking care of a baby all day and some guy turns up at the door. . . . But, anyway, back on that night, he and Linda walked in and he and I were just sitting there, watching the show, and we went, 'Ha-ha, wouldn't it be funny if we went down?' but we didn't.”

Paul McCartney also remembered the event for an interview: "[John] said, 'We should go down there. We should go down now and just do it.' It was one of those moments where we said, 'Let's not and say we did.' "


Full review: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two_of_Us_%282000_television%29




Screenshots:








Info:

DVD5

DVD Video

MPEG2

AC3

NTSC 4:3 (720x480) VBR

Russian (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)

English (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)











ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!



