-=- Proudly Presents -=-

E.Y.E: Divine Cybermancy (c) Streum On Studio

Release On   : 2 August 2011            Disk Amount/Format : 1 DVD ISO
Type of Game : Shooter                  Media Protection   : Steam

Release Information:

As a member of the strange secret society E.Y.E, you wake up after a fight
in which your fellow teammates were killed. E.Y.E, an armed branch of the
Secreta Secretorum is attempting a coup against the all-powerful
Federation, a coalition of several worlds and planets that rule with an
iron fist.

To complicate matters, E.Y.E itself is plagued with its own internal
conflicts between the Jian faction and the Culter faction, to which you
belong. Your loyalties are torn between Commander Rimanah, your superior
and the chief of the Secreta who is a separatist with an unstoppable
ambition, and the "Mentor" your friend and instructor. The "Mentor" tries
at all costs to unite the two rival factions. In doing so, you are thrust
into the middle of a fratricidal war frought with political conspiracies
and quests for power in which different groups and megacorporations are
implicated.

These troubles set the stage for an attack by an unknown force bent on
destroying humankind.

Features:

Multiplayer co-op modes directly influence solo play, and vice-versa. The
limits of solo and multiplayer games are finally left behind.

Psychological and mental trauma management.

25 weapons, different shooting modes, dynamic precision, drilling shots,
iron sighting, extended zoom.

Complete hacking system with game play impact

9 devastatingly subtle PSI powers.

More than 20 NPC with non-scripted, fully reactive and efficient AI,
endowed with a sense of initiative. Bloody close combat with technical
detail. Incredible physical movement realism thanks to Source Engine
physics.

Excellent replayability - primary and secondary missions, dynamic
environments, non-linear level progression, and random NPC spawn, type
and appearance. Death doesn't penalize players: no need to restart the
current mission.

Open-level gameplay for hours of fun without reloading.

Burn/mount, install, copy crack, play!

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs
" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "