Abraham-Hicks 2010 2nd Workshop Collection

THIS and the "Abraham-Hicks 2010 1st Workshop Collection" torrent contain ALL the 36 Complete Workshop Recordings, ALL 3 Cruises and 8 out of 17 of the Highlight Recordings for 2010. 

Content description is at: 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/category/49.html

This torrent includes the following Workshops:
2010-05-08 Dallas, TX 1CD
2010-05-22 Washington, DC 1CD
2010-06-26 Seattle, WA 4CDs 
2010-07-04 Alaskan Cruise 10CDs 
2010-07-17 Portland, OR 4CDs 
2010-07-24 San Francisco, CA 4CDs 
2010-07-31 North Los Angeles, CA 4CDs 
2010-08-21 San Diego, CA 4CDs 
2010-08-28 West Los Angeles, CA 4CDs 
2010-09-11 Denver, CO 4CDs
2010-09-14 Kansas City, KS 4CDs 
2010-09-18 Chicago, IL 4CDs 
2010-09-25 Boston, MA 4CDs
2010-10-02 Stamford, CT 4CDs 
2010-10-04 Philadelphia, PA 4CDs 
2010-10-09 Washington, DC 4CDs 
2010-10-12 Asheville, NC 4CDs 
2010-10-13 Asheville, NC 4CDs 
2010-10-16 Atlanta, GA 4CDs 
2010-10-20 Dallas, TX 4CDs 
2010-11-13 Austin, TX 4CDs 
2010-12-04 Phoenix, AZ 4CDs

Remember, you can choose which workshops to download but I recommend that you replace the previous individual downloads with this collection and please seed it.

For more Abraham-Hicks Torrents please go to:  
http://koti.welho.com/walkusko/Abraham-Hicks_Torrents/
See info file inside.

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community, which is in 'Google Groups'   
https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/abeallows
It is using this forum for discussions and as a group mailing for those who like to be informed of new torrents and of new developments of its common interest. Its intention is to connect with those who are attracting Abraham's material via torrents. You are Welcome to join it if you share its intention.

There are some of us, who would like to have ALL of the Abraham's recordings at fast download speed via torrents and well organized. If you would like to take part in making this vision materialized sooner, then please let me know by E-mail AbeAllows@gmail.com

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!

Abraham, Jerry and Esther Hicks  
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

If you are not familiar with teaching of Abraham then here are some gifts from Jerry and Esther to get you started.

In 1985, Jerry and Esther Hicks began dialogs with Abraham. But who, or what, is/are, Abraham . . . really? Abraham is a name. A symbol. A feeling. Abraham is a Non-Physical entity - whom Esther calls "infinite intelligence" and Jerry refers to as "the purest form of love I've ever encountered."

Louise Hay calls them "some of the best teachers on the planet today." She is the Hay House founder and best-selling author of inspirational, self-help books including Heal Your Body, You Can Heal Your Life ...

To Dr. Wayne Dyer they are "the great Masters of the Universe!" He is an internationally best-selling author of more than 30 books including The Power of Intention, Change Your Thoughts - Change Your Life...

... everything you need to know about Life and how to make it work... All the tools with which to create the experiences you've always wanted. -- Neale Donald Walsch, author, Conversations with God, on The Teachings of Abraham.

My wife and I have enjoyed these profound and extremely practical Abraham teachings for several years. -- John Gray, PhD. author, Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus

The Abraham-Hicks teachings have inspired me to a grand new level of clarity, confidence, purpose, and passion. -- Alan Cohen, author, A Deep Breath of Life

... practical teachings of Abraham will have you trusting your inner guidance again, and will set you on course for the most uplifting adventures imaginable. -- Jack Canfield, co-author of the Chicken Soup for the Soul series


The Teachings of Abraham are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience. 

Abraham, a group of obviously evolved teachers, speak their broader Non-physical perspective through the physical apparatus of Esther. Speaking to our level of comprehension, from their present moment to our now, through a series of loving, allowing, brilliant yet comprehensively simple, recordings in print and in sound -- they guide us to a clear connection with our Inner Being -- they guide us to self-upliftment from our total self. 

Check out Abraham for yourself. It's the only way to go and the only way to know. 

And finally - from Jerry - "Mr. Practical": "I don't know what they are and I don't care what they are. I'm just using them for the good it will do for myself and others."

Jerry and Esther never used the word channeling, because it means many things of which they are not. You don't call the magnificent master musician a channeler, but he is. He's channeling the broader essence of who he is into the specifics of what he is about.


Jerry and Esther deliver an inspirational message of joy and well-being. They travel to over forty cities every year, offering workshops where participants direct their questions to Abraham and learn ways to achieve all that is desired in life.  

"The Teachings of Abraham" is the original source material for the current Law of Attraction wave that is sweeping the world, and it is the 21st century inspiration for thousands of books, films, essays and lectures that are responsible for the current paradigm shift in consciousness. 

At www.abraham-hicks.com you will find accurate clarification of the basics of the Law of Attraction and practical applications as well as up-to-the-moment leading-edge expanding information regarding the Law of Attraction. (Also known as "The Teachings of Abraham") This is the fountainhead of the information upon which the hit movie, "The Secret" was based.

Law of Attraction says, "That which is like unto itself is drawn." Everything is valid and everything is truthful, because Law of Attraction lets everything be. The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.


Living a better-feeling life really comes down to one thing only: coming into alignment with the Energy of our Source. Abraham reminds us that we are truly Source Energy focused into our physical bodies, and that a conscious Connection to that Broader Non-Physical part of us is necessary if we are to be the joyful Beings that we were born to be. Abraham calls that wonderful alignment Getting into the Vortex.

"Whenever you attend an Abraham-Hicks seminar, the first thing you'll notice that sets them apart from all others is that the seminars are interactive on many levels. The agenda is never pre-determined, but is spontaneously created by Abraham's response to the participants in the workshop. It is uncanny how Abraham is aware of not only the consensus of questions in the audience, but every individual question that arises in the room as the seminar progresses."


Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!
