Game is MULTI3 - EFG - ENG/FRA/GER

Game is online ONLY! But that doesnt matter due to the excellent
fake steam api config tool, where you choose your unique steam user
and play worldwide with other steam users 

Choose your language in the config tool too!

Release

CRASHER is the first Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) game to
stage motorized team battles, pitting up to 5 vs. 5 players. The usual
mouse-controlled heroes are replaced by heavily-armed vehicles hurtling
across huge maps at 150 mph. Each vehicle belongs to one of the
6 CRASHER classes (specialized in close or range combat, defense
healing etc.), and features specific skills and tactical features
enabling players to design a well-balanced team

Among the available game modes, the CRASHER Terrority Control mode
places players at the heart of intense strategic battles, in which they
must capture and defend map areas. The CRASHER Battle Arena mode offers
quicker, fast-paced battles in evolving maps. No respawns occur
here - each death is final, and the last standing allied survivors lead
their team to victory

XP points and items reward team victories and individual achievements
alike, offering countless skill customization possibilities. Players are
therefore free to design unique vehicles, suited to their own gaming
style, which will lead them to the heights of the CRASHER leaderboard!

Features:

* The first MOBA ever to stage motorized battles
* Over 15 vehicles available for launch, each featuring their own
specifications and tactical interests
* 6 vehicle classes, allowing each player to find a specific place
in the team
* Over 100 unique, vehicle-specific or unlockable skills
* Multiplayer team battles pitting up to 5 vs. 5 players in CRASHER
Terrority Control or CRASHER Battle Arena modes
* The experience earning system (and leaderboard) accounts for individual
achievements in battle and team results alike
* Almost infinite vehicle customization and itemization options
* Original and assertive graphic style and level design
* Fast-paced combat system fusing action, arcade-style
driving and strategy

Ripped: Nothing

/Team Backlash

install notes

1) Unpack (use unpack.bat)
2) Start Setup
3) Play!