Cant get it?
IVE GOT IT
xwhiteyx

Gallows have begun the unveiling of 'Grey Britain' the album and film as 'The Vulture (Act II)' debuted last night on radio and television. Rock Sound recently caught up with frontman Frank Carter to find out more about the band's ambitious plan to tell the story of their new album through a short film...

Bonjour Frank, how difficult was it to write the album then write a visual narrative for the singles and get it all filmed in time for the album's release?

''It was really difficult as I had quite a set idea of what I wanted to achieve with the whole project. I wrote the screenplay and we got Adam Powell to direct it as we are fans of some of the other stuff he has shot already. He has quite a grey approach and his videos look dark so it was a good fit for us. It was difficult because we have not shot that many videos in our time and we wanted to shoot a mixture of performance and story videos so we went all over London to get the footage. We did a lot in South London, SE1 and we ended up doing a sequence in London Bridge where we did ‘The Vulture (Act II)’ which was freezing as we were in the catacombs covered in blood.''

Why is ‘The Vulture (Acts II) the first video we will get?

''It is because unfortunately major labels run with what they want to do and they don’t really listen to what you’ve got to say. We recorded all the videos and there is a certain order they should be viewed in but when we release the album we will have a special edition version with a DVD that will have all the videos in order so everyone can watch it and get the narrative from that.''

What is the order of the screenplay?

''It is the intro and outro to the album then ‘London Is The Reason’, ‘I Dread The Night’, ‘The Vulture (Acts II) and ‘Misery’ in order. They are the four singles to be released from this record.''

Is there any main character that runs throughout that tells the story explicitly?

''It is a very specific story and there are characters rather than one. The Vulture is actually a character, he is my idea of death’s apprentice so he plays a very important role. Gallows are characters in there obviously, there is a priest who plays the role of Leeches who is in the album as well. There are a lot of tie ins like that throughout the film.''

Are there lyrically tie-ins as well as themes?

''Yeah there are lots of small nods. In one scene we go to a club called Heaven and in the lyrics to ‘The Great Forgiver’ there is a line that says ‘Heaven is full of fucking scum’. It should give people a few different ways to interpret the lyrics and then they can take them wherever they want.''

How come the religious establishment has incurred your wrath so much on this record?

''It was the same on the first album but I just hid it better. I have always been very disappointed in religion and I felt that now is the right time to express that. There are wars going on all the time based on religion and I don’t think that is right. We have always been a band that is about not having any gods or masters so it just made sense to roll it in. The album 'Grey Britain' is not just about the UK, it is about problems in the world.''

Did this project push Adam to his limits?

''I don’t think he realised how closed my vision was for this thing. At certain points he almost found himself out of his depth but he always pulled it back and what we got in the can was perfect. What we are watching now is exactly what I wanted. To his credit he did a fantastic job but it was a close run thing, if I had not been on the set every day it could have gone quite wrong, me and him definitely came to blows a couple of times over matters.''

How heated did it get?

''When I have something to say and it is for something as important as this album I am very determined. We could not change the narrative of the videos as it was based on the album which was completed, Adam was trying to change things here and there and until I sat him down on set and explained how fixed the story was it did not click. Once we had done that we compromised and started working together, from there it really started moving.''