FTV Girls - Alison, Violet, Fiona & Lia - Internext Day Two

Lia:  My morning started with an interview by the AVN guys and I explained what I do for my site.   Then an Italian company brought me over to do an Italian language teacher thing.  I'm not a good actress though, Fiona did a lot better than me.  It was not my strong point.  I kept looking at my photographer and that was making the videographer of the Italian thing pissed off.   I think I wasn't supposed to move so much but I was very fidgety.   The same geeky guys came by and did Violet a balloon shoot.
Fiona:  It was no surprise to me that I was the first to come to my booth since the other girls had partied all night and were probably sleeping still.   I had my hair in a heidi-style (I call it) where its in braids.  One of my favorite fans sent me a Christmas present that the photographer hadn't given to me until now.  So I opened it up for David to see.  The gift was a mothman pin, which brings you good luck.   A nipple tease for David!  They got me to wear the butt shorts, so now me and Violet are wearing them.  I joined up with Lia to do an Italian-English instructional video.  I admit, I was doing a lot better than Lia did on the program.  By the way guys, even though this video of the days are about 30 minutes long, remember that we were there from 10am to 5pm for the convention.  So you only see a small part of the 7 hours we did for the 3 days.
Violet:  Wooh it was so hard to weak up after all that fun last night!  But I was good to go after some breakfast and back to give people what they want!  Some booty!  I got to do the balloon thing which was fun and then after in the casino hallway some Pakistani tourists came by and wanted to pose with me!   I found out that they had made a bet to see if I would take pictures with them.  I'm not snooty so taking pictures with me is no problem!

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_788_internext2_preview.jpg

File Size ------- 190mb
Length ---------- 25:07
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Thanks to (anonymous) for the generous seedbox donation.