Summary:

In the episode "Chef Goes Nanners," Cartman is left standing alone in the snow after Wendy blithely proclaims her improbable attraction for him to has suddenly vanished. Cartman heaves a heavy sigh, and exits Chaplinesque stage right. But any concerns that South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone had gone soft, or that Cartman would undergo a more sympathetic, Louie De Palma-like makeover are abated in nearly every other episode of South Park's pivotal fourth season. From the "downright immature" trashing of Phil Collins (whose "You'll Be in My Heart" from Tarzan had emerged victorious Oscar night over Parker and Stone's "Blame Canada") to an episode in which Cartman becomes the unwitting poster child for NAMBLA, South Park gave its viewers much shock value for its basic cable dollar. This was the season that introduced the show's most unlikely breakout star, the wheelchair-bound Timmy, who, despite being only able to say his own name (or perhaps because of it), carried the pathos in his own holiday special, "Helen Keller! The Musical." This was the season in which Parker and Stone somehow were able to comment with Daily Show immediacy on the Elian Gonzales incident ("Quintuplets 2000") and the presidential election debacle ("Trapper Keeper") within days of the actual events. This was the season in which other "statement shows" skewered the South Carolina confederate flag controversy ("Chef Goes Nanners") and hate-crime legislation ("Cartman's Silly Hate Crime 2000"). This was also the season in which the South Park kids graduated to the fourth grade, we got a harrowing look inside Cartman's brain ("Helen Keller!"), and estranged lovers Saddam Hussein and Satan were reunited (in a two-parter, no less!).

Episodes not appreciated in their time can now be seen with fresh eyes. "Pip," hosted by Malcolm McDowell, and featuring none of the South Park regulars, is a faithful abridgement of Charles Dickens's Great Expectations, monkey robots notwithstanding. As in the season 3 set, Parker and Stone provide brief, "fun-size commentary" that address their censorship skirmishes with Comedy Central and illuminate the inspiration and backstory for each episode. To quote the pro-commercialism holiday episode, "A Very Krappy Christmas," "If we all buy presents, everyone benefits." For South Park fans, this boxed set is an excellent start. --Donald Liebenson

Audio For All Episodes:

Encoded - VBR (Variable Bit Rate)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 109kb/s
Language - English

Video For All Episodes:

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Encoder - XViD
Codec - XviD ISO MPEG-4
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 917kb/s
Frames Per Second - 23.976
Reolution - 512x384

Episode Index:


Episode One:
"The Tooth Fairy's Tats 2000"
Original Air Date: 4-5-2000
Cartman impersonates the Tooth Fairy when he learns there's money to be made from harvesting the teeth of underprivileged kids. However, the leader of a dentists' organization sets out to stop him.

Episode Two:
"Cartman's Silly Hate Crime 2000"
Original Air Date: 4-12-2000
Cartman is sentenced to juvenile hall and his friends plan to get him out. Meanwhile, he begins to adjust to life on the inside.

Episode Three:
"Timmy 2000"
Original Air Date: 4-19-2000
Mr. Mackey excuses Timmy from homework when he mistakenly thinks the boy is suffering from Attention Deficit Disorder; then Cartman and his friends try to develop the same affliction.

Episode Four:
"Quintuplets 2000"
Original Air Date: 4-26-2000
The South Park media showers attention on a family with quintuplets that moves into the area, and Cartman befriends one of the new residents. Meanwhile, Kenny's mom tries to cash in on the excitement by planning a multiple birth of her own.

Episode Five:
"Cartman Joins NAMBLA"
Original Air Date: 6-21-2000
Cartman seeks online companionship from older users after deciding that Stan, Kenny and Kyle aren't mature enough.

Episode Six:
"Cherokee Hair Tampons"
Original Air Date: 6-28-2000
Kyle suffers from a rare kidney disease and Cartman may be the only one who can save him, but at a high price.

Episode Seven:
"Chef Goes Nanners"
Original Air Date: 7-5-2000
Chef protests against the South Park flag and ignites a town debate that even divides the kids. Meanwhile, Wendy becomes attracted to Cartman.

Episode Eight:
"Something You Can Do with Your Finger"
Original Air Date: 7-12-2000
Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman form their own band and hold tryouts for a fifth member.

Episode Nine:
"Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?"
Original Air Date: 7-19-2000
The boys, scared by Priest Maxi's threats of eternal damnation, scramble to take part in Holy Communion and their first Confession in order to "save" themselves.

Episode Ten:
"Probably"
Original Air Date: 7-26-2000
A follow up to the previous episode, Cartman continues his mission to build a new church in South Park.

Episode Eleven:
"The Fourth Grade Years"
Original Air Date: 11-8-2000
The fearful boys speculate on the identity of their teacher as they begin the fourth grade, leading them to build a time machine to take them back to the safety of third grade.

Episode Twelve:
"Trapper Keeper"
Original Air Date: 11-15-2000
Mr. Garrison orders a recount when the race for kindergarten president is too close to call. Meanwhile, a life form from the future appears in the school yard at South Park Elementary.

Episode Thirteen:
"Turkey Day"
Original Air Date: 11-22-2000
The boys go to great lengths to ensure the success of their Thanksgiving play.

Episode Fourteen:
"Pip"
Original Air Date: 11-29-2000
The boys' British classmate, Pip, stars in this spoof of Dickens' classic Great Expectations, set in London.

Episode Fifteen:
"Fat Camp"
Original Air Date: 12-6-2000
Cartman is sent to a camp for obese youngsters by concerned family and friends. Meanwhile, Kenny has his own hit TV show, Krazy Kenny. Also, Chef talks to the boys about prostitution.

Episode Sixteen:
"The Wacky Molestation Adventure"
Original Air Date: 12-13-2000
Cartman becomes South Park's mayor when the kids take over the town.

Episode Seventeen:
"A Very Crappy Christmas"
Original Air Date: 12-20-2000
The boys make a video Christmas card when Mr. Hankey's visit is delayed.


Other Information:

I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!