The Four Foundations
authored by Shaikhul-Islam, al-Mujaddid (the reviver),
Muhammad ibn Abdul Wahhab (rahimahullah)
 
http://www.qsep.com/dvd/fourqawaid/Four.Foundations.Main.Page.Layout_r2_c4.jpg
 

This book centers around four foundation rules
that help explain the meaning of shirk and clarify
the many misconceptions that surround the subject.


 

THE STUDY MATERIAL

 

1. The Book

"Explanation of the Four Principles"
by the eminent scholar,
Al-Allamah Saaleh bin Fawzaan al-Fawzaan (hafidhahullah).

 

 

2. The Explanation in Video

Shaikh (Dr.) Abdullah al-Farsi explains the book in a 120 minute video seminar, 
The shaikh methodically touches upon and clarifies various finer issues on the subject, and presents valuable discussions from his lifetime of study and experience on this most fundamental matter of Tawheed and Shirk.

 


 

Note: Clip. no.17 until clip no.21 are extra footage that are not in the DVD

 


mp4 format | Runtime: 57 min | Filesize: 541 MB | please use the VLC player, Jet Audio or Quicktime

mp4 format | Runtime: 63 min | Filesize: 546 MB

 

 

In this course, you will learn:

    What is Shirk?

    Is the Muslim Ummah Protected from Shirk?

    Is the ruling concerning a grave-worshiper different from the ruling concerning those who worshiped the idols during the time of Allah’s Messenger?

    Do we call anybody who calls upon the dead, or makes Tawaaf around their grave out of respect, or worships the dead - a Mushrik right away?
     

    Is seeking Barakah (blessings) from the creation an act of Shirk?

    Is there Barakah in the remnants of the Prophet after his death?
     

    Who is a Wali? What is Karamah? Is Karamah necessary for Wilayah?

    Does Allah honor his Wali by causing his Karamah to benefit people even after his death?
     

    What is Shafa'ah (intercession) and its types?

    What are the different Shafa'ah that are special for Prophet Muhammad?

    What are the conditions of the approved Shafa'ah?

    How is it to ask Shafa'ah or Dua from the Prophet while he is in his grave?

May Allah make us amongst those who listen and benefit,
and may Allah increase the ranks of all the scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah, who indeed are the inheritors of the Prophet.
May the Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon our messenger Muhammed, upon his family and upon those who follow his path until the Last Day.


