Stand O'Food® 3 v1.0 Full
Requirements: Android 2.1 and up
Overview: The most popular burger-serving game gets a much-awaited sequel! The classic fast-paced, simple and addictive game play mechanics of the first game are reinforced with more abilities to satisfy hungry customers. Riding the wave of success in his hometown, Ronnie the Chef extends the operations of Stand O’Food chain to Tinseltown, where he meets Nikki and Mr. Clarence, and disrupts revenge plans of evil Mr. Torg.


SERVE FAST AND HEALTHY FOOD ON 75 LEVELS!
Open restaurants around Tinseltown, and serve clients fast and healthy food including fresh-made burgers, pies, lasagnas, French fries, coffee, ice cream and soda. Play over 75 levels and 12 bonus levels to unlock over 33 achievements and obtain expert status. Enjoy the storyline told through beautifully-drawn comic-style pictures.

IMPROVE YOUR RESTAURANTS LIKE NEVER BEFORE!
Purchase over 33 upgrades to make your customers happy and your restaurant chain prosperous. Master new game mechanics, 31 ingredients and 18 sauces to research 90 tasty recipes and feed customers in 25 cafes around the city.

JOIN RONIE FOR INTENSE TIME MANAGEMENT ACTION!
The classic addictive game play of the original Stand O’Food comes with all new graphics, music, customers, products, devices and special levels for many hours of time management fun!
● 75 levels in 5 settings, 12 bonus levels
● Serve burgers, pies, and lasagnas in 25 cafes around the city
● Add French fries, ice cream, coffee, and soda!
● Master a total of 90 recipes with over 18 special sauces


+


Stand O'Food v1.2 Full
Requirements: Android 2.1 and up
Overview: Feed a host of hungry patrons before they leave in a huff in Stand O'Food®!


Stand O’ Food is an original, fast-paced restaurant challenge with millions of players. Feed a host of hungry patrons before they leave in a huff! Slap together burgers and cook up some bacon as quickly as you can! But it's not all about speed – you've also got to plan ahead. Put the sandwiches together in the correct sequence, and set yourself up so you can make the next sandwich without difficulty. Earn money to purchase condiments and upgrade your equipment to serve tastier food even faster than before. Stand O' Food will satisfy all of your cravings!
• 2 gameplay modes: Quest and Lunch Rush
• More than 100 levels
• 80+ sandwiches to create
• Close to 20 upgrades to purchase