 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077631/

Stars The lovely Ms. Olivia Newton John and the 
greatly talented Mr. John Travolta equally

1280 X 720p 2600k video bitrate lovely 256k audio DivX HD from bluray file

Multisubtitles offerings - we have included what we found on the net for
similar postings however some other bluray/HD version subtitles postings also
worked - and in any event there should be many more postings to be found as time
goes by as it were. SINNERS version 720p subs we found do also work.

SRTs for Bulgarian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, French, Greek, Norwegian, Polish, 
Portuguese, Romanian, Serbian, Spanish and yes - Swedish

We had no luck when looking for German Italian or Finnish this time around-
hope to see them posted soon - and English template is included 


Grease is one of the best all time musicals in the harvest of great songs
done by great stars - Olivia Newton John and John Travolta is also a star!

How much has this culture changed over the decades? They certainly arent making movies today without a cast the is racially diverse enough so as to appear
to have plagiarized and hjacked the wrok from what is clearly would have been 
instead the intent of the original writers work in character depiction and social 
contextual porrayal of real and probable plot ideas and themes.


In one scene at a school dance, the rules are read out for those assembled.
They include:

1) No profanity or obnoxious behaviour
2) Dance partner teams are to be "Boy and girl" combinations ONLY
(many girls used to dance with gals back then so they could be safe
in case they didnt like any of the guys, or while waiting to be asked by one 
they could accept)


It is true that there is flexibility in the range of experiences that
the human genre could be put through as it has these past decade or two.
The problem few have recognized is that it isnt a sustainable model - we
are made as we are - and we can only stretc so far for the sake of others
who do not consider the discomfort from trying to make us over "anyways"
realizing full well that it is only causing dissonance and resentment -
is better that all do their best in their own areas of credence.

Whataver happened to the notion of a romantic date, rather
than the crude "does she put out" kind of mindsets being inflicted on
a "nice gal" - its a cruel thing to do and movies could set a better example
for who are good enough men to come through with better learning instead.
Learn to truly love and to be fair to your own kind completely and most
importantly - bear in mind who it is that deserves what it is you have to give
- and shun all else that opposes your better spirit.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo



