Dear music and trip lovers.

Finally I have managed to make a new mix. I call in MixAmix 2010 because it came from 4 unfinished mixes I tried to do in 2010 but none of these was satisfying enough for my taste.
Finally last month the pieces came together and the puzzle was glued. And it came out nicelly. At last I have in my hands a new driving mix tested on the streets.
As usual you will find out that I am unable to stick to one kind of music and I hope those who are like me will enjoy this.
You will also find many nice surprises as I have stick together various remixes of the same songs to create something new.
I start with Eminem - No Love (djmentzik mixamix version) then Chicane - Poppiholla (djmentzik mixamix version) and a small remix to Alison Moyet - A Guy Like You (djmentzik dangerous retouched).
Guess you will find from where the samples come from. Later in the mix you will meet one of the songs which had tremendous impact in 2010, the HURTS - Wonderful Life (djmentzik mixamix version) followed by Rainbow - Since Youve Been Gone.
And after a while David Guetta - Memories (meets Fatboy Slim djmentzik remix) gives respect to the godfather. The last retouched song in this mix is the most uplifting Laurent Wolf - Seventies (djmentzik mixamix version) which leads us to the outro with the amazingand best version of David Guetta & Chris Willis Feat. Fergie & LMFAO - Gettin Over You.

As always I hope you will share my excitement for music that can accompany you to highway or countryside explorations.

Keep travelling, sharing music and have fun!

Dj Mentzik (2011).


DJ MENTZIK - MIXAMIX 2010 playlist

(27 tracks / playing time: 81minutes 21seconds)
	
* Eminem - No Love (djmentzik mixamix version)
01. Eminem - No Love (ft. Lil Wayne)(Instrumental)(Remade by Jon Castaneda)
02. Eminem - No Love (feat. Lil Wayne)

03. Hybrid - Last Man Standing

* Chicane - Poppiholla (djmentzik mixamix version)
04. Chicane - Poppiholla
05. Chicane - Poppiholla (Original mix)

06. Mike Foyle - Pandora (the Blizzard Remix)

* Alison Moyet - A Guy Like You (djmentzik dangerous retouched)
07. Alison Moyet - A Guy Like You (Soul Avengerz Club Mix)

08. Unkle - Eye For An Eye
09. Gabriella Cilmi - Sweet About Me
10. Mr No Hands Vs Bassbin Twins - Adrenaline Ltd
11. DJ Katakis vs Juiz Electric - African Beauty New (Heatbeat Electro Remix)
12. The Emissary - Transfigured Night (Original Mix)
13. Deekline & Dustin Hulton & Sporty-O - Apple Bottom (Original Mix)
14. Hereldeduke Remix - Fatboy Slim - Champion Sound
15. Dragonette - Take It Like A Man (Bimbo Jones remix)
16. Roland Klinkenberg Feat. DJ Re - Mexico Can Wait (Original)

* HURTS - Wonderful Life (djmentzik mixamix version)
17. HURTS - Wonderful Life (Arthur Baker remix)
18. HURTS - Wonderful Life

19. Rainbow - Since Youve Been Gone
20. Alex Gopher - Aurora (Riot In Belgium & Knightlife Remix)
21. John OCallaghan - Never Fade Away feat LoFi Sugar (Giuseppe Ottaviani Remix)

* David Guetta - Memories (meets Fatboy Slim djmentzik remix)
22. David Guetta - Memories (Featuring Kid Cudi)
23. Fatboy SLim - Right Here, Right Now

* Laurent Wolf - Seventies (djmentzik mixamix version).
24. Laurent Wolf - Seventies (Anton Wick Remix)
25. Laurent Wolf - Seventies (Radio Edit)
26. Laurent Wolf - Seventies (Mathieu Bouthier Remix Club)

27. David Guetta & Chris Willis Feat. Fergie & LMFAO - Gettin Over You

