Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:       
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                 
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                 
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains one video, (split into several files), and three photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?86vlklimtmr2q79onzxskhkla    cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3c1qfn67kax24a7v86xcrlzteuq  face and breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?a82pis9jp36xr3zz5moady4arpc  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bm4t699cytbpxvhrwbwex7etd87t vagina open 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kut7axaqp9wd1lx7tvoqbh5yf2w  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3lfdsh2a9auyczv31u2yoo91mcb  vid screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vj02ixl29rjx0k104l9s3ysnu49  vid storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hey everyone, it's Layden! I'm freshly 18 and 100% German (yes I can speak German too!). I'm SUPER excited to shoot for FTV. I'm an artsy fartsy girl..I don't watch cable TV, I just watch porn and draw ;). I need a sketch book on me at all times...in fact, I forgot mine on the way to the airport this morning and bought one at the airport. I live in Dana Point and moved to California originally to do modeling. I'd love to become a fashion model for a big name someday. I NEVER masturbated until recently...I didn't realize how fun it is to play with yourself since I always have boyfriends to take of that. I'm kind of a tom boy and like it rough in bed which is why I always seem to have bruises or scratches all over. What can I say, sex just doesn't feel good unless I'm getting it HARD, hehe :) I JUST got back from an amazing vacation in Hawaii...but this lotion I got at the hotel gave me a nasty rash on my chest, sorry!!!
I did a variety of shooting this day in different locations and outfits, but what you'll notice is that I wanted to use the Vibra-King over and over! I had never heard of this thing before, but it's simply amazing, every girl needs to try it!!! I've never gotten so wet in my life and each time it made me cum I was in heaven and couldn't think straight! Ahhh i wish I could have taken it home!  My shoot with FTV was a great experience. I'm normally a little reserved but as soon as we started shooting on location I really opened up and didn't mind being in public at all. It excited me to know that I could get caught and when guys walked or drove by I gave them a little sneak peek too ;). My only regret is that I didn't get more "extreme", but that's something that'll remain behind closed doors for now. Maybe next time!!! muah &lt;3

Daniel Comments:  Today was my first end-to-end shoot for FTV. Rob double booked today so he ended up shooting one girl while I shot the other. It was a lot of fun and a big learning experience. I've been able to gather so much from assisting on shoots and today was my day to begin proving myself.  Rob and I went to the airport to pick up the girls...Nikki and Layden. They were two completely different characters. I actually didn't know I would be shooting Layden until Rob mentioned it in the car. I'm glad as Layden seemed to be the calmer and collected type but of course with the dirty girl alter ego hiding inside. She has beautiful green eyes, small perky breasts and a firm butt. Layden picked her outfits out and touched up her make-up and we took off on location. It's raining and cloudy outside but that doesn't stop us. As soon as we started shooting, she immediately started posing for the camera like a natural. People were walking or driving by and she didn't care, often pulling her top up or flashing her butt at passerbys. A young man walks by and she flashes him and he responds with shock and then a big grin.  Back at the house she lays down for a bit and draws in her art book for us. She takes off her clothes as she works on her latest sketch and then decides to put on sexy lingerie and wants to masturbate outside. The little toy she brings with her isn't enough so she goes for something stronger. Even that doesn't do the trick so she asks to try out the Vibra-King I was telling her about earlier in the day even though I wanted to save that for later. At first the Vibra-King gives her a little scare but she soon finds out it produces the strongest orgasm she's ever had! You see her vagina and butthole contracting as she pleasures herself and juices pour out. She can't help but be loud and want more of it.  She then tries on a few dresses for us to help decide what to wear on the next location shoot. She tries on a sexy black dress, but we decide to go with a skimpy and flashy green dress that she wore to high school prom just a few months ago. She looks sexy as ever. We take some nice photos and go to video but begin hearing people talking and walking by so we play it safe and cut things a little short. We get back to the house and the first thing she wants to do is play with the Vibra-King again so we head upstairs and it's a great success producing a puddle in front of her on the tile floor!   We then take off back on location to a golf course. She's wearing a cute tank top and shorts combo with striped knee socks. A golfer sees her right as we get out of the car so we take cover in an underpass but lose light as the sun sets quickly. We head back to the house again and shoot in the pink room as she is goofing around and showing us how flexible she is. She plays with a purple vibrator and by this time is so exhausted from the day of shooting but wants the Vibra-King one last time before she leaves. She has a final and strong orgasm and we get her body contractions and wetness up close. What a great way to end the day!