Call Me Malcolm (English - 2005) ReSeed

Malcolm describes his childhood like this: “I always thought of myself as one of the brothers. I have two brothers so that would have made me the third brother. But other people perceived me as a girl and I couldn’t really correct them. It made me feel like I wasn’t there.” This reality led to years of self-doubt and confusion as he wondered why his perception of himself did not match that of the people around him. Additionally, all the messages in his church community seemed to indicate that God hated him. He became estranged from his family, his friends, his church and even himself. All roads toward claiming an identity seemed to have dead ends. 

Eventually, Malcolm, while still under the name Miriam, ended up at seminary. Initially he enrolled to see if he could reconcile the conflict between his heart and the things being taught in his home church. It was around that time that he first learned the word “Transgender” and began to investigate the necessary steps for his own self-actualization. Much to his surprise, Malcolm found his greatest support in his new Christian community at Iliff Theological Seminary and began the process of gender transition. The first—and in some ways biggest—of these steps was taking on his new name and repeatedly saying to people, “From now on, call me Malcolm.”

As the film begins, so does Malcolm’s final year of seminary. It is a time filled with great concern and apprehension. He is, by all accounts, unemployed, uncertain about his future as a minister, unrecognized as “Malcolm” by his parents and without a love in his life. 

Before the school term begins, he steps away from his safe environment and sets out on a road trip. He travels across the country visiting with many people along the way, each of whom have a different perspective on the issues of identity, faith, and love.

In a small town outside of Denver, Malcolm reconnects with his past by visiting a former high school teacher whom he has not seen since he transitioned. In Cortez, he meets Pauline Mitchell, whose Nadleeh, or two-spirit, Navajo son was murdered while still in high school. In Los Angeles, Malcolm talks religion with Calpernia Addams, the subject of the Showtime film Soldier’s Girl. Malcolm then travels to San Francisco to meet a police sergeant, who gained international attention when he transitioned on the force. 

By the time Malcolm arrives in New York, his journey has covered more than just miles. And his future holds more possibilities than he ever could have dreamed

Movie site: http://www.callmemalcolm.com