Description:
Underworld: Evolution continues the saga of war between the vampires and the Lycans. The film goes back to the beginnings of the ancient feud between the two tribes as Selene, the beautiful vampire heroine, and Michael, the lycan hybrid, try to unlock the secrets of their bloodlines. This will be a modern tale of action, intrigue and forbidden love, which takes them into the battle to end all wars as the immortals must finally face their retribution. Written by Shewolfinlondon 

As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers (an elite vampire special forces unit that hunts werewolves), and Michael (Speedman), the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. 

Beginning where Underworld finished, Selene and Michael are on the run from the vampires. Being the cause of Viktor's death, Selene can only hope to plea to the last remaining elder, Marcus. However, Marcus has already awakened and has become a more powerful creature than before. Now his only remaining goal is to awaken his Lycan brother, William from his eternal imprisonment. With time running out, Selene and Michael must piece together the final clues to unlock the secrets of their bloodlines and stop Marcus before it's too late. Written by harpster_2004 

Selene wishes to expose the truth about the death of Viktor to the first true vampire Marcus that is hibernating. However, Marcus has already awakened and wants to release his savage Lycan brother William, who has been imprisoned for centuries. When Marcus tries to get the medal possessed by Lucian from Michael, Selene decides to visit Andreas Tanis, the exiled official historian of the covens, to understand his interest. When Selene and Michael meet Tanis, they disclose the truth about their bloodlines, and later with the support of Alexander Corvinus, Selene faces the powerful Marcus as the last hope left for the mankind.


Don't miss:
Underworld - (2003). Blu-ray. Nordic subtitles
Underworld - Rise of the lycans (2009). Blu-ray. Nordic and other subtitles


Title............: Underworld: Evolution
Format...........: Blu-ray
Ripped with......: AnyDVD
Subtitles........: Dansk, finska, norsk, svenska, english, french, dutch
Run time.........: 102 minutes
Format...........: High definition Widescreen 2.40:1
Audio............: English 5.1 English PCM
