. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.       
     
     
                   
         
             
         
         
         
                   
              
                 
             
                       
             
             
             
        
          
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
                           
              
              
              
     
        
          
      ....    
      .    
      .    
          
        
     
                                                           
                Cathode Ray Terrorists Proudly Bring you...            
                                                                       
     

      Justice-The.Highest.Court.In.The.Land.WS.PDTV.XviD-PVR

     

      UK Air Date     31/Jan/11
      Release Date    11/Feb/11
      Channel         BBC4
      Genre           Documentary
      Source          PDTV
      Video Format    XviD 608x336 25.000 fps 1 160 Kbps
      Audio Format    VBR MP3 130 Kbps 48.0 KHz
      Duration        00:59:13.800
      Filesize        549 MB

     
     Description...                                                  
                                                       

      They are the UK's most powerful arbiters of justice and now,
      for the first time, four of the Justices of the Supreme Court
      talk frankly and openly about the nature of justice and how they
      make their decisions. The film offers a revealing glimpse of the
      human characters behind the judgments and explores why the
      Supreme Court and its members are fundamental to our democracy.
      The 11 men and one woman who make up the UK Supreme Court have
      the last say on the most controversial and difficult cases in
      the land. What they decide binds every citizen. But are their
      rulings always fair, do their feelings ever get in the way of
      their judgments and are they always right? In the first 14
      months of the court they have ruled on MPs' expenses, which led
      to David Chaytor's prosecution, changed the status of
      pre-nuptial agreements and battled with the government over
      control orders and the Human Rights Act. They explain what
      happens when they cannot agree and there is a divided judgment,
      and how they avoid letting their personal feelings effect their
      interpretation of the law. And they face up to the difficult
      issue of diversity; there is only one woman on the court, and
      she is the only Justice who went to a non-fee-paying school.
      Sandel goes in search of Jeremy Bentham, Immanuel Kant and
      Aristotle, three philosophers whose ideas inform much
      contemporary thinking on justice, and tests their theories
      against a range of contemporary problems. Filmed in Berlin,
      Boston, Athens and London, this thought-provoking film includes
      interviews with the world's great philosophers, modern-day
      politicians and thinkers from all around the globe.
      
     
                                                      Group Notes...
        We are looking for:                           
                                                                     
      .EU Affil sites, NO COLO/RENTED.                              
                                                                     
      Retail TV dvds before the retail date.                        
                                                                     
      Can't get in contact with us? There's probably a reason.       
                                                                     
     
               Greets: iNGOT KYR PFa SYS watbath WATERS             x