                P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! !  


                              Puzzler World 2 RIP

   Release Date  :  15/10/2011                Protection  :  None
   Release Type  :  RIP 06x5.00MB             Company     :  Digital Game Factory

   Release Notes:

   The highly anticipated sequel to last year’s PC hit, Puzzler World 2
   brings more puzzles, new games, fun rewards and an all new Master Mode.

   Created by the same team that developed the original Puzzler World,
   the team were able to flex their development muscles and improve on
   every section in the game. With a revised selection of puzzles and
   mini-games, brand new Master Mode, a new reward structure and the
   inclusion of trophies – Puzzler World 2 takes the highly addictive
   franchise to a whole new level!

   Each puzzle completed unlocks a bonus game which in turn rewards the
   player with the all-new prize wheel. Players spin the wheel and see
   what prize they can earn. Players can win hint tokens that can then be
   used to buy help if they get stuck on tricky puzzles.

   Puzzler World 2 also allows players to unlock special Master Mode
   puzzles which provide player’s with even tougher challenges.

   Features:

   Over 1200 new puzzles and bonus games from the world’s leading
   supplier of puzzle content - PML

   Play a wide variety of different puzzles, including; Wordsearch,
   Fitword, Sudoku, Crossword, Hide and Seek, Link-a-Pix, Backwords,
   Silhouette and Pieceword

   Unlock additional bonus games – Picture Quiz, Splitwords, Chain
   Letters, Colour-In, Sum-Up, Jigsaw, Hangman, Chain Letters and more!


   RIPPED: Nothing

   Install Notes:

   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
   2. Install by running unl-pw2r.exe
   3. Start game with Puzzler World 2.exe
   4. Enjoy!


   Remember to support quality games!



     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!


                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "


Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hakpaaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hakpbaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hakpdaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hakpeaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/hakpgaadh.jpg