Downloader Instructions
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                   POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Book of Ephesians

This is a remake of superior quality to the first Ephesians that I uploaded.



This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech  --  High Speed Server

POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Book of Ephesians

Have you ever wished you could win a lottery? Or inherit a great fortune? We have already won an inheritance that is beyond our comprehension! An inheritance that transcends any quantitative measurement. In fact, it was set aside for us before the world began!

Ephesians is regarded by many as the loftiest pinnacle of the New Testament, and yet is also a practical manual for personal combat.

Join Chuck Missler as he explores Ephesians verse-by-verse.

Now on DVD

Includes MP3 files.

   * Over 10 hours of Verse-by-Verse audio teaching through the book of Ephesians on DVD.
   * Extensive searchable study notes as PDF files.

   * Ephesians Introduction and Chapter 1a: - Introduction. Background. God's Blueprint.
   * Ephesians Chapter 1b: - The Redemption. The Forgiveness. Death.
   * Ephesians Chapter 1c:- Prayer for the Ephesians' Spiritual Growth. Three Petitions.
   * Ephesians Chapter 2:- The Christian's Past, Present, and Future.
   * Ephesians Chapter 3:- The Great Mystery, the Church. Church vs Israel.
   * Ephesians Chapter 4:- The Christian Walk. Seven Graces
   * Ephesians Chapter 5- 6:9:- Light vs Darkness. Ministries of the Spirit. Marriages.
   * Ephesians 6:10-24: - The Armor of God. The Age of Deceit.

Encoding: Region 0 (NTSC only. This DVD will be viewable in other countries WITH the proper DVD player and television set. Read more about DVD formats.)
Format: Color, Fullscreen
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Audio Encoding: Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo
Run Time: 10 hour(s)
Number of discs: 4 DVD & 1 CD

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://crusadefortruth.com/                                                                             Free Video Downloads -  Harold Krueger 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                      Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                           End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                     Pasteur Carl Gallops                                                                                 Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Prayers in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                      Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                   Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod      Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                                                         

            (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    





 