Traveller is a series of related science fiction role-playing games, the first published in 1977 by Game Designers' Workshop (GDW) and subsequent editions by various companies remaining in print to this day. The game was inspired from such classic science fiction stories as the Dumarest saga series by E C Tubb, the Foundation stories of Isaac Asimov, H Beam Piper's Space Viking, Larry Niven's Known Space, Jerry Pournelle's CoDominium, Poul Anderson's Polesotechnic League and several other works of science fiction literature.

This torrent consists of five .iso images and covers virtually every rulebook and supplement published for the first three editions.  The Traveller game in all forms is owned and copyright 1977-2008 Far Future Enterprises.  If you wish to support the original author (Marc Miller) and the past/future evolution of the game, then head over to http://www.farfuture.net/ and do the right thing.

The first edition of Traveller (published 1977-1986) has come to be called Classic Traveller and included some 80 rules books, adventures, and supplements.  Amongst them are the famous "little black books" containing the core rules of the game:

B01 Characters and Combat
B02 Starships
B03 Worlds and Adventures
B04 Mercenary
B05 High Guard
B06 Scouts
B07 Merchant Prince
B08 Robots

The second edition of Traveller (1987-1992) was called MegaTraveller and was set during the Rebellion era which shattered the Imperium. Supplements and magazines produced during this era detailed the progression of the Rebellion from the initial assassination of the Emperor in 1116 to the collapse of large-scale interstellar trade in roughly 1124 (the beginning of the supplement Hard Times).

The third edition of the game, Traveller: The New Era (1993–1995) introduced the Virus and described the former area of the Third Imperium after interstellar society had completely collapsed. The game is often referred to as "TNE".

Also included is the complete collection of Journal of the Travellers' Aid Society (issues 01-36) and also all of the issues of Challenge Magazine that incorporated Traveller content (issues 25-77).

I hope you enjoy the game.