David Wilcock recently posted an article about a trillion dollar lawsuit that would end the financial tyranny, after which his life has been threathened:
 
http://divinecosmos.com/start-here/davids-blog/995-lawsuit-end-tyranny

-:-
It could be the biggest, most explosive story in modern history. We are just starting to put the pieces together and understand what is going on in the occult financial geopolitical scene, and how a 117-nation alliance is working to free the Earth from financial tyranny.

[..]

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14TH, 3:39 PM: DEATH THREAT
 
For the first time in my entire career as a journalist, I have been given a very severe threat, handed to me from one of my top insiders.
 
I was told that I have tonight only to get Part Two out -- "it would be a very good idea" for my own safety, as publicity is protection. 
 
Although the exact nature of the threat is unspecified, I was told I might be "lucky" if all I got was torture.
 
If I am savvy, so I am told, I may get away with spending the rest of my life in a top-secret facility in a "deep, dark hole" working as a black-ops scientist.
 
The best protection I have is publicity. For that same reason I will be releasing Part Two as soon as possible, even if I have to stay up all night.
 
It has been an honor serving you. Never forget how much you are loved. If I am to die, then I die with honor -- a noble soldier of the Light. I thank you for all the love and care you have shown me over the years and am grateful that I have left such a vast legacy of helpful material for you.
 
I have to get to work now. Thank you and God bless you.


[...]

UPDATE 6:40 PM
 
I will be appearing on Kerry Cassidy's radio show in the next half hour to speed up the process of telling the rest of the story.
 
7:21 pm: We are on commercial break with American Freedom Radio. I have already given a synopsis of the most important points.
 
8:40 pm: So many people are trying to listen to the show that it has completely maxed out the streaming servers. Please be patient.
 
An MP3 version will be posted within one hour after the show is completed -- circa 10PM Pacific time. We will have it up here on this site and it will be on Project Camelot as well.

-:-


This archive contains both a pdf of this article, as well as an mp3 with this radio show.

In the show, David mentioned the website of David Guyatt ( http://www.deepblacklies.co.uk/ ), which contains sensitive information. A mirror of this site is also included in this archive.

Enjoy!



