UTP.PRESENTS

Ricky_Laurent-Inside_Out-Digipak-2010-UTP

RELEASE.iNFO

ARTiST......: Ricky Laurent
ALBUM.......: Inside Out
TYPE........: Digipack
GENRE.......: Rock
LABEL.......: Unsigned

YEAR........: 2010            SOURCE...: CDDA
RiP.DATE....: 01-02-2012      GRABBER..: EAC
STREET.DATE.: 00-00-2010      ENCODER..: LAME v3.98.4 -V0 --vbr-new
CATALOG.....:                 QUALiTY..: 266kbpsavg/44.1kHz/Joint Stereo

TRACK.LiST

01  Baby Baby                                           3:03
02  Voodoo                                              3:46
03  Feeling Dirty                                       4:02
04  Digging My Grave                                    4:33
05  Hell And Back                                       4:09
06  The Silence Is Killing Me                           4:12
07  My Life On Earth                                    3:52
08  Faceblaster                                         4:32
09  Pudding Pie                                         4:06
10  The Party Song                                      3:10

TOTAL SiZE.: 10 Files/90.46MB/39:25 min

RELEASE.NOTES

From his early age, the career of Ricky Laurent, a young blues and
rock guitarist and singer, takesoff quite swiftly. Ricky was born on
November 7 th, 1990 in Gatineau Quebec . At age nine, he picks up his
first guitar and magic happens: Ricky and guitar are made for one
another. Within a year, the young marvel already displays an amazing
ability to master the instrument at an unprecedented pace. From then
on, Ricky carefully studies the techniques of all his guitar heroes
and soon develops his own style that combines his love for the blues
with classic rock. Being quite versatile, he also studied classical
guitar at the Gatineau Music Conservatory for 3 years. By the time he
was thirteen, the Ottawa blues community was endorsing Rickys rare
talent. The Junkyard Dogs, Trevor Finlay, Fernando Jones(Chicago),
Paul Deslauriers, Mud Boys and many more were inviting Ricky to sit in
at local blues spots. It is during this period that he started to
sing, rounding off his exceptional guitar abilities. Ricky is now an
excellent blues rock singer that can carry a song with surprising
energy and emotion. Even though he now spent a lot of time refining
his technique, Ricky waste anytime to start performing with his band
Ricky and the Soulbenders when Quebec blues veterans started to
recognize the young artists talents. He has since been invited to
perform either as a first act or on stage with the likes of Steve
Hill, Bob Walsh, Jimmy James, Nanette Workman, Trudy Lynn ( Texas ),
Breen Leboeuf (of Offenbach), ric Lapointe, Jean Millaire, Jim
Zeller, Bob Stagg, Paul Deslauriers, Guy Blanger and other
established Montreal and Quebec artists aswell as International bands
musicians and artists such as CCR, Buddy Guy, James Cotton, Colin
Linden,  Simple Plan, Finger Eleven, Crash karma and Frank Marino. In
April of 2005 , while only 14 years old, Ricky Laurent started his
solo career (as Ricky paquette) and signed a contract with
Preservation Music Inc. from Montreal for 2 Albums. Early for the show
and live at le festival International de Jazz de Montreal led him
to touring around in Festivals, Concert halls and clubs in the
Province of Quebec,  Ontario, The USA, and It even brought him as far
as Afghanistan, twice, to entertain our Canadian Soldiers . Over the
past 4 years, Ricky has been on numerous TV shows; Belle et Bum, Bons
Baisers de France, a manque  ma Culture, Musique Plus During this
time, He has also Been working hard on his own original material,
collaborating with different songwriters and has been experimenting
with his music a whole lot. Over the last year or so, He decide he was
ready to put out a new record! Inside Out is compiled of great
songs,  Riffs, Hooks, Psychedelia, Rock, Blues, with Just the right
amount of Pop appeal and fun!  So Stay tuned to see what 2011 holds
for Ricky Laurent. This is just a start

URL:    http://www.rickylaurent.com

Loyal Rippers In Heat Since 2007 @2011

Stripped by HeXagon's Advanced NFO Stripper: http://www.stripnfo.com