The development of Ewan Dobson into the artist that he is today has been an journey to say the least. After his humble beginnings with his first electric guitar playing heavy metal and hard rock music to the discipline of his classical training, Dobson has expanded his repertoire to include Bluegrass, Folk, Techno, Trance, Video Game and Contemporary Fingerstyle music. The culmination of all of these diverse influences has fuelled his creativity to compose his own unique brand of music and resulted in creating the artist that he is today.

Ewan Dobson has established himself as one of Canada’s most brilliant and exhilarating young guitarists, having won first prize in nearly every single Guitar competition across the country. His impressive list of credentials include winning the Grand Prizes from both the Burlington Rotary Fall Music Festival and the Pickering Rotary Music Festival where he emerged victorious, after having competed against the top prize winners of all of the other disciplines. In addition to dominating the provincial competition circuit, Dobson has made his mark nationally having represented Ontario twice at the National Finals of the prestigious C anadian Music Competitions (CMC) and having been awarded the top prize in guitar. Most recently, Dobson was crowned the Canadian Fingerstyle Guitar Champion at the prestigious 5th annual Canadian Fingerstyle Guitar Competition held in Kingston, Ontario. Shortly after this victory, he captured another first prize in the acoustic category at the 4th Montreal Guitar Grand Prix.

Ewan Dobson II, the new self-titled album released by Candyrat Records, brings with it 18 new recordings. As generous as his last album, Ewan continues to deliver his unique style that has proven to be a force to be reckoned with.

© Candy Rat Records / Ewan Dobson 2010


Tracklist:

01 - Time 2
02 - Marli
03 - Gold Rush / St. Anne’s Reel
04 - Paganini’s Whiskey
05 - Paganini – Caprice No. 2 in B Minor
06 - Disk Read Error
07 - Reuben's Train
08 - Introduction, Romance and Waltz
09 - Bounce 2
10 - Paganini – Caprice No. 16 in G Minor
11 - Wash Away
12 - Dreaming in Dortmund
13 - Fun
14 - Space Walk
15 - Purple
16 - Book of Rights / Humours of Whiskey
17 - Dancing with Her 2010
18 - Paganini – 24th Caprice in A Minor

Bonus:
19 - Cripple Creek (Bonus Track)
20 - Evil Picnic (Bonus Track)
21 - Smiley (Bonus Track)
22 - Springing Back to Life (Bonus Track)
23 - Turkey In The Straw (Bonus Track)
24 - The Pickle Groove (Bonus Track)