Duran Duran - All You Need Is Now [2011] [EAC - FLAC]


Not my rip just spreading the joy 

Many Thanks to the original poster..

Enjoy Duran Duran..:)



Following massive early success, ego-fuelled side projects, line-up changes and yachting accidents, Duran Duran completed the full rock career trajectory in 1993 with a triumphant comeback. The Ordinary World single and its parent album rekindled public affection and critical acclaim for a band most had consigned to nostalgia shows. Since then the group’s creative flame has flickered fitfully, though 2004’s Astronaut and the Timbaland-assisted follow-up Red Carpet Massacre demonstrated that all was not lost.

For All You Need Is Now, Duran Duran have enlisted another celebrity producer, but this time one who understands them as a fan. Mark Ronson has never been shy about his love for the band, and here he brings out the best in Simon Le Bon’s voice. This is particularly clear on the restrained Leave a Light On; lyrics such as "You ease the lost cause out of me" even brushing the heights of their sublime Come Undone.

They have thankfully stopped seeking credibility, and it suits them. Their calling card here is the garage rock of the title-track (if you can imagine a garage band playing alongside Bentleys), which morphs into a soaring chorus reminiscent of Rio. Scissor Sister Ana Matronic slots perfectly into the disco-flecked Safe, an unashamed return to their original sound. They sound similarly well preserved on the slinky Being Followed, and Girl Panic! also mines their new wave roots.

Unsurprisingly for a band renowned for singles over albums, the 14 tracks include some misfires. Le Bon’s complaint about "glossy lifestyles staring out of magazines," on the plodding Other People’s Lives, particularly riles. Runaway Runaway is throwaway, while the perfunctory funk of Blame the Machines is a heartless grind until its middle eight, reminiscent of Ronson’s recent Record Collection, finds newsreader Nina Hossain telling the listener, "You’re not required to think".

Their Smash Hits days may be as over as Smash Hits itself, and further crossover appeal has probably passed, but their admirable persistence in recording new material has paid off. This album, Mark Ronson’s "imaginary follow up to Rio that never was", is their best for 18 years.

This thirteenth studio album from the legendary British newwave/new romantic band is the follow-up to 2007's 'Red Carpet Massacre' and is the first following their split with Epic Records. While the last album featured production by Danjaand Timbaland and had something of a dance/RnB sound, on this record they have gone "back to basics" to produce a classic pop album in the vein of their early material. Produced by Mark Ronson, it features guest spots by Kelis and Scissor Sister Ana Matronic.



AMAZING - Duran at their very best. Ronson is geneous. Leave a Light On is beautiful. This is what we wanted an album that you instantly know is Duran from the start. Roll on Brum 21st May for the return of the mighty Brum Boys and a lad from Pinner !!

Wow! This album is amazing! Just arrived in the post today thanks to Play!
Listening to it now and its awesome!! Cant wait to hear them live May 21st! Keep it up guys!!

Wow I am blown away by this album one of their best and up there with Rio etc.. Welcome back boys and well done.. You have taken me back in time and what fond memories you have stirred thank you.. Look forward to seeing you at the 02 London in May im sure you will not let me down.. as you album hasnt. The man who stole a leopard sends shivers down my spine total blows me away.. There is not one song that I dont like.. so this comes well recommended

Artwork included at 300dpi .... apart from the booklets, to do so would damage the spines .... this is a no no !!!!!!!


01 - All you need is now.flac	
02 - Blame the machines.flac	
03 - Being Followed.flac	
04 - Leave a light on.flac	
05 - Safe(in the heat of the moment).flac	
06 - Girl panic!.flac	
07 - A diamond in the mind.flac
08 - The man who stole a leopard.flac
09 - Other people's lives.flac
10 - Mediterranea.flac	
11 - Too bad you're so beautiful.flac
12 - Runway runaway.flac	
13 - Return to now.flac	8.05 MB
14 - Before the rain.flac	
15 - Networker nation.flac	
16 - All you need is now(youth kills mix).flac