Artist
Charles Tolliver
Album
With Love
Rating
star_rating(6)
Release Date
Jan 16, 2007
Recording Date
Jun 2, 2006 - Jun 3, 2006
Label
Blue Note

by Michael G. Nastos

On the first new release from the Mosaic subsidiary of Blue Note, veteran trumpeter Tolliver finally makes the long awaited big-band recording of the group that has played occasionally in New York City, revived from the remnants of his legendary '70s Music Inc. Orchestra. A bit of the old repertoire ("Mournin' Variations" and "Right Now") and a few former members (Billy Harper, Howard Johnson, Stanley Cowell, Cecil McBee) remain from the group that made powerful albums for the Strata East label. The current 16-piece ensemble, at least for this two-day session, has a rougher edge. The music is exciting, joyous, exuberant, and upbeat, but also displays a dense, sometimes messy persona, and has intonation issues. It makes the music less attractive and inconsistent. But the high points are way up in the stratosphere. "Right Now," most familiar to Tolliver fans, roars in modal juggernaut fashion, laden with staccato accents and deft call-and-response. The singing, sweet title cut gives those not familiar with the raucous dynamic the band usually portrays something more centered and singularly melodic. "Mournin' Variations" is the showstopper: as Craig Handy's oriental-flavored flute line, accented by clarinet and bass clarinet, leads to deep counterpoint, Harper's familiar distinctive and robust tenor soloing, witty trombone from Stafford Hunter, and the always poignant and placid pianistics of the brilliant Cowell. Tolliver's bold arrangement, replete with up-and-down dynamics during "'Round Midnight," indicates this band is not fooling around, and playing for keeps. The closer, a new piece "Hit the Spot," is typically kinetic, and a feature for the always spot-on drumming of Victor Lewis, joined by Handy's clean alto saxophone. This CD was nominated in 2007 for a Grammy award as Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album.
 
	 	1 	Listen Now! 	Rejoicin' 	Tolliver 	6:20
		2 	Listen Now! 	With Love 	Tolliver 	9:26
		3 	Listen Now! 	'Round Midnight 	Monk 	9:10
		4 	Listen Now! 	Mournin' Variations 	Tolliver 	10:57
	 	5 	Listen Now! 	Right Now 	Tolliver 	6:30
		6 	Listen Now! 	Suspicion 	Tolliver 	8:37
	 	7 	Listen Now! 	Hit the Spot 	Tolliver 	8:09

Year 	Type 	label 	Catalog #
2007 	CD 	Blue Note 	
2007 	CD 	Blue Note 	69315

Malcolm Addey 	Audio Engineer, Editing, Engineer, Mastering, Remixing
Chris Albert 	Group Member, Trumpet
Todd Bashore 	Clarinet, Group Member, Sax (Alto), Soloist
Angelika Beener 	Product Manager
Stanley Cowell 	Group Member, Piano, Soloist
Jimmy Cozier 	Group Member, Sax (Alto)
Michael Cuscuna 	A&R, Audio Production, Producer
Joe Fiedler 	Group Member, Trombone
Clark Gayton 	Group Member, Trombone
Robert Glasper 	Group Member, Piano, Soloist
David Guy 	Group Member, Lead, Trumpet
Craig Handy 	Clarinet, Flute, Group Member, Sax (Alto), Sax (Soprano), Soloist
Billy Harper 	Group Member, Sax (Tenor), Soloist
Keyon Harrold 	Group Member, Soloist, Trumpet
Jason Jackson 	Group Member, Trombone
Gordon H. Jee 	Creative Director
Aaron Johnson 	Group Member, Trombone (Bass), Tuba
Howard Johnson 	Clarinet (Bass), Sax (Baritone)
Howard Glover "Johnny" Johnson 	Clarinet (Bass), Group Member, Sax (Baritone), Soloist
Keith Karwelies 	A&R
Jimmy Katz 	Photography
Victor Lewis 	Drums, Group Member
Bruce Lundvall 	Executive Producer
Cecil McBee 	Bass (Acoustic), Bass (Upright), Group Member, Soloist
Thelonious Monk 	Composer
Bill Saxton 	Clarinet, Sax (Tenor), Soloist
Charles Tolliver 	Arranger, Audio Production, Composer, Conductor, Orchestration, Producer, Soloist, Trumpet
David Weiss 	Group Member, Trumpet
Burton Yount 	Design
James Zollar 	Group Member, Trumpet