Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim [Official Game Guide] P2P.pdf

Complete walkthroughs of every story and side quest help guide you through the deep storyline; there are many choices that affect your game, and we cover them all! From the five major cities to the open expanses of wilderness and mountains, you’ll never be lost with over 130 fully-labeled maps! Master the skills to battle dragons, forge the best weapons, and finish off foes with our thorough combat coverage. Customise your character: Every weapon, spell, perk, and ability covered. Plus, complete information on all 18 skill trees and detailed information on cooking, farming, and mining.

Includes:
A Champion for Skyrim
Multiple character builds based on hundreds of hours of playtesting reveal exactly what Skills, Perks, equipment, and other items to pick, and how to advance through the game, no matter the type of character you want to be.
All Collectibles Gathered
If you’re searching Skyrim for Skill Books, Unique Items and Weapons, every single Shout, Dragon Priest Masks, Treasure Maps, Unusual Gems, or even Captured Critters, we show you where every rare item is.
The Atlas of Skyrim
A comprehensive tour of every single location, from the vast Hold Cities to the smallest woodland den. Every major exploration point receives a walkthrough flagging important items, with detailed maps throughout.
Prowess in Combat 
Every weapon, piece of equipment, and spell is detailed so you know which blade, bow, or incantation to crush your enemies with. Every type of combat is tactically analyzed, so you can better any foe in battle.
Trainers and Traders 
Skyrim is full of merchants to barter with, and trainers to further
increase your Skill, Crafting, and Bartering proficiencies. Every alchemist, blacksmith, innkeeper, trainer, Khajiit caravan, and other vendor revealed.
Followers and Friends 
Build your friendships across Skyrim and locate every Follower with information inside this guide. Become a Thane. Own property. Marry your favorite Housecarl. Details inside.
Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim: Prima Official Game Guide-P2P