Host: George Noory
Guests: Hal Lindsey, Pat Buchanan

Hal Lindsey's influential book The Late Great Planet Earth described the undeniable signs of the end times: the rebirth of Israel, war in the Middle East, natural disasters, and many others. He discussed how current events are now lining up with Bible prophecy in an unprecedented manner. He listed a number of the signs or "birth pangs" that we are nearing the prophesied end times: wars, great earthquakes, revolution, ethnic fighting, plagues, and famine. Biblical prophecy points to all these signs appearing simultaneously, and occurring with increasing intensity, which Lindsey believes is happening now.

The Bible also warns of "terrors and great signs from the heavens," as a precursor to end times. Lindsey believes this is related to UFO activity, and the UFO occupants are "fallen angels that are developing a pattern of deception so that when the Antichrist appears he can explain away what happened to all the believers of Jesus Christ that suddenly disappeared" (in the Rapture). The Antichrist will be known as the most tremendous leader the world has ever seen "with supernatural intelligence from Satan," and be able to convince the world that he has the power to bring in peace and prosperity, he said. At that point the economy will be in such upheaval that everyone will agree there has to be a central power, and a cashless society, Lindsey continued.

Another Bible warning refers to "signs in the sun, and the moon, and the stars...and the roaring of the sea and the waves." Lindsey pointed to climate change being caused by an increase in solar activity. The Book of Revelation talks about "a heat wave to end all heat waves" that's going to occur during that final seven years before Christ returns, he noted. As the planet heats up, storms are going to get greater and greater, he added.

American Decline

First hour guest, columnist Pat Buchanan talked about his new book, Suicide of a Superpower: Will America Survive to 2025? He foresees that in the years to come America will not exist as a country anymore except "as a collection of tribes who are basically at war with each other over riches and rewards." The US can't control its borders, balance its budget, or win its wars, and its "cradle faith" of Christianity is declining, he continued. Buchanan also cited the massive transfer of production out of the US into China as part of the American downfall.

News segment guest: Mitch Battros

Website(s):

   hallindsey.com
   buchanan.org

Book(s):

   The Everlasting Hatred: The Roots of Jihad
   The Late Great Planet Earth
   Faith for Earth’s Final Hour
   Suicide of a Superpower