About:

Get ready to take your photography workflow into overdrive. Now available for the Mac, ACDSee Pro delivers the ultimate in flexibility and control. Harness ACDSee's legendary speed to professionally manage, view, and process all your images with lightning-fast precision.

Take your Mac photography workflow into overdrive
Harness ACDSee Pro's unmatched speed and flexibility to manage, view, and process your images with the ultimate in control. ACDSee Pro is the integrated image management solution that helps you get more done after the shoot, optimizing every aspect of your workflow while saving you time, money and effort.

Features:

Accelerate your workflow:
As a photographer, you have thousands of photos and generate more every day. With the flexibility offered by ACDSee Pro, you can customize your digital asset management to the way you like to work, making it easier to stay organized.

Work intuitively on your Mac:
ACDSee Pro's interface is built around the key steps of managing, viewing and processing images on the Mac OS. Designed in consultation with pro photographers and Mac users, the streamlined interface allows you to stay easily oriented within the application while keeping the focus on your photos as you work.

Find anything:
Find individual photos or groups of images quickly using any number of search features. Tap into the Quick Search tool, view photos by date, or retrieve images already indexed by Spotlight. Plus build and save complex searches based on file properties, metadata and Boolean logic, and filter, group and sort your results. You'll never lose track of another photo again.

Access directly:
Browse your existing collection instantly. Unlike catalog-based photo applications, you don’t need to spend valuable time importing files that are already on your system and connected devices.

Manage your metadata:
View EXIF fields, edit IPTC information, and set and embed your own custom metadata. Add keywords, rate images to keep track of your best work, and set to multiple hierarchical categories without duplicating files.

Organize more than just photos:
With ACDSee Pro, you can categorize, rate and apply keywords to non-image files. Organize these digital assets in the same manner as you do your photos and videos, for a truly integrated workflow.

View fast:
View over 27 different file types in all, including the most popular RAW formats.
Note: Supported RAW cameras depend on the latest RAW updates from Apple that have been installed on your computer.

Process with precision:
Perfect the exposure, color, clarity and geometry on RAW files, JPEGs and more, with ACDSee Pro's powerful processing tools. Apply non-destructive edits to your images without needing to save new files - your originals are always preserved. Achieve desired results faster because you always see your adjustments applied in real time. Plus save even more time by creating presets for commonly performed correction tasks.

Save time with batch workflows:
Complete your entire workflow on multiple images at once using the Batch tool, and save custom presets to reuse at the click of a button. With drag and drop ease, you can organize batches of photos into folders, add keywords, assign ratings and more, to complete your workflow faster.

System Requirements:

Hardware:
Mac computer with an Intel® processor
512 MB RAM, 1 GB recommended
100 MB free hard drive space

Software:
Requires Mac OS X 10.5 or 10.6