 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118799/

Winner - best foreign (non USA) film at the Academy Awards, 1997
Best Foreign Feature Film also awarded in Norway - (Årets utenlandske spillefilm)


1280 x 696 (720p DivX HD avi) 3800k bitrate from bluray source file, 
256k Italian audio, with English template subtitles file is included for you to
convert to any language you might need using google translate or what have you. 
We did find Russian subtitles and they are included here for you equally.
1hr 56mins feature movie lenght
 

La vita e bella is a movie of great moral genius from Mr. Roberto Benigni
If Hitler was looking to be supreme, he'd have to find some place other than
Italy to be able to truly say so in any way shape or form! 

There is a greatness to the spirit of the peoples of Italy in what is human 
beauty of the greatest idealism - that is true strength and virtue and is
unmistakable in all that are its people - ALL of whom make Hitler look like a
freak by relative comparison!

There is much humour in the antics of this movie, and it remains a comedy
of great worth, despite having to see the harsh realities of the inane
holocaust cruelties that reached Italy too.

On the other hand, we are kept from the horrors by being aware that a spirit
that lives in what is Italian beauty - will not accept that such horrors
could possibly be true or be allowed to touch sensitive human souls as to
destroy the spirit here too.

If you look kindly at the little boy we are shown in this movie, and ask
yourself where is there a nicer true Irish spirit in a good Christian that
is filled with the potential for goodness like none other? - idealism that
has no equal in that it is nice, first and foremost, wanting to be simply
good, rather than wicked, innocent rather than insane with hubris of the inane. 
You will not find it easy to come by. Yet this was who Hitler chose to slaughter
as children too! Insane!

There is the greatest potential of Europe - in bringing together all great 
spirits such as these together in fairness and justice in what is forming
of a Union at the EU parliament, as compared to what has ever been envisioned
instead.

Nothing but a greatest human spirit of true moral virtue is supreme, and all
else remain hypocritical charlatans - as was certainly true of the Hitler mindset
then as it is today, Following such ideas of supremacy as Hitler only destroys 
what is best in us all - if we are inclined to for real, rather than being forced
to, that is! A couple of movie soundtrack selections are included for you too,
by the way! Please seed! Grazie!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo
