                       PART  285


               Italo-pop and disco music   


         01.  ROCCO GRANATA  -  Marina (1974)
         02.  LORETTA GOGGI   - Maledetta primavera (1981)
         03.  ALICE  -  Una notte speciale  (1982)
         04.  RICCHI E POVERI  - M'innamoro di te (1982)
         05.  TOTO CUTUGNO  -  L'Italiano (1983)  
         06.  ANNA RUSTICANO  -  Strano (1984)




    Rocco Granata is a Belgian singer and songwriter.He is best known for his #1 hit "Marina". He  released the songs "Manuela" / "Marina" as a single in 1959; the B-side - "Marina" became an international hit, reaching #1 in Belgium and in Germany as well as charting across Europe and in the United States. It sold over one million copies in Germany alone, and was awarded a gold disc. It has been covered many times by artists such as Marino Marini, Dalida and Louis Armstrong. After the success of "Marina", Granata toured the world, including dates at Carnegie Hall. A feature film entitled Marina was released in 1960, which set the stage for a string of German hits. He also appeared in Italy at the Sanremo Festival in 1961.In 1989, Granata commissioned a dance remix of "Marina", which again topped the Belgian charts as well as those of Italy and Germany.
   "Maledetta Primavera" (Damn Spring) is a song performed by Italian singer Loretta Goggi in 1981, at the 31st edition of Festival di San Remo. It was written by Paolo Cassella and Gaetano Savio. The song didn't win the Festival, making it only to the second place. However, it became a hit in Italy, and later covers became a hit in several other countries around the world. In Italy, Maledetta Primavera topped the chart on March 21, 1981. In Switzerland it reached the 2nd position; in Austria the 14th. 
    Alice Visconti is an Italian singer-songwriter and pianist, active since 1971.Alice had her breakthrough after winning the Sanremo Music Festival with the song "Per Elisa" in 1981, followed by European hit singles like "Una notte speciale", "Messaggio", "Chan-son Egocentrique", "Prospettiva Nevski" and "Nomadi" and albums like "Gioielli rubati", "Park Hotel", "Elisir" and "Il sole nella pioggia" charting in both Continental Europe, Scandinavia and Japan.
   Ricchi e Poveri (The Rich and The Poor) is one of the most famous Italian pop music groups in Europe and Latin America. Active since the late 1960s, they have sold over 20 million records.The group was formed in 1967 by Franco Gatti, Angela Brambati, Angelo Sotgiu and Marina Occhiena.In 1981 Marina Occhiena left the group. Ricchi e Poveri has recorded in Italian and Spanish and boasts some of the most popular Italian songs of the 80s and 90s such as "Mamma Maria", "Se m'innamoro", "Made in Italy", "M'innamoro di te" and many others. Their hit "Che sarà" has also been performed by José Feliciano and Jimmy Fontana. 
   "Toto" Cutugno is an Italian pop singer-songwriter and musician. He began his musical career as a drummer, but later formed a band that performed his own songs. He also had cowritten for popular French-American singer Joe Dassin, contributing some of his most famous songs, including "L'été indien" ("Africa"), "Et si tu n'existais pas" and "Le Jardin du Luxembourg" . He also co-wrote Dalida's "Laissez moi danser" (Voglio l'anima"), which became a Platinum record shortly after its release.Cutugno may be best-known for his worldwide hit song, "L'Italiano", which was on his hit CD, "I Grandi Successi".  


