The Who - The Kids Are Alright [promo] (PCM+AC3).VOB


Very HQ very rare promo music video with untouched LPCM & AC3 6ch audio from the promo DVD. "The Kids Are Alright" is a song written by Pete Townshend of The Who. It appears as the seventh track on the group's first album, My Generation (1965). It was not released as a single until more than six months after it first appeared on the LP, first in the United States, and in the UK the following month. While not a huge hit at the time (reaching #41 in the UK and #85 in the US), the song, along with the album's title track, would become anthems for the group and the Mod movement of England in the 1960s. It would later become the name of the documentary for the band in 1979. The song features a standard I-IV-V chord progression in the key of D while the chorus uses a II-V-IV-I-II chord progression. The song was edited for the U.K. single and this version has become much more common than the original full-length U.K. album version. The edit of the song features a substantially shortened instrumental break. In addition to appearing on My Generation, the beginning of the song can be heard on Quadrophenia, after the song "Helpless Dancer" has faded out.
 
The song has been covered by bands such as The Queers, Goldfinger, Eddie and the Hot Rods, Dropkick Murphys, Hi-Standard, Green Day, Pearl Jam and Belle & Sebastian who closed their set with it at the Bowlie Weekender in 1999. In 2008 Billy Bob Thorntons band The Boxmasters recorded a version of the song as the closing number on the second disc of their album The Boxmasters. The song was also recorded for a covers album by Matthew Sweet and Bangles' vocalist Susanna Hoffs. Keith Moon also did a cover of this song for his solo album, Two Sides of the Moon.
 
In present-day live performances, The Who add a lengthy extra section to the end of "The Kids Are Alright", featuring partly improvised lyrics. After John Entwistle's death, the extra lyrics would occasionally make reference to him, and his love of old red wine, which would later inspire their song "Old Red Wine", a tribute to Entwistle.

This song is referenced in the title of the song "The Kids Aren't Alright" by the Offspring, "The Kids Are All Wrong" by Lagwagon and "The Kids" by The Parlor Mob, in which the main chorus line is 'No the kids aint alright'. The title of the song was also used for 1979 rockumentary film about the English rock band The Who, including live performances, promotional films and interviews from 1964 to 1978.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Kids_Are_Alright_(song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/OaeOOaADg 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9800kbps
   Audio1: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Audio2: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz 6ch 448kbps
   Duration: 00:03:02


*To change the audio in "Media Player Classic", just go to "Navigate" then "Audio Language" and choose between the 2 sources* (there's a delay that happens while the audio is switching between the two sources)




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated January 31, 2011!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
