 Young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville. 

Season 1, Episode 1: Pilot
Original Air Date—16 May 2001
Baby Clark (Kal-El) arrives on Earth. Teen Clark starts high school, saves Lex's life after a car accident, and finds out about his past and birth parents.
	
Season 1, Episode 2: Metamorphosis
Original Air Date—23 October 2001
Teenager Greg Arkin, who lives alone with his mother Mrs. Arkin, collects insects in his home. After arguing with his mother, he puts the insects in his car and has an accident on the road, and is attacked by the insects. He has a metamorphosis, becoming a powerful insect. He kills his mother and he chooses Lana Lang to be his mate for procreation purposes. In the end, Clark saves Lana from Greg's cocoon.
	
Season 1, Episode 3: Hothead
Original Air Date—30 October 2001
The coach of the Smallville High School's football team "The Crows", the bossy and arrogant Walt Arnold (Dan Lauria) is close to his victory number 200 along twenty-five years of a successful career. He is exposed to burning kryptonite ore in the sauna, and achieves the power of burning whatever he wants. Principal James Kwan (Hiro Kanagawa) finds that seven athletes cheated in a mathematics test, and decides to punish the group by not permitting them to participate in the final game. Coach Walt retaliates by burning his car, and Mr. Kwan goes to the hospital. Meanwhile, Clark Kent is invited by Coach Arnold and decides to join the football team, against the will of his father Jonathan. When Arnold loses control of his power, Clark has to fight with him to save Jonathan and his friend Chloe Sullivan, the student reporter covering the team. Lana's relationship with Whitney continues to grow strained over his football practice taking up their time, leading her to quit cheer leading. Also, the amoral Lionel Luthor arrives in Smallville and pressures Lex to cut his workforce at the LutherCorp plant to save money.
	
Season 1, Episode 4: X-Ray
Original Air Date—6 November 2001
Tina Greer is a meteor-rock mutant teenage girl who has the power to transform into the shape and face of whoever she wants. She robs Smallville Bank pretending to be Lex Luthor, and accidentally kills her mother Rose. She becomes obsessed with Lana Lang's family, and decides to assume her identity. Meanwhile, Clark Kent finds that he has X-ray vision, and has trouble to control his new-found power, with the support of his stepparents, as well as trying to hide it from Pete, Chloe, and Lana. Lex Luthor is blackmailed by a dirty journalist, named Roger Nixon, who found some dirt on Lex's his hidden obscure past. But Lex reverts the situation in the end by blackmailing the journalist to investigate Clark Kent.
	
Season 1, Episode 5: Cool
Original Air Date—13 November 2001
In a high school party nearby a frozen lake with kryptonite at the bottom, arrogant football player Sean Kelvin has an accident and drowns under the ice. However, he mysteriously survives with the power and need of taking the heat of other people and freeze things. Meanwhile, the Kents have financial difficulties and need a loan to save their farm, and Lex Luthor invites them for a meeting at his mansion and offers the necessary money in a lower interest rate to the reluctant Jonathan. Sean freezes and kills his girlfriend Jenna Barnum, and invites Chloe Sullivan to date him with the intention to use her body heat for his own survival. Clark, who is going to a Radiohead concert with Lana, quits the date to save his friend first, and his stepparents later, while the jilted and angry Lana returns to the arms of her boyfriend Whitney.
	
Season 1, Episode 6: Hourglass
Original Air Date—20 November 2001
Clark and Pete apply to community work in an institute for the aged to be close to Lana Lang who's also volunteering there. Clark's favorite patient is Cassandra Carver, a blind old lady that foretells the future, and who realizes that Clark is not from this world. Lana takes care of Harry Bollston, an unknown former murder. When Harry falls in a lake full of kryptonite nearby the institution, he becomes young again. The young Harry Volk then seeks revenge against the descendants of the members of the jury that sentenced him in the past by killing them. One of these descendants is Jonathan Kent. Meanwhile, Lex approaches Cassandra to ask her information about Clark, and she has a vision of disaster involving Lex.
	
Season 1, Episode 7: Craving
Original Air Date—27 November 2001
Fat teenager Jodi Melville is obsessed to lose weight. She feels rejected by her schoolmates except Pete, who defends her. Planning to attend Lana Lang's birthday party, Jodi submits herself to a radical diet: only vegetables planted in her father's greenhouse... but with soil full of kryptonite. Jodi immediately achieves a wonderful shape, but has a huge and uncontrollable starvation and needs human body fat as the side effect, threatening whoever is closest- her next potential victim is date Pete. Clark again is forced to break his date with Lana to try to save Pete and somehow stop Jodi. Whitney tries to get back together with Lana by informing her about being accepted to Kansas State University. Meanwhile, Lex views Chloe's 'Wall of Weird' at Smallville High's school-paper The Torch, to study meteor rock mutants, and he later approaches meteor rock expert Dr. Steven Hamilton to investigate the meteor shower to determine if 'something else' came down that day.
	
Season 1, Episode 8: Jitters
Original Air Date—11 December 2001
Former Luthor Corp employee Earl Jenkins, and who also worked at the Kent farm, has an unknown disease that violently shakes all his body. He arrives at the Kent farm during a party Clark throws while his parents are out of town and claims that the disease developed following an explosion at his former workplace: Level 3 of Luthor's Smallville plant which was experimenting with meteor-rock laced fertilizer. Trouble is, there is no Level 3! Determined to prove his case, Earl breaks into the plant and takes a class touring the plant hostage. Lex arrives with the police and trades himself for the hostages, while Clark stays behind to try to help Lex and find out more about 'Level 3' which Lex claims to know nothing about. But Lionel apparently knows about the mysterious secret underground level when he arrives with his personal goon army determined to keep the secret experiment under wraps... at the expense of anyone, even his own son Lex.
	
Season 1, Episode 9: Rogue
Original Air Date—15 January 2002
While visiting an exposition sponsored by the Luthor Corp in Metropolis, Clark Kent saves a homeless man from an out of control bus using his powerful body to stop the vehicle. But a corrupt police detective, named Sam Phelan, witnesses the event, and blackmails the Kent family, promising to disclose the secret unless Clark steals his files from the internal affairs. When Clark refuses, Phelan retaliates by framing Jonathan for a murder charge and forces Clark to steal a priceless armored vest from the Luther Corp exposition. Meanwhile, Lex Luthor is visited by his former lover Victoria Hardwick, the daughter of the greatest competitor of the Luthor Corp. Also, Principal Kwan fires Chloe as the editor of the school paper, The Torch, leading him to appoint both Clark and Lana as Chloe's replacements.
	
Season 1, Episode 10: Shimmer
Original Air Date—29 January 2002
Amy Palmer is a teenage girl who has a crush on Lex Luthor. Her mother works in the Luthor's mansion and they live with her brother Jeff Palmer on the property. Amy is jealous of Luthor's girlfriend Victoria Hardwick. Soon, both Lex and Victoria are attacked by some invisible being. Chloe suspects Amy is the one responsible. But the real culprit is Jeff who has the power to make himself invisible. Meanwhile, Lana and Whitney decide to take a break in their relationship, and Clark gets close to Lana. But when Clark finds the motive for the petulant attitude of Whitney, he approaches Lana to persuade her to return to Whitney again. Also, Lionel arrives for a visit and instantly becomes suspicious to Victoria's agenda for Lex.
	
Season 1, Episode 11: Hug
Original Air Date—5 February 2002
Bob Rickman is a evil tycoon who intends to build a very pollutant plant in Smallville, and he needs to buy Jonathan Kent's farm. Rickman is famous because of his capacity of convincing people, but indeed he has a powerful gift of changing people's mind with his shake of hands, and he uses his new kryptonite power of persuasion against Jonathan. Meanwhile, the eremite Kyle Tippet, who was the former business partner of Rickman, helps Clark and Lex against the powerful and greedy industrialist. But Clark's quick kinship with Kyle causes a riff between him, Lana and Whitney who both despite the mysterous hermit.
	
Season 1, Episode 12: Leech
Original Air Date—12 February 2002
Clark and a classmate, named Eric Summer, are both struck by lightning when Eric is holding a piece of meteor rock. The electrical surge takes Clark's powers away and transfers them to Eric. As Eric gets used to his new powers, Clark has to deal with being a normal person for the first time, with all the advantages and disadvantages. But Eric's abusive and domineering father wants to have him examined in Metropolis for his strange powers and in response, the mentally unbalanced Eric goes on a rampage. Meanwhile, Sir Harry Hardwick, Victoria's father, and rival of Lionel Luthor, try to recruit Lex for their business in Metropolis and almost succeed in buying out Luthor Corp. But Lex turns the tables against them. Reporter Roger Nixon continues to investigate Lex's car accident and begins to close in on Clark's secret. Also, Lana becomes more distant when Aunt Nell announces her plans to sell her florist shop.
	
Season 1, Episode 13: Kinetic
Original Air Date—26 February 2002
After losing his college scholarship, a depressed Whitney falls in with a group of three former jocks from Smallville High who have tattoos made from kryptonite-laced paint that give them the power to walk through walls and commit various robberies around town. While Clark tries to track down the robbers, without getting physically close to them because of their tattoos, Chloe is seriously injured during a robbery of Lex's mansion when she is thrown out a window. Lex has his own plans to find the robbery trio when they steal an incriminating computer disk from his mansion. Also, Lana learns that Lex is the one who bought out the old movie theater and Nell's flower shop.
	
Season 1, Episode 14: Zero
Original Air Date—12 March 2002
As Lex helps Lana prepare for the re-opening of the Smallville theater, The Talon, as a coffee shop, a man from Lex's past, named Jude Royce, arrives in town and begins stalking Lex wanting to hold him in conjunction with a shooting death at Club Zero in Metropolis three years ago that Lex may have been responsible for. Meanwhile, Chloe looks into Clark's past as an adopted child while Martha and Jonathan try to thwart Chloe's moves.
	
Season 1, Episode 15: Nicodemus
Original Air Date—19 March 2002
After stealing an experimental flower laced with meteor-rock pollen from Dr. Steven Hamilton, the employee of the Luthor Corp, James Beales has a truck accident on the road and is rescued by Jonathan Kent. However, the flower releases its pollen on Jonathan faces, and he unleashes his innermost repressed desires first with Martha and his anger towards the Luthors. He enters in coma later. Then Lana becomes affected and tries to seduce Clark. Pete also becomes affected by the Nicodemus flower in the same way. While Clark helps Lex track down the source, Lex hides from Clark that Dr. Steven Hamilton is working for him, but they find the cure in an old book.
	
Season 1, Episode 16: Stray
Original Air Date—16 April 2002
After escaping from his mean stepparents James Gibson and Sky, the boy Ryan James is hit by Martha Kent's car on the road. She brings Ryan to a hospital, and the boy claims to have amnesia. The Kent family offers to lodge Ryan in their farm while waiting for the social services. The boy becomes friends with Clark Kent and his friends, and has the power of reading minds, and his adopted parents use him to commit robberies. Clark helps the boy against his stepfather while Ryan knows Clark is different when Ryan sees that he's the only one whose mind he cannot read.
	
Season 1, Episode 17: Reaper
Original Air Date—23 April 2002
While visiting his sick mother in the hospital, Tyler Randall is requested to commit euthanasia at her request. The nurse witness the attempt, and the security guard tries to arrest Tyler, he falls from the sixth floor and dies. When the pathologist removes a green stone from the meteor-rock bracelet from his wrist, Tyler returns to life, but he has a lethal touch, turning people to dust by mere touch. He decides to help terminal people to die, becoming "The Reaper". Tyler's path's with Clark cross when he gets a job as a flower delivery person for invalid people on a 'good Samaritan' run that Clark is volunteering at, in which Tyler targets Whitney's father who's dying from a heart condition. Meanwhile, Lex gets a visit from Dominic Senatori, an associate of his father's, to investigate Lex's financial situation and learns about the investigation into Clark Kent, where he informs Jonathan about Lex's curiosity in Clark and his suspected 'abilities.' Also, Lex tries to help Clark mend fences with him and Jonathan, as well as tries to set up Clark with Lana so Clark can have another chance with her, and so Lana can get over Whitney who grows more depressed over his father's worsening condition.
	
Season 1, Episode 18: Drone
Original Air Date—30 April 2002
Along the dispute of an election of the president in Smallville high school, on candidate Paul Chan is severely injured by a swarm of bees. Pete decides to promote Clark Kent as the substituted for the spot. When the other aspirant schoolmate, Felice Chandler, is also attacked by bees, Clark believes that last competitor, Sasha Woodman, is behind the attacks whom has the meteor-rock ability to control bees. Meanwhile, Lex Luthor is threatened by an opportunist and ambitious reporter from Metropolis, named Carrie Castle, over some dark secrets of his that she's investigating. Also, the Talon, the thematic coffee shop where Lana works is completely empty, losing clients to the competition and with the threat of closing the doors which makes Clark turn to Lex to ask for help to keep it open for Lana's sake.
	
Season 1, Episode 19: Crush
Original Air Date—7 May 2002
Justin Gaines is a teenage cartoonist who is recovering in the hospital from a car accident with the power of telekinesis. but has mobility problems with his hands. He believes his doctor was negligent, and he will not be able to draw again, so he provokes a serious accident with the brash Dr. Christopher Wells. Justin returns to Smallville, and begins dating Chloe Sullivan, who is upset with Clark Kent, making him jealous with the situation. When Justin reveals his powers to Chloe, she decides to investigate to help him find the driver who hit him and didn't stop. When they discover that it was the school principal Kwan, Justin takes matters into his own hands and kills him, leading Clark to try to find a way to stop Justin. Meanwhile, Lex's former nanny, Pamela Jenkins, comes to Smallville to ask Lex to forgive her for abandoning him after his mother's death nearly ten years ago. Also, Whitney tries to ask Lana for a second chance with her.
	
Season 1, Episode 20: Obscura
Original Air Date—14 May 2002
When Lana is hit by an explosion of a gas pipeline in a field, she develops the power of clairvoyance from meteor-rock fragments where she has visions of an elusive serial kidnapper/killer and she sees Chloe Sullivan being kidnapped. Clark must rely on Lana's visions to find and rescue Chloe before she's killed. Meanwhile, Lex Luthor is visited by the despicable reporter Roger Nixon who convinces him to open again the investigation of the mysterious events surrounding the meteor shower of years ago when a witness reveals that something more came down during the meteor shower. Also, Clark ponders making plans to the school's spring formal dance by asking Chloe while Pete also as the same thoughts. Whitney tells Lana that he's thinking about leaving Smallville the wake of his father's death.
	
Season 1, Episode 21: Tempest
Original Air Date—21 May 2002
Lex is surprised when his father, Lionel Luthor, arrives in Smallville and officially closes down the Luther Corp Fertilizer Plant, thus firing all 2,500 employees to force Lex to move to Metropolis to help him run his evil corporate empire from there.
 
http://www.postimg.com/43000/photo-42673.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/43000/photo-42675.jpg

Dont bitch,
 Seed 