Meant to complement:   http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6034774/Karrin_Allyson_-_%28Ballads%29_Remembering_Coltrane_%5BVinyl-180g%5D


Artist(s:) 	John Coltrane
Album:  	Ballads
Label:  	Original Recordings Group
Label Info 	ORG 012
Media Info 	DoLP - 180g - @45rpm
Mastered 	Bernie Grundman @ Grundman Mastering, Hollywood
Thanks to 	aksman
Kind:   	Vinyl 24-Bit/96kHz
Sound:  	Stereo
Genre:  	Jazz
Year:   	1962
Artwork 	Yes
Fileformat: 	.flac



Allmusic.com rating: 4 out of 5 Stars
 
Before this ballad album was released, John Coltrane's critics and jazz fans classed him as an 'avant-gardist', a modernist, an angry, wild young man who made his tenor saxophone scream out. Tongues wagged that free jazz could be made by just anyone who hung a horn around his neck.
These eight ballads made people stop and listen with real pleasure. "Have you heard him? He can blow the notes properly, the pianist knows all the harmonies, and the drummer does far more than just bash!" These words were to be heard and read everywhere, in the specialist magazines, and in the jazz clubs from New York to Tokyo.
All the themes are taken from the American Songbook, from musicals, and well-known numbers performed by Frank Sinatra, Johnny Mathis, Ella Fitzgerald and Peggy Lee among others. All of them have been performed time and time again and although the musicians played the themes for the very first time at the recording session, their interpretation was well structured while at the same time fresh and intense. With the exception of just one number, all the titles were a complete success at the very first take; but that is not merely that which underlines the high musical standard of the quartet.
Fans and critics alike have continued to hold this early Impulse production in high esteem to this very day, which is certainly due to the producer Bob Thiele. But a great part of the album's success is also due to the excellent work of the recording engineer Rudy Van Gelder, who has captured the intimate atmosphere with his microphones.
 
Track listing
Side A:
"Say it (Over and Over Again)" (Frank Loesser, Jimmy McHugh) - 4:18
"You Don't Know What Love Is" (Gene DePaul, Don Raye) - 5:15

Side B:
"Too Young to Go Steady" (Harold Adamson, McHugh) - 4:23
"All or Nothing at All" (Arthur Altman, Jack Lawrence) - 3:38

Side C:
"I Wish I Knew" (Mack Gordon, Harry Warren) - 4:54
"What's New?" (Johnny Burke, Bob Haggart) - 3:47

Side D:
"It's Easy to Remember" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) - 2:49
"Nancy (With the Laughing Face)" (Phil Silvers, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 3:10
 
Personnel
John Coltrane - tenor saxophone/soprano saxophone
McCoy Tyner - piano
Jimmy Garrison - bass
Elvin Jones - drums
 
Recording: December 1961, September and November 1962 at Englewood Cliffs, NJ,
by Rudy Van Gelder
Production: Bob Thiele
 
Technical Log
Hannl"limited" Record Cleaning Machine
Music Hall MMF 5.1 Turntable
Goldring 1042GX reference Cartridge
Belari VP-129 Tube Phono PreAmp with Sylvania 12AX7WA
Tascam US-144 external USB 2.0 Audiointerface
Interconnections by "Goldkabel"
Wavelab 5 recording software
ClickRepair 3.0.1 (not used)
 
Vacuum Cleaning - TT - Belari - Laptop - Wavelab 5.01 (24/96) - manual click removalanalyze (no clipping, no DC Bias offset) - split into individual Tracks - FLAC encoded (Vers. 1.21)
 
No silence been removed, please burn gapless to match original tracklayout.