The tracks chosen for this compilation reflect the soulside of Sven Zetterberg. We have chosen to focus on the following albums: The Blue Soulution (1990), Watch Your Step (1991), Permanently Blue (1995), Steppin Out Alive (1996) & Blues From Within (1999). Included are also two previously unreleased studio tracks: One day at a time & You know my love and the beautifully haunting track from the Fjellis Fjellström tribute album Till & från en blå man, the gospel-like Living on borrowed time.

The opening track says it all, even when his nerves gone bad, Sven Zetterberg is no accidential tourist in the land of soul music, nor is he the kind of guy who carefully pokes his head through the doorway of some jam-packed juke joint in hopes of finding a vacant bar stool. Sven Zetterberg is a musician so completely at home in soul country, he may rightfully be called Swedens foremost soul artist. The material selected here displays a merciless competency, deep soul ballads with a crushing power backed solidly up by guitar solos approaching masochism. Like a slap in the face that does more good than harm, this is healing, this is voodoo for the broken heart. This is the way forward.

The battle wounds may be fresh, but the voice bears witness to a spirit that is totally undaunted. 

Let this compilation serve as a testimony to the simple truth that soul music has no particular nationality or skin color, but finds its source in a universal place, the human heart - whose reckless fondness for saying yes instead of no contains the seeds of sin as well as the powers of redemption. 

Soul music for the wild at heart  

(Liner notes by Liza Cantor-Grase)

- - -

Sven Zetterberg - Soul of a Man 1990-1999
(Stockholm Amigo 2004)

 1. My nerve\'s gone bad. 
 2. Permanently blue. 
 3. The ckokin\' kind. 
 4. I\'ll never do you wrong. 
 5. You know my love.
 6. What can a man do? 
 7. I need me somebody. 
 8. People don\'t do like they used to do. 
 9. One day at a time. 
10. Nine pound steel. 
11. You\'re breaking my heart. 
12. Will it be me or him. 
13. Bloody tears. 
14. You took off with my life. 
15. Open house at my house. 
16. Living on borrowed time
