Dear HBGary (a recently disgraced "security" company),

Warm regards from Anonymous once again. It was our belief that you'd been taught a valuable lesson since our last message to you, but it appears that this is not the case.

After we humiliated you thoroughly by making your private documents public, defacing your website, taking over various online accounts of  your executives, socially engineering your "trusted" server admins, unveiling embarrassing personal mishaps of Aaron Barr and essentially ruining any future plans your company might have, we had assumed that you'd at least, for once, use your combined brain cells to realize what you should and shouldn't do.

So what did you do? You threatened us. Greg Hoglund, COO of  HBGary, thought it wise to push forth that legal action is being taken  to bring down Anonymous. Let's not forget that the first time you tried  to do something like this, we did not overlook it, and we are not  overlooking it now. We were willing to stop attacking you, we were even  willing to leave you be entirely - but now you have provoked us, and  there will be no mercy.

You even have the nerve to suggest we're falsifying information,  which you arrogantly posted in a statement on your company website. The  same company website that Anonymous ravaged.

HBGary, Inc and HBGary Federal, a  separate but related company, have been the victims of an intentional  criminal cyberattack. We are taking this crime seriously and are working  with federal, state, and local law enforcement authorities and  redirecting internal resources to investigate and respond appropriately.  To the extent that any client information may have been affected by  this event, we will provide the affected clients with complete and  accurate information as soon as it becomes available.
Meanwhile, please be aware that any  information currently in the public domain is not reliable because the  perpetrators of this offense, or people working closely with them, have  intentionally falsified certain data. HBGary, Inc and HBGary Federal are  committed to a comprehensive, accurate, and swift response to this  crime.

Anonymous has falsified nothing; we leaked your inboxes in full with no edits. In fact, most of your emails contain S/MIME digital signatures, proving that they're real. This information is now free to the public, and you honestly think you can wriggle your way out of it by accusing Anonymous of tampering with your data?

We feel it's time we took the game to the next level. We have now released all 71,802 HBGary emails so they are fully available to every citizen who is interested. This includes the previously unreleased 27,606 mails from Greg Hoglund's spool. We also included a fulltext search for your convenience.
 
But do not get us wrong, this is not all about revenge. Your leaked communications reveal that your companies were entangled in highly dubious and most likely illegal activities, including a smear campaign against WikiLeaks, its supportive journalists, and adversaries of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Bank of America. Evidence even suggests that this was done with full knowledge of the U.S. Department of Justice.

While the whole truth has yet to be uncovered, Anonymous feels that it is its duty to let the world know what you, related companies, and government agencies are up to behind closed doors. We will not stand idly by while firms like HBGary work in secrecy to undermine rights of citizens or institutions like WikiLeaks.
 
Admittedly, HBGary, while we do what we feel is necessary and just, we do not deny that we enjoyed breaking your neck in the process. You tried to play our game. You lost.

We are Anonymous.
We are legion.
We do not forgive.
We do not forget.
Expect us - always.

---

Web version: http://anonleaks.ru