Come aboard and step into the exciting world of submarines. Learn the transformation from crude containers designed to keep the water out to the nuclear powered steel underwater sharks of today. Striking from below, the submarine has struck fear into the hearts of sailors for over one hundred years. Now, take a four-part journey into the silent ranks of one of the world's deadliest weapons. Each episode of Sharks of Steel takes viewers inside the world of the submarine and the submariners who serve aboard them. Used as weapons for over a hundred years, it was during the world wars when submarines found their purpose as commerce raiders by sinking enemy shipping. Later, when nuclear weaponry came of age, submarines became an integral part of naval force. Capable of electronically picking your pocket or destroying an enemy's submarines, these sleek, nuclear powered sharks of steel are currently at front line of defense. With stealth and quiet submarines accomplish their missions around the sometimes hostile world while surviving deep underwater.

Directed by Scott Hicks
Produced by Michael Caulfield

A Beyound Productions & Discovery Communications Co-Production (1992)


Part 2: In the Belly of the Beast
IN THE BELLY OF THE BEAST reveals a history of submarines and a basic overview of submariner emergency and weapons training in the United States, Russia and the United Kingdom. With the first breach of a submarine's double hull at depth, water spikes like like a metal rod crushing everything in it's path. An electrical fire means certain death in less than sixty seconds. The slightest error in judgment could result in grounding, propulsion failure or worse... a reactor meltdown. And one wrong move during a hot engagement gives the enemy the only shot he'll ever need. Unless each scenario is handled with the highest degree of professionalism and training, the ship and all hands will be lost.
For commanding officer and the enlisted man, this is the brutal reality of the service. Operating on the vanguard of technology, there is no margin for error. Ocean floors are littered with the wreckage of those who failed... duty demands only the fittest survive.


Technical Specs
----------------------------

Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2228 kbps
Video Resolution: 576x432
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 224kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 46:20.172
Number Of Parts: 4
Part Size: 854,827,008 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08