ARTIST: Brian Bonz
TITLE: The Triborough Odyssey
LABEL: Triple Crown Records
GENRE: Indie
BITRATE: 238kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 36m total
RELEASE DATE: 2010-10-25
RIP DATE: 2011-06-19

Track List
----------
1.  Flashlights & Baseball Bats      2:47
2.  The Honey Bee                    3:27
3.  Terror In The Bonneville         3:35
4.  My Corduroy Eye                  2:50
5.  Men, Voice, War                  3:35
6.  Gigantic Fiction                 0:48
7.  The Owl Prowls In Elm Village    4:00
    (Untitled Bossanova)
8.  Twin Terror                      2:42
9.  High Blood Pressure              3:01
10. Triborough                       5:53
11. A Harlem Hand, A Harlem Heart    3:57

Release Notes:
 
http://brianbonzblog.com/

Brian Bonz is only 24, but in those years, he’s seen the entire country and many
parts of the world. Still, no matter where he travels, home is truly where the
heart is for this Brooklyn native, which is why he has created a musical
scrapbook of his life entitled The Triborough Odyssey. But make no mistake –
although each song on the album was inspired by specific events and places that
bind New Yorkers, all of the emotions on the record are universal. Like Bonz’s
debut album, From Sumi to Japan, The Triborough Odyssey is a refreshing
compilation of experimental sounds with even more luscious arrangements.
However, it was the likes of the Notorious B.I.G. and Nas who had the biggest
influence on Bonz’s goal for the new album. “It’s sort of inspiring when you
hear rappers drop the names of neighborhoods or sing about different places and
you know what they’re talking about,” he says. “I wanted to apply that
upbringing, that surrounding, and write-what-you-know-about aspect to this
record.”

Although the album pays homage to New York, Bonz and his band, The Major Crimes,
actually flew out to Chicago to record with John McEntire (Tortoise, The Sea and
Cake) at his legendary Soma Electronic Music Studios. Accustomed to recording in
his hometown and fine-tuning the sound in friends’ basements, working with
McEntire proved to be nothing short of enlightening. “It was a great experience
to work with John and be put up to the challenge of recording with someone you
don’t have any back story with, and who has a history of records you enjoy,”
Bonz explains. “Listening to and hearing stuff back in that control room and
being in the same studio that Wilco recorded some of their records, you sort of
sit there and say, ‘Oh, this is why we’re working with this guy – because he
makes Stereolab sound like Stereolab.’”

Lyrically, Bonz was inspired by the 2003 Blackout, 9/11, Manhattan real estate
and more, but each track also touches upon his ever-changing relationships. “The
Honey Bee,” the album’s dreamy, doo-wop-inspired first single, is something that
Bonz doesn’t usually dabble with – a love song. “I’m not really into writing
about girls or taking that personal aspect of my life and applying it to a song,
but it’s about dating someone that didn’t grow up in New York and moved here,”
he reveals. “I feel like it’s always interesting to get asked questions from
people that are just discovering the city and re-situating their lives.”

Another unique offering on the record is the acoustic “My Corduroy Eye,” which
is about Bonz’s friend who dealt with sex addiction, and is sung entirely in
Spanish. “A Harlem Hand, A Harlem Heart” is one of the most noticeable gems on
the album, rooted in smooth jazz and focused on “the projects and the people who
live there, and how that’s slowly being stripped away because of real estate.”

But the true benchmark of the new record is Bonz’s most personal song,
“Triborough,” which features an extended instrumental introduction before
allowing the cerebral singer’s vocals to come in. “It’s about any relationship
you have, whether it be something involving love, friendship or a family member,
and what happens when you get so comfortable with the dynamic that you let your
guard down,” he muses.

Those wondering about the Dot Hongs can rest assured – the name has been buried,
but nearly all of the players remain the same. “It was just a joke that turned
into a laughing kind of thing when we would bring it up to people that didn’t
even know what we sounded like, so we changed our name to Brian Bonz and The
Major Crimes, which is inspired by the HBO show The Wire,” he explains. “I’m a
Wire freak, but I’m not going to get deep into the meaning behind ‘Major
Crimes.’ People can Wikipedia that.”

In the last two years, Bonz has grown tremendously, and like many of the best
writers do, he’s channeling all of his (still-mounting) life experiences into
his music – only this time around, he’s doing it New York style. “You write
about what you know and what you learned from some of the people that you may
have trusted when things are good or bad,” he says. “From that point on, I think
it’s important to retrace whatever the issue is and make sure you take a step
back and get a good perspective about it all.” Case closed.
