
The World at War Box DVD 2/10       

 
Nu de hele geschiedenis van de Tweede Wereldoorlog op 5 dubbel DVD's met in 

totaal meer dan 30 uur materiaal!
U wordt getuige van de opkomst van de nazi's tot en met de overwinning op 

Japan. In dit complete overzicht ziet u in beeld en geluid alle feiten en 

gebeurtenissen in deze boeiende periode van de wereldgeschiedenis.
De gehele serie heeft een 9.9 rating op IMDB.com en is verder alom geroemd 

om de volledigheid, objectiviteit en punctualiteit van deze documentaire. De 

gehele serie wordt van commentaar voorzien van Sir Laurence Olivier.

DVD Extra's: Elke afzonderlijke DVD is voorzien van bewegende menuschermen, 

een fotogalerie van het Imperial War Museum; Biografieen, Kort overzicht van 

de Tweede Wereld Oorlog;samenvatting van de verschillende afleveringen, 

Toespraken, Songs, Nieuwsberichten en Overzichtskaarten.

Product Informatie DVD: Ondertiteling Nederlands, Audio Materiaal: Engels 

2.0, Dolby Digital, 4:3


Engels:

A multi-volumed documentary mini-series, "The World at War" covers the 

entire history of World War II from the causes of the 1920s to the aftermath 

of the Cold War in the 1950s. 
Emphasis is also placed on several inside story episodes, where events are 

covered which occurred inside Germany and Japan such as resistance to 

Hitler, life in general under a dictatorial regime, and particular emphasis 

is focused on the Jewish Holocaust.




Season 1, Episode 4: Alone: May 1940-May 1941
Following the defeat and retreat at Dunkirk, Britain desperately works to 

rearm and prepare their defenses. But Germany was not well prepared to press 

their offensive and invade. After losing the Battle of Britain Germany 

begins bombing British cities. The British launch an offensive in North 

Africa hoping to distract the Germans attention from the British Isles.

Season 1, Episode 5: Barbarossa: June-December 1941
Following the conquest of France Hitler, almost casually by blitzkrieg 

standards, turn his eyes toward Russia. But Stalin is equally lackadaisical 

in preparing defenses against Germany. The German invasion rapidly reaches 

the gates of Moscow where it is stopped cold by the onset of winter then 

crushed by the Russian counterattack.

Season 1, Episode 6: Banzai! Japan: 1931-1942
Following Japan's conquest of eastern Asia the Allies finally respond with 

sanctions. They prove so threatening to Japan that it prepares to conquer 

Southeast Asia to secure the resources it needs. But first the threat from 

the British and American Pacific fleets must be eliminated.

Season 1, Episode 7: On Our Way: U.S.A. - 1939-1942
Although those in the know figured it was just a matter of time, the United 

States only reluctantly participated in World War 2. But it was not a 

foregone conclusion that the United States would side against both Germany 

and Japan. Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor precipitated a quick decision. But 

in Germany's case a long series of mutual provocations, some intended, some 

not, gradually turned the United States against Germany.






Spotinformatie
 
Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail
Audio         : Engels DD 2.0
Ondertitels   : Nederlands
Menu          : Ja
Extra's       : Ja
Cover         : Ja
Genre         : Documentaire


  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071075/ 

 
http://www.theworldatwar.com/


Aangeboden door TinkerBell @ TBS