 http://itunes.apple.com/in/app/the-elements-for-iphone-4/id378059344?mt=8

Description

This version of The Elements is for iPhone 4 and the latest 4th generation iPod touch only (NOT iPad or iPad 2), in English with British spellings. It features beautiful high-resolution content optimised for the iPhone 4 screen. If you think you've seen the periodic table, think again. The Elements for iPhone lets you experience the beauty and fascination of the building blocks of our universe in a way you've never seen before.

The Elements is the first of a line of revolutionary ebooks from Touch Press developed from the ground up for iPad, which now includes our second title, Solar System for iPad. (Search for "Touch Press" in iTunes to find it.)

You start off at a periodic table (the home screen) composed of photographs of the real elements which you can explore with your finger.  As you move your finger around, the currently active elements is shown in the selection area at the top of the page. Tap it once to go to this element's own page. Here you will find a detailed account of the element and a wealth of samples and objects relating to that element. There are multiple objects for each element, with controls at the top of the page to browse them.

It's when you touch any of the element objects that the real magic starts. Use your finger to turn the object as fast or as slowly as you like. Each object responds effortlessly to your touch, and objects can be "thrown" to set them spinning. Every sample was painstakingly photographed from all sides on a precision turntable. Touch any image with your finger and it will spin fluidly, showing you 360 degrees of exquisite detail.

In addition, The Elements for iPhone gives you access to a huge depth of technical information about each element through the Wolfram|Alpha computable knowledge engine embedded in this ebook.  Touch the Wolfram|Alpha logo and you will be taken to a continuously updated Wolfram|Alpha report on the current element. For example, tap the Wolfram|Alpha entry for gold and find the current market price. 

The Elements for iPhone is based on the best-selling iPad ebook and as well as on the acclaimed hard cover edition of The Elements by Theodore Gray, Popular Science Magazine’s Gray Matter columnist.  You will be drawn-in by the rotations, but once you start reading the accounts of each element, you’ll be hooked on the fun stories and fascinating facts.

If you had a bad experience with chem class in school, this book is the antidote.  If you or someone you know is afraid chemistry is going to be their most boring subject, this book will show them that there’s a lot more to the periodic table than a bunch of numbers and letters.

If you have an iPhone, you really need this book, if only to experience the delight of exploring this vast and beautifully photographed collection of rotations.

Praise for the Hardcover Edition

“This glorious book is more than just a guide to the elements; it will fundamentally deepen your appreciation of the substances that make up our world.” –Oliver Sacks, Author of Awakenings and Uncle Tungsten

“This is the element book that in style and content outshines all element books! The photographs are fantastic in their mod layout on black. In the accompanying short texts, in a few choice words, Gray sketches utility, delves into history, and isn’t afraid to make sharp comments about the world. My reaction: elemental delight.”–Roald Hoffmann, writer and winner of the Nobel Prize for Chemistry

Please share....Dont hit and run...SEEEED it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)