
Case Studies in Hypocrisy: U.S. Human Rights Policy
By Noam Chomsky


Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps


Noam Chomsky is internationally renowned for his valuable, alternate viewpoint to U.S. foreign policy. On this two-CD set, he shows that the United States' first priority abroad is the free flow of capital. Nothing must hinder corporate efforts to sell weapons and purchase oil -- not trade restrictions, environmental protections, and certainly not human rights. Chomsky shows how the U.S. repeatedly vetoes all efforts at creating international human-rights regulations. A UN-enabling convention on the rights of the child was rejected only by the U.S. and Somalia. But the most interesting part of these speeches are when he discusses America's economic boom of the late '90s and early 2000s. "All the odes to the fairy tale economic boom quite consistently point to the stock market for proof of how great things are," he says, "and it is great for the people who own stock. One percent of households own about half the stock and most of the rest is owned by the top ten percent. But for most of the population, roughly three-quarters, this is just something to watch, not something you take part in, and you watch it while your own conditions stagnate or decline." He goes on to describe the boom from the view of the average worker. "Workers are working longer, a month longer than 25 years ago. There is less pay, working conditions are worse, and there is far less security." The second CD is about U.S. Iraq policy and it covers a lot of familiar ground. Here, Chomsky draws some conclusions that are far-out, including that the U.S. is trying to reduce the population of Iraq, which might benefit oil production in the future. He doesn't attempt to balance any of his information, but the majority of what he has to say is relevant and critical.

Noam Chomsky is an influential linguist, professor, author, and activist. Chomsky has been active in left-wing politics and he opposed the Vietnam War. He is the eighth most cited source of all time, and is considered the ''most cited living author''. Chomsky is also the author of over 150 books.


Running Time: 1:46:42


1  Old New World Order
2  Imf and Bretton Woods
3  Rule Of Finance Capital
4  Where Capital Flows
5  Nixon and Reagan
6  Fairy Tale Boom
7  Saintly Alan Greenspan
8  After Nafta
9  Rogue State
10 Universal Rights
11 Right Of Return
12 Relativism Triumphant
13 Torture Chamber
14 Haitian Refugees
15 There's No Law
16 Great Beast
17 Media Suppression
18 Threat Of Democracy
19 Socio-Political Rights
20 Right To Eat
21 Properly Educated People
22 U.S. Prisons
23 Non-Self-Executing
24 Just Attack
25 Favorite Monster
26 Hard Choice
27 Meeting in Mosul
28 Real Threat
29 Kuwait and Panama
30 Chemical War
31 Stability
32 Religious Conversion
33 Good Terror
34 Weapons of Mass Destruction
35 Carthaginian Solution
36 It's the Oil
37 Saddam as Mother Teresa
38 Sending a Message
39 War Crimes
40 Get Lost


