Hello pirates :)
a windows app to monitor your network traffic, very useful, clean, works great with windows 7
enjoy and seed this torrent, and fyi i do not claim any rights over the application, i just found it, liked it and wanted to share it.

FROM Software\\\'s website :

Why you need DU Meter:


Get a grip on your network traffic
Keep an eye on your Internet connection: see data coming in or going out

Have you ever found yourself wondering why some downloads seem to take an eternity to complete, or why your e-mail program seems to be stuck in the middle of e-mail retrieval. Is it really hanging, or maybe it\\\'s just downloading a large e-mail attachment? DU Meter provides the answer to these and other mysteries, and can also alert you of dangerous or unexpected network activity. Watching your data transfer rates can be very enlightening no matter what you do online, and you\\\'ll soon be wondering how you managed without DU Meter before.

DU Meter for parents and business managers
Receive alerts about dangerous or unexpected network activity

If you have teenage children or if you own or manage a small business, you already know how hard it is to enforce certain rules for network usage, while respecting child\\\'s or employee\\\'s privacy.

If you install DU Meter on your child\\\'s or employee\\\'s computer, you can configure it to report back to you via email when monthly or weekly network traffic exceeds a certain threshold. DU Meter will let you know if someone is breaking your rules (For example using peer-to-peer software to share films and music). Since DU Meter 5, the software can even prevent any further Internet connectivity once the alert condition has been met, without any user intervention.

Remember, you are legally responsible for what your kids are doing online. And while sharing music or videos may seem benign to them, copyright holding companies are suing peer-to-peer network users for thousands of dollars for copyright violations. DU Meter can alert you in time, so this kind of activity can be prevented.

Is your ΓΓé¼┼ôunlimitedΓΓé¼┬¥ Internet really unlimited?
Protect yourself from unexpected charges or Internet service disruption

Many Internet users believe their \\\"unlimited\\\" account lets them surf the Internet, send large email attachments and download as many movies and songs as they choose. However it is well documented by the media that many Internet Service Providers, both in the U.S. and elsewhere, do in fact set definite usage limits, even though they may advertise to the contrary. Some will take drastic measures like termination of an account without any advance warning, if these limits are exceeded. DU Meter can create detailed reports of the total network traffic volume on your computer and can alert you if certain limits are surpassed. If you have teenage children or if you own or manage a business, DU Meter can be especially useful for you to you too.





This is not my software, nor my modifications, i\\\'m just sharing it so do that as well
I LIKE I SHARE :)
enjoy it is preactivated		