Year: February 25, 2011 Genre: Adventure Developer: Revolution Software Publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment / 1C SoftKlab Publication Type: Repak Language: Russian Language: English Tablet: Not required



Description:
    Paris. Autumn. In the Palais Royal is committed brutal murder ... Going for an interview with a famous politician, a young reporter Nico had no idea what would be involved in a terrible plot.

    In the remake of the famous quest in 1996, which won numerous awards and has become a classic of the genre, along with the energetic Frenchwoman Nico Collard and brave American George Stobbarta players will investigate the mysterious and extremely dangerous business. They will visit different countries, and carefully examine the many interesting and strange places, to solve the many mysteries that have their roots in antiquity, and as a result of a conspiracy to disclose that is associated with the mystical secrets of the Order of the Knights Templar. "Broken Sword: Shadow of the Templars. Expanded Edition " is a fascinating detective story, grounded in the story of the original game, quickly won the fans love quests all over the world. Confusing plot, is rapidly developing events, interesting puzzles, unique sense of humor - the game will please fans and Broken Sword series will be an unforgettable adventure for those who are only acquainted with it.

Features:
" A new story chapter and two additional hours of play compared to the original. 
" Diverse new mini-games and puzzles with a first-person. 
" Portraits of the heroes of the authorship of Dave Gibbons - one of the founders of the famous graphic novel "Watchmen" (Watchmen). 
" The system prompts to help in difficult situations - unsolvable problems will not occur during the passage of even those who are only acquainted with the genre. 
" Improved sound system and musical accompaniment.
Features:

At the heart of a license from 1C-SoftKlab
Do not recoded
Cut all languages ​​except Russian
Installation time ~ 1 minute
RePacked by [RG Catalyst] 