Release Title: Mission: Impossible
Release Date: 22 May 1996 (USA)
Release Length: 1:50:12
Genre: Action | Adventure | Thriller
Language: English
Source: Mission.Impossible.1996.720p.BluRay.DD.x264-ESiR
Total Size: 1.98 GB (2.16 including Samples & 2-ch Audio)

imdB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117060/


Storyline: Based on the hit T.V. series. Jim Phelps was sent to Prague
for a mission to prevent the theft of classified material. His wife
Claire and his trusted partner Ethan Hunt were members of Phelps' team.
Unfortunately, something went horribly wrong and the mission failed,
leaving Ethan Hunt the lone survivor. After he reported the failed
mission, Kettridge, the head if the agency suspects Ethan of being the
culprit for the failed mission. Now, Ethan uses unorthodox methods (Which
includes the aid of an arms dealer going by the name "Max") to try to
find who set him up and to clear his name.

Cast
Tom Cruise...Ethan Hunt
Jon Voight...Jim Phelps
Emmanuelle Béart...Claire Phelps (as Emmanuelle Beart)
Henry Czerny...Eugene Kittridge
Jean Reno...Franz Krieger
Ving Rhames...Luther Stickell
Kristin Scott Thomas...Sarah Davies (as Kristin Scott-Thomas)
Vanessa Redgrave...Max
Dale Dye...Frank Barnes
Marcel Iures...Alexander Golitsyn
Ion Caramitru...Zozimov
Ingeborga Dapkunaite...Hannah Williams
Valentina Yakunina...Drunken Female IMF Agent
Marek Vasut...Drunken Male IMF Agent
Nathan Osgood...Kittridge Technician




Release Title: Mission: Impossible II
Release Date: 24 May 2000 (USA)
Release Length: 2:03:35
Genre: Action | Adventure | Thriller
Language: English
Source: Mission.Impossible.II.2000.720p.BluRay.DTS.x264-ESiR
Total Size: 2.28 GB (2.48 including Samples & 2-ch Audio)

imdB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120755/


Storyline: IMF agent Ethan Hunt has been sent on a mission to retrieve
and destroy the supply of a genetically created disease called 'Chimera'.
His mission is made impossible due to the fact that he is not the only
person after samples of the disease. He must also contest with a gang
of international terrorists headed by a turned-bad former IMF agent who
has already managed to steal the cure called 'Bellerophon' and now needs
'Chimera' to complete their grand plan of infecting the whole world. In
order to infiltrate and locate the terrorist group he relies on the
help of an international thief Nyah of whom he quickly develops a love
interest. Time is not only running out for Agent Hunt to find and
destroy 'Chimera' before the terrorists get their hands on it, but he must
also find 'Bellerophon' so as to save his love interest who has already
become infected by the disease from a terrible and rapid death.

Cast
Tom Cruise...Ethan Hunt
Dougray Scott...Sean Ambrose
Thandie Newton...Nyah Nordoff-Hall
Ving Rhames...Luther Stickell
Richard Roxburgh...Hugh Stamp
John Polson...Billy Baird
Brendan Gleeson...John C. McCloy
Rade Serbedzija...Dr. Nekhorvich (as Radé Sherbedgia)
William Mapother...Wallis
Dominic Purcell...Ulrich
Mathew Wilkinson...Michael
Nicholas Bell...Accountant
Cristina Brogers...Flamenco Dancer
Kee Chan...Chemist
Kim Fleming...Larrabee



Release Title: Mission: Impossible III
Release Date: 5 May 2006 (USA)
Release Length: 2:05:24
Genre: Action | Adventure | Thriller
Language: English
Source: Mission.Impossible.III.2006.720p.BluRay.DTS.x264-ESiR
Total Size: 2.28 GB (2.48 including Samples & 2-ch Audio)

imdB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0317919/


Storyline: Super-spy Ethan Hunt has retired from active duty to train
new IMF agents. But he is called back into action to confront the
toughest villain he's ever faced - Owen Davian, an international weapons
and information provider with no remorse and no conscience. Hunt assembles
his team: his old friend Luther Strickell, transportation expert Declan,
and background operative Zhen. They are to rescue one of his very own
trainees, Lindsey, who was kidnapped while on a surveillance detail of
Davian. It soon becomes evident that Davian is well-protected,
well-connected, and downright malicious. This forces Hunt to extend his
journey back into the field in order to rescue his wife, Julia, and
uncover IMF double agents in the process.

Cast
Tom Cruise...Ethan Hunt
Philip Seymour Hoffman...Owen Davian
Ving Rhames...Luther Stickell
Billy Crudup...John Musgrave
Michelle Monaghan...Julia
Jonathan Rhys Meyers...Declan Gormley
Keri Russell...Lindsey Farris
Maggie Q...Zhen Lei
Simon Pegg...Benji Dunn
Eddie Marsan...Brownway
Laurence Fishburne...Theodore Brassel
Bahar Soomekh...Davian's Translator
Jeff Chase...Davian's Bodyguard
Michael Berry Jr....Julia's Kidnapper
Carla Gallo...Beth


Enjoy and Seed!!