Through regressive hypnosis, a lost legend of the history of mankind has been retrieved from the recesses of time. Did the American Indians descend from the inhabitants of an alien spacecraft that crashed in the Alaska-Canada region thousands of years ago? Keepers of the Garden told the story of the original seeding of the planet Earth by aliens from outerspace. Starcrash indicates that aliens continue to come to Earth, some intentionally and some by accident, throughout our history. In order to adjust to harsh conditions, they were forced to interbreed with the local aborigines. This was the only way to ensure the survival of their race. Does their blood still flow in the veins of certain American Indian tribes? Dolores Cannon, hypnotist and psychic investigator, researches this unique case of past-life regression.

Table of Contents

1. The Discovery of the Legend
2. Calling the Spirits
3. The Village
4. The Legend of the Old Ones
5. The First People
6. When the Moon Walked a Different Path
7. The Blanket Design
8. The Hunter's Tools and the Animals
9. The Children's Stories
10. The Creation Legends
11. The Wise Man's House
12. The Life of Tuin, the Hunter
13. The Death of Tuin and the Aftermath
14. The Origin of the Old Ones
15. Survival
16. The Artifacts
17. The Magic of the Old Ones
18. Research
19. The End of the Adventure

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Dolores Cannon is a past-life regressionist and hypnotherapist who specializes in the recovery and cataloging of "Lost Knowledge". Her roots in hypnosis go back to the 1960s. She has been specializing in past-life therapy since 1979.

Dolores has become, perhaps, the world's most unlikely expert on the prophecies of Nostradamus. A retired Navy wife from Huntsville, AR, USA, Dolores was nearly fifty years old when she began experimenting with hypnosis and past-life regression. The results were, to say the least, quite spectacular!

Working through several different subjects, Dolores was able to establish communication with the living Michel De Notredame, better known as the prophet, Nostradamus. His revelations and their impact on our own time are both fascinating and at times frightening.

Dolores has written the three volume set "Conversations With Nostradamus", the series on the translation of Nostradamus' quatrains. This series contains the translation of almost 1000 prophecies, all interpreted for the first time and have been in print since 1989. It is considered the most accurate interpretation of the prophecies ever printed.

Dolores has been a UFO investigator for twenty years, using her skills as a regressionist to help people that had been involved in abduction cases. She has written several books on the UFO information volunteers have revealed while under hypnosis.

Dolores is now teaching her unique technique of hypnosis all over the world.

In addition to the three volumes of "Converstations With Nostradamus", Dolores has completed:"The Legend of Starcrash", "Keepers of the Garden", "Legacy from the Stars", "A Soul Remembers Hiroshima", "They Walked With Jesus", "Jesus and the Essenes" and "Between Death and Life". "The Custodians", discusses in detail information regarding distorted time, screen memories, reasons for abductions, implants and much, much more....

Her latest book, "The Convoluted Universe, Book One", goes further into complex metaphysical theories and covers "mind-bending" concepts.

Other books dealing with more of her most interesting hypnosis cases are forthcoming.

Dolores has been touring in the USA, England, Europe, the former Soviet countries, Australia, New Zealand, and parts of Asia to promote her works, and to discuss her particular brand of psychic research. She has spoken to radio and television audiences worldwide. She has given lectures at such locations as: Whole Life Expos in Los Angeles, New York and San Diego; Global Science Congress; various A.R.E. Edgar Cayce Foundations; Conscious Living Expo and MBS Expo in Australia; The College of Psychic Studies in London, England; The Theosophical Society in London, England; as well as many other organizations. Dolores was the first American and the first foreigner to receive the "Orpheus Award" in Bulgaria, for the highest advancement in the research of psychic phenomenom.

Articles by/about Dolores have appeared in several magazines including: "Body, Mind and Spirit"; "Magical Blend"; "Connecting Link"; "Kindred Spirit" (an England magazine); "People Magazine" (an Australian magazine); "Conscious Living Magazine" (an Australian magazine); "After Dark" (the Art Bell magazine); "The Unknown Magazine"; "The Washington Post"; and "New York Times". Also magazines and newspapers in Russia, Spain, South America, Bulgaria, Japan and Arab countries.

Dolores has appeared on various TV specials including: "A Current Affair" (in Australia); BBC Documentary Series "Divine Magic"; "Ancient Mysteries of the World" (a two hour special on CBS); "Ancient Prophecies I and Ancient Prophecies II" (two hour specials on NBC); "Encounters" ( a one hour special on FOX network); "Good Day LA" (in California); "Mysteries, Magic and Miracles" (the Sci-Fi Channel); "Marilu Talk Show" (ABC); "Biography" (series on A&E Channel); "America After Hours" (CNBC); "CNN International Entertainment News"; "The Wisdom Channel" (Correen Edwards); and "The Fox Family Channel".

Dolores is contacted regularly to appear on various shows about Nostradamus because she is considered to be the world's foremost expert on the prophecies.

Dolores has done over 1000 radio talk shows including Art Bell's "DreamLand" and Shirley MacLaine.
