All from CD and unabridged. Narrated by Bill Wallis. (32 kbps / 22 kHz Mono CBR Fraunhofer using jetAudio 6+)

 

Ruth Dudley Edwards was born and brought up in Dublin, Ireland. An historian and prize-winning biographer, she uses her knowledge of the British establishment in her satirical crime novels. They all feature the beleaguered British civil servant sleuth Robert Amiss, and are narrated by the brilliant Bill Wallis. She has three times been short-listed for awards from the Crime Writers' Association.
* I posted these fun satirical mysteries individually back in 2008 - by request, here they are all together. 

#1. Corridors of Death [1981] 6 hours 30 mins
Battered to death with a piece of abstract sculpture titled 'Reconciliation,' Whitehall departmental head Sir Nicholas Clark is claimed by his colleagues to have been a fine and respected public servant cut off in his prime. Bewildered by the labyrinthine bureaucracy of Whitehall, Scotland Yard's Superintendent Jim Milton recognizes a potential ally in Clark's young Private Secretary, Robert Amiss. Milton soon learns from Amiss how Whitehall works: that it can be Machiavellian and potentially homicidal, that Sir Nicholas was obnoxious and widely loathed, that he had spent the weeks before his murder upsetting and antagonizing family and associates, and that his last morning on earth had been spent gleefully observing the success of his plan to embarrass his minister and his department publicly....

#2. The St Valentines Day Murders [1984] 6 hours 35 mins
In this, the second in the series, Robert Amiss is still a civil servant, now on detachment to a pointless bureaucratic body. The good news is that to counterbalance the misery at work, he has acquired a girlfriend, Rachel. The unpleasant atmosphere at the office, where all his colleagues are bitter losers, is worsened by a string of unpleasant practical jokes at a training weekend. A few weeks later, on Valentine's Day, the spouses of all the staff receive chocolates laced with strychnine, discovered too late to save some of the victims. Jim Milton is called in to investigate, and once again calls on Robert to assist him. 

#3. The English School of Murder [1990] 7 hours 2 mins 
Robert is in a mess, and he faces the indignity of life on the dole. When he is asked to help the CID he is in no position to refuse. There are stange things happening at the Knightsbridge School of English. Robert agrees to be the school mole.

#4. Clubbed to Death [1992] 6 hours 42 mins 
The British fondness for tradition is no secret, but some members of London's ffeatherstonehaugh's club (pronounced "Fanshaw," naturally) seem to be taking things a bit too far, bumping off officers of the club who threaten their ordered, if highly eccentric, way of life. After the club secretary allegedly jumps to his death from the club's gallery, Robert Amiss, conveniently unemployed at the moment, agrees to help his friends at the Police Department get to the bottom of things. Hiring on as a club waiter, Amiss finds himself caught up in a bizarre caricature of a club, run by and for debauched geriatrics, with skeletons rattling in every closet. 

#5. Matricide at St. Martha's [1994] 6 hours 50 mins, (48 kbps / 44 kHz Mono CBR).
St. Martha's College, Cambridge, had been staggering along on a shoestring for decades. Then alumna Alice Toon leaves her old school a huge fortune. The dons immediately fall to fighting over the spoils. The Virgins, led by Dame Maid Theodosia Buckbarrow, believe the bequests should be spent on scholarships. The Dykes–fewer in number but better street fighters–want to raise a center for Gender and Ethnic Studies. The Old Women (mostly men) dream of fine vintages to be laid down in a decent new wine cellar. Impasse! They've reckoned without the Bursar, Jack Troutbeck. She elects to inflitrate this maelstrom of politics with her own agent, Robert Amiss, a former civil servant with a talent for sorting things out. No sooner does he arrive on the scene where the Virgins are getting the upper hand than Dame Maud is murdered! [ My favorite of the series ]

#6. Ten Lords A-Leaping [1995] 7 hours 2 mins 
The sixth Robert Amiss mystery is a wonderful romp set largely among the Lords of Parliament, either in their chambers or on their estates. The redoubtable Ida "Jack" Troutbeck, Mistress of St. Mary's College, Cambridge (seen in Matricide at St. Martha's), about to be elevated to the House of Lords, imperiously enlists the bookish Amiss to assist her in her latest campaign, namely to defend the ancient British tradition of fox-hunting from an all-out assault by various animal-rights activists. Amiss is swept along in her wake as the war of words and wits turns to a murderous assault in the House of Lords that leaves several members dead and others shaken. Edwards ably skewers fox-hunters and anti-fox hunters alike, as well as a slew of other targets in this farcical and appealing mystery.

#7. Murder in a Cathedral [1996] 7 hours 8 mins, (48 kbps / 44 kHz Mono CBR).
For many years Westonbury Cathedral has been dominated by a clique of High-Church gays, so when Norm Cooper, an austere, intolerant, happy-clappy evangelist is appointed dean, there is shock, outrage and fear. When a corpse is discovered, the question is, is it suicide or murder? Robert Amiss and the Baroness find themselves investigating radical gay priests, feminist witches, and evil cult members, who all had much to gain from Norm Cooper's demise. 

#8. Publish and be Murdered [1997] 7 hours 3 mins 
She's filleted the Foreign Office, clobbered the Cambridge colleges, jeered at the gentlemen's clubs, burlesqued the bishops -- now Ruth Dudley Edwards pillories the publishing world. Living with Rachel and contemplating marriage, Robert Amiss feels settled at last. He even has a proper job, managing The Wrangler -- a right-wing, 200-year-old English magazine. Life should be sweet, but the atmosphere at the paper is poisoned by rampant egocentricity and savage ideological battles. Things are so bad that not even the appointment of Baroness Troutbeck as a columnist seems likely to bring much cheer. When the drunken deputy editor is found drowned in a bowl of punch, suspicions of foul play are brushed aside by the police. But after another death, Chief Superintendent Jim Milton takes charge of the investigation, spurred on by relentless chivvying from the baroness.

#9. The Anglo-Irish Murders [2000] 7 hours 2 mins 
Foolishly, the British and Irish governments have chosen the tactless and impatient Baroness Troutbeck to chair a conference on Anglo-Irish cultural sensitivities. She instantly press-gangs Robert Amiss, her young friend and reluctant accomplice, into becoming conference organizer. Not only are a truculent Orangeman, intransigent republicans, imitative loyalists, appeasing English and hypocritical Irish among the nightmarish participants whose arrival Amiss views with dread, but driving rain and security problems make things even worse. It is a conference to remember in more ways than one, for when a delegate plummets off the battlements, no one, not even the authorities, can decide whether it was by accident or design, and the warring factions accuse each other of murder.

#10. Carnage on the Committee [2004] 7 hours 6 mins 
When the chairperson of the prestigious Knapper-Warburton Literary Prize dies in suspicious circumstances, Robert Amiss (the token sane member of the judging panel) wastes no time in summoning Baroness 'Jack' Troutbeck to step into the breach. Speculation that a killer may be targeting the judges worries the baroness not in the slightest - it's the prospect of immersing herself in modern literature that fills her with dread. But noblesse must oblige, even when it means joining the ranks of the superciliati sitting in judgement of the literati. With the baroness at the helm, the judges resume the task of whittling away at the short-list. But the killer, too, has resumed and is whittling away at the judges one by one!

#11. Murdering Americans [2007] 8 hours 9 mins 
Baroness 'Jack' Troutbeck leaves the UK and her beloved St. Martha's College to take up a visiting fellowship at an American University, in Freeman, Indiana. She is very much on her own, as Robert Amiss has married his long-term girlfriend, and others who have helped out in the past are for one reason or otherunavailable, so she is accompanied only by her parrot, Horace. She soon finds herself astonished at the anti-intellectualism and political correctness of the university faculty, and it isn't long before a group of dissident students make contact. It soon becomes clear that what is afoot isn't just naive and misplaced worthiness, but something more sinister altogether. Eventually Amiss is pulled from his honeymoon to assist in blowing apart the "villains", their crimes and conspiracies (not necessarily the same thing). 


Enjoy and Seed!!