Harry Brown 

Theatrical release poster 
Directed by Daniel Barber 
Produced by Matthew Vaughn
Kris Thykier
Matthew Brown
Keith Bell 
Written by Gary Young 
Starring Michael Caine
Emily Mortimer
Ben Drew
Charlie Creed-Miles
David Bradley
Jack O\'Connell
and Liam Cunningham 
Music by Martin Phipps
Ruth Barrett
Pete Tong
Paul Rogers 
Cinematography Martin Ruhe 
Editing by Joe Walker 
Studio Marv Partners
UK Film Council
HanWay Films
Prescience
Framestore Features 
Distributed by United Kingdom
Lionsgate
United States
Samuel Goldwyn Films
Destination Films 
Release date(s) United Kingdom
November 11, 2009
United States
April 30, 2010
(limited)
Australia
May 25, 2010 
Running time 103 minutes 
Country United Kingdom 
Language English 
Budget $7.3 million 
Gross revenue $10,309,370 

Harry Brown is a 2009 British action drama film directed by Daniel Barber and starring Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer, Jack O\'Connell, and Liam Cunningham.

The film also features actor and artist Ben Drew (Plan B) who, with Chase & Status, is also responsible for the film\'s theme music track \"End Credits.\"[1][2] Harry Brown had its World Premiere as a \"Special Presentation\" at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival[3] and was released theatrically in the United Kingdom by Lionsgate on 11 November, 2009; the film was released in the United States by Samuel Goldwyn Films on 30 April, 2010.

The story follows Harry Brown, a widowed Northern Ireland veteran living on an Elephant and Castle housing estate that is rapidly descending into youth crime. Harry fights fire with fire after a friend is murdered.

Contents [hide]
1 Plot
2 Cast
3 Reception
4 Box office
5 Location
6 References
7 External links
 
[edit] PlotShot with a mobile phone camera, the film opens with a gang initiation, where a boy, later identified as Marky, living on a council estate in South London is made to take drugs and hold a pistol. As the scene cuts, the gang begins to \"jump\" him into the gang by beating him. Two teenage boys are then seen joyriding on a motorbike, harassing and shooting and killing a mother walking her child, and then fleeing only to be killed by an oncoming truck.

The eponymous Harry Brown (Michael Caine), an elderly former Royal Marine and Northern Ireland veteran, tries to be indifferent about his violent neighbourhood. He often pays visits to his hospitalized and comatose wife, and spends his days drinking and playing chess with his best friend, Leonard (David Bradley), at a pub run by Sid (Liam Cunningham) who takes kickbacks from a pair of black marketeers, Kenny (Joseph Gilgun) and Stretch (Sean Harris). Harry is informed in the night that his wife is dying, but in order to reach the hospital before she passes away he must go through a noisy public underpass, which is a gathering spot at all hours for a local gang; he is too scared to do so and arrives too late. After the funeral, Leonard confides in Harry that he is being bullied by some youths and shows Harry an old bayonet he now carries to defend himself, citing that the police would not help him. Leonard later wakes in his flat to find someone had pushed burning dog faeces through his mail slot.

The next day, Harry is visited by detectives Frampton (Emily Mortimer) and Hicock (Charlie Creed-Miles), who tell him that Leonard had been murdered. Members of a local gang, including Noel Winters (Ben Drew), are arrested, but refuse to answer questions and are released. Harry gets drunk after Leonard\'s funeral, and while walking home, one of Noel\'s gang attempt to rob him with a knife; Harry\'s military training suddenly reasserts itself and he turns the knife on his attacker, killing him. Frampton visits Harry again the following morning and informs him that because Leonard was killed with his own bayonet, any charges laid could be reduced to manslaughter on the basis of self-defence.

Harry decides to take matters into his own hands; he follows Kenny from Sid\'s pub to a squalid den and manages to talk himself into a pistol deal. Inside, the drugged-up dealers are growing copious amounts of cannabis and making pornography, and have one of the girls abused in these videos on their sofa, suffering from a drug overdose. Harry suggests that Stretch call an ambulance for her, to which Stretch threatens Harry. Harry kills both Stretch and Kenny. He then steals a bag containing handguns and money, burns down the den, and drives the girl to a hospital, leaving her with £1,000. Harry\'s surveillance of Noel\'s gang leads Harry to kill a major drug-trafficker and to kidnap newest member Marky (Jack O\'Connell), whom he tortures into revealing some cellphone camera footage of Leonard\'s murder, proving the gang\'s involvement. Harry uses Marky to bait Noel and another gang member into a gunfight, which ends with Noel escaping, Marky and the other member dead, and Harry having an emphysema attack, leaving him to be taken to hospital.

Certain that the recent violence is related to a gang war, Police Superintendent Childs (Iain Glen) orders a major arrest operation, unconvinced that Harry is the vigilante as Frampton had determined. The late-night raids on the neighbourhood result in a massive riot. Harry later awakens and escapes from the hospital, and Frampton convinces Hicock to help her stop him, but the two end up badly injured in a car crash. Harry rescues them and takes them to Sid\'s pub, where Frampton tells Harry that Sid is actually Noel\'s uncle. Harry also discovers that Sid had been hiding Noel, but his guard drops due to his emphysema, allowing Sid to take advantage, revealing that Sid is equally psychotic and corrupt just like his nephew. Frampton is in the midst of calling for backup when Noel stops her, helping his uncle\'s plan to kill the three and dump them outside as riot victims. Sid suffocates Hicock to death while Noel begins strangling Frampton. Harry then kills Noel with a hidden revolver just as Sid wounds Harry with his own gun, but before Sid can finish him, Frampton\'s backup arrives and he is gunned down.

At a conference held after the riot, Childs states that Frampton and the late Hicock will be given awards for their work and sacrifice, but denies any vigilante involvement in the entire case. The final scene is of a recovered Harry walking toward the underpass, which is now quiet and safe
