After the more R&B flavored 'Cosmic Slop', Funkadelic came back hard with 'Standing On The Verge...'. The heavy metal flavor of this LP was more in the vein of the 'Maggot Brain' LP. After a weird, speeded up, then slowed down, version of the 'America Eats It's Young' monologue (interrupted by a Bernie Worrell prank, which leads George to call him a "gross motherf***er", all in chipmunk voices), the festivities open with a rockin' version of Parliament's 'Red Hot Mama', although Parliament's original version was a bit heavier than this one. There's a nice inclusion of the 'I'll Bet You' guitar line in this one. Things go a little further off the chain with 'Alice In My Fantasies'. Excellent guitar work on this one. George's lyrics about a crazy sexual encounter with a wild freak are hilarious. He even brings back the old 'Mommy What's A Funkadelic' lyric: "Suck my soul, and I'll lick your emotions...". Next up is 'I'll Stay', a mellow, soothing reworking of The Parliaments' 1969 B-side single 'I'll Wait'.  'Sexy Ways' is a nice, upbeat R&B tune, giving us a glimpse at what was to come with the 'Let's Take It To The Stage' LP. The title cut, with it's weird, chipmunk intro of "Be my dog, and I'll be your tree, and you can pee on me..." is a Funkadelic classic. The song aptly explains what Funkadelic is all about. The next song, 'Jimmy's Got A Little Bit Of Bitch In Him', is hilarious as George monologues about an aquaintance who obviously has a little too much sugar in his tank. This song is a lot like 'No Compute', sleazy lyrics over a good ol' fashion blues rhythm. The final song, 'Good Thoughts, Bad Thoughts', is a masterpiece.  The tune itself is in the same vein as 'Maggot Brain': a beautiful, haunting guitar solo, which fades and then returns with a profoundly deep George Clinton monologue that touches on the themes of 'Free Your Mind And Your Ass Will Follow'. This classic album would be the last of the old-style Funkadelic LP's (long guitar driven songs, slowed down vocal monologues), as the group would change gears with their next LP, 'Let's Take It To The Stage', and give us yet another classic LP on a whole different level. 'Standing On The Verge...' is a tribute to the genius of both George Clinton and Eddie Hazel. 
 
Format is in .flac so you get every sound and it is easy to burn to CD. The original artwork is included.

Mp3 is dead! Long live Flac!!!
