Applications : Windows : English
 

MAGIX is famous for producing powerful music creation software that can be used by beginners and advanced musicians, and even non-musicians, alike. Anyone who has used previous versions of Music Maker will be aware of how the program works. Rather than requiring you to start completely from scratch when it comes to music creation, you are instead provided with a series of building blocks that can be pieced together to create music of any style.

If you want to get creative, but simply don’t know where to start, or don’t have access to instruments of your own, there are more than 1,500 loops and samples to choose from in the app - if this isn't enough, head to the online sound archive where you'll find an additional 2,000 sounds. The program also includes Lead Synth that can be used to create melodies, but the effects and filter can also be used to create all manner of interesting sounds. There's also a drum machine on hand to help you create the perfect backbeat, while the Loop Designer enable you to create your own loops rather than relying on premade samples.

You are not limited to working with sounds that are included with the program or have been created by other people and made available online. MAGIX Music Maker also gives you the option of working with real instruments, or plugging in a microphone to record vocal tracks. Used a recording studio in this way, you can turn to MAGIX Music Maker to record and use samples played on your own instruments, or you can record entire instrumental tracks and them add special effects and other samples.

The latest generation of music creation software from MAGIX includes a cloud component that can be used to make your music creations available online. You can store projects in secure online space so you can access and edit them from any computer with an internet connection, and you also have the option of sharing creations online through the likes of YouTube and Facebook. The new range of MX (or Media-X-change) title also makes it easier to share data between applications - create a piece of music in Music Maker MX and it can be shared to other MAGIX apps.

This Premium edition of Music Maker MX (v18) includes more than 2,000 additional sounds and loops as well as impressively realistic guitar sounds and an electric bass instrument. While the standard version of the software allows for up to 64 tracks in a project, the Premium edition allows for up to 96. There are also a number of additional features including an analog compressor and synthesiser, a copy of Music Editor 3 that can be used to edit samples, and the ability to mix your tracks in 5.1 surround sound.


Enjoy and Seed!!