 http://bayimg.com/HAikeAAdl

Resurrection (1980) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081414/

FULL SCREEN VHS TRANSFER RIPPED TO MP4 FORMAT

Resurrection is a 1980 film which tells the story of a woman who survives the car accident which kills her husband, but discovers that she has the power to heal other people. It stars Ellen Burstyn, Sam Shepard, Richard Farnsworth, Roberts Blossom and Eva LeGallienne.

 Ellen Burstyn ...  Edna Mae McCauley 
 Sam Shepard ...  Cal Carpenter 
 Richard Farnsworth ...  Esco Brown 
 Roberts Blossom ...  John Harper 
 Clifford David ...  George 
 Pamela Payton-Wright ...  Margaret 
 Jeffrey DeMunn ...  Joe McCauley 
 Eva Le Gallienne ...  Grandma Pearl 
 Lois Smith ...  Kathy 
 Madeleine Sherwood ...  Ruth (as Madeleine Thornton-Sherwood) 
 Richard Hamilton ...  Earl Carpenter 
 Carlin Glynn ...  Suzy Kroll 
 Lane Smith ...  Don 
 Penelope Allen ...  Ellie 
 Ebbe Roe Smith ...  Hank Peterson 


The movie was written by Lewis John Carlino and directed by Daniel Petrie.

One of the hidden themes of Resurrection is that stardom can change the entourage to a greater extent than the principal herself. Grandma and Grandpa are pretty much the same, respectively understanding and taciturn, but the boyfriend changes completely, and the townsfolk soon regard Burstyn as a novel form of entertainment. Can she heal this person? What's next? 

Burstyn's changes are at first physical: she can walk, at first with a cane, then without. She also develops a knack for public speaking, which seems expected of her since miracles and ministry are intermingled in the minds of the conservative, religious farm families. But her gentle and informal pronoucements are insufficiently zealous to please the fundamentalists, which eventually force her to flee the curious, the demented, and the scientists by living undercover at a gas station in the middle of nowhere.

It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actress in a Leading Role (Ellen Burstyn) and Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Eva LeGallienne).

Academy Awards, USA 
 
1981  Nominated Oscar Best Actress in a Leading Role Ellen Burstyn 
1981  Nominated Oscar Best Actress in a Supporting Role Eva Le Gallienne 
 
Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films, USA 

1981  Nominated Saturn Award Best Actress Ellen Burstyn 
1981  Nominated Saturn Award Best Music Maurice Jarre 
1981  Nominated Saturn Award Best Supporting Actress Eva Le Gallienne 
1981  Nominated Saturn Award Best Writing Lewis John Carlino  

Avoriaz Fantastic Film Festival 
 
1981  Won Special Jury Award Daniel Petrie 
 
Golden Globes, USA 
 
1981  Nominated Golden Globe Best Motion Picture Actress - Drama Ellen Burstyn  

National Board of Review, USA 
 
1980  Won NBR Award Best Supporting Actress Eva Le Gallienne  
