                       Prince of Persia The Sands of Time
                                 
                               PLATFORM: PC
                                     
                        RELEASE DATE: September 2003

                              RATINGS: Teen
                              
                              GENRE: Action

                            DEVELOPER: UBISOFT


Amidst the scorched sands of ancient Persia, there is a legend spun in an ancient tongue. It speaks of a time borne by blood and ruled by deceit. Drawn to the dark powers of a magic dagger, a young Prince is led to unleash a deadly evil upon a beautiful kingdom. Aided by the wiles of a seductive princess and the absolute powers of the Sands of Time, the Prince stages a harrowing quest to reclaim the Palace's cursed chambers and restore peace to his land.

Game Features
A technological masterpiece: Witness some of the most advanced programming in gaming history, pushing the limitations of consoles and raising the standards of games in all areas of production: physics, lighting, graphics, animations, and more!
An unmatched hero: Wielding powers of mythic proportions, the Prince returns to action-adventure gaming with gravity-defying acrobatics, ferocious fighting skills, and the ability to bend time to fulfill his destiny.
The Sands of Time: Ubisoft's Montreal Studio presents the Sands of Time - a technological breakthrough that will change the face of action-adventure gaming forever. Erase the past, behold the future, and freeze the present in real-time for unlimited gameplay variations.
Exotic worlds and vast kingdoms: Uncover the mysteries of a world never before explored in action-adventure gaming. Medieval Persia, mythical and deadly, holds a staggering array of landscapes and kingdoms to explore and conquer.
A sweeping adventure of betrayal and triumph: The epic legends and deadly creatures of mythic Persia burn to life in this suspense-filled tale, featuring more twists and turns than the labyrinthine Palace itself.


System Requirements
Operating System: Windows® 98 SE/ 2000/ ME/ XP (ONLY)
Processor: 800 MHz Pentium® III or AMD Athlon™
Memory: 256 MB of RAM
Video Card: 64 MB GeForce™ 3 or higher, or ATI® Radeon™ 8500 or higher, Matrox Parhelia™. (GeForce4 MX not supported)
Sound Card: DirectX® 9.0 or higher compliant sound card
DirectX Version: 9.0 or higher (included on game disc)
Hard Drive Space: 1.5 GB minimum
CD-ROM: 16X or better (not recommended for use with CD-RWs)
Additional Supported Peripherals: ThrustMaster FIRESTORM Dual Analog 3
Controls: Windows-compatible keyboard and mouse

                              
                                 
                                
                       
                              