
Author(s): L. F. Chen
Publisher: Wiley
Date: 2004
Format: pdf
Language: English
ISBN10: 0470844922
Pages: 552
OCR: Y

This topic is the subject of intense research and development since microwave materials form the hardware components of the present wireless telecommunications revolution. Featuring current technology developments, this book examines every aspect of




microwave material properties, measurement techniques, circuit design and application. A concise introduction to microwave theory is provided, along with an outline of the methods used to characterise microwave material properties. The authorsthen go on to cover both established and emerging techniques in microwave measurement in detail. Practical examples of the use of microwave materials across a range of fields, including high-speed electronics, bio-engineering, defence systems andremote sensing, are presented along with guidance on the application of microwave theory and the appropriate measurement techniques. The final chapters look ahead to the future application requirements from microwave materials and challengesin the characterisation of materials microwave properties. The authors are highly experienced in this field and combine many years of industrial and academic experience. Provides a comprehensive introduction to microwave theoryand microwave measurement techniques Presents materials property characterisation methods along with a discussion of the underlying theory Provides guidance on the development of suitable measurement methodologies tailored for avariety of materials and application requirements Brings together in one publication, coverage of a broad range of measurement methodologies, for the first time Covers the principles and methods for development of smart materialsand smart structures Outlines the importance of microwave absorbers in the reduction in noise levels in microwave circuits and their importance within defence industry applications Relates each measurement technique to itsapplication across the fields of microwave engineering, high-speed electronics, remote sensing, bio-engineering and the physical sciences A valuable addition to the bookshelf of all practising engineers and technicians working inthe areas of RF, microwaves, communications, solid-state devices and radar.   The authoritative approach also makes this ideal for senior students and researchers in RF and microwave engineering and microelectronics and material scientists.