mp3   320kbps


Genre: blues
Styles: delta
Released: 1994
Label: Rooster Blues Records


When I go to Hell if I'm allowed only
one blues album to accompany me...then
this would be the one...
   I really could spend an Eternity (personnified)
listening to this...


01 - Elvira
02 - All Around Man
03 - If I Had Possession Over Judgement Day (solo)
04 - Real Rock Music - Crawlin' Kingsnake
05 - My Babe
06 - 55 Blues
07 - Bring It On Home
08 - This Is The Blues
09 - The Ghetto
10 - See See Rider
11 - My Sunny
12 - Water In My Gas Tank
13 - Louisiana Blues
14 - Lonesome Blues
15 - Sweet Home Chicago
16 - Don't You Do That No More
17 - If I Had Possession Over Judgement Day (band)
18 - All Around Man (Reprise)
19 - Drinkin' Antiseptic

Personnel:

Lonnie Pitchford
Terry Williams
Nathaniel Mitchell
Norman Clark
"Bones" Johnson

Notes:

Here was a man that had all of the right qualities to entice you into his deep delta soul. With a voice and guitar style that reflected his influences, Robert Johnson and Elmore James, Lonnie Pitchford was true to his roots and proud of them. So many of his songs remind you of R.J. and Elmore James that you can tell that he held a deep respect for his heritage and yet of course Lonnie had his own style too. Dedicated to the blues that got him where he was, he made quite a powerful statement in his own compositions while covering only the best of the older songs.
There is one previously unreleased recording here that according to Lonnie's friend and producer Jim O'Neal, Lonnie's mother-in-law had given him from Elmore James, one of her old friends.

Lonnie Pitchford sung and played acoustic & electric guitars, his own invention called the "diddley bow", piano, bass and claves and Terry Williams is on bass and Norman Clark, drums. Producers Lonnie Pitchford, Patty Johnson and Jim O'Neal turned out what was to be Lonnie's only full length CD and an excellent release of music from a superb performer. Lonnie, who passed away 11/8/98 at the age of 43 also wrote the liner notes to this release.

