HANK BALLARD AND THE MIDNIGHTERS
DANCIN AND TWISTIN
Label: Ace
CD Released :2000
Format:Flac

The Midnighters were initially known as the Royales, a doo-wop group formed at Detroit's Dunbar High School in 1951; when they entered a talent show at the local Paradise Theater, bandleader and talent scout Johnny Otis (later of "Willie and the Hand Jive" fame) was impressed enough to sign them to the Federal label. Their first single, "Every Beat Of My Heart," was written by Otis for another Paradise discovery, Jackie Wilson, but the Royals' version, inspired by the smooth sound of Sonny Til and the Orioles, went nowhere. To make matters worse, original member Lawson Smith was about to depart for the Army.
His replacement was Hank Ballard, who'd run away from his Alabama home to return to his birthplace, a singer who'd also played the Paradise but couldn't get signed in an era of groups. Throwing in with the Royals, he urged them in a earthier direction with an original he'd written, "Get It." Ralph Bass of Federal suggested their next hit feature the phrase "work with me," and "Work With Me Annie" was born. It would become the first R&B; hit to cross over to white teens. In fact, the song was so popular it caused the band to become the Midnighters overnight so as to avoid confusion with doo-woppers the 5 Royales.
After several "Annie" followups, the Midnighters hit next, ironically, with the ballad "Teardrops On Your Letter." But it was the flip side that really got DJ Dick Clark's attention: when he submitted "The Twist" to friend Chubby Checker to record, the result kicked off a national dance craze feeding frenzy. The hits stopped coming by the mid-Sixties, but Ballard continued working, thanks largely to fan James Brown; in the years before his death, he was known to take new versions of the Midnighters out on the road to enthusiastic audiences. Ballard died of throat cancer in 2003. 

Tracklist:

1 — Twist — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
2 — Rock & Roll Wedding — The Midnighters
3 — Henry's Got Flat Feet (Can't Dance No More) — The Midnighters
4 — E Basta Cosi — The Midnighters
5 — Rock, Granny, Roll — The Midnighters
6 — Coffee Grind — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
7 — Finger Poppin' Time — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
8 — Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
9 — Hoochie Coochie Coo — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
10 — Continental Walk — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
11 — Let's Go Again (Where We Went Last Night) — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
12 — Float — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
13 — Switch-A-Roo — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
14 — Keep on Dancing — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
15 — It's Twistin' Time — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
16 — Good Twistin' Tonight — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
17 — Do You Know How to Twist — Hank Ballard & the Midnighters
18 — That Low Down Move — Hank Ballard
19 — (I'm Going Back to) The House on the Hill — Hank Ballard
20 — Poppin' the Whip — Hank Ballard
21 — Sloop and Slide — Hank Ballard
22 — Dance Till It Hurtcha — Hank Ballard
23 — Funny Soul Train — Hank Ballard
24 — Butter Your— Hank Ballard
