Energy Grids & Internet Censorship

Date: 02-17-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: Hugh Newman, Lauren Weinstein, Richard C. Hoagland

Author, explorer, and 'megalithomaniac' Hugh Newman discussed his work on earth grids and ancient sites, and new discoveries that reveal subtle energies emanating from megaliths such as the pyramids of Giza, Stonehenge and Cusco. He has studied a great earth energy current that runs across Southern England called the Michael & Mary Energy Line. "Somehow the ancients could have been harnessing this global earth energy on a grand scale," utilizing stone circles, mounds, and earthworks all over the planet, he said. There was a major civilization pre-history that used these invisible earth grids, he added.

Newman noted that crop circles or formations actually began several hundred years ago, and could be coming from the Earth itself. Sites might have been encoded with messages from thousands of years ago that are now being released by the megaliths, through the energy lines, and into the crop fields themselves, he theorized. A New Zealand pilot, Bruce Cathie, was convinced that scientists do know all about the energy grids, but are withholding the information from the public, Newman reported.

The site at Giza, Egypt appears to be central to the earth grids from a geodetic perspective, and most of the sites around the planet align to Giza, Newman stated. Being near earth energies or ley lines can have a positive or negative effect on a person, depending on what is happening on the line-- different energy signatures can be traveling on the ley line, he explained. Richard C. Hoagland joined the conversation during the third hour, relating torsion fields to the idea of earth grids or lines.

Internet Censorship:
First hour guest, technology privacy expert Lauren Weinstein reported on threats to free speech on the Internet. The U.S. recently "accidentally" closed down some 84,000 sites that were wrongly accused of child pornography. There was no due process in this incident, he noted. He also expressed concern over the COICA Internet Censorship bill making its way through the Senate, which is trying to criminalize some types of web content.

News segment guests: Mitch Battros, George Eby

Websites:
avalonrising.co.uk
megalithomania.co.uk
vortex.com

Book:
Earth Grids