 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0458352 Raiting = 6,8/10

Description
A scathing comedy satire of fashionistas and cut-throat corporate excess boasting a grandstanding central turn by Meryl Streep as the ultimate boss from Hell, The Devil Wears Prada is based on the novel by Lauren Weisberger who once worked as an assistant to real-life Vogue editor Anna Wintour.

In the dizzying world of New York fashion, where size zero is the new 2, six is the new 8, and a bad hair day can end a career, Runaway magazine is the Holy Grail. Overseen with a finely manicured fist by Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep) - the most powerful woman in fashion - Runway is a fearsome gauntlet for anyone who wants to make it in the industry. To make Runway the fashion bible of New York and therefore the world, Miranda has let nothing stand in her way - including a long line of assistants that didn't make the cut. It's a job no self-respecting person can survive, yet it's an opportunity a million young women in New York would kill for. 

A stint as Miranda's assistant could blast-open the doors for recent college graduate Andy Sachs (Anne Hathaway). More college drab than haute couture, she stands alone among the small army of 'Clackers' on staff at Runway - superslim fashion divas clacking their stilettos down the halls of the magazine's Manhattan headquarters. But when Andy comes in for the job, it dawns on her that making it in this industry will take more than drive and determination. And her ultimate test stands before her in head-to-toe Prada. Miranda can spin the fashion world like a basketball but has a devil of a time finding and keeping a good assistant. Andy is completely wrong for the job. But she has something the rest of them don't: she refuses to fail.

To become the perfect assistant, Andy will need to make herself over in Miranda's image. Soon, much to her boyfriend's dismay, she can talk the talk, walk the walk and never again confuse Dolce with Gabbana. But the more of life she sees through Miranda's eyes, the more she begins to grasp that Miranda's world is a fabulous but lonely one - and that sometimes great success depends on great sacrifice. But at what cost?

Special Features
Audio commentary with director David Frankel, producer Wendy Finerman, costume designer Patricia Field, screenwriter Aline Brosh-McKenna, editor Mark Livolsi and director of photography Florian Ballhaus 
Deleted scenes 
'The Trip To The Big Screen' featurette 
'Fashion Visionary: Patricia Field' featurette 
'Getting Valentino' featurette 
'Boss From Hell' featurette 
'NYC & Fashion' featurette 
'International Fashion Editor' featurette 
Gag reel 
Theatrical trailer

Technical Details
Actors Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, Emily Blunt, Stanley Tucci, Adrian Grenier, Tracie Thoms, Rich Sommer, Simon Baker, Daniel Sunjata, Jimena Hoyos, Rebecca Mader, Tibor Feldman, Stephanie Szostak & David Marshall Grant
Director David Frankel
Certificate 12 years and over
Year 2006
Screen Widescreen 2.35:1 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1) 
Subtitles Nordic + Icelandic Hungarian English 
Duration 1 hour and 49 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Devil Wears Prada, The [2006 PAL DVDR][En Subs[Nordic+Is.En.Hu]

Djävulen bär Prada är filmatiseringen av Lauren Weisbergers storsäljare med samma namn och huvudrollen spelas av Meryl Streep. 

Andrea Sachs (Anne Hathaway) är en småstadstjej som kommer till New York med en dröm om att jobba i tidningsbranschen. Hon tror hon äntligen är på rätt väg när hon lyckas få det eftertraktade jobbet som assistent till Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep), chefredaktör på en av världens ledande modetidningar. Men Miranda visar sig vara chefen från helvetet och Andrea måste snart bestämma sig om hon är villig att sälja sin själ till djävulen för att nå sina drömmar...

Speltid 110 min
Färg/svartvit Färg
TV-system PAL

Textning Danska Engelska Finska Isländska Norska Svenska Ungerska 
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
 
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk)
Extra material
» Kommentatorspår
» Featurette: The trip to the big screen
» Featurette: NYC and fashion
» Featurette: Fasion visionary Patricia Field
» Featurette: Getting Valentino
» Featurette: Boss from Hell
» Featurette: Danda Santini: Real life editor in chief
» Borttagna scener
Lokal titel Djävulen bär Prada
Orginal titel The Devil Wears Prada
Genre Drama
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 2006
Regi David Frankel
Manus Aline Brosh McKenna Lauren Weisberger 
Skådespelare Meryl Streep Anne Hathaway Emily Blunt Stanley Tucci Adrian Grenier Tracie Thoms Rich Sommer Simon Baker Daniel Sunjata 
Biorelease 2006-10-20
