Styles: Electric Chicago Blues, Harmonica Blues
Recorded: 1999
Released: 2000
Label: Electro-Fi
File: mp3 @ 320kbps
Size: 132 MB
Time: 57:28
Art: Full Covers

1. Dirty Rat - 4:52 
2. Ruby Mae - 4:56 
3. Early In The Morning - 4:31 
4. Big Leg Woman - 7:34 
5. Snooky And Mel Boogie - 1:41 
6. Rock This House - 4:06 
7. Let Your Hair Down, Woman - 5:23 
8. So Fine - 3:15 
9. That's All Right - 6:51 
10. Do The Boogaloo - 5:09 
11. Ease My Mind - 5:29 
12. Work Til My Days Are Gone - 3:34

Personnel: Snooky PRYOR - Harmonica, Vocals
Mel Brown - Guitars, Vocal
John Lee, Michael Fonfara - Piano
Al Richardson - Bass, Jim Boudreau - Drums


'Double Shot' is true to its title. Excellent album for blues lovers. The magic between these two artists comes together consistently in a traditonal style of blues. Snooky Prior provides excellent vocals and harmonica playing while the modest Mel Brown shows his magic on the guitar while not getting enough credit for his vocal skills as well.
'...Oh my my... can you boogie? Can you fly? Well, if you can, want to learn, or just have a hankering to, then have I got an album for you to embrace with both ears! Double Shot (Electro-Fi) is the name of this very tasty blend of blues stew from two fellas that know a thing or two about cooking up great music together. These two guys are no strangers to one another, having played umpteen gigs together at Antone's in the 80s. Teaming up once again, only this time for recorded posterity, are harp ace Snooky Pryor and guitarist supreme Mel Brown for a recording that has 'BRILLIANT' written all over it. Now there are those that will say that the duo format has been mined to death over the years, but one listen to this impeccable recording will change even the most hard-core of cynics minds on that argument. Big Mama Thornton's 'Dirty Rat' has Snooky delivering the goods on harp as only Snooky can with Brown adding his stinging guitar licks to the album's take charge opening number. 'Early In The Morning' finds both guys pouring their hearts and souls into what is easily the album's most energetic piece, highlighted with blazing solos from both. Pryor proclaims at the end that 'I can rock all night if you want me to!'- a pretty energetic attitude from a guy pushing 80, I would say. On the slightly mellower side of things, 'Big Leg Woman' is a slow grinding groove allowing the band to stretch out a bit with very notable solos from Mel and from Michael Fonfara on piano. 'Rock This House' is a swinging shuffle that is sure to get your feet moving along with the original 'Do The Boogaloo.' Johnny Otis' 'So Fine' gets a Texas honky tonk treatment of the finest kind. It's followed by a smoldering Chicago workout of Jimmy Lane's 'That's All Right' that has Brown growling his way through the vocals while plucking out a couple of ever so sweet guitar solos. What makes this release so damn good is the relaxed manner in which it was cut. The in-studio banter between the two principals that is heard throughout creates a fun atmosphere that is transcribed to the lucky listener over the course of the 12. Double Shot is the blues the way it was meant to be played by two fellas who hold a masters degree in the subject. Be forewarned - listening to this album is extremely habit forming and may cause an irresistible urge to play it repeatedly. This one really cooks
