
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Red Faction: Armageddon (c) THQ

15-10-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Steam  CEG
FPS..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Half a century after the Red Faction resistance and their Marauder
allies freed Mars from the brutal Earth Defense Force, harmony on Mars
is again threatened but this time by a lethal force shrouded in
mystery.

When the massive Terraformer that supplies Mars with its Earth-like air
and weather is destroyed, the atmosphere turns to chaos, super-tornados
and lightning storms engulf the planet. To survive, the Colonists flee
to the underground mines and build a network of habitable caves.

Five years later, Darius Mason, grandson of Martian Revolution heroes
Alec Mason and Samanya, runs a lucrative business from Bastion,
underground hub of Colonist activity. Mining, scavenging, mercenary
work--if the job is dangerous, Darius is your man. Few sane people now
venture to the ravaged surface, aside from contractors like Darius and
the smugglers who run goods between the settlements.

When Darius is tricked into reopening a mysterious shaft in an old
Marauder temple, he releases a long-dormant evil and unleashes
Armageddon on Mars. As Colonist and Marauder settlements are torn
asunder, only Darius and the Red Faction can save mankind. The battle
will take them across the storm-blasted planet--and below it, to the
very heart of the unspeakable threat.

Red Faction: Armageddon expands on the critically acclaimed,
best-selling franchise with new, groundbreaking challenges. You are
humanity's last hope for survival.

Features:

Infestation Mode - Survive waves of enemy hordes in a 1-4 player
cooperative, objective-based experience.

Ruin Mode - Master the tools of destruction in competitive and casual
destruction-based modes.

Hell on Mars - Darius Mason can only watch as the surface of Mars is
destroyed. Seeking solace underground, an even greater threat emerges
against humanity.

Nano Forge - Unleash the devastating force of the Nano Forge with
massive concussive blasts or reconstruct downed colonist defences with
Geo-Mod 2.0.

Martian Underground - The truth behind an ancient evil will force
Darius to wage a battle across the devastated Martian surface, beneath
massive frozen glaciers, and over rivers of broiling magma.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content on the DVD, for
changing and setting languages.

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision

Screens: 
http://shareimage.ro/images/q8zb4d4ma2xboorud4ee.jpg 
http://shareimage.ro/images/etu8p6u0wa1cxz4y2vf5.jpg 
http://shareimage.ro/images/jbkzo12lewwbiyoj24ir.jpg 
http://shareimage.ro/images/396d1amij9sio08q902.jpg
