This review is from: WebPlus X4 (PC CD) (CD-ROM) 
Like most recent web design packages this one tries to cater for everyone from beginner to advanced and it mainly succeeds, it is the latest upgrade in the series and builds and improves on previous WebPlus offerings, it is worth mentioning that there is no X3 version and the series went straight from X2 to X4 which is Windows 7 compatible together with XP and Vista. 
On a beginner level there are a number of complete templates where all you need to do is add text and away you go. This is fine if a template suits your needs and you like the design. There are other templates available in the resources pack, at additional cost and if you do not find the one you like in this Serif supply extra template packs. At this level you can have an up and working website hosted on the Serif server in only a few hours (hosting is currently free using the suffix ".webplus.net" but the documentation does not state if this free hosting is indefinite) 
At the next level Serif provide a number of themes which are essentially outline web pages which contain to photographs or text but have appropriate frames to populate. This gives more flexibility than templates but needs a little more work however one of the advantages of X4 is that as you add or remove pages the navigation buttons automatically link the pages so you do not need to keep track of basic linking although you can always change the links. 
At a more advanced level you can do pretty well everything with X4 including adding your own scripts and HTML pages or snippets. 
If you do not have a host that allows server side scripts then Serif have an ingenious arrangement where you can use "smart objects" on their server even if you do not host with them, among these smart objects are Blogs, Forums, Hit Counter, Resource Booker (this allows for online booking of hotel rooms etc etc) 
Among the many things this version of WebPlus can do are the ability to import Word format text and open office format, the ability to import RAW format pictures, inclusion of YouTube videos, podcast feeds, 2D/3D filter Effects, Tables and Calendars, Database Merging including .mdb, dBase and the ability to create photo database using EXIF fields. Remote content management which allows content to be updated from a remote computer that does not have X4 on it. Access control including CAPTCHA, Google Maps, Google Analytics and Google AdSense together with all the usual ecommerce arrangements. 
Overall a great package which caters for most needs although to use some of the advanced features there is a fairly steep learning curve. There is comprehensive documentation supplied with the package with more being available on line from Serif's web site. This documentation is also available in printed form in the "User Guide" and the "Resources Guide" this software comes in a number of packages so check if either of these books are included if not they are available separately but the resources guide is rather expensive.