-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: Honkytonk.Man.1982.DVDRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 1.36 GiB
Duration: 2h 0mn
Subtitle: Czech,Danish,English,French,German,Italian,Norwegian,Spanish,Swedish
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: The boy is on his way to becoming a man. The man is on his way to becoming a legend.

Storyline:

As the film opens on an Oklahoma farm during the depression, two simultaneous visitors literally hit the Wagoneer home: 
a ruinous dust storm and a convertible crazily driven by Red, the missus' brother. A roguish country-western musician, he has just been invited to audition for the Grand Ole Opry, 
his chance of a lifetime to become a success. However, this is way back in Nashville, Red clearly drives terribly, and he's broke and sick with tuberculosis to boot. 
Whit, 14, seeing his own chance of a lifetime to avoid "growing up to be a cotton picker all my life," begs Ma to let him go with Uncle Red as driver and protege. 
Thus begins a picaresque journey both hilarious and poignant.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/honkytonk_man/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084088/

Cast:

Clint Eastwood 	... 	Red Stovall 
Kyle Eastwood 	... 	Whit 
John McIntire 	... 	Grandpa 
Alexa Kenin 	... 	Marlene 
Verna Bloom 	... 	Emmy 
Matt Clark 	... 	Virgil 
Barry Corbin 	... 	Arnspriger 
Jerry Hardin 	... 	Snuffy 
Tim Thomerson 	... 	Highway Patrolman 
Macon McCalman 	... 	Dr. Hines 
Joe Regalbuto 	... 	Henry Axle 
Gary Grubbs 	... 	Jim Bob 
Rebecca Clemons 	... 	Belle 
Johnny Gimble 	... 	Bob Wills 
Linda Hopkins 	... 	Blues Singer

Genre: Comedy | Drama | Music
Director: Clint Eastwood
Rating: No Rating
Language: English
Awards: 1 nomination
Original source: Honkytonk.Man.1982.FULL.DVD9.PAL.Eng.Ger.Spa.+19Multisubs

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 1 296 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 4 445 Kbps
Width : 720 pixels
Height : 400 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.180

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 332 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 385 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.