Backup and Recovery that is EASY to Perform! Acronis True Image Home 2011 complete PC protection: back up your entire PC, including the OS plus your data, applications, pictures, video, financial documents, settings and everything! Acronis True Image Home 2010 is an award-winning backup and recovery solution for a good reason: it protects your PC after just one click and allows you to recover from viruses, unstable software downloads, and failed hard drives. Create an exact copy of your PC and restore it from a major failure in minutes, or back up important files and recover them even faster. Easy and Fast Backup and Recovery
Acronis True Image Home 2010 provides home users reliable and timeless backup and recovery of their operating system, applications, settings and personal files. Friendly, Windows®-style User Interface.From an intuitive graphical interface, you can easily define where, locally or online, and how often to backup a PC based on your needs. Acronis Online Backup™ to a secure location. Optional Acronis online storage services are available to automatically backup valuable data or files over the internet to a secure location.
Continuous data protection. In addition, Acronis Nonstop Backup™ provides continuous system and data protection, preventing data loss.
Features:
One-click™ protection
Initially, you decide what, where and when to back up. After that, backups occur automatically or with just one click.
Full text search
Search for file name and/or content within an archive, using Windows or Google™— desktop search.
Making reserve copies of your backups
You can make reserve copies of your backups and save them on a network drive, or a USB storage device. You have a choice of making a reserve copy as regular (flat) files, a zip compressed file, and a tib file.
Zip archive format support available
In addition to Acronis' powerful TIB data compression backup format, one of the most densely compressed backup file types available to consumers, Acronis True Image Home 2009 also supports the popular ZIP® format.
Consolidation
You can define rules for consolidating your archives to reduce storage space. Merge an older full backup with several incremental backups to quickly create a new full backup; subsequent backups are based on the newly-created full backup.
Windows Vista® -style Interface
The new, sleek interface of this product works on Microsoft® Windows XP and Vista operating systems.

Key Technologies:
Acronis Startup Recovery Manager
Boot your computer after a failure to start the recovery process simply by selecting the F11 key, even if your operating system has failed.
Exclude files and folders
Back up only the data you want to keep and save disk space.
Incremental and Differential Backups
Save disk space and time by performing differential and incremental backups.
Live Backups
Keep working right through your backup for maximum convenience.
Improved!Smart Scheduling
Run backups automatically at preset or elapsed time when user is idle, on user log-in/logout, on system startup/shutdown, and in coordination with other events.
New!Set & Forget backups
Configure once and perform backups automatically.
Acronis Secure Zone®
Protect your system by saving an image to a special hidden partition on your hard disk where it can be accessed when the system is being restored.

Supported operating systems

* Windows XP SP3
* Windows XP Professional x64 Edition
* Windows Vista SP2 (all editions)
* Windows 7 (all editions)

New in Acronis True Image Home 2011

- New user interface – Redesigned user interface and usability enhancements, based on the results of usability testing, make Acronis True Image Home 2011 easier to use than ever before.
- Predefined backup schemes – Acronis True Image Home 2011 offers you predefined backup schemes designed for specific user needs - from a disk space-efficient scheme suitable for users with limited backup storage capabilities to a scheme for those users who need higher security for their data and system. The program offers different backup schemes for disk and file type backups. You just select a scheme and the program automatically manages your backups. In addition, you can create a custom backup scheme which will exactly suit your needs.
- Check points - The Acronis Backup Explorer timeline shows Windows and software installation and update dates. Moving your mouse over a check point opens a balloon with information about the update or software. With check points you can check the changes to your system and recover the system to a specific backed up state.
- USB 3.0 support – Acronis True Image Home 2011 supports the new USB 3.0 standard. If your motherboard can work with USB 3.0 hard disk drives, you can use the high data transfer speed offered by the new standard to make your backups run much faster.
- Enhanced Acronis Nonstop Backup – Now you can use Acronis Nonstop Backup for protecting both partitions and individual files and folders. Protection of individual folders by Acronis Nonstop Backup usually requires much less storage space. In addition, the current version of Acronis True Image Home 2011 allows you to use the Acronis Secure Zone® as Nonstop Backup storage. This may be desirable for notebook users with a single hard disk drive.
- Automatic update notification – By default, Acronis True Image Home 2011 will automatically inquire about the availability of a program update at every program start. When an update is available, Acronis True Image Home 2011 will offer to download and install it. You can also check for availability of updates manually through the Help menu.
- New Backup Explorer – Now you can use the Acronis Backup Explorer's time line for exploring not only Acronis Nonstop Backup and Acronis Online Backup contents, but contents of all other backups as well. Clicking My backups in the main window will show all your backups on the time line. In addition, you can start recovery of disks and partitions right from the time line.
- Enhanced scheduler – the completely redesigned scheduler makes scheduling much easier. In addition, it now allows you to wake up the sleeping/hibernating computer to perform a backup. The "At system shutdown" and "At user logoff" options are now available to users of Windows Vista and Windows 7.
- Drag & Drop functionality - you can recover backed up files by dragging them from Acronis Backup Explorer to your Desktop or a folder of your choice. In addition, you can create shortcuts for backups by dragging their boxes from the My backups area on the main screen to your Desktop. This will allow you to run a backup by simply double-clicking on its shortcut. You can also create shortcuts for frequently used Acronis tools by dragging their icons from the Start menu to the Desktop.
- Integration with Windows 7 Control Panel - Acronis True Image Home 2011 replaces Windows Backup in the Backup and Restore item. The Backup and Restore window will show the Nonstop Backup and your oldest disk or partition backup. You will be able to recover the backed up data, refresh the backups, and pause/start Nonstop Backup directly from the Control Panel.
- Reserve copies of image backups – Acronis True Image Home 2011 allows you to set up creation of reserve copies for disk and partition backups to make your backups more secure. So now you can back up your disks to two destinations in a single operation.• Support of Microsoft Outlook 2010 – This product is added to the list of e-mail clients supported by e-mail backup. In addition, Acronis True Image Home 2011 allows you to back up Windows Live Mail accounts and contacts.


OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7
Home Page: www.acronis.com
Interface: english