File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:28

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2054 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.30 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles and is the uncensored version.


"All About Us" is the first single released from Russian band t.A.T.u.'s second English studio album, Dangerous and Moving, and its Russian counterpart, Lyudi Invalidy (Invalid People). "All About Us" peaked at #6 in Europe[vague]. The song was written by The Veronicas along with Josh Alexander and Billy Steinberg.

The shooting for the music video took place in Los Angeles, produced by film director James Cox. There are two versions of the video, one censored, and the other uncut (also known as the explicit version). The censored video was released on the official website on August 18. The uncut version was released later on. The video was popular in Europe and was retired on Poland's TRL after spending 50 days on the countdown. The video had much airplay on U.S. television, but was actually played more on Spanish speaking networks than others.

The uncensored version of the music video starts off with Lena and Yulia pulling up in a car, with the chorus to "All the Things She Said" playing on the radio. The two go into a Korean restaurant as fake headlines are shown on the screen - rumors of their relationship. They sit at a table, take shots and begin arguing to each other, and Yulia storms off. The headlines continue as Yulia walks down the side of the restaurant, and Lena drives off after her. While walking down the road, Yulia gets picked up by a man (played by actor Charlie Koznik). Lena attempts to call Yulia via cell phone, but it seems she is already on her phone with another person. Yulia and the man eventually get to his home, where they start to get intimate. However, it quickly turns into attempted rape, as the man begins to force Yulia into it. Yulia breaks free, flips the man off and calls Lena. However, the man begins to physically assault Yulia, pushing her through the glass top of a coffee table. Her phone is dropped, and Lena drives off in search of her. Yulia is able to break free, with enough time to locate bullets and a gun in a case. When he turns around to attack Yulia again, she shoots him in the head, causing brains to be splattered on the wall. She then climbs out a window and down the fire escape, just in time to meet up with Lena.

The censored version of the music video has been heavily edited for viewing on television. Omitted are Yulia flipping off the man, her being thrown into the glass, the finding of the gun, and the blood splatter.

Dangerous and Moving is the second English-language album by t.A.T.u. The album was first released on October 5, 2005 in Japan then on October 10 in the UK, October 11 in North America, and in Europe & Latin America on October 14.

    * All About Us was the lead single of the album, released in September 2005. It became a top-10 hit across Europe and the world. Peaking at number 8 in the UK Singles Chart and number 6 in the European Hot 100. Also it reached number 13 in the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.

    * Friend or Foe was released as the second single in December 2005. It peaked at number 33 in the European Hot 100 and number 48 in the UK Singles Chart.

    * Gomenasai was released as the third single in Latin America and Asia and as the second in some European territories in May 2006. It wasn't released in the United States and the United Kingdom. The single reached number 59 in the European Hot 100.

    * Loves Me Not was released as the fourth and final single in November 2006. It was released only as a promotional single for compilation album The Best. It peaked at number 28 in Russian Airplay Chart and failed to peak any important charts around the world.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/