On the Buses Complete Series

Season One
Season Two
Season Three
Season Four
Season Five
Season Six
Season Seven
Bonus On the Buses Movie

Info of episodes
Codec; DIVX
Resolution; 720x576
Aspect Ratio; 4:3

Series 1 & 2 are in Black and White
Series 3-7 + Movie are in colour

The trials and tribulations of bus driver Stan and his conductor Jack unfold in this weekly comedy. The bain of their working life is Inspector Blake who'll do anything to make their lives a misery... and does. Stan and Jack are a couple of "jack-the-lads" who are not averse to clocking a bit of crumpet here and there, but "Blakey" is constantly dampening their ardor.

Way back in 1969 a TV comedy series began with an episode called THE EARLY SHIFT. The show was On The Buses. It was about the life of a driver and his conductor working on the No.11 bus that ran to the CEMETERY GATES. They were employed by Luxton and District Bus Depot and answerable to an Inspector who was the bain of their lives.


The series was created and written by Ronald Wolfe and Ronald Chesney The main cast were the happy go lucky bus driver Stan (Reg Varney). Stan's best pal, the lecherous conductor Jack (Bob Grant) and Inspector Blake (Stephen Lewis).
Driver Stan lived at home with sister the delectable Olive (Anna Karen) and her lay-about husband Arthur (Michael Robbins) plus of course dear old Mum. (Cicely Courtniedge) series 1, (Doris Hare) from series 2 onwards.

The series followed the exploits of Stan and Jacks lives. Their day to day living, how they dealt with authority and of course the all important job of chasing the opposite sex known as 'Birds'.

The cast won the ITV personality of the year in 1970. By 1971 the show was a firm favorite across the nation and was watched globally by audiences of 22 million.

The series was to reflect the lives of the working classes of the time and this was part of the formula for its success. The show ended up being exported to 38 countries around the world and is still being given re-runs on TV to this day.

Torrent downloaded from
