Real Zombies, the Living Dead, and Creatures of the Apocalypse


Review

"Fascinating and chilling, bloodcurdling even. This comprehensive and unsettling study is an antidote to Hollywood films with their lurching, reanimated dead."  —SirReadaLot.org


"What I like about Brad Steiger's new book, is that he refuses to be limited by Shaun of the Dead-style zombie convention. Steiger is known for his encyclopedic exploration of ghosts, vampires and werewolves, and he lends the same exacting scrutiny to this look at reanimated corpses—and more."  —Linda Godfrey's Bloghouse


"A superb, and arguably definitive, look at the zombie phenomenon . . . The subject is infinitely more complex than many realize. Like a zombie itself, Brad's book grabs you by the jugular and doesn't let go!"  —FATE magazine


"Not recommended for reading just before bedtime."  —Alternate Perceptions


"The award-winning writer of more than 100 tomes about ghosts, werewolves and other night stalkers, lays to rest the misconceptions regarding the walking dead. He then goes on to tell more than 30 bone-chilling tales."  —Sun Magazine


"The zombie has captivated the American imagination, but where is the basis in reality? From relation to vampires and mummies, to the zombie army of Hitler, many out-there theories and ideas are presented . . . a truly fascinating read."  —Midwest Book Review


"The title of the book screams out as something I would want to pick up and it details information about zombies, wendigos, and a lot of other supernatural critters. Also the book's author Brad Steiger obviously took great pains to research."  —Pandora’s Gate
Product Description

Featuring 30 chilling stories of real-life zombie encounters, this comprehensive and unsettling study draws upon traditions found throughout the world to dispel common depictions of zombies as lurching, flesh-eating automatons made popular by countless movies and books. This fascinating collection includes the stories of the Devil Baby of Bourbon Street, a monstrous creature complete with horns and tail that still lurks in the shadows of the Big Easy; Black Mama Courteaux and the great zombie war, involving hundreds of zombie soldiers battling for the supremacy of their queen; and the swamp child of Mama Cree, who still roams the bayous of Louisiana. In addition to the stories, a variety of zombie-related facts are explored, including ceremonies and initiations, zombies throughout history, sacred zombie and voodoo-related sites, and zombies and monsters of the Bible.
 
http://www.amazon.com/Real-Zombies-Living-Creatures-Apocalypse/dp/1578592968/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1312171743&sr=1-1