*Install ans use keygen to activate!


GS Typing Tutor is a powerful and rich features typing tutor & test software. It is an ideal teaching tool for learning to type and developing typing speed. It is geared towards kids ages 9 to adult. Easy of use The user-inteface is shockingly easy to use, no technical knowledge is required, all you need to do is using the mouse to point and click. Complete lessons Including three courses, the basic course will help you learn base keys in the keyboard, the special marks course will help you become a fluent typist. If you are a cashier, accountant or intensive numeric keypad user, the numeric keypad course can help you improve speed. One-handed typing courses are available too if you'd prefer to be taught the one-handed typing skills. Professional typing speed test GS Typing Tutor offers three kinds of typing tests, General Typing Test, Original Copy Test, and Type at Will. The program also allows you to add your own text files as the test text. Includes 5 typing-based games There are five typing-based games in the program. Learning process is amusing and effective. Supports 28+ keyboard layouts GS Typing Tutor supports a variety of keyboard layouts, English US, English UK, English International, US Dvorak, US Dvorak Right hand, US Dvorak Left hand, Belgian, Canadian Multilingual, Danish, Dutch, English British, Finnish, French, French Canadian, Swiss French, German, Swiss German, Icelandic, Irish, Italian, Latin American, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish-F, Turkish-Q. Croatian, Hungarian, Arabic 101, Arabic 102. Powerful and complete statistics The program continually collects the information throughout the progress of practice and test, and generates reports and curves to tell you how your development of the performance is. As well as, it analyzes which keys are difficult to you, so that you could customize a special practice to fine-tune your skills. Highly customizable GS Typing Tutor enables you to change the user interface's color, on/off the sound, duration and a lot of options to meet your condition. Supports multiple users Multiple people can use GS Typing Tutor on one computer, each user has their own account file in which the user's preference and other information are stored.


SEED and Share!

Click on my username for more!!