Update your game with the latest patch from Bethesda. Extract and copy files to your \Fallout New Vegas\Data\ folder.



List of DLC in this torrent:

Story Add-ons:

	1. Dead Money
	2. Honest Hearts
	3. Old World Blues
	4. Lonesome Road

Item Packs:

	1. Courier's Stash
		a. Caravan Pack
		b. Classic Pack
		c. Mercenary Pack
		d. Tribal Pack 

	2. Gun Runners' Arsenal



Dead Money

As the victim of a raw deal you must work alongside three other captured wastelanders to recover the legendary treasure of the Sierra Madre Casino. In Dead Money, your life hangs in the balance as you face new terrain, foes, and choices. It is up to you how you play your cards in the quest to survive.


Honest Hearts

Honest Hearts takes you on an expedition to the unspoiled wilderness of Utah’s Zion National Park. Things go horribly wrong when your caravan is ambushed by a tribal raiding band. As you try to find a way back to the Mojave, you become embroiled in a war between tribes and a conflict between a New Canaanite missionary and the mysterious Burned Man. The decisions you make will determine the fate of Zion.


Old World Blues

In Old World Blues you discover how some of the Mojave’s mutated monsters came to be when you unwittingly become a lab rat in a science experiment gone awry. You need to scour the pre-War research centers of the Big Empty in search of technology to turn the tables on your kidnappers or join forces with them against an even greater threat.


Lonesome Road

Lonesome Road brings the Courier's story full circle when you are contacted by the original Courier Six, a man by the name of Ulysses who refused to deliver the Platinum Chip at the start of New Vegas. In his transmission, Ulysses promises the answer as to why, but only if you take one last job—a job that leads you into the depths of the hurricane-swept canyons of the Divide, a landscape torn apart by earthquakes and violent storms. The road to the Divide is a long and treacherous one, and of the few to ever walk the road, none have ever returned.


Courier's Stash

Players pre-ordering Fallout: New Vegas from selected retailers were granted access to special pre-order bonus packs, containing exclusive equipment to make the earlier stages of the game easier. The list of bonus packs is as follows:

    Caravan Pack
    Classic Pack
    Mercenary Pack
    Tribal Pack 

These packs were combined into one pack titled Courier's Stash.


Gun Runners' Arsenal

Gun Runners’ Arsenal increases the range of unique weapons, weapon mods, ammunition types and recipes waiting to be uncovered in the vast Mojave Wasteland. 
