 http://whatimg.com/images/25706364830022878857.jpg

2011 Lagrimas Mexicanas CD Naîve NJ 621011 

[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest

.png[/img]

1. Mi Declaración
2. Calle 7
3. La Curva
4. Lágrimas Mexicanas
5. Lágrimas de Amor
6. Cafezinho
7. El Camino
8. Aquela Mulher
9. Briga de Namorados
10. Forinfas 

Personnel: Vinicius Cantuária (vocals, acoustic guitar, percussion); Bill 

Frisell (acoustic guitar, electric guitar, loops).
Recording information: Avast Recording, Seattle; Fantasy Studios, Berkeley.

Bill Frisell and Vinicius Cantuária‘s new album, Lagrimas Mexicanas, 

epitomizes a union of extraordinary musicians. Frisell’s and Cantuária’s own 

music have clearly distinctive origins, but with complimentary styles. 

Through the blending of emotive rhythms and harmonies, and the melding 

of classic and experimental sounds, the two artists have found an easy home 

with one another. Lagrimas Mexicanas is scheduled for release on January 

25, 2011 via Entertainment One Music. – JamBase

At Ronnie Scott’s last week, American guitarist Bill Frisell and Brazilian 

singer-songwriter Vinicius Cantuária captivated the crowd, yet couldn’t quite 

capture the nuance and texture of this remarkable album. Lágrimas 

Mexicanas is Cantuária’s collection of aural snapshots of Hispanic life in 

New York, traditional Latin materials sublimely transformed by cross-genre 

borrowings, which Frisell colours from his inimitable palette of jazz, blues 

and country sounds. Balefully angular electric guitar lines, bent-synth noises 

and bluesy wah-wah effects crisscross the coolly confessional Mi 

Declaración. There’s a rockabilly feel to Cafezinho, a choral glow to El 

Camino (with Frisell making huge chiming sounds like churchbells), a 

Beatlesesque pop-ballad lilt to Lágrimas de Amor, and a Scott Joplinesque 

bounce to Briga de Namorados before it blurs into spacey impressionism. 

Calle 7, a standout track inspired by a walk down Seventh Avenue, is an 

irresistibly swinging song that manages to be both meditative and to capture 

the urgent streetlife. It’s a little classic. – Guardian


cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2011/02/16/vinicius-cantuaria-bill-frisell/