Unabridged and read by Michael Jayston. 14 hours 24 mins duration. OD CD. (48 kbps / 44kHz Mono, Fraunhofer CBR jetAudio 8+) .


[1979]
For readers new to le Carré this is the third of what has become known as the "Karla series". The previous two being "Tinker,Tailor,Soldier, Spy" and the heroic and romantic "Honourable Schoolboy" (highly recommended too).

The third sees much of the same cast collected again. You meet clever and dodgy Toby Esterhazy,the valiant and niave Peter Guillam,a forgotten Russian General, an intelligence pimp,a collection of 2 dimensional Whitehall twits as a foil,and as always a most humane cast of extras. The most humane being the conscience wracked George Smiley himself. As for villains you have the aforementioned Whitehall boys, a convincing KGB thug and a villain of Moriarty proportion in Karla; Smiley's foe for many years.The plot? Smiley is brought back once again from retirement to fight against his old enemy. A fight both personal and patriotic. It is the height of the cold war,his brief is strictly unofficial and he calls in favours and friends as his allies(thus the title). The locations? Paris, the bleakest Germany you have ever met, a sumptuous Switzerland and of course grey, beaurocratic London. The drama? Betrayal. Le Carre's constant theme. Of wives, country, friendships and finally of the morality that has sustained Smiley through the long years of the cold war. Its a great read. Le Carre at his peak (though the semi autobiographical "a perfect spy" deserves a mention). If you haven't read the two others you can read this one alone. Wonder aloud afterwards how Deighton and co. can hold their heads up in public. Le Carré is in another world of thriller writers. I recommend you read all three but this one is one of the best you will ever read.(AC)

John le Carre's absorbing world of spies and espionage is one of human voices--of many nations and emotions--all artfully filtered through his caustic world view. Through the narration of British actor Jayston, layers of interpretive sound collide in fantastic authenticity. Jayston captures both sides of Smiley: his obsessive, steely drive to redeem the past and his melancholic musings on the ultimate impossibility of victory in such a contest. His European and Russian dialects are convincing, enhanced as they are by sensitive pacing, clear enunciation and vocal moods so appropriate that the listener enters the text completely. A wonderful performance.

* This new CD quality rip supersedes the cassette version I posted here in April 2009. Jayston is the perfect narrator for le Carré.


Enjoy and Seed!!