 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005LD2TKK

Set in a post apocalyptic religiously-demented American Empire, the city of Las Vegas is no longer a city of sin. Now called Necropolis, it is a city that eats sin. The vampires of Necropolis wait patiently for the Empire's weekly drop off of guilty Penitents; sinners and criminals full of fresh blood.

Hank Evans is one of those Penitents and he would gladly let the vampires take every drop of his blood if it weren’t for one detail: Toby. Toby is Hank’s only son. Now, Hank must do whatever it takes to escape the city of the dead and save his son from an Empire as bloodthirsty as the vampires it uses to keep its people in line.

From reviews on Amazon.com:

"Let's put it this way. I don't much care for Vampire stories, but this story is so much more then blood sucking pretty boys that all the tweens swoon over. These characters are real people, the vampires have a story to tell, and there are great intertwining plots in this story. There are real conflicts and struggles for the main character."

"Loved this so much I am re-reading it again to make sure I did not miss a thing. For a first time novel Robert S. Wilson created a masterpiece. His weaving of story lines, creation of characters the the telling of back stories work wonderfully together culminated in a refreshingly new vampire story. This is one story I wanted to go on and on. 
What impressed me was the new version of the vampire genre. After reading hundreds of stories of novels this is truly an original. 
Brilliant work. Cannot wait for the next one."

"I must admit with the slew of vampire books around today that I was skeptical about this book. Though after reading Shining in Crimson, I must admit I was pleasantly surprised."

"So, I've been an "aficionado" of vampires for almost as long as I've been reading novels. From Stoker's Dracula to this latest, by Robert S. Wilson, Shining In Crimson. 
I have to say: I'm really impressed. 
Wilson's dystopian Empire (formerly the good old U.S. of A.) is well-thought out and carries a weight and depth to it unlike many others I've read about. The vampires of his world are both tribal and democratic, as well as useful tools of the Empire itself. 
The characters each have a richness to them that leads you to worry for them, hate them, admire them and/or loathe them. Hank, in particular, is a man with a fully developed back story that plays its part in defining who he is and how he handles the tragic circumstances in which he finds himself. 
Although Toby could have used just a little more fleshing out, near the end of the novel we see some further depth to the boy that I hope promises some interesting turns of event in future volumes. And, let me say that I do fully expect there to be future volumes! 
Such incredible conflict of character is displayed in wonderful relief with the person of Simon. His storyline is such that I would have never guessed from his entry onto the scene near the beginning of the book. Wilson has done a fantastic job in truly doing something different with the 'whole vampire thing."

 
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11163008-shining-in-crimson
