Sexsations stars Susan Hart and Herschel Savage as two high-tech researchers. In their electronic laboratory they have developed a sex-fantasy machine that transports their minds and bodies into the minds of the most beautiful and erotic porn stars of today, including Annette Haven, John Leslie, and Paul Thomas. The porn stars lustfully act out the erotic fantasies of these innocent scientists. Passion and desire soon diminish the scientists' abilities to control themselves as they revel in voluptuous, flesh-filled orgies.

----------

Sexsations - Restored Version (2.0)
Completed 2/21/2011
To the best of my knowledge, Sexsations was only ever available on VHS - no laserdisc of DVD issues.  Which is a real shame, because I always considered this to be one of my favorites.  Fortunately, I managed to obtain an old VHS tape of this from Ebay a while back.  It was not in its original box - sombody (poorly) sliced up the original box and inserted the front and back panels into a clamshell case.  That, combined with the weird stickers all over the tape itself, lead me to think this was an ex-rental.
The tape itself has some problems with flickering and varying luminance, almost like Macrovision was kicking in.  This was almost completely companseated for with my Grass Valley ADVC-300 (http://www.grassvalley.com/products/advc300).  A while back I released a raw capture on Empornium and PureTNA (may they rest in peace).  When these two websites went down, I decided it was probably time to make a better capture and do some restoration work before re-releasing it elsewhere.
The ADVC-300 is not a VfW device, and only captures in DV at 720x480.  I converted this into Lagarith (http://lags.leetcode.net/codec.html), a lossless codec, so that I could run AVISynth (http://avisynth.org/) filters (I haven't had any luck getting AVISynth to read my DV files directly) and transformed it into YV12 colorspace.  
I had some difficulties with my usual preferred deinterlace method on this one - it just didn't like Herschel Savage's mouth for some odd reason.  I got a different filter to work better, with some fooling around.  This video had some noticible black bars at the left and right screen edges for some reason - but I couldn't correct this with AVISynth, because it was already freaking out over the deinterlacer I had to use monkeying with the default resolutions!  In the end I had to use a combination of AVIsynth for the deinterlace and denoise, and Virtualdub for the crop and subsequent resize to a standard 640x480.  This version was compressed in H.264, 1200 bitrate, using x264 in two passes.
I am no expert with AVISynth, but I've been playing with it a lot lately.  I'm sure there are some better filters I could be using, and perhaps someday I'll make an ever better restored version. 
