-
http:// www .torrentkit. com        thanks for supporting with server cost,  
http:// www .torrentkit. com       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ......

-
                                                     
                                             
                                                     
                                           
                                      
                              
                              
                        
                
                  
                
             
            
                             
                                   
                TV               TV     
                                          
                               
            
                 
                     
                          
                              
                                 
                            
                              
                       
                        
                             
                                        
                                               
                                   TV             
                                             
                                        
                                
                           
                              
                                 
                                   
                      
                                                  
           
                                                
                                                  
                                                   
                                        

                   
                                    
                                     
                       yiX
                                       2k9*
                                  

                       
                                          
                                                     
             
                                                 
                                                 
                               
                                                                

                   F0REVER iMMORTAL H0STS iS PR0UD T0 PRESENT

                Release:  Stand.Up.For.Christchurch.PDTV.XviD-FiHTV
                Predate:  16th March 2011
                Presize:  350MB
		
				Summary : 
		
		Comedians from around the world band together 
		to raise money for victims of the Christchurch 
		earthquake. 
		
		From Adelaide, Australia, MC Peter Helliar hosts 
		performances from Arj Barker (Flight Of The Conchords), 
		Patrick Monahan, Tom Gleason, Sam Wills and more. 
		
		Presented by The Garden of Unearthly Delights and 
		organised by Kiwi comedian Sam Wills, Stand Up For 
		Christchurch hopes to send a message of support to 
		the people of Christchurch. "The aim of the TV 
		programme is to show that people over here in 
		Adelaide and throughout Australia are thinking 
		of Christchurch and are wanting to help as well," 
		explains Wills. 
		
		"No matter where they are in the world we know 
		that Kiwis everywhere are thinking of Christchurch 
		and we will keep doing everything we can do to help," 
		he continues.
		
		A Christchurch local himself, Wills was stunned to 
		learn of earthquake while over in Adelaide and 
		says his priority was making contact with loved ones. 
		"I was about to go out for a picnic with friends 
		when the first of the Twitter feeds started coming in," 
		recalls Wills. "Then we put on the telly and started 
		watching the news non stop and began the mission of 
		trying to get in touch with friends and family. 
		It was really hard to see the destruction and it was 
		all a bit surreal."
		
		With his first response being to help those from his 
		home town, Wills decided to use his talents to pull 
		together the live show aimed at raising money for
		 victims of the earthquake. He says, "When we were 
		watching the Twitter feed my wife said 'We need to 
		do something' and what we are good at is doing shows. 
		So we decided to try and get together the biggest 
		show possible and raise as much money as we could 
		to help out."
		
		And the response to his plea was more the Wills 
		could have ever expected: "Everybody was very keen 
		to be a part of the show. In fact we could have 
		filled the line-up three times over with the amount 
		of support we were given."
		
		
				Rippers Notes:
							
		Our thoughts go out to the families of the 
		dead/missing people in Christchurch earthquake 22nd Feb 2011
		From all encoders Team FiH and FiHTV

		Please Donate here http://www.redcross.org.nz/donate
		
		
		Contact: 
			   if you got what it takes to be a LEGEND!
			   NZ/AU/US/UK Cappers wanted