Folder Lock® - The Fastest Encryption on Earth!

Folder Lock is a file encryption software that offers fastest way of encrypting and password protecting files and folders. You can either choose to encrypt important files from techies or lock your files, pictures and private data from casual users. Folder Lock comes with locking, encryption, shredding, stealth mode, hack attempt monitoring, portability, plug & play support, history cleaning, and more than 20 privacy features all tailored to special needs for people wanting privacy and security.

What is Folder Lock?

 

Folder Lock® is a fast file locking and
file encryption software
that can password protect folders, encrypt or lock files, protect USB Drives and lock CDs/DVDs. The program supports all flavors of Windows 7.0, Vista, XP and 2000 including their 64-bit variants.

 

Folder Lock creates encrypted storages called \'Lockers\'. You can keep as many of your private files & folders in Locker and password protect it with a single click. Lockers are portable, so you can transfer, secure and backup these Lockers or keep them in USB Drives, CDs/DVDs, & notebooks or transfer them over email. These Lockers are undeletable on the computer where Folder Lock is installed.

 

You can create as many Lockers as you want. Different users can create different Lockers with different passwords as well. Folder Lock is two-in-one file locking and file encryption software that lets you choose either to encrypt using 256-bit AES on-the-fly encryption or lock files, folders and drives anywhere on your computer. Each Locker can contain your encrypted files as well as your personal list of your locked items.

 

Furthermore, Folder Lock comes with additional features which no other file encryption software offer like hack monitoring, stealth mode, data shredding, auto protection, portable USB autoplay support, history cleaning and virtual keyboard. This can enhance file locking and encryption beyond anything ever achieved. In addition, a Locker can\'t be renamed, moved or deleted without a correct password to prevent data loss.

 

Folder Lock is the most downloaded File Encryption Software in the market with more than 15 million downloads to date.

Features and Benefits

 

256-bit AES encryption. The fastest file encryption software that uses on-the-fly encryption (military standard) for file protection.

 

File Lock, Folder Lock, Drive Lock, File Encryption and Folder Encryption. All in one complete package.

 

Full Portability. Password protect USB Drives, Lock CDs & DVDs and share password with trusted friends.

 

Backup or transfer your password protected Lockers anywhere. All data sits in one place for easy backup.

 

Undeletable Lockers (on the PC where Folder Lock is installed). Deletion requires you to login into Folder Lock.

 

Shred files automatically when data is encrypted. Choose this option if you\'re obsessed with your data.

 

Stealth Mode feature can efficiently hide all the traces of Folder Lock ever been installed on your PC.

 

Windows History Cleaning. Removes recent history of PC activity automatically when Locker closes.

 

Hack Attempt Monitoring option can monitor fake password attempts and can Shutdown PC automatically.

 

Fastest File Encryption Software! Encrypted data is later decrypted in memory, preventing data recovery & slow processing.

 

Complete Privacy! Whether you\'re concerned with privacy, data theft, data loss, data leaks or virus attacks. You need Folder Lock!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Just install and disconnect from the internet, register with the given key...
Key is in the text file in the torrent...
Scanned by kaspersky internet security 2011, no threat detected...
TPB mods or crew please dont ban me again...:)
Enjoy from eagerforcc...