After three decades of research Dr. Budwig,  sixtime nominee for the Nobel
Award, found that the blood of seriously ill cancer patients was always,
without exception, deficient in certain important essential ingredients
which included substances called phosphatides and lipoproteins. (The blood
of a healthy person always contains sufficient quantities of these essential
ingredients. However, without these natural ingredients cancer cells grow
wild and out of control.)


Blood analysis showed a strange greenish-yellow substance in place of the
healthy red oxygen carrying hemoglobin that belongs there. This explained
why cancer patients weaken and become anemic. This startling discovery led
Dr. Budwig to test her theory.


She found that when these natural ingredients where replaced over
approximately a three month period, tumors gradually receded.The strange
greenish elements in the blood were replaced with healthy red blood cells as
the phosphatides and lipoproteins almost miraculously reappeared. Weakness
and anemia disappeared and life energy was restored. Symptoms of cancer,
liver dysfunction and diabetes were completely alleviated.


Dr. Budwig then discovered an all natural way for people to replace those
essential ingredients their bodies so desperately needed in their daily
diet. By simply eating a combination of just two natural and delicious
foods not only can cancer be prevented but in case after case it was
actually cured. (These two natural foods, organic flax seed oil & cottage
cheese) must be eaten together to be effective since one triggers the
properties of the other to be released.)


After more than 10 years of solid clinical application, Dr. Budwig\\\'s natural
formula has proven successful where many orthodox remedies have failed. Dr.
Budwig\\\'s formula has been used therapeutically in Europe for prevention of:
Cancer! Arteriosclerosis, Strokes, Cardiac Infarction, Heartbeat
(irregular), Liver (fatty degeneration), Lungs (reduces bronchial
spasms), Intestines (regulates activity). Stomach Ulcers (normalizes
gastric juices), Prostate (hypertopic), Arthritis (exerts a favorable
influence), Eczema (assists all skin diseases), Old age (improves many
common afflictions), Brain (strenghthens activity), Immune Deficiency
Syndromes (multiple sclerosis, autoimmune illnesses)


Thousands have flocked to hear Dr. Budwig lecture all over Europe. The many
people Dr. Budwig\\\'s formula has helped testify to the benefits of her
remarkable discovery.




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Dr. Budwig is internationally recognized as the world\\\'s leading authority
on fats and oils.

She was one of the first to realize the detrimental effect of processing
methods on essential fatty acids.

The two essential fats are defined as alpha-linolenic LNA , an omega-3
fatty acid,

 and linoleic acid LA an omega-6 fatty acid.


They are two of the 90 essential nutrients necessary for good health.


The essential nutrients must be obtained through the diet and cannot be
biosynthesized by the human body. A deficiency of alpha- linolenic acid or
linoleic acid potentiates faulty fatty acid metabolism. Essential fatty
acids are found most abundantly in unadulterated seed oils.

Flaxseed oil is the undisputed champion, containing both essential fats in
appreciable amounts, and especialy Omega 3 , which most people are
deficient of.


Flax is nature\\\'s richest source of omega-3 fatty acids with a whopping 57%
alpha-linolenic acid.


Essential fats are classified as polyunsaturated fatty acids. This class of
fats are relatively unstable when exposed to excessive heat, light and
oxygen. Large commercialized processing methods employ these destructive
elements, in addition to chemical means, to effectively saturate the
previously unsaturated bonds. This mechanism robs the essential fats of
their omega-3 and -6 properties, transforming them into totally saturated,
altered fats (hydrogenated trans-isomers).


Dr. Budwig attributes not only the escalating rate of heart disease to
hazardous processing methods, but also the incidence of cancer, stroke,
eczema, arthritis, MS, IBD, Asthma, Aids, Psoriasis,  and many other
maladies of our time.

This may very well be factually proven, as leading researcher and author,
Dr. Donald Rudin, has reported that most Americans are at least 80% 
deficient in the essential fats.


Hormone-like substances, called prostaglandins, are produced from essential
fatty acids. One of the many important functions of prostaglandins are
their regulating effect on arterial muscle tone. Any disturbance
facilitated by a lack of dietary essential fatty acids may disrupt this
system of checks and balances, resulting in arterial muscle spasm.


A favorable dietary intake of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in the form
of flaxseed oil ensures balanced prostaglandin production, thus regulating
proper arterial constriction and relaxation.

The best ballance of Omega3 : Omega6 is  1:2.

Flaxseed oil is not suppose to be the only fat in your diet, as in this case 
actual ballance would be 2 :1, what will after 5 - 12 months cause LA 
deficiency and diseases.
   

Scientific studies have also shown normalization of blood lipids (fats) in
hyper-lipidemic individuals when supplemented with essential fatty acids.
Decreases in harmful LDL cholesterol, increase in favorable HDL
cholesterol, and reduction of triglyceride levels have been demonstrated.

Never has this paradox of decreasing harmful blood lipids by increasing
favorable fatty acids been so wonderfully depicted as in the true life
story, now made famous in the film, \\\"Lorenzo\\\'s Oil\\\".


Further, essential fatty acids are paramount in ferrying oxygen from
hemoglobin (the oxygen carrier in red blood cells) to each and every one of
our one hundred trillion cells. A lack of oxygen (hypoxia) or loss of
oxygen (anoxia) to the heart muscle with resultant tissue death is the
definition of myocardial infarction (heart attack).




