* Hi PC games fans ...

* Play the new Dragon Age game ...

* File Info : Rip with some not essencial audio missing and videos worked but all of them , the subtitles must be enabled on the game options , that´s all .

* ALL THE DLCS AVAILABLE FOR THE MOMENT ALREADY INCLUDED AND READY TO GO !




Dragon Age II


From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

 


Dragon Age II
 



Developer(s)
 
BioWare
 


Publisher(s)
 
Electronic Arts
 


Composer(s)
 
Inon Zur
 


Series
 
Dragon Age
 


Engine
 
Lycium[1]
 


Platform(s)
 
Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Mac OS X
 


Release date(s)
 
NA March 8, 2011[2]
EU March 11, 2011[3][4]
 


Genre(s)
 
Computer role-playing
 


Mode(s)
 
Single-player
 


Rating(s)
 
PEGI: 18
 ESRB: M
 

Dragon Age II is the sequel to BioWare's Dragon Age series of role-playing video games and was released on March 8, 2011 in North America and March 11, 2011 in Europe. Unlike Dragon Age: Origins, the main character's race cannot be changed; however, the character's appearance, gender, class and first name are all fully customizable. Hawke, the main character, is a Lothering refugee who rises to power and becomes the Champion of the Free Marches. Dragon Age II is set in the same world as Dragon Age: Origins, but takes place in the Free Marches .


Plot

Set in the mythical world of Thedas, Dragon Age II tells the story of Hawke a refugee who fled the nation of Ferelden during the events of "Dragon Age: Origin" and arrived in the neighboring state of Kirkwall as a refugee. Within the span of a decade, Hawke would rise in power and influence to become the legendary "Champion of Kirkwall", and the center of events that change the course of Thedas forever. The game focuses on Hawke's rise to power and is framed through flashbacks by one of Hawke's old companions, Varric, who relates the Champion's 'true story' to Cassandra Pentaghast, a Seeker of Thedas' religious Chantry.[5]
 
Choices that players made in Dragon Age: Origins, its DLC content, and expansion pack "Awakening" can be imported into Dragon Age II and are reflected by allusions to Thedas's political state as well as appearances by past characters.

