LANGUAGE: ENGLISH
FORMAT: .MPG
VIDEO QUALITY: 2500 KBPS
FRAME RATE: 30
AUDIO: 320 KBPS
AUDIO SAMPLE RATE 48K
VOLUME: 4DB
VIDEO RESOLUTION: 720/480

Over 3 Hours of Footage:  (3:14:52 - 3 Hours, 14 Minutes, & Fifty Two Seconds to be exact)


Music Videos:

Allister - Somewhere On Fullerton
Fenix TX - Threesome
Finch - Letters To You
Home Grown - You\'re Not Alone
The Movie Life - Walking On Glass
New Found Glory - Hit Or Miss (Original Version - Before they got famous)
RX Bandits - Analog Boy
Something Corporate - If You See Jordan
The Starting Line - Best Of Me
The Starting Line - Three\'s A Charm

Live Footage (From The Drive-Thru Summer Invasion Stage):

The Starting Line - Best Of Me
The Starting Line - Leaving (Featuring Ian Grushka of A New Found Glory on bass)
Finch - Ender
Home Grown - Give It Up
Allister - Somewhere On Fullerton
The Movielife - Hand Grenade
RX Bandits - All Rwandas Glory
RX Bandits - Infection (Featuring Nate Barcalow of Finch on Accompanying Vocals)
The Early November - Every Night\'s Another Story
Something Corporate - Punk Rock Princess

Interviews:

Finch - Electronic Press Kit
The Starting Line - Making of \"Best of Me\" Video
Home Grown - Making of \"You\'re Not Alone\" video
New Found Glory - Making of \"Hit or Miss\" video

Home Videos:

Senses Fail - 187 (Their First Phone Interview Ever)
Steel Train - Alley Cat (Acoustic Performance)
The Early November - Just Enough (Acoustic Performance)
Something Corporate - Hurricane
Finch - Letters to You (Acoustic Performance)
Finch - Without you Here (Acoustic Performance)

& as Drive-Thru Put It:

PLUS: \"Live Footage filmed at various venues across the country (United States), Outtakes, backstage footage, Band Photos, and so much more... but there\'s not enough room on the back of this thing to even mention it!\"



My Personal Comments & Some General Info:
This is my first torrent ever, I bought this dvd years ago, it\'s been with me to Mexico, Kentucky, oh hell all over the place...

I was looking around online and did not see a SINGLE torrent for it anywhere, which I thought to myself was a shame. Many of the bands on this dvd are cult classics, now broken up, and Drive-Thru Records is on an indefinite hiatus. Before the Fueled By Ramen Records phenomenon, there was DRIVE-THRU, this label was one of the first independent labels to SUCCESSFULLY market all of their bands together.

They did long, hard, and grueling tour schedules with the bands on their roster, many of these bands left the record label shortly before breaking up, some of them still were legally obligated to keep a Drive-Thru Symbol on their discs for years after splitting with the label. This makes me wonder if the label was too hard on their bands, leaving them with scars or something...

I also have the 2nd Volume as well, and if this torrent gets enough people interested i it I may upload that one too.

As for the quality of the video Much of the DVD was filmed on the band\'s home video cameras, and by roadies and such so for shaky scenes in interviews you can\'t expect cinema quality, I did however up the audio quality of this rip as high as I could seeing as how it\'s all about the MUSIC on it. The Video quality is as good as it will ever get due to much of it being home recorded by the label & bands. I did try to make it as clear as possible without going overboard. The music Videos were my focus on getting it as clear as it needed to be. I have played it back on VLC and it looks the same quality as directly from the disc. The DVD is old school and fullscreen, I kept the ratios. I hope you enjoy it, as it has entertained me since 2002. Yeah I take good care of my belongings.