Documentary on the life of the venezuelan modernist artist Armando Reveron.
Reseeded from emule, originally seeded by Clan-Sudamérica.

Wiki: Armando Julio Reverón (May 10, 1889– September 18, 1954) was a modernist painter of the late 19th and early 20th century in Venezuela. Most of his work was inspired by the coast, landscape and people of Macuto, located in the central coast of Venezuela, and was characterized by his view and expression of the bright luminosity of the tropic. 

Director: Margot Benacerraf

Margot Benacerraf (born August 14, 1926) is a Venezuelan director born in the city of Caracas, but who made her studies of cinema in the city of Paris, getting to graduate as the IDHEC (Institut des hautes études cinématographiques). Both her two most known films are documentary films: Reverón, work that illustrates the life of this well-known Venezuelan painter Armando Reverón, and Araya, which portrays the day to day work of the workers of the salt mines of Araya, a city in the East of Venezuela. She has been a great collaborator of the Venezuelan cinema, getting to be founding from Nacional Film library in 1966, and getting to direct it by three years consecutive. Also participated in the Board of directors of Ateneo de Caracas, and in 1991, with the breath of the writer and patron of the Latin American cinema Gabriel García Márquez, created Latin Fundavisual, foundation in charge to promote the Latin American audio-visual art in Venezuela. Between the prizes and recognitions it is possible to emphasize that it is Araya which gained the Prize the International of the Critic of Cannes Film Festival in 1959 (Shared ex—aequo with Hiroshima Mon Amour of Alain Resnais). In addition, she has received several decorations among them National Prize of Cinema (1995), the Order Andrés Bello (in two occasions), the Simón Order Bolivar, Order of the Italian Government, Bernardo O’Higgins Order of the Government of Chile, among others. In February 1987, Ateneo de Caracas inaugurates a Room of Cinema with her name, which presents/displays works of art and test. At the present time the same form leaves from the distributor Circuito Gran Cine. —Wikipedia

See also:
