Style: Electric Texas Blues, Harmonica Blues
Recorded: 1999/2000
Released: 2000
Label: Radiola 
File: mp3@ 320kbps 
Size: 113.20 MB
Time: 49:01
Art: Front Cover

1. I Live Where The Action Is - 3:09 
2. I'll Be Your Fool - 4:55 
3. Pressure Cookin' - 2:58 
4. Jangle Jangle (Down Mexico Way) - 2:37 
5. Business Man - 4:20 
6. Moody Blues - 3:39 
7. Take Your Time - 2:59 
8. Hey Zydeco - 4:35 
9. Railroad Tracks - 3:47 
10. Laundromat Blues - 6:08 
11. Holman And Dowling - 4:28 
12. Screwdriver - 5:15

Personnel: Sonny Boy TERRY - Harmonica, Lead Vocals
Benny Brasket, Terry Dry - Bass
Kevin 'Snit' Fitzpatrick, Jimmy Rose - Drums
Bill Allison, Adam Burchfield - Guitars
Phil Marques - Piano, Hammond B3
with:
Joe 'Guitar' Hughes - Lead Guitar tr.10
Grady Gaines - Tenor Saxophone tr.6
Harry Sheppard - Vibraphone tr.7
Pierre Stoot - Accordion tr.8
Joe Lavergne - Rubboard tr.8


Sonny Boy Terry, widely considered to be Houston‚s top blues harmonica player. As for Terry Jerome, he picked up the harmonica more than 26 years ago while growing up in rural Ohio. When most of his friends were plunking away in garage bands on guitars, basses and drums, his father handed him a harmonica and he was hooked. Terry began listening to music in a different way, picking out harmonica riffs from songs while listening to Led Zeppelin, Little Feat, the Rolling Stones, Neil Young and Bob Dylan. In six months, Terry had almost mastered the harmonica. From his natural interest in harmonica Terry eventually gravitated towards blues. Terry thought about moving to Chicago in the early 1980s but the national recession had hit the city hard, and he steered clear of it. In need of a job, Terry looked to a friend in Houston for help. It didn't take long for Terry to begin performing in Texas, first in 1983 with the band T.C. and the Cannonballs. One year later he became a sideman in Jerry Lightfoot's Essential Blues Band + one of the only other respected white blues musicians in the Houston area. It was about the same time when he earned his nickname, 'Sonny Boy.' Terry said a local DJ named Bud Jackson introduced him as 'Sonny Boy' Terry at a Sunday blues jam at Fitzgerald‚s. When a Houston Chronicle music critic who was at the jam printed his name as Sonny Boy Terry, it stuck. Terry remained a sideman for another decade, playing alongside band leaders such as Kinney Abair, Jimmy Dotson and guitarist Joe Hughes. In 1995, Terry went solo, putting together a band with guitarist Bill Allison. Terry has since independently recorded two albums, 2000's 'Breakfast Dance' and a live recording at Houston‚s fabled Third Ward juke joint, Miss Ann‚s Playpen.
Debut solo recording from former Joe 'Guitar' Hughes sideman, Sonny Boy Terry delivers first rate harmonica with a little help from his friends. Sonny Boy Terry finds his muse in the rich but esoteric historical past and present of the Houston/gulf coast musical landscape. This album recaptures the traditional feel of historic Houston blues sensibilities with a wide-ranging set of classics and originals. Backed by a band including the best and brightest of the contemporary scene, as well as venerable veterans stars such as Joe 'Guitar' Hughes, saxist Grady Gaines and vibraphonist Harry Sheppard, the harmonica hero rekindles Houston's blues flame with superheated sessions that could have only been born in the Bayou City.


