[img]http://img375.imageshack.us/img375/829/criminalmindsj.jpg[/img]


Plot:

Criminal Minds lost problemen op rond het land. Dit team van elite FBI profilers analyse de meeste verdraaide criminale gedachten. Ze anticiperen hier op en reageren voor de volgende aanval is gebeurt. David Rossi (Joe Mantegna) komt terug van zijn pension om de Behavioral Analysis Unit terug te helpen. Deze unit geleidt bij Aaron Hotchner (Thomas Gibson) een familie man die capabele is om zijn mensen vertrouwen te winnen en het verkrijgen van al een geheimen. Ook in het team zitten Emily Prentiss (Paget Brewster) zij is de dochter van een ambassadrice en een verrassende toevoeging aan het team; Derek Morgan (Shemar Moore) een expert in dwangmatig crimineel gedrag; Dr. Spencer Reid (Matthew Gray Gubler) een klassiek voorbeeld van onbegrepen genie zijn sociaal IQ is zo laag als zijn intelligentie IQ hoog is. Ook is er Jennifer 'JJ' Jareau (A.J. Cook) een zelfverzekerde jonge agent, haar taak binnen het team is het uitzoeken van de zaken waar het team heen gaat zij verzorgt ook het contact met de verschillende bureaus. Dan is er nog Penelope Garcia (Kirsten Vangsness) zij helpt het team als geluid en beeld technicus. Elk team lid brengt zijn eigen expertise mee om de criminelen boven tafel te krijgen. Ze hebben allemaal hun eigen (emotionele) motivatie om de criminele tot een stop te brengen.


Seizoen 6:



Seizoen 6 Aflevering 1: The Longest Night
As The Prince of Darkness continues his murderous rampage across California, the BAU go after him to save Detective Spicer's daughter from him.
	


Seizoen 6 Aflevering 2: JJ
While trying to get two suspects to reveal what they've done with a missing woman, the BAU brace themselves for the loss of one of their own.
	


Seizoen 6 Aflevering 3: Remembrance of Things Past
The team is still adjusting to the loss of JJ from the unit, she who was transferred to the Department of Defense against her own wishes. The BAU's next case takes them to Bristol, Virginia, where young blond women are abducted from highly public locations. They are tortured and sodomized before being murdered by electrocution, their bodies dumped in a common location. They were forced to telephone a loved one to tell them of their impending death. This case is reminiscent of a sixteen year old cold case that Rossi worked on, the unsub of the cold case nicknamed the Butcher, who killed over a ten year period in the Bristol area. The primary difference between this new case and that of the Butcher is that the Butcher's victims were forced to say in their telephone calls that they enjoyed it. The BAU believe these new killings are the work of copycats, as they know there are two unsubs. Two of the major reasons they believe so is that the Butcher's profile had him as a narcissist who would not work with another, and had him as a then middle aged man who could now not physically abduct the young women due to his advanced age. But Rossi's gut feeling tells him that the Butcher is involved in these new killings. Rossi has to figure out how to reconcile the two sets of profiles.


	
Seizoen 6 Aflevering 4: Compromising Positions
The BAU travel to Akron, Ohio, where two sets of married couples have been murdered in the span of a week. The husbands, who had Viagra in their system but who were not prescribed the drug, were shot while the wives were stabbed. The couples were forced to have sex with the husband wearing a condom, before they were killed. In reviewing the crime scenes, Morgan and Prentiss determine that the unsub is not a sexual sadist as he was trying to set a romantic mood for the kills, and is compensating for a probable recent bout of impotence. In interviewing the victims' families, the team also determine that the husband is the key to the unsub's targets as stereotypical alpha male types. When the unsub hits a broader target, the team are only then able to figure out how the unsub is able to gain access to the victims without a struggle, and from where he has devolved. Meanwhile, Hotch is surprised by an applicant for the communications liaison job. Despite the applicant not being an obvious choice, Hotch gives the applicant a trial on this case with some surprising and not so surprising results.


	
Seizoen 6 Aflevering 5: Safe Haven
Two families consisting of a mother, father and two children are murdered in two consecutive days in the Iowa/Nebraska border area. The children are strangled, the mothers killed by blunt force trauma and the fathers stabbed multiple times. The father in the second set of murders was also eviscerated crudely postmortem, meaning that it was done not as torture but rather out of curiosity. The autopsies show that the mothers suffered the most pain in their deaths, making the BAU believe that the mothers are the key to the unsub's rage. In reviewing the crime scenes, the BAU come to the realization that the unsub was known to the victims and that he is a minor. As the BAU determine more about the unsub, including that he is a ward with a criminal record, the unsub is dealing with his next target, the Riverton family, its mother, Nancy Riverton who does her best to temper the inner rage of the unsub. Evidence at one of the earlier crime scenes leads the BAU to come to understand where the unsub is heading which if they get there in time may save both Nancy Riverton and the unsub's ultimate target. Meanwhile, Morgan receives an unexpected visitor from Los Angeles. While working on the case in Iowa and Nebraska, Morgan has to figure out what to do with his guest, both in the short term and the long term.
	


Seizoen 6 Aflevering 6: Devil's Night
The BAU go to Detroit to catch a man who burns his victims alive during the pre-Halloween celebration Devil's Night.
	


Seizoen 6 Aflevering 7: Middle Man
In separate incidents, three exotic dancers have been found dead in corn fields in Johnson County, Indiana. The women were abducted following their shift at work on a Friday night, and killed sometime at the end of the weekend on Sunday. The latest victim, Meredith Joy, had the DNA of two people under her fingernails, meaning that there are at least two unsubs. In reviewing the site where Meredith's body was found, Morgan and Rossi determine that there are probably three unsubs who are locals since they seem to know the area well. Another dancer, Stephanie Wilson, has just been determined missing, leaving the BAU less than two days to find the unsubs before she will be killed. As the BAU come up with profiles for the unsubs, Garcia finds an interesting connection of the case to the sheriff's office, Sheriff Salters with who the BAU have had a problematic relationship. Meanwhile, after the unsubs see reports of the murders on the television news, the true nature of their relationship is revealed.
	


Seizoen 6 Aflevering 8: Reflection of Desire
Twenty-something Kelly Landis, who has been missing for three days, is found dead in a back alley in Georgetown. Although the D.C. police don't connect her death to any other murders, they call in the BAU because of what was done to her: her lips were cut off. The unsub wants press on the murder as he sent a photograph of Kelly to one of the Georgetown area newspapers. The BAU believe the unsub to be local and that the police have already interviewed him. Based on finding a homeless man living at the crime scene, they determine that the unsub is the man who reported Kelly's murder and who at the time was masquerading as a homeless man. Text found at the crime scene which matches text found on a piece of paper stuffed down Kelly's throat, the three day time frame and the way Kelly was made up when she was found suggest that the unsub is working in some 1950's movie or stage play three act scenario. Another young woman, Penny Hanley, is also determined to be missing and based on their information, the BAU and D.C. police have only one more day to find the unsub before Penny will be killed. Meanwhile, Garcia inadvertently exposes a little of her personal life to the team, a part which she wanted kept to herself. Despite Garcia's wishes, Hotch uses this part of her life to try and flush out the unsub.
	


Seizoen 6 Aflevering 9: Into the Woods
When an 8-year-old is found murdered on the Appalachian Trail, the BAU team goes deep into its forests in search of a man lurking in the wilderness who is targeting children.


	
Seizoen 6 Aflevering 10: What Happens at Home
The BAU searches inside a gated New Mexico community for a killer targeting women, and Hotchner looks to an FBI cadet with a unique past for help with the investigation.



Meer zien? Kijk dan op - http://hetmultimediacafe.nl/index.php

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs