DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Internet Crimes, Torts and Scams: Investigation and Remedies helps attorneys understand the increasing range of illegal and malicious internet activity and a similarly expanding number of response or enforcement options. Reflecting a "real-world" dynamic, the book is problem-oriented and cuts across many practice areas including intellectual property enforcement, libel, third-party liability, forensics, and global jurisdictional issues. It will aid practitioners who need to identify not only the type of problem a client faces but how to investigate and best respond to protect a client's interests in any given situation. 

In Internet Crimes, Torts and Scams, Melise Blakeslee draws upon her extensive experience investigating and litigating internet-based legal problems to produce a unique and accessible book for any attorney advising a client on internet-related risks. Topics covered in this comprehensive text include: investigation techniques such as how to interpret email headers, global jurisdiction, investigation of counterfeiters, intellectual property, the problems of anonymity on the Internet, and preparation of complaints. Also included are extensive appendices, including ICANN complaints, motions, a list of online resources, and guidelines for the seizure of electronic evidence.




Summary: Excellent book
Rating: 5

This is an excellent book for any legal professional looking to learn about crimes perpetrated on the Internet and ways to investigate and resolve client issues. The book covers basic investigation techniques, jurisdictional issues, intellectual property, freedom of expression, electronic evidence, and forensics and experts. The concepts in the book are explained clearly and thoroughly and each chapter has numerous practice tips and real world examples. If you are looking to learn about Internet crimes and gain practical knowledge on how to effectively protect your client online, this book is a must have reference tool.