Dragon Saga (Dragonica Online)  PRIVATE SERVER
reales date: 2010
category: fantasy mmo
Gravity Interactive


Description:
Dragon Saga is a unique, 3D side-scrolling MMORPG that closely resembles arcade classics like Gauntlet Legends, as well as PC Action MMORPGs like GhostX or Dungeon Fighter Online. The game used to be called Dragonica Online and was published by THQ, but since Gravity Interactive took over the service ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ they renamed the game to Dragon Saga. In some parts of the world the game is still called Dragonica Online. Those that are tired of  traditional side scrolling games like MapleStory and Wind Slayer should find that Dragon Saga is genuinely different gaming experience; and a fun one at that. Dragon Saga is one of the best free-to-play titles of 2009, so make sure to check it out. The gameΓΓé¼Γäós four starting classes are:

Warrior - Warriors are the traditional ΓΓé¼╦£tankΓΓé¼Γäó class in Dragon Saga. They have a large pool of hit points and are effective in melee combat but have little ranged damage.

Thief ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Thieves, like in most games, are proficient at dealing damage and rely on their agility to attack rapidly in combat. Even though they can deal large amounts of damage they are vulnerable in melee combat as they have donΓΓé¼Γäót have nearly as many hit points as a warrior.

Magician - The Magician in Dragon Saga is the basic spell caster of the game.  They have both supportive and offensive spells and can better specialize after their first job advancement. They are extremely weak in melee range as they have the least hit points in the game.

Archer ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ The archer class in Dragon Saga is proficient with both bow weapons and can deal a fair amount of damage from a distance but is vulnerable in melee range. They have more hit points than a Magician but less than a Warrior.

Minimum Requirements:
OS: Windows XP / Vista
CPU: Pentium 4 1.6 GHz / AMD XP 2500+ or better
RAM: 512 MB or more
HDD: 2 GB Free
Graphics Card: GeForce2, ATI X300, Geforce 5500/6200/7300 or better

Recommended Specifications:
OS: Windows Vista / XP
CPU: Pentium 4 2.4 GHz
RAM: 1024 MB (1 GB)
HDD: 2 GB Free
Graphics Card: GeForce2 FX5700
  
http://lavalondr.com/ reg and oficial page


all info belongs www.mmohut.com		