LT1.9 REQUIRED!!!
DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE UPDATED TO THE LATEST FIRMWARE!!!
IF YOU ARE ASKED TO UPDATE AND YOUR NOT RUNNING LT1.9 STOP THE GAME!!!

[img]http://www.pix2links.com/image/3aTNz.jpg[/img]

In Ben 10: Galactic Racing, the first and only racing game based on the popular Ben 10 television series on Cartoon Network, fans will enjoy a Ben 10 multiplayer experience like never before in a galactic grand prix filled with surprises at every turn.

Ben 10: Galactic Racing features over 25 exhilarating and challenging tracks that change route mid-race and is spread across five massive planets from the Ben 10 universe.

Play as either Ben, Kevin or choose from 13 fan-favourite aliens and equip them in more than 30 unique karts. Ben 10: Galactic Racing presents the ultimate racing experience this fall, where every character has a special ability to utilize on the race track and even Ben can transform into different aliens mid-race!

Become a champion in a galactic grand prix race! Select a character and compete against opponents in a circuit of action-packed, high-speed races in increasingly challenging tracks filled with offensive and defensive pick-ups, where players earn awards along the way.

Enjoy a Ben 10 multiplayer experience like never before: The first Ben 10 racing game ever will allow players to compete against up to three friends to become the champion racer.

Race as your favorite characters: Players can race as Ben, who can transform into aliens mid-race by picking up special power-ups, or as other characters from the Ben 10 universe, each of which can use a super charged, race-changing ultimate move themed to that character's abilities.

Fun and challenging grand prix tracks: Players can burn rubber on more than 25 distinct race tracks, which include extreme courses that shift mid-race, on five massive planets. Players can also choose from more than 30 karts, some based on vehicles seen in the Ben 10 series, and others are available as special unlockables.

Original storyline with an exceptional level of authenticity: The game is based on the phenomenally-successful and Emmy award-winning Cartoon Network original animated Ben 10 series and the game's art style, sound effects and music are 100% authentic to the show.
