Many Canadian music fans would argue that during the punk and new wave eras, Vancouver was the home of the best Canadian bands, and the compilation Last Call provides pretty compelling evidence.

Early tracks from the punk school, including the bands D.O.A. and the Subhumans are included, as well as new wave acts like the Modernettes. Disc two leans more towards the "alternative" era, which still featured punk-oriented acts like Nomeansno (who were technically from Victoria, but it's close enough for punk) and Slow, but also included more pop fare in the form of bands like Oversoul Seven. These aren't the only touch points, however, with forays into hardcore, folk, surf, and more.

A few things are of particular note on this compilation: first, the inclusion of an early track by 54.40, who would go on to become one of Canada's most enduring pop acts. Secondly, a mini-Art Bergmann overview, featuring his early work with the bands Young Canadians (who do the classic "Hawaii"), Los Popularos, and Poisoned, who went on to be his backup band when he started performing under his own name.

There are also a number of performers here who would go on to other things: David Wisdom of U-J3RK5 would later become a late-night host on the CBC, and Bob Rock, who produced many of these early punk classics later became a big-name heavy metal producer for acts like Van Halen and Metallica. Though some of the tracks are more forgettable than others, there are enough lost classics here (Slow being the most notable) to make the album a must-have for anyone who lived through this era, even if you were from Toronto at the time.

Label:Zulu Records 
Catalog#:ZULU 5-2 
Format:2 × CD, Compilation 
Country:Canada 
Released:Nov 1991 
Genre:Rock 
Style:New Wave, Punk 


Tracklist:
Disc 1
What Do You Want Me To Be (Furies)
Fucked Up Baby (Skulls)
Disco Sucks (D.O.A.)
Fuck You (Stiffs)
I Wanna Be A Girl (Generators)
I Don't Love You (Dishrags)
Nothing Holding You (Active Dog)
I Don't Give A Shit (BIZ)
New Clientele (Shades)
Real Thing (Pointed Sticks)
Science Fiction (Private School)
Slave To My Dick (Subhumans)
Hawaii (Young Canadians)
Divided By Three (Female Hands)
Eisenhower & The Hippies (U-J3RK5)
Barbra (Modernettes)
Off The Deep End (Insex)
634 Dog (AKA)
Waiting For The Drugs To Take Hold (Secret V's)
Seen A Fight (Tim Ray)
Shame I Feel (Corsage)
Synchronized Swimming (Popular Front)
Yank (54-40)
Mystery Movie (Scissors)
Can't Come Back (Los Popularos)
Music Is Your Body (Moral Lepers)
Teenage Barnacle (Enigmas)
Party Dog (Actionauts)


Disc 2
The Crush (Family Plot)
Self-Pity (NoMeansNo)
Work Song (The Work Party)
Inevitable (Bolero Lava)
Edge (I, Braineater)
Just Another Day (Go Four 3)
Learning To Live (Animal Slaves)
Happy Man (Brilliant Orange)
Have Not Been The Same (Slow)
American Desert (Shanghai Dog)
Be Like Us (No Fun)
Bone Of Contention (Cannon Heath Down)
Evil Town (Lost Durangos)
Dirty Ol' Town (Herald Nix)
To Tell The Truth (Poisoned)
Talk To The Birds (Bob's Your Uncle)
King Blood (Rhythm Mission)
Solitary Man (Scramblers)
1 + 1 is 3 (Oversoul Seven)
Darker Than This (The Hip Type)

