

These stills were given to me by Paul May, who owns the Beta-Max master of this very rare film from the MOB RULES tour. The footage was meant to be used as a Warner Brothers promotional film and contains a time code on the bottom of the screen (which has been cropped for these samples). The complete reel is 28 minutes long and is actually silent, except for the last 5 minutes or so when the opening of "Heaven And Hell" is performed. The rest of the audio track is dubbed sound from the LIVE EVIL album. The perfect sync on "Heaven And Hell" indicates that the album track more than likely originated from these shows. The reels are somewhat fragmentary, so there are not any complete songs, just a series of shots ranging from wide to extremely close-up.



You can download complete MPEG-1 versions of these reels below! These are large downloads (20-50 MB per file), so a broadband internet connection is recommended!
Part 1 Part 2 Part 3
Part 4 Part 5
"Heaven And Hell" [unused promo with synched sound]
"Heaven And Hell" [version 2 - no WB watermark; synched by Sean B.C.]
Teaser footage from forthcoming LIVE EVIL bootleg DVD

In addition to the footage above, there are also two other reels of footage from this show. Reel #2 has a running time of 19 minutes and includes the following songs: "Iron Man" ,"E5150", "Neon Knights" (part of), "N.I.B." and "Children of the Sea" (Cuts). Reel #3 is 31 minutes long and includes: "Heaven & Hell", "Iommi Solo", "The Sign of the Southern Cross", "Voodoo", "Black Sabbath". There is also 8mm silent audience footage from Greensboro, NC - 2/16/82 and San Antonio, TX - 5/13/82 in existence, but both are extremely rare. The only known complete film (with sound) from this tour is a fair audience film from the Hammersmith Odeon in London - 1/2/82.
The Live Evil album was actually compiled from recordings the band did at the Dallas, San Antonio and Seattle (4/24/82) shows, so it makes sense that they would have done filming here as well.
As of summer 2003, a Russian bootleg company has been advertising a forthcoming LIVE EVIL DVD-R release. You can view the trailer for this above. It appears to be an an audio-synched version of these Texas films. It's my hope that this will contain ALL of the known reels from San Antonio and Dallas.
I've received a great deal of mail regarding these films, so it's my hope that everyone will enjoy viewing these long closeted rarities. A million thanks tp everyone who helped make this feature possible - Shigeru Sato, Paul May, Sean Big Canoe and Alexander Rack