PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: C52A4ECDAA058B1C9EC8ECD536CBE620ADE2ECAC
File Size: 958.32 MB
Year: 2005
Label: Stax Records
Catalog #: 3SCD 88043-2



Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Isaac Lee Hayes, Jr. (August 20, 1942 – August 10, 2008) [1] was an American songwriter, musician, singer, and occasionally an actor. Hayes was one of the creative geniuses behind the southern soul music label Stax Records, where he served both as an in-house songwriter and as a record producer, teaming with his partner David Porter during the mid-1960s. Hayes, Porter, Bill Withers, the Sherman Brothers, Steve Cropper, and John Fogerty were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2005 in recognition of writing scores of notable songs for themselves, the duo "Sam & Dave", Carla Thomas, and others.

The hit song "Soul Man" written by Hayes and Porter, and first performed by "Sam & Dave" has been recognized as one of the most influential songs of the past 50 years by the Grammy Hall of Fame. This song was also honored by The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, by Rolling Stone magazine, and by the RIAA as the Songs of the Century.

During the late 1960s, Hayes also became a recording musician, and he recorded several successful soul albums such as Hot Buttered Soul (1969) and Black Moses (1971). In addition to his work in popular music, Hayes worked as composer of musical scores for motion pictures.

Hayes is well known for his musical score for the film Shaft (1971). For his composition of the Theme from Shaft, Hayes was awarded the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1972. Other than such distinguished actors as Sidney Poitier and Hattie McDaniel, Hayes became the first African-American to win an Academy Award in any field whatsoever covered by Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Hayes also won two Grammy Awards for that same year. Later, he was given his third Grammy Award for his music album Black Moses.

During 1992, in recognition of his humanitarian work there, Hayes was crowned as the honorary king of the Ada, Ghana region. Hayes also acted in motion pictures and television, such as in the movie, I'm Gonna Git You Sucka. Then from 1997 to 2005, he lent his distinctive, deep voice to the character "Chef" on the animated TV series South Park, and also to Gandolf "Gandy" Fitch in the TV series The Rockford Files (1974 – 80).

On August 5, 2003, Isaac Hayes was honored as a BMI Icon at the 203 BMI Urban Awards for his enduring influence on generations of music makers.[2] Throughout his songwriting career, Hayes received five BMI R&B Awards, two BMI Pop Awards, two BMI Urban Awards and six Million-Air citations. As of 2008, his songs generated more than 12 million performances. 








Can You Dig It 2005


In the early to mid-1960s, Isaac Hayes played a seminal role in creating the nascent sound of soul music. Yet, as monumental as his early contributions were, they are dwarfed by the impact of such solo albums as Hot Buttered Soul, Shaft,and Black Moses, all released on the now legendary and highly influential Stax Records label between 1969 and 1975. 

Compiled and annotated by Stax biographer Rob Bowman, Ultimate Isaac Hayes ― Can You Dig It? is a 2-CD collection of seminal recordings from this period in Hayes’s career, a time when he redefined the sonic possibilities of black music with tracks like “Walk on By,” “Never Can Say Goodbye,” “Joy (part 1),” “Soulsville,” and “Theme from Shaft.” Hayes would become the most successful artist Stax ever produced, opening the album market as a commercially viable medium for black artists, and one of the most important musicians in the history of R&B.

In stores November 1, Ultimate Isaac Hayes ― Can You Dig It? includes a bonus DVD featuring three live tracks from Wattstax, a 1972 concert held at the Coliseum in L.A. to raise money for a variety of community needs and to commemorate the 1965 Watts rebellion. Also available is an animation of the modern-funk masterpiece “Chocolate Salty Balls” from Comedy Central’s hit series “South Park.” As his role of Chef, Hayes is the voice of reason and the administrator of cool amongst the misadventures of Kyle, Kenny, Stan, and Cartman. 

Hayes was coaxed into the studio by Stax Records in 1968 to cut Presenting Isaac Hayes (its lead single, “Precious, Precious,” included on Ultimate Isaac Hayes, was edited down from an 18-minute jazz-tinged funk vamp). The platinum-selling Hot Buttered Soul followed and attracted attention for combining jazz improvisation, classically-influenced strings, rock guitar, ballad singing, and R&B rhythm. The Jimmy Webb penned “By the Time I Get to Phoenix,” Bacharach & David’s “Walk on By,” and a 9-minute Hayes original called  “Hyperbolicsyllabicsesquedalymistic,” from that recording are featured on this new collection.

The Isaac Hayes Movement and To Be Continued came next,and then, in 1971, Hayes was commissioned to write the score for Gordon Parks’s Shaft, one of the first so-called “blaxploitation” flicks. The resulting double album and the “Theme from Shaft” single were directly responsible for kick-starting disco and the phenomenon of the black soundtrack. The Shaft album went to #1 on both the pop and R&B album charts, staying on the pop listings for a staggering 60 weeks. Shaft earned Hayes both Academy and GRAMMY® Awards, and solidified his position as an African-American icon (Hayes’s soundtracks for two more movies, Three Tough Guys and Truck Turner, are also represented on the CD).

For his next Stax recording, Black Moses, Hayes returned to covering other people’s songs, including “Part Time Love,” “Need to Belong to Someone,” and “For the Good Times,” the lone exception being “Good Love,” co-written with trumpeter Mickey Gregory. In March 1972, Hayes released an instrumental cover of Al Green’s “Let’s Stay Together.” A month later he reunited with former songwriting partner David Porter, releasing a 45 of “Ain’t That Loving You Baby,” a Homer Banks–Allen Jones song, with a cover of Bread’s fall 1971 smash “Baby I’m-A Want You” on the B-side. All are included on Ultimate Isaac Hayes ― Can You Dig It?

Later in 1972, Hayes performed at Reverend Jesse Jackson’s annual PUSH EXPO at Chicago’s International Amphitheater. Three previously unreleased tracks from Isaac’s show-closing performance are included on Ultimate Isaac Hayes. Kenny Gamble and Thom Bell’s “Brand New Me,” Luther Ingram’s “If Loving You Is Wrong (I Don’t Want to Be Right),” and Isaac’s heartfelt performance of the old Baptist hymn “His Eye Is on the Sparrow.”

The following year, Hayes focused on writing his own music. Ultimate Isaac Hayes features 13 tracks recorded between 1973 and 1975, and all but two are original compositions. Significantly, one of the exceptions, the set-closing medley of “By the Time I Get to Phoenix/Say a Little Prayer,” is a live concert recording with Dionne Warwick. The other track is Isaac’s cover of Henry Glover’s “Someone Made You for Me,” originally released as the B-side of his last hit for the Stax label, “Wonderful.”

In the mid-1970s, Hayes negotiated a deal with ABC Records to create the Hot Buttered Soul label. The two singles from the debut HBS album, “Chocolate Chip” and “Come Live with Me,” both went Top 20 R&B and are both featured on Ultimate Isaac Hayes. Three further HBS singles, “Disco Connection,” “Rock Me Easy Baby (Part 1),” and the aforementioned duet with Dionne Warwick, “By the Time I Get to Phoenix/I Say a Little Prayer” (all included here in their single edits), all reached the R&B chart.

In 2002, Isaac Hayes was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Universally recognized as a ground-breaking figure in mainstream R&B, soul and black music, some of Hayes’s most important work comes from his time spent recording for the Stax family of labels. Ultimate Isaac Hayes ― Can You Dig It? is an essential anthology and historically significant collection from one of music history’s most innovative artists.



Tracks: 


CD 1


1.	Theme from Shaft
2.	Precious, Precious
3.	Hyperbolicsyllabicsesquedalymistic
4.	Ain’t That Loving You (For More Reasons Than One)
5.	Never Can Say Goodbye
6.	By the Time I Get to Phoenix
7.	Soulsville
8.	Wonderful
9.	Help Me Love
10.	Need to Belong to Someone
11.	Good Love
12.	The Look of Love
13.	Do Your Thing
14.	For the Good Times
15.	I Stand Accused


CD 2 


1.	Walk on By
2.	Joy (part 1)
3.	His Eye Is on the Sparrow
4.	Brand New Me
5.	If Loving You Is Wrong (I Don’t Want to Be Right)
6.	Someone Made You for Me
7.	Baby I’m-A Want You
8.	Let’s Stay Together
9.	Theme from The Men
10.	I Can’t Help It (If I’m Still in Love With You)
11.	Title Theme (from Three Tough Guys)
12.	Run Fay[“Fay” on CD] Run
13.	Chocolate Chip
14.	Come Live With Me
15.	Disco Connection
16.	Rock Me Easy Baby (part 1)
17.	Medley (with Dionne Warwick): By the Time I Get to Phoenix / I Say a Little Prayer




Enjoy :)
