
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51sknvKJVDL._SS500_.jpg


Title: Colour by Numbers [Remastered]
Artist: Culture Club
Audio CD (June 29, 1992) 
Original Release Date: 1983 
Number of Discs: 1 
Genre: New Wave
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Karma Chameleon
02. It's a Miracle
03. Black Money
04. Changing Every Day
05. That's the Way (I'm Only Trying to Help You)
06. Church of the Poison Mind
07. Miss Me Blind
08. Mister Man
09. Stormkeeper
10. Victims
11. Man-Shake
12. Mystery Boy (Suntori Hot Whiskey Song)
13. Melting Pot
14. Colour By Numbers
15. Romance Revisited


Allmusic Review:
Colour by Numbers was Culture Club's most successful album, and, undoubtedly, one of the most popular albums from the 1980s. Scoring no less than four U.S. hit singles (and five overseas), this set dominated the charts for a full year, both in the United States and in Europe. The songs were infectious, the videos were all over MTV, and the band was a media magnet. Boy George sounded as warm and soulful as ever, but one of the real stars on this set was backing vocalist Helen Terry, who really brought the house down on the album's unforgettable first single, "Church of the Poison Mind." This album also featured the band's biggest (and only number one) hit, the irresistibly catchy "Karma Chameleon," its more rock & roll Top Five follow-up "Miss Me Blind," and the fourth single (and big club hit), "It's a Miracle" (which also featured Helen Terry's unmistakable belting). Also here are "Victims," a big, dark, deep, and bombastic power ballad that was a huge hit overseas but never released in the U.S., and other soulful favorites such as "Black Money" and "That's the Way (I'm Only Trying to Help You)," where Boy George truly flexed his vocal muscles. In the 1980s music was, in many cases, flamboyant, fun, sexy, soulful, colorful, androgynous, and carefree, and this album captured that spirit perfectly. A must for any collector of 1980s music, and the artistic and commercial pinnacle of a band that still attracted new fans years later. 
 
