The Tubes
The Completion Backward Principle


Label: Capitol
Released: 1981
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 262 MB
Format: FLAC





"We're Here Because You're There"

That quote was part of the original album's liner notes, and it pretty much sums up The Tubes' general attitude. They were irreverent and shocking, with enough playing chops to keep those in the know interested in the music. Put that with the live show that get them banned from numerous venues (in their early days), and you had a band that seemed to be perennially on the brink of making it big. But The Tubes also spent just a little too much time being weird to climb all the way to chartland. "The Completion Backward Principle" saw them almost making it yet again, as David Foster did his best to smooth out the jarring edges and polish the band even more than Todd Rundgren did on "Remote Control." The Tubes did their part by writing some tunes that sounded absolutely Toto-ish, if Toto ever contemplated amnesia, schizophrenia and late night B-Movies as song fodder.
The buff job paid off, with The Tubes' first across the board Album Radio hit, the tough strutting but uncharacteristic "Talk To You Later." The band then hit late night TV and began showing up in swim flippers performing "Sushi Girl" in a wading pool from the stage of the Tonight Show. Radio took notice and the ballad "Don't Want To Wait Anymore" snuck into the lower reaches of the Top 40. Fortunately, Foster wasn't completely able to tame these yahoos. "Attack Of The Fifty Foot Woman" was sci-fi silly in a manner that only The Tubes could make credible, and the punchy "Mr. Hate" was the confrontation of a shattering personality that the band executed perfectly on stage. "TCBWP" is likely The Tubes' most consistent album musically, although it was too slickly overproduced, and the band never regained their experimental edge after this (unless you count the second half of "Love Bomb").



Personnel


Bill Spooner (guitar), 
Fee Waybill (lead vocals), 
Rick Anderson (bass), 
Mike Cotten (synth), 
Roger Steen (guitar), 
Vince Welnick (keys),  
Prairie Prince (drums).



Track Listing

1.   Talk To Ya Later 
2.   Let's Make Some Noise 
3.   Matter Of Pride  
4.   Mr. Hate  
5.   Attack Of The Fifty Foot Woman  
6.   Think About Me  
7.   Sushi Girl   
8.   Don't Want To Wait Anymore 
9.   Power Tools  
10.  Amnesia 
