The Devil and Daniel Webster (1941) 

The Devil and Daniel Webster is a 1941 fantasy film, adapted by Stephen Vincent Benét and Dan Totheroh from Benét's short story, "The Devil and Daniel Webster". The film's title was changed to All That Money Can Buy to avoid confusion with another film released by RKO that year, The Devil and Miss Jones, and later had the title restored on some prints. It has also been released under the titles Mr. Scratch, Daniel and the Devil and Here Is a Man. The film stars Edward Arnold, Walter Huston, and James Craig. It was directed by William Dieterle. A 19th Century New Hampshire farmer who makes a compact with the Devil for economic success enlists Daniel Webster to extract him from his contract. 

Synopsis

In 1840, in the town of Cross Corners, New Hampshire, the words of Massachusetts senator Daniel Webster stir the farmers to organize a Grange movement to defend against the loan sharks threatening their lands. One victim of the creditors is Jabez Stone, who is in danger of losing his farm to Miser Stevens unless he can raise the money to pay his mortgage. When, in a moment of despair, Jabez offers to sell his soul to the devil, Mr. Scratch strolls out of the mist and offers the farmer seven years of prosperity in exchange for his soul. Jabez accepts the bargain, and the devil sears the date 7 Apr 1847 into a tree to commemorate their contract. With his newly found wealth, Jabez pays Stevens, purchases supplies and lends money to his fellow farmers to buy seed. When Webster comes to town, dogged by Mr. Scratch, Jabez delivers a speech in support of the politician, thus winning acclaim from the townsfolk. After his wife Mary becomes pregnant, Jabez tries to chop down the ominous tree, but Scratch warns him that that would constitute a breach of contract and invokes a hailstorm that destroys all the crops except Jabez's. The farmers begin to resent Jabez when he offers to pay them to harvest his crops, but destitute, they accept his wages. On the night of the harvest dance, Jabez's son is born and christened Daniel after his godfather, Daniel Webster. The birth is followed by the arrival of Belle, Scratch's bewitching emissary, who claims to be the baby's new nurse. Seven years pass, during which time Jabez has come to value only money, prompting Mary to visit Webster and confide her unhappiness. Webster offers to speak to Jabez and accompanies Mary to Cross Corners, arriving on the night that Jabez has planned an ostentacious party to flaunt his luxurious new house. While Jabez awaits his guests, the farmers air their grievances about him to Webster. Mary, who is still living in their modest old homestead with Jabez's mother, attends the party and is confronted by Belle, who commands her to leave. Stevens is the next arrival, and he sorrowfully confides to Jabez that he, too, shares a pact with Scratch. Belle's otherworldly guests then arrive, followed by Webster, who lectures Jabez about taking advantage of the farmers. After Jabez angrily orders both Mary and Webster from his house, Scratch appears with the soul of Stevens neatly encompassed by his kerchief. When Scratch offers to extend Jabez's contract in exchange for his son, the farmer scurries after Webster and pleads for his help. Webster agrees to defend Jabez against the devil, and they return to the barn to meet Scratch at the midnight deadline. At twelve o'clock, Scratch appears and Webster argues that Jabez, as an American citizen, has the right to a jury trial. Scratch consents, but insists upon choosing the jury, summoning Captain Kidd, Benedict Arnold, Simon Girty and nine other traitors. Justice Hawthorne of the Salem witch trials allows Webster to argue his case on the condition that he surrender his soul to the devil if he loses. In Jabez's defense, Webster appeals to the jury's Americanism and their belief in its principle of freedom and suggests that they forfeited their freedom to the devil. Webster concludes that they may redeem some of their lost freedom by pardoning Jabez. Webster wins his case, and as the jury tears up Jabez's contract with the devil, the new house bursts into flames. After Mary and Jabez embrace, Jabez forgives the farmers' debts and joins the Grange. With his deal with Jabez overturned, Scratch turns his sights toward the audience.

Cast & Crew

William Dieterle Director
Edward Arnold as Daniel Webster
Walter Huston as Mr. Scratch
Jane Darwell as Ma Stone
Simone Simon as Belle
Gene Lockhart as Squire Slossum
John Qualen as Miser Stevens
H. B. Warner as Justice Hawthorne
Frank Conlan as Sheriff
Lindy Wade as Daniel Stone
George Cleveland as Cy Bibber
Anne Shirley as Mary Stone

Release Date 17 Oct 1941
Production Dates 25 Mar--late Apr 1941 28 May--11 Jun 1941
Alternate Title(s) - A Certain Mr. Scratch, Daniel and the Devil, The Devil and Daniel Webster
Duration (in mins) 85 or 100 or 109 or 112
Premiere Information San Francisco premiere: 29 Oct 1941
Distribution Company RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
Production Company RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. Company: William Dieterle


NY TIMES Movie Review The Devil and Daniel Webster (1941) Published: October 17, 1941

' All That Money Can Buy,' a New England Legend, at the Music Hall -- 

By BOSLEY CROWTHER

Out of that charming folk story, "The Devil and Daniel Webster," by Stephen Vincent Benet, William Dieterle and a corps of associates have drawn their inspiration for a pleasantly provocative and slyly humorous film entitled "All That Money Can Buy," which went on view at the Music Hall yesterday. By all the signs and portents, it should be one of the best pictures of the year, for it has virtually everything in the way of cast and story that RKO could afford; it transcends the ordinary confines of the realistic film and climbs into the realm of free-thought fantasy, which should be most congenial to the screen. And it treats upon a theme of human destiny, which all of us are thinking about these days.

Perhaps you remember the story. Originally it was a simple fireside tale—a sort of American Faust legend, homespun in the hard New England hills. But Mr. Dieterle and his script writers, Dan Totheroh and Mr. Benet, have dressed it up a lot. Now the story tells of Jabez Stone, a poor New Hampshire farmer back a hundred years ago, who sold his soul to the devil—or to a certain Mr. Scratch—for the benefit of enjoying seven years of wealth and luxury. But the money which he has in abundance and all that money can buy do not bring him happiness. He becomes stingy and mean. He forsakes his wife and baby for a woman from "over the mountain"—a handmaid of Mr. Scratch.

Finally, at the end of seven years, when the devil comes around to collect, Jabez tries to breach the contract. He prevails upon his friend, Daniel Webster, to plead with the devil for his soul. And at last, in a trial before a jury of the shades of twelve notorious American rogues, Webster so eloquently espouses the right of all men to the freedom of their souls that the jury accepts the contention and Jabez is loosed from his bond.

This, we say, should be the substance of an extraordinary film. It is not. For Mr. Dieterle has failed to bring into related focus before our eyes that which is supposed to be real and that which is supernatural. The illusion of imaginative release is not properly created, so that one is likely to be confused by the constant interplay of shadow and substance without any explanations "The Devil and Daniel Webster" was a tall story which occurred in some one's mind: "All That Money Can Buy" occurs upon a screen, in full sight, which is quite different.

Neither has Mr. Dieterle the "feel" of New England in his film. The sets are too obviously artificial; the fields and hills are mostly painted backdrops. This is one picture which should have been shot against the solid New Hampshire earth. And the characters, too, should be more convincingly bound to the soil. Walter Huston as Mr. Scratch is excellent. He gives the devil his due, and makes the old boy a wily, smooth, genial and thoroughly charming old rogue. Edward Arnold, too, is solid and sincere as Daniel Webster. But James Craig is much too handsome and hysterical for a flinty New Hampshire farmer. Anne Shirley, Jane Darwell, Gene Lockhart, John Qualen, Frank Conlan and other "natives" are too reminiscent of themselves in other roles. And Simone Simon as the girl from "over the mountain" is completely out of key.

"The Devil and Daniel Webster" should have made into a fine, simple film. It should never have been elaborated out of proportion to its original modest frame. It should have been told as a fireside story without a lot of sounding brass. And it should have been directed by some one who understood New England.


ALL THAT MONEY CAN BUY; screen play by Dan Totheroh and Stephen Vincent Benet; based on the story, "The Devil and Daniel Webster," by Stephen Vincent Benet; produced and directed by William Dieterle and released through RKO-Radio Pictures. At the Radio City Music Hall.
Daniel Webster . . . . . Edward Arnold
Mr. Scratch . . . . . Walter Huston
Ma Stone . . . . . Jane Darwell
Belle . . . . . Simone Simon
Squire Slossum . . . . . Gene Lockhart
Miser Stevens . . . . . John Qualen
Justice Hawthorne . . . . . H. B. Warner
Jabez Stone . . . . . James Craig
Mary Stone . . . . . Anne Shirley
Sheriff . . . . . Frank Conlan
Daniel Stone . . . . . Lindy Wade
Cy Bibber . . . . . George Cleveland

 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6003960/The_American_Religion_Defined_In_The_Declaration_of_Independence