Kane and Lynch:Dead Men

Tense and unpredictable experience: This is the violent and chaotic journey of two men: a flawed mercenary and a medicated psychopath. Each hates the other but must work together to save themselves and possibly the ones they love. Play Kane in single-player mode and either character in two-player co-op mode.
Violence erupts in meticulously created “safe” worlds:  Realistic and responsive environments and crowds react when events get of out control. Crowded nightclubs and calm bank offices become scenes of sudden terror.  Manipulate the environments and crowds strategically to complete objectives.
Wide variety of intense 3rd person game play: Rappel from buildings, firing on the run or from moving vehicles, launch surprise attacks, lay down cover fire, and shoot blind from around corners, hurl smoke, tear, and incendiary grenades.
Fast and intuitive combat: Lead a crew of criminal mercenaries to increase your chance of surviving and reaching your goals. You can also fight alone as your crew AI will automatically draw fire, throw grenades, lay down cover, and engage in close combat with their own signature moves.

The game opens with a voiceover of Adam \'Kane\' Marcus, reading a letter from his daughter Jenny. Kane is traveling to death row after being convicted of manslaughter. Another death row inmate, James Seth Lynch, lets on there will be a breakout. Their truck is involved in a head-on collision by a group of mercenaries. The two are taken to a construction site, where they are confronted by four members of a gang of criminals called The7, led by The Brothers and their henchmen Carlos (a close friend of Kane) and Mute. They accuse Kane of stealing money from them, and reveal that they have taken his wife and daughter hostage. Kane is given three weeks to retrieve the money, or his wife and daughter will be killed.
After meeting The7, police officers arrive and the two are forced to shoot their way out of the construction site. Later, Kane explains that he did not steal from The7, but knows who did, and where they hid it. Kane and Lynch rob a local bank, where the money is being kept. Though only half of the money is inside the safe, Kane believes he knows where the other half is. Meanwhile, Lynch, who suffers from periodic episodes of violent psychosis, blacks out and kills all of the hostages after his medication wears off, forcing Kane and Lynch to shoot their way out and flee in a van driven by their getaway driver. Losing the police in the subway after the van crashes, Kane informs Lynch that they need to go to Tokyo to retrieve the other half of the money.
In Tokyo, the pair go after Retomoto, a Japanese crime lord, by kidnapping his daughter Yoko as ransom. While Kane negotiates with Retomoto over the phone, Lynch accidentally shoots and kills Yoko while trying to stop her from escaping. Kane, Lynch and The7\'s hired guns then proceed to escape from Retomoto\'s hitmen. Kane is furious with Lynch, but he soon realizes that they are out of time, and must return to The7 with only half of the stolen money.
Lynch reveals to Kane that he made a deal with The7 to ensure his survival as well as a position within The7, but he is betrayed and knocked unconscious at the construction site where Kane and his family are to be executed. Kane\'s plea for extra time is denied, as The Brothers and Carlos depart for Havana, leaving Mute to carry out the deed. Kane\'s wife expresses her disgust with Kane but is executed by Mute before he has a chance to speak to her as promised. Regaining consciousness, Lynch snaps and attacks his kidnappers while Kane beats Mute to death. Kane and Lynch then proceed to protect Kane\'s daughter, Jenny, from The7\'s reinforcements, who cries over her mother\'s body during the battle until escaping.
Kane buries his wife and decides to finish off The7 for the sake of his daughter\'s safety. Lynch insists on joining him, claiming they murdered his wife five years previously. They free a group of \"dead men\" who were wronged by The7 from prison in order to form a team to combat them: Rific, Thapa and Shelly. Shelly expresses resentment at working with Lynch and reveals that he may have been his own wife\'s killer. Before flying to Havana, they return to Tokyo and kill Retomoto, reclaiming the briefcase of money to finance their war with The7. In Havana, Kane keeps everyone motivated with promises of payment as they track down The Brothers and Carlos. Kane informs Lynch that The7 profit from assisting factions in civil wars, with Havana supposedly the last job needed for their retirement. They find themselves caught up in an ongoing civil war, joining the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces and battling The7\'s forces trying to stage a coup d’état. They find Carlos, abandoned by The Brothers. Kane recruits him, and Thapa, no longer trusting Kane, abandons the mission as a result. The Dead Men then fight their way through the Venezuelan jungle, and locate The Brothers at their compound. Carlos volunteers to go on ahead and open the gates with an explosive, but is killed by The Brothers. Kane and Lynch discover over Carlos\'s radio that they have again captured Jenny, so they storm the compound and in the process kill the Elder Brother. However, the Younger Brother manages to escape with Jenny and attempts to take off in an airplane.


From left to right: Thapa, Lynch, Kane, Shelly, and Rific.
Kane and Lynch follow in a car and disable the plane\'s engines before killing the Younger Brother. Jenny then pulls a gun on Kane and blames him for her mother\'s death. Kane tells her that whether she hates him or not he will get her to safety. Kane is then given the choice of rescuing Rific and Shelly, who are pinned down by The7\'s mercenaries, or escaping in a helicopter with Jenny and leaving them to die.
If Kane boards the helicopter with Jenny and leaves Rific and Shelly to die, Jenny will resent her father for leaving his men and tell him that she hates him. As they are escaping in the helicopter, Lynch, on the ground, says to himself, \"I fucking knew it, from the first second I fucking knew it.\"
In the canonical ending, Kane chooses to rescue Rific and Shelly, who are trapped in a burning church towering over a village. Kane and Lynch are too late to save Rific, but Shelly is still alive. He feels betrayed despite the rescue attempt. As they escape to the pier, Jenny is shot, and Kane carries her body along. Shelly loses his patience and attempts to escape on one of the boats alone but is killed by shrapnel from an exploding boat. Lynch is shot as he escapes on a undamaged boat with Kane, while Jenny\'s status is still unknown. The boat floats slowly down the river, while Kane holds Jenny and whispers to her about the letter he tried to send her.



In campaign mode the player controls Kane. The player is accompanied by Lynch, and sometimes other hired mercenaries. Co-op mode is available, in which the second player controls Lynch. Though almost identical to Kane\'s style of gameplay, Lynch has short bursts of aggression in which hallucinates nearly all AI characters are police, some sporting an animal\'s head. Lynch carries a shotgun and a revolver as side arm, while Kane carries an assault rifle and standard pistol, though it is possible to swap weapons. Additional weapons such as grenades, sniper rifles and carbines can be picked up, which can be swapped between allies. The player can take cover by standing next to a wall, and can blindfire. While having hired mercenaries, the player can issue orders such as follow, move to a specific position, or attack.

System Minimum Requirements
Windows XP SP2, Windows Vista
2.0 GHz Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon XP 1800+
1.0 GB RAM
128 MB NVIDIA 6600 or ATI X1300 or better
DirectX 9 compatible sound card
7.0 GB free hard disk space
DirectX 9.0c
Broadband Internet connection required for online gaming

System Optimal Requirements
Windows XP SP2, Windows Vista
3.0 GHz Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon XP 3000+
2.0 GB RAM
128 MB NVIDIA 8300 or ATI X1800 or better
7.0 GB free hard disk space
DirectX 9 compatible sound card
DirectX 9.0c
Broadband Internet connection required for online gaming

Installation
1:Mount or Burn to disc
2:Run setup .exe
3:Open the disc to get the crack folder
4:copy the cracked .exe over the original where the game is installed
5:play
