                          S  K  I  D  R  O  W

                          .the leading force.



                           proudly presents

                 Armada 2526 SuperNova (c) Ntronium Games





  13-04-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.............Nothing

  Strategy.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD





  RELEASE NOTES





Armada 2526 SuperNova gives you 4X more. More to explore, more to

exploit, more to exterminate and expands you re gaming horizons by

letting you challenge your friends via LAN or PBEM play.



There are new star and planet types to discover, and more than 30

special features to make each star system distinctive. You may

encounter tachyon storms, psychic plants, primitives or find abandoned

alien technology that advances your own research. Two new races, with

their own ships and special characteristics, await your discovery,

befriend them, play as them, or exterminate them as you wish.



A new trade system lets you construct networks to trade valuable

commodities between the stars, both between your own worlds, and with

other players. Alien relics, rare minerals, tourists, or even natural

anti-matter, your freighters carry them all. Choke an enemy with trade

embargoes, or blockade their planets with stealth ships operating

behind the lines. But trade and tourism bring less welcome visitors

too. The new espionage system lets you plant spies to gather

information or steal technological secrets, or drop special forces that

can sabotage defenses before an attack.



Fifty new technologies open up new strategies and tactics. Confound

your enemies with hard to detect stealth ships, jam their missiles with

electronic warfare, build fighter stations to defend your planets, and

blitz defenses with storm troopers. Research Gaia to make everyone

happy, or grind them under your heel with a variety of more powerful

warships and upgraded weapons.



Experience the game in a completely new way by taking on human

opponents. Armada s simultaneous order system makes it ideal game for

multi-player action. Now you can crush your friends playing over LAN

( local area networks) or PBEM (play by email).





  INSTALL NOTES





1. Unpack the release

2. Mount or burn image

3. Install (This version does not require the orginal Armada 2526)

4. Play the game

5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!





  GREETINGS





Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight

    SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan





                               ascii art by the

                              godlike & terrific duo

                                  malodix + irokos

                                   titan artdivision