1CLICK DVD Converter converts DVD movies and episodes quickly and easily to video files for: iPad, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Archos, Creative Labs Zen, Generic DivX, Microsoft Zune (MPEG-4) and Sony PSP.  CPRx error correction technology ensures the highest level of success when converting the latest generation of DVDs.

You can convert all your favorite DVDs with just one click. Unlike other software with complex settings and multiple steps, 1CLICK DVD Converter is easy to use. Movie and episode detection is automatic and doesn\'t require you to preview or try and guess which files to include. Just click the Start button and return to find your DVD converted.

Even though it\'s easy to use, there are advanced features for those who want more control. A preview window shows you exactly how the converted video will appear on your portable device. There are options to set zoom, resolution and video quality. Switching between mobile devices is as simple as one click. You can even convert a DVD to DivX compatible format.



	Key Features
 
	Windows 7 Compatible.
	CPRx technology for converting newer DVD movies.
	Supports many popular video players such as iPod, PSP and Archos.
	Automatically selects the movie and adjusts the settings for best results.
	Automatically converts episodes to a single file per episode.
	Blazing fast encoding - 3X faster than other types of encoders.
	Supports zoom for wide-screen to full-screen conversion.
	Video preview shows you exactly what the video will look like.
	Quality slider makes quality and file size adjustments easy.
	Supports both NTSC and PAL DVD movies.
	Convert DVDs movies to DivX compatible video files.
	Supports subtitle language selection.
	Free software updates for a year.
	Free technical support.



	System Requirements

	Windows 7, Windows Vista, or Windows XP (SP2 or greater)
	A DVD reader
	One or more of the following mobile video devices: Apple iPod Classic, iPod Nano, 
	iPod Touch, Apple iPhone, Apple TV, Archos 705/704/605/605/504/405/404,
	Creative Labs Zen Vision (Widescreen) or (M), Microsoft Zune (MPEG-4), Sony PSP,
	or DivX/MPEG-4 compatible video player. 