21 year old Marina is back at The Attic again. I must remind you that Marina is one refined girl. Having lived abroad in two separate countries for a time, as well has having the upper East coast better-than-thou society attitude impregnated into her disposition, well, we couldn't resist putting her aristocratic ass through the ringer here at The Attic.


Mud pits, raw meat, decomposing earthworms, Italian sausage, cages and lots of spray --this day was filled with the unusual.


Marina is being interviewed out on the property of The Attic. Far in the background Zed can be seen up to something while JR and Marina have a talk. What's Zed doing back there? Isn't long before we find out. Zed heads straight for us and soon has Marina on the ground, panties stuffed in her mouth and pulling her off by one leg over to the area where he's been digging a big hole and filling it with water and dirt. He even has a Slip & Slide setup with a 20 ft. runway leading right into the mud pit. He drags her over to the Slip & Slide by that foot and then unceremoniously slings her down the runway --elegant dress, heels and all-- right into the mud pit; oh yeah, she still has those panties in her mouth. She's completely soiled now. Her beautiful dress with strings of pearls hanging off the back, her black hose and heels, her well coifed hair --all caked in mud. Zed gets her out again, takes one of her heels off and then leads her back to the top of the runway. This time he makes her get a running start and launch herself down the Slip & Slide. I'm telling you folks, she gave it 100%! When she launched her entire body was off the ground before she hit the Slip & Slide.


He made her do this two more times before finally leaving her in the mud pit to bob for dildos that he had tossed to the bottom of the pit. He made her stick her entire head under the mud to find the dildo and bring it up with her mouth only. When her head rose back above the surface of the mud it was like she was melting. Her face and head just seemed to be lost somewhere underneath all that mud --but the dildo in her mouth was unmistakable. Marina, at this point, had so much mud on her that, except for that womanly shape, you'd have a hard time telling if she were a male or female. Enough of this --Zed gets her by the hair and has her crawl out of the mud pit and into the barn for the next set of activities. Once Zed has her in the barn she is made to get into our new cage. Once in, the cage has a neck locking mechanism that holds her head firmly in one place. At this point Zed puts her through the mud ringer again. He has buckets of mud sitting in the barn which he uses to dump over Marina's head until she's thoroughly humiliated. Then she has buckets of water tossed upon her and then when that doesn't get the mud off a water hose --water that comes from a very cold well-- is used to hose her down. She is helpless to do anything about it.


Next, with Marina still festering --and growing increasingly cold-- in her cage, strips of raw bloody meat are hung above her head. She's left there, to consider her application. After several minutes pass she's suddenly gagged with a strip of that raw meat, wrapped in a piece of cloth and taped into her mouth --the tape wrapped around her head repeatedly. It's disgusting people. It's a stark contrast between how she showed up for the day and how she looks in that cage with that bloody meat taped in her mouth and her soiled dress still clinging onto her half naked body. The cage is then flipped over so she's now on her back. This allows for easy access through the cage to her high society cunt. The Hitachi starts to work her box over and her breathing becomes labored behind the meat gag. She's finding it very difficult to get a comfortable position while in her little predicament but the Hitachi overcomes her discomfort and, soon, she's asking to cum through her gag. When given permission to do so she brings forth a rush of power that sends her squirting the dirt off that collected below her cunt.


Next, Marina is found still in her cage within the dirty, muddy barn. This time she's suspended from the ceiling inside that cage. The position she is in allows for unmitigated access to her gentalia. One of the cold sausages hanging from the ceiling is cut down and used to fuck her hole with. Wow, she can take quite a bit of it too. The camera catches every up close inch of it being fucked into her hole. She gets simultaneously fucked with the sausage and stimulated with the Hitachi until she requests permission to cum. When permission is granted the sausage is fucking her so hard it breaks in two and she's speaking in different languages. After she pulls herself back together the sausage used to fuck her with is then cut into bite sized pieces and fed to her. To finish off her little picnic two big handfuls of rotting earthworms are smeared all over her head and face. The smell is beyond horrible. This little activity completely freaks Marina out. This is where we leave her; in her cage, cold, wet, soiled, and stinking of death.


Well, we do give her one last hose down of well water using the new Hose Cam camera. When it's over, she's a bit cleaner but she is also quite a bit colder. Poor elitist Marina, all cold and shaking in her cage suspended from the ceiling.


Next Scene Marina is still in the barn; nude and tied spread eagle in the middle of the muddy floor. Remember that sausage that broke into and fell onto the ground while she was being fucked with it? She is now made to step on it and squish it up between her toes. Then the raw meat that has been hanging from the ceiling is used to flog her with. But not before it gets rubbed all over her body. Finally, she gets some Hitachi action that has her spraying violently when she cums. There is so much spray that the Cunt Cam gets completely doused. The view from the Cunt Cam, once it gets sprayed, is like looking through lake water. I mean there is an inch or two of spray that collected on the lens of the camera. The little box sitting beneath her partially fills up with spray. We caught all the action of this little rainstorm.


Finally, Marina is found out in the open bound on her back with her legs drawn up high to a post. She's out in the sun in a stark environment. Once she is securely bound she has some very high grade Maple syrup poured all over her body. Once that is smeared all over her two giant handfuls of fresh grass clippings are rubbed into her armpits, sides, chest and neck. Then a fresh can of coke is poured over that. Oh my, she feels itchy and sticky all at the same time.


Marina's exit interview is conducted in the mud pit. Bonus footage includes Marina being hosed down like a head of cattle and then in the shower washing off the muck. Enjoy!


Screens  http://photosex.biz/v.php?id=e01ff09bbc1e3603b64ee98622859928


Cheers  :-)