Coed Teasers [1983] [Vhs Rip].Vob

Richard (played by Doug Hamilton) is stressed and uptight, and he and his more-relaxed wife Gloria (played by a very-horny Angel Burgeon) head to a lakeside summer camp in the woods, full of troubled & horny teens. The teenage girls are as wild & insatiable as the guys, and Richard & Gloria are dragged into the sexual escapades while trying to run the camp. Dr Burns (played by Ron Jeremy), the camp doctor, also joins in on the action, alternating between the horny teen girls, and his horny colleague, Nurse Feelgood (played by Copper Penny).

Memorable scenes includes Gloria getting gang-banged by three teen studs while taking a daylight nap at the lake. While apparently remaining asleep, she takes turns in sucking cock & being fucked, before the three studs cum over her tits & belly. She wakes up thinking it was a dream, claiming "that was the wildest dream I've ever had !".

This is the second time that Gloria is asleep during a scene, as the same occurs in the first scene in the film between her & Richard.

In another scene, Dr Burns finds Butch (played by Tigr) & Marie (played by Tammy) using his examination bed for some lesbian action, and watches as they go down on each other, and perform a '69' on each other, before interrupting them for a threesome.

A raid by the guys on the girl's dormitory occurs, but Butch produces a knife and declares "now let's see who's raping who !", and the horny girls have their way with the guys.

The movie culminates into a free-for-all in the last day, where everyone gets in on the action.

Media:
To date, Co-ed Teasers has not been released on DVD, and the VHS/BETA video tape formats were discontinued at some point in the 1980s. At the time of writing this article, the movie is only likely to be obtained as a downloaded movie file or rare cases where the video tape may be found. It is unknown who currently holds the movie rights to Coed Teasers.

Much of the film is narrated by Gloria, who is reflecting on her days at summer camp. Much of her sexual desire is derived from reading sex novels, to which Richard is heard venting his frustration over on two occasions early in the film.

Credited Cast:
Brooke Bennet...  Charlotte (as Brooke Bennet)
Tigr ... Butch (as Chelsea Manchester)
Tammy   ... Marie
Copper Penny   ... Nurse Feelgood
Susan Howard ... Susy
Barbara Samples   ... Gale
Angel Burgeon   ... Gloria (as Louise Parsons)
Chrissie Beauchamp   ... Bouncy Barbara (as Barbara Hauser)
Spring Taylor   ... Nurse Tidewell
Steve Douglas ... Richard (as Doug Hamilton)
Sean Elliot
Ron Jeremy   ... Dr. Burns
Jamie St. James 

Total Size: 2.69 Gb

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-C099_4D639FC9.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-4A1A_4D639FC9.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-5B4B_4D639FC9.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-F95F_4D639FC9.html