Michael Haas's book on the Bush administration's war crimes is a carefully researched, fact-based assessment of many of the crimes committed by George Bush and his people, both domestically and internationally. America will not find its way again in the world until the Bush administration has been held accountable for them. Haas's identification of these crimes is an important step in advancing that goal.”–Vincent Bugliosi, author, The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder (2008)

“Mike Haas has compiled an impressive and comprehensive case to suggest that the Bush administration has committed numerous war crimes in relation to its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and its so-called "war on terror". The Bush administration has sought to put itself beyond the reach of the law, which should be intolerable in a civilized world.”–Dr. Eric Herring, Reader in International Politics at the University of Bristol, co-author of Iraq in Fragments: The Occupation and its Legacy

“This important and timely book, making use of evidence that is wholly within the public domain, establishes beyond any doubt that George W. Bush should and must be charged with the commission of war crimes--and not just one war crime--but 269 war crimes. It is a handbook of Bush war crimes that must be used by all of us: activists, politicians and anyone who cares about a better world. The Bush administration has taken us, as Cheney said it would, "to the dark side." Haas's book gives us the hope at least that the criminals in the Bush administration and Bush himself can be brought to justice.”–Michael Ratner, President, Center for Constitutional Rights

“269 war crimes! We have to go back to mid-twentieth century to find something similar. Shame on that president and his regime, shame on the media conspiracy of silence that gave us bits and pieces but not the whole picture, and enormous gratitude to Professor Haas for doing that overdue job! Next steps: a truth commission to get at the bottom of the rot in the "leader of the free world" and a world tribunal to draw the consequences.”–Johan Galtung, Professor of Peace Studies Recipient of the Right Livelihood Award

Book Description

George W. Bush, War Criminal? identifies and documents 269 specific war crimes under US and international law for which President Bush, senior officials and staff in his administration, and military officers under his command are liable to be prosecuted.

Hardcover: 408 pages
Publisher: Praeger (December 30, 2008)
Language: English


Enjoy and Seed!!