The Allman Brothers Band
Boston, MA 11/20/10

OFFICIAL LIVE RELEASE [320k MP3]

For the final show of their three-night run at the Orpheum, the Allman Brothers pulled out all the stops and somehow managed to top the first two!  Gritty blues, soaring jams, special guests--this show has something for every Peachhead.

The first set featured the classic opening combo of Don't Want You No More and It's Not My Cross To Bear, plus a down and dirty, Good Morning Little Schoolgirl, and really achieved liftoff with a double-decker Dreams that saw both Derek and Warren reaching for the sky.  Boston resident Garrett "G Love" Dutton stepped out and added some "special sauce" on harmonica for You Don't Love Me and proved that there are some serious blues chops behind his easygoing persona, providing an exclamation point on a powerful first set.

The second set was wrapped up in a big Mountain Jam sandwich, always a treat, and this was a full-bodied triple-decker version, with THREE different Mountain Jam segemnts throughout the set!  The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down made a rare appearance at this show, with Gregg singing with passion.  Gregg also sounded great on Key To The Highway.  The other highlight was a jaw-dropping version of That's What Love Will Make You Do that may be the best version of this classic tune you'll ever hear.  Special guest guitarist Junior Mack ripped on this!

Whipping Post is the only way to end such an epic three-night run, and this version does not disappoint!  

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Disc One

1. Don’t Want You No More
2. It’s Not My Cross To Bear
3. Done Somebody Wrong
4. Good Morning Little Schoolgirl
5. Soulshine
6. Every Hungry Woman
7. Hoochie Coochie Man
8. Dreams

Disc Two

1. You Don’t Love Me *
2. Mountain Jam
3. The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down
4. That’s What Love Will Make You Do #
5. Midnight Rider %

Disc Three

1. Key To The Highway %
2. Mountain Jam
3. JaBuMa
4. Mountain Jam

Encore: 5. Whipping Post

* w/ G Love harmonica, Egvie Castrillo, percussion
# w/ Junior Mack, guitar & Bruce Katz, keys
% Bruce Katz, keys