FILM TITLE: Walt Disney`s Animated Collection dvd xvids 11-20[1950-1973]
*****************************************************

Genre: FAMILY,KIDS,DISNEY,ANIMATION

Release: 1950-73

Country: USA

Language: ENG

Plot:

1. cinderella 1950


The kind and beautiful Cinderella dreams of romance and a better life while serving the selfish needs of her wicked stepmother and two jealous stepsisters. With the help of her mischievous mice friends, Gus and Jaq, and a little "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" from the magical wand of her Fairy Godmother, Cinderella meets the handsome Prince Charming at the Royal Ball. But as she flees the castle before the… more » stroke of midnight breaks the spell, Cinderella leaves behind a single glass slipper... leading to the ultimate fairy tale ending!

2.Alice in Wonderland 1951


In the hands of Disney's extraordinary animation artists, Lewis Carroll's immortal literary classic comes to life like never before. The surprises begin when a daydreaming Alice encounters a White Rabbit who is frantically running late. She chases him and falls into the magical, madcap world of Wonderland with its kaleidoscope of off-the-wall characters. Filled with topsy-turvy fun, Alice in Wonderland is teeming with spectacular songs and astounding animation in the highest Disney tradition.
---------------

3.peter pan 1953

Walt Disney's 14th animated masterpiece bursts with fantasy, adventure, and pixie dust! The magic begins when the boy who "never grows up" flies through the Darlings' nursery window in search of his lost shadow. Accompanied by his feisty sidekick, Tinker Bell, Peter teaches Wendy, John, and Michael to fly and they're off to the "second star to the right" and straight ahead to Never Land! Before they know it, they're knee-deep in high-flying battle with swashbuckling pirates, led by Peter's archenemy, Captain Hook whose time is nearly up against a ticktocking crocodile.
------------------

4.Lady And The Tramp 1955

Generations of fans have fallen in love with Walt Disney's 15th animated masterpiece - an irresistible song-filled adventure about Lady, a lovingly pampered cocker spaniel, and Tramp, a roguish mutt from across the tracks.

When Aunt Sarah moves in with her devious felines, Si and Am, to baby-sit, the very protective lady soon finds herself being fitted for the unthinkable - a muzzle! In her bid for freedom, she meets and is charmed by Tramp, dog-about-town. Together with friends Jock, trusty and Peg, they share thrilling adventures on a lovely bella notte as Lady learns what it means to be footloose and leash-free.
---------------------

5.Sleeping beauty 1959

A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep which can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. This classic makes wondrous use of Tchaikovsky's same-titled ballet score.
------------------

6.101 Dalmations 1961

Full of boundless adventure and boisterous fun, Disney's 17th animated masterpiece is the original film classic starring 101 of the world's most lovable, huggable Dalmatians and their hilariously evil captor, Cruella De Vil!

A charming London neighborhood is home to Roger and Anita, whose beloved Dalmatians, Pongo and Perdita, have become the proud parents of 15 puppies. But when Cruella and her bumbling henchmen, Horace and Jasper, unexpectedly appear, the pups soon disappear - along with every other Dalmatian puppy in town! Now Pongo and Perdita must rally their animal friends and use the power of the "Twilight Bark" to find Cruella's secret hideaway and free the… more » puppies.

Featuring the unforgettable, toe-tapping song "Cruella De Vil," 101 Dalmatians is one of the most cherished and sought-after Disney classics of all time - and among the last films to bear the personal touch of Walt Disney
-----------------------------

7.sword in the stone 1963

A young scullery boy named Wart is taught amazing lessons by the wizard Merlin who turns him into a fish, a bird and a squirrel so that he might understand the mysteries of life. Such lessons help the boy succeed where for centuries thousands of might men had failed. Whoever removes the wondrous golden sword embedded in a large stone will be crowned Arthur, King of England!

Brilliantly executed and peopled with unforgettable characters, The Sword in the Stone is the best of both worlds: a legend and a Disney Classic!

---------------------

8.junglebook 1967

One of the most popular Disney films ever, The Jungle Book is a song-filled celebration of friendship, fun and adventure set in a lush and colourful world. Inspired by Rudyard Kipling's"Mowgli" stories, Disney's 19th animated masterpiece was the last animated feature that had Walt Disney's personal touch.

The jubilant adventure begins when Mowgli, a little boy raised by wolves, is urged by his friend Bagheera, a wise old panther, to seek safety in the man-village. Feeling very much at home in the jungle, Mowgli resists and runs off. Much to Bagherra's dismay, Mowgli meets a new friend with a happy-go-lucky- philosophy of life- Baloo the bear, a lovable " jungle bum." Together, the three buddies find the journey back to civilization anything but civilized! They encounter a crazy orangutan, the hypnotic and sly snake Kaa and the menacing Shere Khan!
--------------
9.Aristocats 1970

Disney's 20th full-length animated classic, The Aristocats is an unforgettable mix of wild adventure, colourful characters and jazzy music your family will find absolutely irresistible!

The enchanting tale begins in Paris, when a kind and eccentric millionairess wills her entire estate to her family - a family of adorable high-society cats. Overhearing her plan, Edgar, the greedy butler, catnaps Duchess, the elegant, soft-spoken mother, and her three mischievous kittens and abandons them in the French countryside. The charming Thomas O' Malley, a rough-and-tumble alley cat, saunters by and offers to escort them home. Along the way, they stop at Thomas' "pad" where Scat Cat and his band of swingin' jazz cats perform the memorable "Ev'rybody Wants To Be A Cat".
-------------

10.robin hood 1973

The legend of Robin Hood, one of the most popular stories of all time, is brought magically to life in this full length, animated Disney classic. The spirit of fun and romance abounds as Robin Hood, the swashbuckling hero of Sherwood Forest, and his valiant sidekick Little John, plot one daring adventure over another.


NOTE: 2 OF MY ORIG DISCS WHEN GETTING RIPPED HAD ERRORS ON THE DISCS[SCRATCHED]
I HAVE DOWNLOADED THE 2 FROM ANOTHER SOURCE,I THANK THE ORIG UPLOADER!!!