
Advanced Uninstaller PRO 10.5.6 Cracked-MESMERiZE


Have problems uninstalling applications? Here's the solution to accurately remove applications.

Description:
Advanced Uninstaller PRO is the ultimate uninstaller for Windows. A full suite of utilities helps you uninstall software with ease, including the stubborn programs which refuse to be uninstalled. Over 25 tools help you perform absolutely everything related to uninstalling, cleaning history tracks and removing programs, plugins, and all sorts of items. All features of Advanced Uninstaller PRO are designed to be both safe and easy to use. You can uninstall programs quickly and completely using its simple and intuitive interface, by selecting the application from a list, or by dragging and dropping a file or shortcut on the Advanced Uninstaller PRO desktop icon. Advanced Uninstaller PRO can also remove a lot of items that other uninstallers can’t even touch. It can repair broken registry entries, clean non-functional Start Menu shortcuts, uninstall annoying browser toolbars, plugins and hijackers, remove fonts and get rid of startup programs that run in your system tray and slow down your computer.

The Installation Monitor included in the program can watch all the actions that a program performs on your computer while it installs. Advanced Uninstaller PRO remembers these changes so later you can completely uninstall that program, making sure nothing is left behind. This tool can remove any program without a trace.

The program is especially designed to be very clear, fast, pleasant and intuitive. Easy to read information and help is readily available throughout the program, guiding you every step of the way. Advanced Uninstaller PRO helps your PC run at its full speed by taking good care of the Windows registry and services. It also helps you free disk space by detecting and removing duplicate files and helping you turn on the Windows file compression if needed.

The program can delete the web browsing and document opening history in many applications, so you can surf the Internet and open images, videos and any other file without worry. It can also defend your right to privacy by shredding the files and folders you choose in such a way that they won’t ever be recovered. Internet Explorer 8, Mozilla Firefox 3 and Google Chrome are now fully supported. With Advanced Uninstaller PRO, you have all the tools you need to uninstall programs, speed up and fix your PC, protect your privacy, remove lots of annoying plugins, toolbars and browser hijackers that other cleaning tools don’t detect and remove.

• Full support for Windows 8 beta, Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP.
• Full support for both 32 bit and 64 bit platforms.

What’s new in version 10.5.5:
* Improved Internet Explorer 9 compatibility and fixed a few minor bugs.

