Hey, we made a plugin to circumvent internet censorship from within your WordPress installation. This plug-in enables you to magically uncensor any website on the internet.

More and more governments from east and west are trying to censor the Internet. For different reasons the governments of countries like Iran, the USA, Syria, The Netherlands and China seek ways to block websites of the web and limit free speech. This plug-in will enable you to get those websites online again for you, your friends and the rest of the world without any hassle. Your website will become a proxy for the blocked website, rerouting any traffic from a user, through your website to the blocked site.

We believe in an Open Web and gladly make it possible for everyone to defend their human right to the free flow of information. By installing this plug-in you are doing your part to keep the Web Open.

Why?

This plugin was made in response to the ongoing limitation of the Open Web. In the dawn of 2012 we found ourselves confronted with a court-ruling blocking the Piratebay.org in the Netherlands. On the other side of the ocean new laws are being discussed to curtail web-freedom even further. SOPA and PIPA are set to defend the interests of the Entertainment industry, but will mainly cause grave and undeniable damage to the Open and Free web and all of it’s users: from the end-consumer to the cutting edge developers and inventors. In the same time countries like Iran, Syria, North-Korea and so on are using the same techniques to censor free speech to maintain their iron grip on power. Our aim is to make all of this impossible.

The web knows many ways to circumvent blockades and censorship. Some argue that these court-rulings and new laws will never have any effect because of all these tricks to by-pass them. This might be true, but in general only holds for the more tech-savvy among us. And in either case it doesn’t make these rulings and laws less bad.

Our plugin still requires some technical skills to employ, but next to none to use. Any WordPress powered website with this plug-in will immediately start functioning as a proxy for the censored websites. Thus opening them again for the big audience.

The plug-in will soon be available through the WP repository.
Until then you can get it from here: https://all4xs.net/

Feedback is highly appreciated.