

Band: Vanden Plas
Album: Far Off Grace
Year: 1999
Origin: Germany
Genre: Progressive Metal
Label: InsideOut Music / SPV
Playing time: 1:04:45


Tracklist:

01. I Can See (4:01)
02. Far Off Grace (7:03)
03. Into the Sun (6:32)
04. Where's the Man (6:10)
05. Inside of Your Head (6:13)
06. I Don't Miss You (3:51)
07. Iodic Rain (6:54)
08. Fields of Hope (6:46)
09. I'm With You (6:43)
10. Kiss of Death [Bonus Track] (5:41)
11. Shape Of My Heart [Bonus Track] (4:44)

Band Members:

Andy Kuntz - vocals
Stephan Lill - guitars
Torsten Reichert - bass
Andreas Lill - drums
Günter Werno - keyboards

Contents:

.CUE and .M3U files
EAC log file
CD cover thumbnail
TXT Info file
Artwork scanned @ 300 ppi


Some people will tell you one day that you don't have to buy a CD for its artwork. For once, don't listen to them! I have bought 'Far Off Grace' for its good-looking presentation without knowing anything about the band and it's one of my favorite bands since the first time I've listen to this album. Seriously, it was a chance that I bought 'Far Off Grace' because it has made me discover the true face of music. This unique mix between Dream Theater's progressive style and heavy metal riffs you can't forget, that's what is the music played by Vanden Plas!

Reading the documentation of the album, I realize that Vanden Plas were German and it was surprising for me, as well-known German bands are usually specialized in power or true metal. But Vanden Plas style, which can be called heavy prog metal, is out of the standards. Just listen once to 'Into The Sun' and you will understand. Beginning with a powerful song 'I Can See', this album is full of pure musical jewels. The eponym song 'Far Off Grace' is incredibly beautiful but 'Where Is The Man' is surely one of my favorite song on this album. If you like more heavy style, go to track seven! 'Inside Of Your Head' has a title that is absolutely true. Finally, the strange lyrics of 'I Don't Miss You' and 'I'm In You' would let you weird minded.

See, 'Far Off Grace' is not only a very good album, it has its own atmosphere that includes different kinds of songs from pure heavy to progressive, with beautiful ballads. Unique.


Enjoy!


Regards,
Nick