COAST TO COAST AM.
Date: 05-09-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Jim Marrs, Cody Lundin 
Author Jim Marrs discussed various conspiracy theories, and how events such as the ongoing deadly radiation from the Fukushima reactors and spraying of Corexit in the Gulf continue with little news coverage. We live in a "fake world" now, he contended. with such issues surrounding Pres. Obama such as his birth certificate, the so-called killing of bin Laden, and the phony pictures of his dead body that appeared. The secret operatives that claimed to have killed Osama bin Laden dumped his body into the ocean saying it was custom in his homeland of Saudi Arabia, a predominately desert country, and without any objective forensics performed. If bin Laden was unarmed, why didn't they capture him to bring him to trial for his crimes?, asked Marrs. 

According to many credible sources, bin Laden has been dead since December 2001, probably from his kidney problems. This wasn't reported back then because the government needed to keep him alive in order to justify such programs as the Patriot Act, and Homeland Security, he conjectured. The removal of bin Laden now was a tactic to take people's mind off Obama's issues about his birth certificate and citizenship, he continued. 

Regarding suppression of news coverage of Japan's nuclear radiation which is still spewing from the damaged plants, he cited how "the nuclear industry doesn't want everyone to know how bad this is, because we would be doing like Germany is doing and shutting all nuclear plants down." Speaking about the UFO secrecy issue, Marrs said disclosure hasn't taken place because government & the military don't want to admit to the public that there's technology that they don't have, and that they don't have any control over this technology. 

Survival Skills
First hour guest, Founder of the Aboriginal Living Skills School, Cody Lundin, talked about the recent case of a woman surviving 49 days trapped in the wilderness. Her husband, who hasn't been found yet, probably was following GPS, instead of following where he was going, and that probably cost him his life, he suggested. Lundin shared survival skills, which include training on how to handle body temperature regulation. He noted that the highest cause of death in the wilderness stems from either hypothermia or hyperthermia. 

News segment guests: John Lott, Catherine Austin Fitts 

Website(s): 
jimmarrs.com
alssadventures.com
Book(s): 
The Trillion-Dollar Conspiracy
The Rise of the Fourth Reich
When All Hell Breaks Loose
98.6 Degrees: The Art of Keeping Your Ass Alive

THANK YOU TO TOLLON. THANKS FOR SEEDING