Windows 7 Ultimate

Designed for users who only the best
Windows 7 Ultimate Windows 7 operating system the most versatile and powerful version. It combines ease of use entertainment features of Home Premium and Professional for business opportunities, including many Windows XP-based business programs run in Windows XP mode. Additional safety is given the opportunity to encrypt your data with BitLocker Drive and BitLocker To Go feature. More flexibility is the opportunity to work in any of 35 languages. Get all this in Windows 7 Ultimate.

Windows 7 system requirements

If you want to use the Windows 7 operating system on your computer, here are the system requirements:

At least 1 gigahertz (GHz) 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor

1 gigabyte (GB) of RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB of RAM (64-bit)

16 GB of free hard disk space (32-bit) or 20 GB (64-bit)

DirectX 9 graphics device with WDDM 1.0 or higher driver

Certain characteristics required for the use of additional requirements:

Internet access (may result in charges)

Display Resolution if the video playback may require additional memory and advanced graphics hardware

For best performance, in order to achieve some of the games or programs may require a graphics card that is compatible with DirectX 10 or later.

Some of the Windows Media Center functions may require a TV Tuner and other devices

Windows Touch and Tablet PCs require a certain kind of hardware

HomeGroup requires a network and PCs with Windows 7

DVD or CD discs Writing requires a compatible optical drive

BitLocker requires a Trusted Platform Module (TPM) 1.2 security chip

BitLocker To Go requires a USB flash drive

Windows XP Mode Additional requirements include 1 GB of RAM and 15 GB of free disk space.

Music and sound require audio equipment

Product functionality and graphics may vary depending on system configuration. Some features may require special or additional hardware.

Computers multi-core processors:
Windows 7, designed to work in today's multi-core processors with. All Windows 7 32-bit versions can support up to 32 processor cores and 64-bit versions can support up to 256 processor cores.

Computers with multiple processors:
In commercial servers, workstations and other advanced computers may have more than one physical processor. Windows 7 Professional, Enterprise and Ultimate allow two physical processors, and offer the best performance on these computers. Windows 7 Starter, Home Basic and Home Premium will recognize only one physical processor.


All the comments as well as the bad are welcome.
After downloading seed on the ground that the other will receive the download completed.