Steel Storm Burning Retribution (c) Kot-in-Action C.A 

Game Type...: Shooter           # of Disks.: 44 * 4.77MB   
Released....: May 15th, 2011    Protection.: Money        
 

r e l e a s e info 
                                                                          
Steel Storm is a top down arcade shooter with  old  school  spirit. The  
game  has  score  oriented  competitive  gameplay, and  is designed for
people   who   like  fast  paced  action,  hordes  of   smart  enemies,
destructible worlds and ground shaking explosions.
    
The  events  take place in an alternative universe where you control an
advanced hovertank, packed with the  most  advanced  and  sophisticated
weapons. Your  task  is  simple, but  nevertheless  not trivial. In the
fight against extraterrestrial invaders, you must prevail!
 
Features :
  
Enjoy fast paced and streamlined gameplay.
Engage  in  online  warfare  with  up  to  16  players  in any of the
multi-player modes.
Pave  your  way  to  victory with the burning remains of your enemies
through 25 different campaign missions.
Complete Challenges and unlock First-Person camera mode.
Create new missions or modify existing ones using the unique realtime  
collaborative mission editor and share them with the world.            


r e l e a s e notes 
                                                                        
1# Unzip, Unrar manually.                                             
2# Run setup.bat, after thats done hit steelstorm.exe to play.
3# Have phun!

Ripped: Nothing.


REMEMBER :                                                            
If you like this game, buy it. Developers deserve your support!!      
                                                                        

Cheers to:

BACKLASH - CRUDE - DiViNE - FAS - FAiRLiGHT - OUTLAWS - PWZ - RiTUEL
                  SKIDROW - TNT - ViTALiTY - CCCLX

And to all of our friends from over the years, we salute you! - VACE



Languages: EN, FR, DE, PL, POR, RU, ES


