Assfucked Sluts (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/827334D1_Assfucked_Sluts_dvd.htm 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=1558600&partner_id=10008495

Studio 	Evil Angel Ea-Productions
Release Date Jan 18, 2011
Category All Sex, Anal, Anal Cream Pie
Director Mike Adriano
Starring Krissy Lynn, Chanel Preston, Brooklyn Lee, Mariah Madysinn, Cassandra Cruz, Sarah Shevon, Layla Exx, Kelly Klass, Mike Adriano

Champion ass fucker Mike Adriano presents Assfucked Sluts, a butthole bonanza of ever-widening proportions! This two-disc booty fest contains five epic sessions of gonzo point-of-view filth with the most beauteous young anal whores in the business. See speculums, toys, gaping, close-up sodomy and ass-to-mouth blow jobs galore! Sturdy-assed Latina Brooklyn Lee and sexy brunette Chanel Preston have a three-way marathon ass-to-mouth orgy with Mike. After a long tease with sloppy double blow jobs and lots of rimming, these girls' incredible rectums swallow up fingers, tongues, Mike's huge cock and even a lighted speculum! Next, gorgeous Sarah Shevon shows off her all-natural charms, expressive anus and pretty, shaved cunt. Sarah uses a butt plug' a speculum and the entire length of an 8" dildo to prepare her ass. Then the shorthaired doll deep-throats Mike's thick shaft and gets her butt thoroughly reamed, sucking dick directly from her own bunghole and gulping down one load before taking a second cum shot on her face! Sweet Okie homegirl Kelly Klass is a tiny, stylish blonde who loves anal sex and the taste of semen. The enthusiastic newcomer gets a stiff prick in her winking, gaping butthole; she sucks it ass-to-mouth and laps the director’s balls until he ejaculates into her martini glass for a cock-seasoned cocktail. Foxy blondes Krissy Lynn and Mariah Madysinn are next. Dressed in football jerseys, these busty sports oil up each other's cushiony rear for rimming play and a cocksucking, ass-pounding threesome. Sassy Latina Cassandra Cruz claims to be a size queen, and her big, round and brown butt is a perfect fit for Mike's prodigious tool — after she's been loosened with various toys, spreaders and fingers. Cassandra gags on cock until he shoots his wad into her mouth, makes her drool it into a glass then gulp it down. And in a non-POV extra scene, redhead Layla Exx shows up seven months preggers! This skinny cutie has grown a plump set of big-nippled, lactating tits and an improved libido to match. The fecund Layla sucks Mr. Adriano's throbbing meat and gets her little pussy well-fucked; it's a non-anal bonus, but just as kinky as the main scenes that give this movie its title!