This book provides a comprehensive treatment of electric distribution systems. Few books cover specific topics in more depth and there is hardly any book that deals with the key topics of interest to distribution system engineers. The book introduces these topics from two points of view:

1) The practical point of view by providing practical examples and the problems which can be solved.

2) The academic point of view where the analysis and various techniques used for distribution system planning are explained.

The most outstanding feature of this book is a combination of practical and academic explanation of its contents. Another outstanding feature is a collection of the traditional and current topics of distribution systems condensed into one book.

The reader will gain an understanding of distribution systems from both practical and academic aspects, will be able to outline and design a distribution system for specific loads, cities, zones, etc.. Readers will also be able to recognize the problems which may occur during the operation of distribution systems and be able to propose solutions for these problems.
From the Back Cover
A unique combination of theory and practice for designing, operating, and optimizing electric distribution systems

Electric Distribution Systems provides a unique, integrated two-prong approach that enables readers to design, install, and manage effective and efficient electric distribution systems. It combines both practical and academic perspectives so that readers can fully grasp underlying theory and concepts, and then apply their newfound knowledge and skills to problem solving. Throughout the text, the authors explain the analytical tools and techniques needed to design and operate electric distribution systems. They then support these explanations with real-world examples as well as hundreds of clear illustrations and photos.

Divided into five parts, Electric Distribution Systems begins with fundamental concepts that lay the groundwork. It then covers protection and distribution switchgear, power quality, management and automation, and distributed generation. Combining both traditional and emerging topics in electric distribution systems, the text enables readers to:

    *

      Design electric distribution systems that meet the requirements of specific loads, cities, and zones
    *

      Recognize and quickly respond to problems that may occur during system operations
    *

      Improve the performance of electric distribution systems with effective system automation and monitoring

All chapters include references guiding readers to the primary literature so that they can explore individual topics in greater depth.

With its emphasis on both theory and practice, this text is ideal for students and professional utility power distribution system planners and operators. All readers will develop the knowledge and skills needed to optimize the utilization of electric energy and supply end-users with electric power as securely and efficiently as possible.
See all Editorial Reviews
Product Details

    * Hardcover: 576 pages
    * Publisher: Wiley-IEEE Press; 1 edition (May 24, 2011)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 0470276827
    * ISBN-13: 978-0470276822