 http://www.hotimg.com/direct/sXb5YfQ.jpg



Choose to Lose: The 7-Day Carb Cycle Solution


Hyperion  
Chris Powell 
2012
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1401324452
ISBN-13: 978-1401324452
224 Pages 
Epub 
18. 9 MB

Don't lose the will to become the person you want to be. Choose to lose the weight, and start the next chapter of your life as the person you know you truly are. 

EAT MORE CARBS 
BURN FAT 
BUILD MUSCLE 
QUICK-FIX RECIPES 
NO GYM REQUIRED 
CHEAT EVERY OTHER DAY 

From celebrated fitness trainer Chris Powell, star of ABC's Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition, comes this inspirational weight loss book to help anyone conquer their weight. 

You've seen him change lives on television. Now, in Choose to Lose, Powell presents fast and easy workouts, diet guidance, basic recipes, and insight into finding the true transformation mindset. Following his Carb Cycle Solution, you can drop pounds safely and quickly while learning how to `listen to your body' to optimize your overall health and fitness. 

Powell's easy-to-follow Carb Cycle Solution contradicts everything you've heard about avoiding carbohydrates in an attempt to lose weight. Not only are you encouraged to eat carbs, but he will show you how to use them to amplify your weekly weight loss. By cycling between high-carb and low-carb days, your body will alternate boosting metabolism one day and burning fat the next. You will never feel deprived of the foods you love because you can fine-tune the solution to suit your needs. Powell gives you complete control over your nutrition, plus plenty of opportunities to indulge, and offers many delicious recipes to help you stay on track. If you work it, the Carb Cycle Solution may very well work for you--for the rest of your life. 

With detailed exercises and accompanying photographs, as well as guidelines on how to revamp your environment, support system, and more, Powell not only shows you how to lose pounds, but also works with you as a coach and mentor, teaching you how to finally take control of the incredible machine that is your body. His words of encouragement will be there day after day as you build unstoppable momentum, guiding your body toward your ideal weight. Great physical change begins with a psychological one: change your mind, change your body.
[/color][/quote][/b]

 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/ce2Zat5.jpg
 
http://torrent-stats.info/cbe2/15dc92c06.png