  S  K  I  D  R  O  W

                          .the leading force.



                           proudly presents

             The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings (c) Atari





  16-05-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.............SecuROM

  RPG..................Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................2 DVD





  RELEASE NOTES





The second installment in the RPG saga about the Witcher, Geralt of

Rivia, features a thoroughly engrossing, mature storyline defining new

standards for thought-provoking, non-linear game narration. In addition

to an epic story, the game features an original, brutal combat system

that uniquely combines tactical elements with dynamic action. A new,

modern game engine, responsible both for beautiful visuals and

sophisticated game mechanics puts players in the most lively and

believable world ever created in an RPG game. A captivating story,

dynamic combat system, beautiful graphics, and everything else that

made the original Witcher such a great game are now executed in a much

more advanced and sophisticated way.



Features:



A truly epic, intense, emotionally charged adventure with non-linear

game narration. Three independent plot lines with several alternative

events are dependent on the player s choices and lead to multiple

different game endings and several additional plot forks. This time

gameplay time will be shorter than The Witcher 1, but more intense and

packed with events.



A complex, realistic and mature story touching upon subject matter

seldom seen in other RPGs, told in a manner that is understandable and

attractive to contemporary gamers. We investigate the assassinations of

the rulers of the Northern Kingdoms and follow Geralt s personal theme,

in which he's looking for his own identity. Gradually we learn how

powerful forces influence our situation and what role they order us to

play.



Rich, mature dialogue as found in Andrzej Sapkowski's book series and

The Witcher 1, presented in highly filmic cutscenes and dialogues

sequences, thanks to a new game engine.



New, improved system of flashbacks. Now the reminiscences of Geralt, in

which we observe the link between our past choices with current

actions, are realistically and smoothly woven into the gameplay.



Unique, deep, consistent and rich game world established in a series of

best-selling books by A. Sapkowski and recreated in the game to provide

an incredible, believable story-driven experience.



Believable, true-to-life characters with their own motivations and

goals. During our journey we meet ordinary men, soldiers, rebels,

powerful mages, rulers and their assassins. Depending on our decisions

we meet different game characters, and our relationships shape further

actions in the game.



Highly varied, breathtaking locations, which thanks to the new engine

create a cohesive, fully accessible world!



Rich, living world in which every character has their own way of life

and unique occupations. Our actions modify the relationship with the

game-world population and, in the case of the main plot line, open or

close the possibilities of interaction with the game world.



Greater freedom of exploration to provide increased game realism and a

wider range of new tactical options. Geralt will surmount barriers,

jump over fences, scale walls and ascend rock formations.





  INSTALL NOTES





1. Unpack the release

2. Mount or burn image

3. Install (game will auto start with a activation screen, quit that)

4. Run Patcher_EFIGS.exe from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2

5. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2 to the The Witcher 2

  installation folder

6. Play the game

7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!




