 http://bayimg.com/laHeJAAdM

Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mama's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feeling so Sad
A Pseudo-Classical Tragifarce in a bastard French Tradition

FULLSCREEN VHS TRANSFERRED USING ADS TECH DVDXpressDX2 and ripped to avi with PocketDivx

Arthur Kopit wrote Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mamma's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feelin' So Sad while he was studying European theater on a postgraduate travel scholarship earned at Harvard. His aim was to enter the work in a school playwriting contest, never anticipating that it would bring him worldwide acclaim at the age of twenty-three. As its subtitle indicated, he wrote the play as a parody— "a pseudo-classical tragifarce in a bastard French tradition"—in the new, avant garde French theater of Arthur Adamov, Eugene Ionesco, and Samuel Beckett. It was this subgenre of the theater that, in 1961, Martin Esslin labeled the Theatre of the Absurd.

Kopit’s Oh Dad has the distinction of being a relatively rare phenomenon: an extremely successful first work staged in New York by a new and virtually unknown playwright. When Oh Dad opened at New York’s Phoenix Theatre on February 26, 1962, beginning a run of 454 performances, it already had a production history, both in the United States and abroad. In fact, the play was published in 1960, the same year in which it was first staged at Harvard and then, professionally, at the Agassiz Theatre in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It was during it’s run at the Agassiz that it came to the attention of the staff of the Phoenix. Before the Phoenix mounted its extremely successful production, however, the work had already been staged in London, where it was directed by Frank Corsaro and starred Stella Adler as Madame Rosepettle.

In the New York staging, directed by Jerome Robbins, an experienced cast headed by Jo Van Fleet as Madame Rosepettle, Austin Pendleton as Jonathan, and Barbara Harris as Rosalie kept audiences delighted, making it a major box-office success. It also garnered the Vernon Rice and Outer Circle Awards, both significant honors.

The offbeat, dysfunctional characters—especially Madame Rosepettle and her son, Jonathan— caused some critics to complain about a lack of serious purpose in the play as well as its derivative elements, but the farcical and fanciful treatment of an overly-protective, domineering mother and her neurotic son gave New York and European audiences little pause. Most commentators could not argue with success and found the play a engaging spoof of everything from Tennessee Williams's Rose Tattoo to Freudian psychology.

The play moved to Broadway:

Morosco Theatre, (8/27/1963 - 10/5/1963) 
Preview: Aug 26, 1963   Total Previews: 1 
Opening: Aug 27, 1963       
Closing: Oct 5, 1963   Total Performances: 47 

Opening Night Production Credits 

Produced by Roger L. Stevens and T. Edward Hambleton; Produced by arrangement with The Phoenix Theatre (T. Edward Hambleton: Co-Founder and Managing Director; Norris Houghton: Co-Founder)

Written by Arthur Kopit; Incidental music by Robert Prince

Directed by Jerome Robbins

Opening Night Cast

Ernesto Aponte  Bellboy    
Alix Elias  Rosalie    
Gary Garth  Bellboy    
Hermione Gingold  Madame Rosepettle    
Carl Guttenberger  Bellboy    
John Hallow  Head Bellboy    
Thom Koutsoukos  Bellboy    
Peter Lenahan  Bellboy    
Jamie Sanchez  Bellboy    
Sandor Szabo  Commodore Roseabove    
Sam Waterston  Jonathan  

Awards 
  
1962 Drama Desk Award Vernon Rice Award  Written by Arthur Kopit [winner]  

Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mama's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feeling So Sad (1967) 
 
http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0062067/

Directed by Richard Quine    Alexander Mackendrick   
  
Writing credits 
Arthur L. Kopit   (play)
Ian Bernard   (screenplay)
Herbert Baker and Pat McCormick  (narration)  

 Rosalind Russell ...  Madame Rosepettle 
 Robert Morse ...  Jonathan 
 Barbara Harris ...  Rosalie 
 Hugh Griffith ...  Commodore Roseabove 
 Jonathan Winters ...  Dad (Narrator) 
 Lionel Jeffries ...  Airport Commander 
 Cyril Delevanti ...  Hawkins 
 Hiram Sherman ...  Breckenduff 
 George Kirby ...  Moses 
 Janis Hansen ...  The Other Woman 

The film has many flaws of sex comedies of late the 1960s 'camp' period but the most glaring and bad element of this film is undoubtedly the unfunny and intrusive  'narration' by Jonathan Winters.  The would probably have been a film that did not stand the test of time in any case but it is Winters' performance that truly drags this vehicle down.

