Capella Scan v7.0.09

Dispatch re-typing of sheet music to a nuisance of the past. Let capella-scan transform your sheet music quickly into a ringing score that is ready for editing and printing!

What sounds like magic has become reality
capella-scan has put an end to the laborious task of typing out notes! At last, there is now a way of transposing printed notes and creating part extraction from a printed score without having to type out sheet music note-for-note.

How it works
capella-scan activates your scanner directly.
You can use all scanners with Twain interface.
The note and text recognition function is activated at a click. capella-scan has been developed to recognize notes including bar lines, accidentals, clefs etc. and to transform sheet music into capella files. The entire process takes only a few seconds.
Text is recognized and handed over correctly to capella. Small adjustments can be done directly in capella-scan.

By opening the scanned file in capella notation software (available separately), you can print the file to your specifications. You will find that all the notation program's score editing functions are available for editing your new file. You can, of course, also produce part extraction or change the notes yourself - there are no editing restrictions whatsoever.

What can capella-scan do?
No problem for capella-scan!

Unique to capella-scan
Comfortable voice management
Music recognition programs have to work very hard when several voices appear in a single line. In actual fact, this is the point where many of the other programs on the market reach their limitations. Yet capella-scan has been developed to accomplish its task even when faced with these difficult situations. Drawing on its excellent voice management system, capella-scan analyses and establishes the right connections and assigns all notes to their correct vertical and horizontal positions.

Text recognition in 100 languages
capella-scan uses the FineReader engine from ABBYY to recognize text. To this end, then, you will automatically benefit from the world's best OCR technology recognizing even gothic print. A large number of reviews have confirmed that this is the best text recognition program there is. capella-scan comes with over 100 dictionaries, which can be installed if and when you need them. capella-scan's text recognition system uses these dictionaries to check the recognized text for its plausibility.

Quaver rest or smudge?
capella-scan can recognize pitch and pitch length, rests, accidentals, keys, key signature and time signature. It also recognizes brackets and curly braces, distances between staves, slurs, ties, repeat boxes, articulation signs, staff size, cue notes and much more. Note recognition is a very demanding process that requires software to accomplish something that in principle is only possible with human experience. When is an undefined mark on the music sheet a note, a quaver rest or simply a smudge?

Homepage: http://www.capella-software.com/capella-scan.cfm
