

S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Call of Juarez: The Cartel (c) Ubisoft

02-09-2011........Release Date - Protection...SteamUbisoft DRM
FPS/GTA CLONE........Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Welcome to the new Wild West.

This first-person shooter brings the lawlessness of the Old West into
present day. You'll embark on a bloody road trip from Los Angeles to
Juarez, Mexico immersing yourself in a gritty plot with interesting
characters and a wide variety of game play options.

Experience the lawlessness of the modern wild west as you hunt down
the Mendoza cartel in a world where the ends justify the means. Your
hunt for the Cartel boss takes you on an epic road trip from a meth
lab in the Sequoia national forest to the Cartel headquarters in
Ciudad Juarez. With over 10 distinct environments including urban LA
brothels and back streets, gritty boat docks, a swanky yacht party,
the open deserts in Arizona and New Mexico, a Mexican funeral and more.

Features:

NEW CO-OPETITION GAME PLAY
Partner with 2 other teammates to achieve joint objectives, while
sneaking behind their back to advance your secret personal agenda. Play
the 20-mission campaign mode solo or with up to 3 friends Triple the
replay value: Play the entire campaign with each of the 3 characters
each character has their own unique story and distinct ending.

FUN MULTIPLAYER EXPERIENCE
Play up to 6 vs 6 in Team Death Match and Cops vs Gangsters. As you
play, your character will evolve, unlocking weapons and gear.

RICH STORY COMBINED WITH GAME PLAY VARIETY
Relevant character-driven story that unfolds differently depending on
which character you play. Game play is driven by variety: Punitive
raids, witness protection, tough interrogations, undercover missions,
shootings in crowd, car chases and more Choose between 30 weapons
including pistols, revolvers, sub machine guns, machine guns, assault
rifles, shotguns, sniper rifles, anti air weapons and more.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use included Launcher.exe to set languages

Enjoy our new cracktro by our own demo section. More stuff to come

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Enjoy, seeding at max, also enjoy the norars!