This guidebook is the result of ten years of extremely active personal practice and study of the the phase (lucid dreaming + out-of-body experience (OBE, OOBE) + astral projection), coupled with having successfully taught it to thousands of people. I know all of the obstacles and problems that are usually run into when getting to know this phenomenon, and have tried to protect future practitioners from them in this book.

This guidebook was not created for those who prefer light, empty reading. It is for those who would like to learn something. It contains no speculations or stories, only dry, hard facts and techniques in combination with a completely pragmatic approach and clear procedures for action. They have all been successfully verified by a vast number of practitioners that often had no prior experience. In order to achieve the same result, it is only necessary to read through each section thoroughly and complete the assignments.

The book is beneficial not only for beginners, but also for those who already know what it feels like to have an out-of-body encounter and have a certain amount of experience, as this guidebook is devoted not only to entering the state, but also equally dedicated to controlling it.

Contrary to popular opinion, there is nothing difficult about this phenomenon if one tries to attain it with regular and right effort. On average, results are reached in less than a week if attempts are made every day. More often than not, the techniques work in literally a couple of attempts.

Table of Contents:
Part 1
Entering the Phase State
Chapter 1 – General Background
Chapter 2 – Indirect Techniques
Chapter 3 – Direct Techniques
Chapter 4 – Becoming Conscious While Dreaming
Chapter 5 – Non-autonomous Methods
Part II
Managing the Out-of-Body Experience
Chapter 6 - Deepening
Chapter 7 - Maintaining
Chapter 8 - Primary skills
Chapter 9 - Translocation and Finding Objects
Chapter 10 - Application
Part III
Auxiliary Information
Chapter 11 – Useful Tips
Chapter 12 – Practitioners’ Experiences
Chapter 13 - Putting a Face on the Phenomenon
Chapter 14 – Final Test
Appendix.........214