The man with the red horn (yes, he plays a red trombone) and the smoky voice really hit me right between the eyes this time. An absolutely incredible CD. For those of you who are really into the ABBA thing, stay clear. There is a risk you won't like what Nils and his Funk Unit troopers did to your favourite music. Actually, I have even played this CD to die-hard ABBA-fans of Swedish origin and it took time before they realized what was going on. In other words, not particularly true to the original but who wanted that anyway? Instead, you get the most sensational funk/soul-CD I have heard in a long time. Great musicians, great sound, great music. Buy it.  (Sol Sting, amazon.com)

A great reworking of many of Abba's classics played with funk and style. This album is almost a guilty secret amongst jazz musicians and brass players; torn between the lack of cool of Abba and the seriously great performances and sheer toe-tapping infectious groove of this album. The arrangements are good; some working better than others. Summernight City and Voulez-Vous are stand out tracks for me, plus Benny Andersson dropping in to play piano on When all is said and done.  (Robin Hamilton, amazon.com)

- - -

Nils Landgren Funk Unit - Funky ABBA 2004
(Hamburg Act)

 1. Money, Money, Money
 2. Knowing Me, Knowing You
 3. Voulez-vous
 4. Thank You For The Music
 5. Super Trouper
 6. Summer Night City
 7. Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!
 8. The Name Of The Game
 9. Dancing Queen
10. Take A Chance On Me
11. SOS
12. When All Is Said And Done

Personnel-
Nils Landgren, trombone, vocals
Magnum Coltrane Price, vocals, poetry, synthesizers
Henrik Janson, guitar
Jesper Nordenström, keyboards
Roberto di Gioia, keyboards
Lars DK Danielsson, fender bass
Wolfgang Haffner, drums, backing vocals
Per Lindvall, drums
Karl-Martin Almqvist, tenor saxophone

Guests-
Till Brönner, trumpet
Sharon Dyall, vocals (3, 7)
Viktoria Tolstoy, vocals (6, 12)
Alex Papaconstantinou, bouzouki (3)
Nimo, co-flow (8)    
Benny Andersson, piano (12)	
