 http://bayimg.com/IaHajaaDl

Dev D (2009) 

Dev.D (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1327035/

Hindi language with English subtitles

Dev.D is a 2009 Indian romance film released on 6 February 2009. Written and directed by Anurag Kashyap, the film is a modern day take on Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's classic Bengali novel Devdas,previously adapted for the screen by such revered filmmakers as P.C. Barua and Bimal Roy and more recently by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. Dev.D was embraced by the media, critics and publicalike, and is considered to be amongst path breaking films in Hindi for the way it presented itself.

Devdas (also called Debdas) (1917) is a Bengali Romance novel by Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay. The novella powerfully depicts the prevailing societal customs in Bengal in the early 1900s, which are largely responsible for preventing the happy ending of a genuine love story.

  Abhay Deol  ...  Dev  
  Mahie Gill  ...  Paro  
  Kalki Koechlin  ...  Leni  
  Sindbad Phgura  ...  The Twilight Players  
  Ammo 'Too Sweet'  ...  The Twilight Players (as Ammo 'Too Sweet')  
  Jimi the Quiff  ...  The Twilight Players (as Jimi 'The Quiff')  
  Parakh Madan  ...  Rasika  
  Kuldeep Singh  ...  Paro's father  
  Gurkirtan  ...  Dev's father  
  Sanjay Kumar  ...  Leni's father  
  Aseem Sharma  ...  Bhuvan  
  Satwant Kaur  ...  Dev's mother  
  Shena Gamat  ...  Owner of Hotel Welcome  
  Helen Jones  ...  Leni's mom  
  Binu Dhillon  ...  Dwij Dhillon  

The original idea of film was suggested by Abhay Deol to Anurag Kashyap, who then worked on the script along with Vikramaditya Motwane, using news headlines about Generation X to give the film its youth feel. It was produced by Ronnie Screwvala, and shot in various places including Paharganj in central Delhi. For the scenes where Dev is high, British director Danny Boyle suggested the use of a still camera as Kahyap did not have the budget for special effects.

Anurag Kashyap did not want another remake of any the nine previous films versions titled Devdas. His version was created as a modern take on the 1917 original classic novel by Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay. Kashyap decided he wanted to make his own version of Devdas to reflect the original novel but through 2008 mores, with the lead character of Devdas as a debauching, hypocritical sensualist, who is self destructive without knowing he is destroying himself. Talking about the story and his role as Dev, Abhay Deol told Radio Sargam, The story is very much from the book which I've read in English. I have played the character according to my interpretation of the book. His character was contemporary, he was quite urban in many ways, he's misplaced in the surrounding and has a spoilt, obsessive and addictive personality.

After the box office disaster of Kashyap's No Smoking, it was rumoured that United Television (UTV) had backed out of the director's next project, Dev.D, starring Abhay Deol. But according to sources, UTV had signed Abhay for three projects and the actor had blocked dates from November 2007 to March 2008 for Kashyap's film, as the idea was to wrap up the film in one schedule. When the film hit initial snags and was stalled, it was rumoured that UTV had backed out. At that time, the director denied that UTV had backed out. He explained the delay by saying that he would be able to work on the film once work on the earlier film Hanuman Returns had finished. He said that he was still looking out for his Chandramukhi, and so far had locked in Abhay and newcomer Mahi Gill.,[12] the film was further delayed as he took more time to find an actress suitable for the role of Chandramukhi, which he eventually found with Kalki Koechlin, who was one of the last girls to be auditioned.

Reviews to the film were mostly positive. The widespread acclaim was chiefly due to the film's fearless visual style, its experimental soundtrack and the innovative narrative structure which included dividing the script into chapters as in the films of Quentin Tarantino. Raja Sen of Rediff.com gave the film 3.5/5, calling it a 'fantastic visual ride', and ranked it at No 2 in his list of the Best Movies Of 2009. Times of India reviewer Nikhat Kazmi termed the film as a brilliant breakthrough for Bollywood and rated it 5/5. Shubhra Gupta of Indian Express praised the performance of Abhay Deol and the movie overall. Hindustan Times, praised the film for its slick style and adventurous interpretation that pushes the boundaries of Hindi cinema and rating it as 3.5/5. Noyon Jyoti Parasara of AOL India was completely bowled out by the movie and stated, go and watch Dev D and be blown away by a sample of what Anurag Kashyap is capable of as a director. In response to Abhay Deol's brilliant idea about the film and equally brilliant performance, Shahrukh Khan praised his efforts and said that Abhay is contributing to the new era of indian film industry. The efforts of the sublime actor were recently praised by the Hollywood actor Matt Damon during Venice Film Festival.

The idea of this film was suggested to Anurag Kashyap by Abhay Deol, who plays the lead role. It was once narrated to Anurag at a party by actor Abhay long before he had taken up his acting career.

Director Danny Boyle helped Anurag Kashyap with the 'tripping away' scenes by introducing him to a special camera he (Boyle) had got from Holland. This let Kashyap show whats going on inside characters mind during the drug shots without actually showing drugs.

When asked why he cast newcomer Abhay Deol, director Anurag Kashyap simply replied, He has turned out to be one of the best. When everybody wants to be a Hero, he plays the character.

The location portrayed as Chandigarh Airport (where Dev arrives from London) in the movie is actually Chandigarh Railway Station.

Dev.D was going to mark the debut of Amit Trivedi as a music director but due to various reasons Dev.D took time in getting finished and released and by that time Aamir (2008) got released which eventually became his debut as a composer. Anurag Kashyap had actually recommended Amit Trivedi to Raj Kumar Gupta for Aamir.

Director Cameo: Anurag Kashyap One of Chanda's first clients. The guy whose coat Chanda takes off during the Paayaliya song sequence.

When asked what was the significance of the three guys (the Twilight Players), shown in the movie from time to time, Anurag Kashyap answered, No significance. They were just there witnessing the story. Like Sanjay in the Mahabharat.

The MMS video of Chanda when she was a minor Delhi school girl is inspired by the real life MMS video of a minor Delhi school girl which caused a big scandal in India in 2004. Just like Chanda's father in the movie, the real girl's father killed himself.

There are a number of references to the 2002 film Devdas by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. Lennie/Chanda is watching Devdas in the bus and later in her room in the brothel when she chooses the name Chanda . The hidden bar in New Delhi that Dev visits has a poster of Shah Rukh Khan lighting a cigarette, a screen shot taken from the same movie, outside it

There is scene in Dev D, where Dev is in a bar and in the foreground is Dileep Singh, the protagonist from Gulaal.



