Movies : Documentary : DVD Rip : English


XVID, 512x288, Qf= 0.25, AC3 (224 kbs)
 
http://www.amazon.com/Gunthers-ER-Anatomy-Medical-Emergencies/dp/B0038ZV13O
 
http://ffh.films.com/id/15698/Gunthers_ER_The_Anatomy_of_Medical_Emergencies.htm
 
http://www.lovefilm.com/film/Autopsy-Gunther%27s-ER-The-Anatomy-Of-Medical-Emergencies/146732/

3 Part Series Includes :

Minutes from Death: Oxygen Deprivation

Massive Blood Loss Circulatory System Emergencies

Violent Impact Bone Fractures and Brain Trauma

In Autopsy: Gunthers ER, controversial anatomist Dr Gunther von Hagens, famous for his invention of tissue plastination and his elaborate human dissection exhibits, explores the impact that accidents and assaults have on the human body, while demonstrating what medical staff can do to try to preserve life. Using human cadavers, he approaches his 'patients' in the manner of an emergency room doctor.

Dr. Gunther is back....and this time he’s trying to save lives!

First he dissected human bodies to show you how they work. Next he did it to show you how they die. Now he's going to show you how to save them. Dr Gunther von Hagens presents his third series of lectures given to an audience of body donors and their families.

In these master classes, von Hagens recreates serious injuries on human bodies to reveal just what happens to the body when faced with assaults or accidents and to show what doctors, nurses and first-aiders can do, working against the clock, to try to preserve life.

He is joined by Dr John Heyworth, A&E Consultant, Southampton University Hospitals Trust, whose illuminating commentary is based on his first-hand, frontline experience of a busy Emergency Department. And for the first time, von Hagens has teamed up with the British Red Cross, whose representative, Emma Rand, demonstrates simple First Aid techniques that could mean the difference between life and death.

Famous for his invention of tissue plastination and for his elaborate human dissection exhibits, Gunther von Hagens has turned death into a tool for studying life. In this three-part series, the renowned anatomist uses well-preserved human cadavers to shed light on medical crisis management. Approaching his “patients” in the manner of an emergency room doctor, von Hagens reveals the effects of various injuries and trauma and demonstrates lifesaving measures an ER team would likely take. Viewer discretion is advised. Contains clinically explicit language and demonstrations. 3-part series, 48 minutes each.