All are unabridged and from cassette tapes except #4 which is from CD.
All are 32 kbps / 22 kHz Mono CBR Fraunhofer except #2 which is 64 kbps / 44 kHz Mono.
All these rare titles were ripped by peterg23, except #2 which was kindly provided by meixiang. 

 

#1. Give a Corpse a Bad Name [1940] 6 hours 23 mins, read by Christopher Scott
Set in the Devon countryside this is the first novel to feature Toby Dyke, an ex-reporter of no fixed occupation. In the village of Chovey, widow Anna Milne, formerly of South Africa but now residing at the charming "Laurels" in Chovey, reports to the police that she has run down and killed a man. Oddly, the dead man also comes from South Africa and has Anna Milne's address in his pocket, yet Anna Milne claims not to recognise him. Since the man had been drinking heavily before the fatal accident and she herself had not, no legal culpability is attached to Mrs. Milne. But then anonymous letters begin appearing, suggesting that this accident was no accident! Soon former crime reporter Toby Dyke and his mysterious yet amiable friend George are investigating, with surprising results. And George proves to be no slouch himself in the end. (This is an enjoyable book, with sufficient, and sometimes strong, characterisation, good writing and an interesting puzzle with some coherent clueing.)

#2. Remove the Bodies (aka Rehearsals for Murder) [1940] 6 hours 10 mins, read by Jeremy Sinden
Toby Dyke (an ex-reporter of no fixed occupation) never did find out why poor, pathetic Lou Capell was so desperate to see him. Her body was found the next day – horribly poisoned. Now her house is brimming with suspects, most of whom have more than a passing acquaintance with poisons, and Toby's old adversary, Inspector Vanner. 

#3. Murder of a Suicide ( aka Death in Botanist's Bay) [1941] 5 hours 36 mins, read by Garard Green 
When Toby and his round-faced companion, George get caught in torrential rain one night, they are surprised to find that they are not the only ones out in such a fierce storm. It seems that Edgar Prees, an aging botanist of prestige and reputation, is attempting to commit suicide by jumping off a cliff-top. The two men drive Edgar home, collapsed and shaken. When he is found the next morning - shot to death with his own revolver - it seems that his attempt at suicide has succeeded. But as Toby and George are thrust into the case, it becomes apparent that suicide is not always as simple as it would seem...

#4. Don't Monkey with Murder (aka The Shape of the Stain) [1942] 6 hours 20 mins, read by Raymond Sawyer
"My Irma has been kidnapped away and I am been in anxiety for her life"... ran the ungrammatical line in the letter which brought Mr Toby Dyke and his companion George to East Leat, a lovely village lost in the Downs. But Irma had suffered a fate worse than abduction. She had been fatally stabbed. The distorted body - black, hairy and bloody - was that of a young chimpanzee. The whim of an heiress had drawn renowned psychobiologist Dr Paul Virag from the calm of his experimental station in Tobago to chaperon two prized monkeys, Irma and Leofric, across the Atlantic. He was furious at the interruption to his work - and he would have been more furious still if he'd realised what a sinister turn events were about to take...

#5. Neck in a Noose [1942] 7 hours 31 mins, read by Graham Roberts.
John Lestarke-Toye was sitting upright in his chair, hands clasped and smiling as always - he was also dead. On the carpet, circled by broken furniture, was a pool of blood, yet he died of natural causes. What could the explanation be? Ex-reporter of no fixed occupation Toby Dyke and his friend George set out to solve the mystery.


Enjoy and Seed!!