4Media MP4 Converter 6.5.8 build 0602

4Media MP4 Converter provides the best and easiest MP4 video converting way to convert AVI to MP4, WMV to MP4, MPEG to MP4 and convert MP4 to AVI, MP3 for enjoying the fantastic movies and music on iPod, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, PSP, PS3, Apple TV, Xbox 360, Zune, iRiver PMP, Creative Zen Vision, Archos, etc.

The conversion of High-Definition videos is highly supported to bring you a more vivid movie world. Moreover, this MP4 converter gives you the capacities to take video snapshot, decode CD, customize parameters like bit rate and frame rate, split large files, etc. to realize personalized conversion.

Multithread and batch conversion will make your MP4 converting process faster and easier. Download 4Media MP4 Converter for Windows to colorize your media life now.

Key Features
High MP4 conversion speed
Engined with NVIDIA CUDA & AMD APP technology,Detecting CPU automatically, supporting multithreading conversion, the conversion speed will be promoted with the better performance of your system.

High compatibility of MP4 devices
With 4Media MP4 Converter, almost all video formats can be converted to MP4 videos so as to match PS3, PSP, iPod, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, Apple TV, Xbox 360, Zune, Archos AV500, Archos AV700, Archos Gmini402, iRiver PMP, Creative Zen Vision, etc.

Choose various profiles for one
If you own more than one MP4 players, just choose multiple profiles for the same source to output at one time to meet the needs of multiple players. The profile list is sorted by different types.

Compress or split file
A Bitrate Calculator tool can help you compress a large file to smaller one, and if you want to keep the quality, try to split it into several smaller ones.

More settings
Set start time and duration to get a segment, choose video size, bit rate, frame rate, aspect ratio, audio codec, sample rate and so on in this MP4 video converter.

Batch process
Load as many video files as you like, and convert them to MP4 movies in batches with a single click.

Run in background
For the convenience of running other important programs, you can run 4Media MP4 Converter in background to lower the priority.

After done actions
Set after done action as shutdown, hibernate, standby or exit.

Power Management
Power management and pictures from camera as input are available.

Multiple languages and skins
To cater to kinds of mother-tongue users and moods, five languages and three skins are provided in this MP4 video converter.

Home page - http://www.mp4converter.net/mp4-converter-win.html

