4Media Ringtone Maker v2.0.4.0908

Looking for a smart ringtone maker to turn your beloved songs or video soundtracks into 
ringtones for your iPhone, BlackBerry, Google phone, Windows Mobile, Nokia, Motorola, 
Sony Ericsson, LG, HTC or other mobile phones? 4Media Ringtone Maker can make ringtones
from just about any popular video (even HD) and music format to MP3, WAV, M4R, AMR, M4A
or OGG format. 4Media Ringtone Maker is the ultimate solution for making ringtones in MP3,
WAV, M4R, AMR, M4A and OGG formats for almost all mobile phone types including the iPhone.
This ringtone maker can create ringtones from all popular video and music format files 
including AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, AVCHD, MKV, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP, WMA, WAV,
RA, M4A, MP3 and so on.
Clip any segment you want from your music or movie file, add fade in and fade out effects 
to it, and then check it with the built in player before converting it to your ringtone. 
4Media Ringtone Maker also comes with a user friendly interface and allows you to adjust 
the ringtone volume and output parameters to customize your ringtones.

Key Features

 M4R Ringtone MakerAdd Fading Effects
This ringtone converter software allows you to add fade in and fade out effects to your 
ringtones.

 Make RingtonesExtract Music Segment as Ringtone
Extract the segment you want from a media file by setting its start and end time to 
millisecond and convert it to the ringtone in the format you want.

 MP3 Ringtone Converter Play Your Ringtone
Check the clipped segment, fading effects and volume of the ringtone with the built in 
media player before making ringtones.

 Convert M4A RingtonesAdjust Ringtone Output Parameters
Adjust the bit rate/sample rate/audio channel and set the output format before conversion.

 How to make WAV RingtoneEasy To Use
Import files to be converted into ringtones easily using drag and drop; adjust the ringtone
volume; rename the ringtone at will.

 Convert AMR ringtoneMultilingual Interface
Interface of the ringtone converter is available in English, German, Spanish, French, 
Japanese and Chinese.



System Requirements

OS::Microsoft® Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor::1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM::256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk::50MB space for installation
Graphics Card::Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher.
working.

