Bad Lieutenant - Port Of Call - New Orleans (Herzog, 2009)[+Extras]-aNaRCHo


"No other star can be relied upon to go crazy as prolifically as Nicolas Cage, whose career is a complete pinball machine - one minute he’s doing family blockbuster duties in National Treasure, the next he’s donned a solemn rictus for World Trade Center, and then he’s yelping and running away from bees in Neil LaBute’s laughable remake of The Wicker Man.

The line between good and bad Cage simply doesn’t exist in the way it does for other actors: he’s great when he’s ridiculous, and when the film knows he is. Otherwise he’s just ridiculous.

Crazy is written all over The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call – New Orleans, to give Werner Herzog’s certifiable noir drama its full and unwieldy title.

Herzog has borrowed little from Abel Ferrara’s altogether dourer 1992 Bad Lieutenant except those two words and a guiding principle of dangerous excess. This means we are, thankfully, spared the sight of Harvey Keitel jiggling his bits.

Cage’s Terence McDonagh is a drug-snorting, hunchbacked, epically corrupt homicide cop, whose typical day involves popping in on a scene of multiple immigrant murders, in between a visit to his bookie (Brad Dourif), an attempt to steal requisitioned cocaine from the police property room, and a stop-and-search outside a club with the main objective of getting high in front of the gobsmacked felons.

Plot, in William M Finkelstein’s dubious screenplay, is not plot but a collision of simultaneous occurrences. It’s certainly not a thriller.

McDonagh functions as a virtual pimp to his girlfriend (Eva Mendes, sympathetic as a strung-out, kept girl), whom he checks in on from time to time, and we realise that the murder case is mainly there to give Cage a hysterical scene screaming obscenities at two old biddies in a nursing home, one of whose breathing tubes he unplugs to get information. “You’re the f---ing reason this country’s going down the drain!” he politely informs her.

Taking this film seriously, as some devout fans have tried to do, is frankly unwise, for all the common ground it shares with the crime fiction of James Lee Burke. It’s a joke, a riff, almost a spoof. The grimy digital photography achieves a certain flatly fitting, post-Katrina realism, but otherwise Cage’s manic grandiosity — I particularly loved him yelling “To the break of dawn!” for no clear reason — competes with whatever other madness Herzog can chuck at him.

Shea Whigham, as a well-connected thug with a mannered, taunting way of making an exit, wins the supporting derby, though Jennifer Coolidge’s dishevelled, beer-swilling stepmom runs him a close second.

And forget the humans — Herzog’s loopiest experiment here is to turn the whole film into a free-form documentary on Louisiana reptile life. Just wait for the trippy cameo he gives a pair of hallucinated iguanas, who turn to the camera rolling their eyes at Cage’s deranged routines, keen to show us how it should really be done. "--Tim Robey

EXTRA FEATURES INCLUDE:
-photo gallery (31xjpgs)
-interviews with nicholas cage, eva mendes & werner herzog
-the making of bad lieutenant - port of call new orleans (2009)
-trailers

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!