
This is a Release of Love and Other Drugs (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at: 1.6GB
This Release includes:
- Love and Other Drugs (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-Deleted Scenes
	-Love & Other Drugs: An Actor’s Discussion
	-Beautifully Complex: Anne Hathaway is Maggie
	-Reformed Womanizer: Jake Gyllenhaal is Jamie
	-Selling Love & Other Drugs
	-Theatrical Trailer
-Love and Other Drugs Front & Back DVD Covers
That’s the WHOLE DVD RIPPED FOR YOU TO ENJOY with ALL THE SPECIAL FEATURE EXTRAS included and found nowhere else on the net!! Please seed and ENJOY! Cheers…vladtepes3176
PLOT: Love and Other Drugs is a 2010 comedy-drama film co-written and directed by Edward Zwick, (Legends Of The Fall, Glory) based on the non-fiction book Hard Sell: The Evolution of a Viagra Salesman by Jamie Reidy. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway in their second film together, following Brokeback Mountain in 2005. Maggie (Hathaway) is an alluring free spirit who won't let anyone - or anything - tie her down. But she meets her match in Jamie (Gyllenhaal), whose relentless and nearly infallible charm serve him well with the ladies and in the cutthroat world of pharmaceutical sales. Maggie and Jamie's evolving relationship takes them both by surprise, as they find themselves under the influence of the ultimate drug: love.

CAST:
Jake Gyllenhaal as Jamie Randall
Anne Hathaway as Maggie Murdock
Josh Gad as Josh Randall
Judy Greer as Cindy
Gabriel Macht as Trey Hannigan
Oliver Platt as Bruce Jackson
Hank Azaria as Dr. Knight
George Segal as Dr. James Randall
Jill Clayburgh as Nancy Randall
Katheryn Winnick as Lisa
Jaimie Alexander as Carol
Nikki DeLoach as Christy
Brian Hutchison as Homeless Man


DETAILS: 
English
IMBD: tt0758752
Run Time: 112 Minutes

Product Description from back of DVD
Academy Award Nominees Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway co-star in “the smartest, sexiest and downright best screen-melting romance of the year” (Parade ). Hathaway delivers an unforgettable performance as the free-spirited Maggie, who meets her match in a charming Viagra salesman named Jamie (Gyllenhaal). Maggie and Jamie leap into a no-strings-attached affair, but no matter how hard they try to keep things “casual,” they can’t help falling under the influence of the ultimate drug...love!

PLEASE SEED…Cheers….vladtepes3176
