All from CD and unabridged. 48kbps / 44 kHz Mono CBR MP3. 

 

#1. Corn Dolls [2006] 11 hours 56 mins, read by Steve Hodson.
This book seems like a conventional British police-based mystery/thriller at first - we get an interesting DI getting enmeshed in a series of murders in a rural Cambridgeshire village. Within a few pages it's clear this is a rather unusual book: the police story gets entwined with ancient pagan rituals, the Russian army, the winter of discontent and people who think they're still fighting a war that goes back a thousand years. What this writer does so well is to keep all this steaming along at high speed while still making you care deeply about the characters. It's a page-turner but with amazingly atmospheric settings and characters that really stay in the mind. A brilliant series start. [MariaH]

#2. Steel Witches [2007] 10 hours 4 mins, read by James Price 
Tom Fletcher has left the police force, and it's cold outside. Working as a private investigator in Cambridge, Tom is dragged back into his own troubled family history by an enigmatic message from his missing father. Somehow, he seems to be connected to the disappearance and murder of a young law student, who was working in a hostess bar.As a massive storm tracks across Europe and begins to batter the low-lying fen country, so Tom's inquiries begin to spiral into ever deeper and darker conspiracies. How is a high-tech American company involved in an officially-suppressed story from the Second World War? Where is the long-disused US Air Force base that seems to be the key to a centuries-old mystery, and who were the haunting, haunted sisters who played such a part in a drama that is still reaching out to claim Tom Fletcher?

#3. Cut Out [2009] 9 hours 30 mins, read by Peter Wickham (many thanks to Shauna for supplying this one)
Tom Fletcher was formerly a police detective (in 'Corn Dolls') and then a private eye (in 'Steel Witches'). In this, the third and apparently final book in the trilogy, he is living a self-sufficient lifestyle on a small farm in Cambridgeshire, complete with apple orchard and beehives. His life, with his wife and two little children, seems almost perfect, but his peaceful family life is shattered when a Cambridge don with links to Fletcher's wife is found murdered. As Fletcher investigates, he soon finds himself in the line of fire. What links an abandoned military mental hospital with the menacing group of ex-soldiers who are threatening Fletcher's family? And what did the don find out that got him killed? Fletcher must find answers fast, before he and his family face deadly consequences....

'Could just possibly turn Tom Fletcher into another Inspector Morse' - The Times

'An author to watch' - Mark Billingham
 
http://www.patrick-lennon.com/


Enjoy and Seed!!