The 4th generation poser model,Michael 4 ,3D Basic characters based on Michael too ,required for additional poser content/characters.
The pack has additional content:

M4 Ethnic Faces
M4 Elite Body Shapes
M4 Shape of a Man

Optional : "M4 Enhanced Mina" and magnets (create your own "shemale") might not work, maybe need additional content.If its not working then just unistall or delete it from content folder.

To see the full content of pack click on Files from torrent description.All are gathered from internet and carefuly sorted with addons.
Start install first the outside installers.Those are main and high priority required (example Michael 4 BASE ).

FAQ :

Q. Where do i install all these things ?
A. You need to have installed DAZ or poser.When you start each file to install it will prompt you to install in the "content" folder of DAZ.(tested and working on XP SP 3 with DAZ 3.24.).Srry i dont know how or where to put in vista or 7,POST A COMMENT to help others if you know/can.

Q... Are these installers safe ??
A... This content has been scanned with AVG free edition 2012.Feel free to scan with your AV soft , do whatever you like . I dont like to post infected files , i wont win nothing anyway lol.And my post/work here will be in vane..torrent dying.

Q... Seems some installers are incomplete for example i saw the "ds" version but i dont see the poser version ? Where is it ?
A... All are gathered from internet and this is all i could get to make this pack .Sorry if you need something else and you cant find it here.


Q... I have DAZ 4 (GENESIS) but seems buggy or not uploading some content from here ?
A... Try DAZ 3D 3.24 , an older version older but will work 100%.I am still using DAZ 3.24 and im not gonna switch to 4 so soon:)..Usualy all DAZ 3D 3.x content should work in DAZ 4.x 


Q. My DAZ 3D 3.x crashed and i lost all the content organizing work...Now i have to take/sort all over again ?
A. Yes it is strongly recommended that you should sort again but dont forget to use BACKUP DATABASE SCRIPT from DAZ forums.

Q... Uhm my question is not here ..
A... Google and DAZ Forums are your best advisors/friends :)


Enjoy the pack and create best render scenes ever.If you like it you can buy it , devs team deserve a support.
Dont be selfish,seed at least 1:1 size downloaded.