

Internet Issues & ET Communications
-----------------------------------
Date: 03-22-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: George Kavassilas, Dezso Molnar, Lauren Weinstein


In the middle two hours, Internet privacy expert Lauren Weinstein spoke about various net-related issues, as well as new biometric measures by the FBI. The agency recently announced its next generation system for accessing a fingerprint identification database, integrated with various law enforcement partners. Interestingly, he said that forthcoming biometric systems may be able to ID people by their specific gait, and unique odor.

He also spoke about Facebook privacy issues, and efforts to block people from commenting if they can't be fully identified. This kills the ability for people to leave honest messages in situations where their identity should be protected, he noted. Weinstein explained how "phishing" works, in which, for example, millions of scattershot emails are sent out, pretending to be from a person's bank, in the hopes of getting customers to provide their passwords, and account information.

--------------

Last hour guest, ET contactee George Kavassilas talked about his encounters with both positive and malevolent aliens and the information they have shared with him. He described experiencing the "fifth dimension" in which everything is in harmony, and at one with God; no one eats or sleeps and everyone lives on live energy. According to his contacts, there will be a mass evacuation of the planet in 2012, but he recommends not leaving the Earth. He also spoke about his vibrational & etheric journeys to places such as Mars and the moon.

Flying Vehicle:
First hour guest, inventor Dezso Molnar discussed his prototype for a flying motorcycle (see drawing below), which he designed for massive cities like Sao Paolo or Beijing where it can take hours to move through crosstown traffic. The gyroplane-type craft he is designing can fly as high as 10,000 ft., but can quickly land if the weather turns inclement. Eventual cost for the vehicle will be around $100,000, and require a pilot's license to fly, he said.


News segment guests: Capt. Kelly Sweeney, Ryan Mauro, Andre Eggelletion


Websites:
georgekavassilas.org
molnari.com
vortex.com
pfir.org
















