Tirukkural of Tiruvalluvar - English Translation[Complete][Team Nanban][TPB]




Tirukkural, sometimes spelt 'Thirukkural, is a classic of couplets or Kurals (1330 rhyming Tamil couplets) or aphorisms celebrated by Tamils.

It was authored by Thiruvalluvar, a poet who is said to have lived anytime between the 2nd and 6th centuries AD. 

Although the exact period of its composition is still disputed, scholars agree that it was produced in the late Tamil Sangam period. 

The Thirukkural expounds on various aspects of life and is one of the most important works in the Tamil language. 

This is reflected in some of the other names by which the text is known: Tamil marai (Tamil Vedas); poyyamozhi (words that never fail); and Daiva nool (divine text).

The book is considered to precede Manimekalai and Silapathikaram since they both acknowledge the Kural text.

Thirukkural (or the Kural) is a collection of 1330 Tamil couplets organised into 133 chapters. 

Each chapter has a specific subject ranging from "ploughing a piece of land" to "ruling a country". It preaches simplicity and truth thorugh out its verses . 

According to the LIFCO Tamil-Tamil-English dictionary, the Tamil word Kural literally means "short verse", and is typified by the Venpa metre that consists of two lines. 

In the aspect of metre & brevity, and the profoundity of expression,Thirukkural comes under one of the four categories of Venpas (Tamil verses) called Kural Venpa. 

The 1330 couplets are arranged into 3 main sections and 133 chapters. Each chapter contains 10 couplets. 

A couplet consists of seven cirs, with four cirs on the first line and three on the second. A cir is a single or a combination of more than one Tamil word. 

For example, Thirukkural is a cir formed by combining the two words Thiru and Kural, i.e. Thiru + Kural = Thirukkural. 

It has been translated to various other languages.

There are claims and counter claims as to the authorship of the book and to the exact number of couplets written by Thiruvalluvar. 

The first instance of the author's name mentioned as Thiruvalluvar is found to be several centuries later in a song of praise called Garland of Thiruvalluvar in Thiruvalluva Malai.

Most of the Researchers and great Tamil Scholars like George Uglow Pope or 
G.U. Pope who had spent many years in Tamil Nadu and translated many Tamil texts into English, which includes Thirukkural.


This is one of the GREATEST TAMIL WORK WHICH HAS REDEFINED THE HUMAN SOULS..!!

PLZ SEED THIS TORRENT AFTER DOWNLOADING...DONT LET DOWN THIRUVALLUVAR AND HIS GREAT THAMIZH...

SO PLZ SEED THIS GOOD TORRENT...THANK YOU..