Amaranthe is a Swedish/Danish power metal/melodic death metal band that originates from Sweden and Denmark. Formed by Jake E (Dreamland, Dream Evil) and Olof Mörck (Dragonland, Nightrage), the project began taking shape when singers Elize Ryd (Toured: Kamelot) and Andreas Solvestrom (Cipher System, Within Y), signed on, as did drummer Morten Løwe Sørensen (The Cleansing, Koldborn, Mercenary). Johan Andreassen (Engel) joined after the photoshoot for Leave Everything Behind but before the recording of Amaranthe.
In May 2009, the band was forced to change their name from Avalanche due to legal issues. They later released their first demo, Leave Everything Behind.
The band's debut album, Amaranthe, charted in Sweden and Finland (wikipedia)

- - -

Amaranthe is the self titled debut album by the newcomer Swedish melodic metal band. Amaranthe is a multi-fronted metal outfit, essentially the group features three lead singers: female vocalist Elize Ryd, male singer Jake E. Lundberg and screamer/brutal vocalist Andreas Solvestrom. The instrumental line up features guitarist/keyboardist Olof Morck, bassist Johan Andreassen and drummer Morten Sorensen. One has to agree that Amaranthe's band format is rather unique, although perhaps slightly over the top in the eyes of a more conservative rock/metal audience.

In terms of song-writing Amaranthe is melodic metal, built on thick guitar riffs, melodic keyboards, double bass drumming, a mixture of clean and brutal vocals, inventive guitar solos and the catchiest choruses one could wish for.

Focusing on the singers, all three vocalists participate on each and every song, Elize is probably the most featured voice, followed by Jake who duets her and adds to the musical dialogue, while Andreas screams a couple of lines of each song while having minimal presence during the choruses (which as mentioned are very melodic and have a rather mainstream quality). If one had to pick a vocalist, I would say that Elize is the most impressive character of Amaranthe being easily one of the most vocally proficient female singers in metal and with each song she uncovers a bit more of her vocal ability; never forgetting to mention her physical statue (to say that she is just beautiful, is an understatement). At this point one suggest that you check their promo video Hunger which is nothing less than a mini-action movie, being also representative of their musical style. Favorite tracks include 1 million lightyears, Rain, Enter the maze and Automatic.

Amaranthe definitely emerge under an original band concept, solid song-writing and talented performers yet-as with any musical novelty-it is up to each individual listener to decide whether the approach of Amaranthe works for them.  (review, amazon.com)

- - -

Amaranthe - Amaranthe 2011 
(Helsingfors Spinefarm)

 1. Leave everything behind 
 2. Hunger 
 3. 1.000.000 lightyears 
 4. Automatic 
 5. My transition 
 6. Amaranthine 
 7. Rain 
 8. Call out my name 
 9. Enter the maze 
10. Director's cut 
11. Act of desperation 
12. Serendipity
