CoPilot Live 9.1.0.107 for the iPhone, covers the UK and Ireland:

"
Now There's a Better Way to Navigate
CoPilot Live Premium is the essential voice-guided sat nav app to get you where you need to go, by the way that suits you best.

Detailed street maps of UK and Ireland are stored on-board your iPhone so you don’t need to rely on your mobile connection for navigation or worry about losing directions in coverage dead spots.

★ THE BEST ROUTE FOR YOU
CoPilot Live Premium puts you in control, with a choice of routes to your destination. Think you know better than CoPilot? Simply drag your route or destination to a different street for the ultimate in personal navigation.

★ TAP, DISCOVER, GO!
Tap on the map to go there, discover more information or share the location with friends via Facebook Places check-ins or Twitter. Search Wikipedia or Bing™ directly from CoPilot and find all the local places you need.

★ ACTIVETRAFFIC™
CoPilot’s optional ActiveTraffic service uses real-time traffic conditions to intelligently calculate the fastest route to your destination and automatically avoid delays. (In-app subscription purchase required.)

All the navigation features you need, when you need them:
✔ Turn-by-turn directions door to door
✔ Text-to-Speech (TTS) voice guidance with full street names
✔ Easy to use, intuitive user interface and controls
✔ Alternate Routes: choose from up to 3 ways to your destination
✔ Drag the route or destination to fine-tune your itinerary
✔ Clear, non-distracting 3D, 2D and Directions guidance views
✔ Lane indicator arrows and realistic ClearTurn™ view make complex junctions simple
✔ Interactive map: tap on any road to navigate there or discover location-specific details
✔ Offline walking mode with support for iPhone 4 digital compass
✔ Speed limit display and warnings if you exceed it
✔ Park My Car to easily locate your vehicle
✔ Detour feature to avoid specific sections of your route
✔ Powerful pre-trip planning and unique multi-stop itinerary optimizer
✔ Navigate to a house number, street, contact, favourite, geo-coded photo or UK postcode
✔ Safety camera warnings as standard with free database updates

Premium quality digital maps from NAVTEQ:
✔ Detailed street maps of UK and Ireland on-board your iPhone
✔ Thousands of useful Points of Interest (POIs) that you can dial from in-app

Live Services to keep you informed on the move:
✔ Bing™ Local Search
✔ Find interesting places nearby using Wikipedia
✔ In-app Facebook Places check-ins and Twitter status updates
✔ Real-time weather forecasts at your location or destination

Optional Premium Live services available via auto-renewing in-app purchase:

★ ActiveTraffic™: real-time traffic flow information to intelligently calculate the fastest route to your destination and automatically avoid delays. Subscription Length: 12 Months, price: £9.99

Notes about optional subscriptions:
► Payment for optional ActiveTraffic subscription will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
► Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
► Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period
► Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase"