THE DESIGN OF LIFE: Discovering Signs of Intelligence in Biological Systems

by
William A. Dembski, Ph.D (Mathematics)
&
Jonathan Wells, Ph.D (Molecular & Cell Biology)
 
http://i860.photobucket.com/albums/ab161/uflinks/design-of-life.jpg
 
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2252713.The_Design_of_Life

"When future intellectual historians list the books that toppled Darwin's theory, The Design of Life will be at the top."
- Michael J. Behe, Ph.D., Prof. of Biochemistry, Lehigh University

"I would enthusiastically adopt The Design of Life as a required text in courses in evolution and the origin of life and in graduate seminars on information theory and molecular biology, and use it as a supplement in introductory biology classes... I salute Dembski and Wells for a most worthy addition to the already powerful case that intelligent design deserves a seat at the academic table in university biology courses and with all scientists working to unlock the mystery of life's origin."
- Dean H. Kenyon, Ph.D in Biophysics, Emeritus Professor of Biology, San Francisco State University

"Gives all interested parties in the debate over biological origins the hard scientific evidence they need to assess the true state of Darwin's theory and of the theory of intelligent design. But it does much more: it carefully fosters the attitude of open inquiry that science needs not only to thrive but also to avoid becoming the plaything of special interests."
- William S. Harris, Research Professor, Sanford School of Medicine, University of South Dakota

"Essential reading for students at all levels - even those at the professorial level! There is something here for everyone... This book sets a new benchmark - a statement of our contemporary understanding biological origins - and as such one that Darwinian theorists will have to take seriously and respond to in an equally good book if they are to maintain any academic credibility (i.e. beyond the micro-evolution level)." 
- Christopher D. Beling, Associate Professor of Physics, University of Hong Kong

"Systematically reviews past and present theories of evolution and reveals their utter inadequacy to explain the origin of the complex and intricate mechanisms that comprise living systems... The authors outline a practical approach that allows intelligent causation to enter the equation without being a science stopper... Inclusion of intelligent causation in the scientific equation is not novel and has not impeded the practice of science in the past, e.g. Newton and Kepler, in an age when science was not constrained by a philosophical materialism, and by many current scientists who have remained open to following the evidence where it leads. This is an important work that should be read by all students and practitioners of science."
- Donald L. Ewert, Ph.D in Microbiology (University of Georgia) 

"I disagree strongly with the position taken by William Dembski. But I do think that he argues strongly and that those of us who do not accept his conclusions should read his book and form our own opinions and counter-arguments. He should not be ignored."
- Michael Ruse, Professor of Philosophy, Florida State University [Re: No Free Lunch by William Dembski]


ISBN-10: 0980021308
ISBN-13: 978-0980021301
423 pages (including General Notes from CD-ROM)

High Resolution Full-Colour Scan
140 MB  PDF file


