Ashampoo Registry Cleaner 1.0.0.0 Multilanguage

If you want to keep your computer running and want it to be as fast as the day you got it you need to keep your registry clean which is pretty hard to do :) at this point Ashampoo provides a handy app to keep it clean. Worth the try. (Includes both 32 and 64 bit systems reg files.)


Do you remember how trouble-free and fast your new PC was? Regain some of that performance by updating the Windows® registry with the Ashampoo Registry Cleaner. The Windows® registry is, in a way, the administrative center of your system. Different settings and configuration data for Windows® and most of your program’s settings, like for example autostart settings, are saved there. Over time errors creep in the registry. One result is that your PC will become slower, e.g. when starting the system. Problems when uninstalling software and a large number of error messages could point to problems in the Windows® registry.

With the Ashampoo Registry Cleaner you will easily and safely delete redundant or damaged registry entries. Faulty links in the registry are also repaired. The real-time backup in the Ashampoo Registry Cleaner offers a maximum of safety and enables the restoring of the windows® registry into its original status anytime.You’ll be amazed how the Ashampoo Registry Cleaner will quickly and easily improve the performance of your PC!

Functions and features of the program:
- Simple, intuitive user interface
- Optimized search algorithms
- Fully-automatic removal of redundant entries
- Repair of faulty links and damaged entries
- Search for registry entries that might invade the user’s privacy
- Real-time backup

Small, excellent and highly effective
The Ashampoo Registry Cleaner, with its easy and intuitive handling, works quickly and effectively and ensures a clean registry on the basis of optimized search algorithms. The program with easy-to-use user interface is especially suited for newcomers. Prior knowledge of the Windows® registry is not required.

Functionality
The windows® registry, the control center of your system, saves all system settings and the settings of your hardware and software. If your registry is not regularly checked and cleaned, many problems can arise. Therefore your windows® registry, just like your hard disc drive, should be maintained regularly.

Safety first
Optimal search algorithms based on more than a decade of experience lead to perfect search results. These also provide safe and extensive cleaning of the Windows® Registry which is guaranteed by the connection to the real-time backup.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1350+ torrents                                                                                 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay