Songs from the movie Tin Men (1987) 320k (musicfromrizzo) Soundtrack

This is a greatest movie for me personally with truly outstanding
music equally!

When they buried the movie at some point - by all appearances 
(they've done this before), they did the same to the soundtrack too.
(Apparently, as I couldn't buy the CD or a download for love nor money!
anywhere at all it seems). Nowhere to be found! Its isn't just arrogant
for them to act this way, not even just inane in poor business judgment
- but rather O would suggest "insane" better fits the picture of the
bureaucrat in Hollywood named Bill Gates who has not a clue of when he's
acting too much like hes' missing a full deck to give a darn as he should
be made to! I guess they don't need the money, jut the joy of inflicting
petty ans insane decisions on a movie audience that deserves better now
that we've grown attached to this release.

Well anyways, as long a you never pay the man again, my time hasn't been
wasted in this regard too, as he does nothing but put out rubbish lately
having altogether gone senile in losing his marbles completely it would seem.

Great music though, I sourced the main song features in flac files
which I converted into great mp3 quality (the song "Good Times" sounds
like dance hall quality - I kid you not!) some are remastered and a bit
of licence is taken with a song done by Sinatra which we gave to Julie
London here as Sinatra appears on another title below in fine form already!

All are at 320k except one that is nowhere to be found in any better than 192k however it sounds just as good I assure you - so I apologize if you feel
mistook here in any such respect too.

Enjoy this thrilling set of songs 

Michael Rizzo Chessman
musicfromrizzo


Antonio Carlos Jobim - How Insensitive (featured with Frank Sinatra)
Dusty Springfield - Wishin' and Hopin'
Elvis Presley - (Marie's The Name) His Latest Flame
Fine Young Cannibals - Good Thing
Fine Young Cannibals - She Drives Me Crazy
Fine Young Cannibals - Social Security
Fine Young Cannibals - Suspicious Minds
Fine Young Cannibals - Tell Me What
Gene Pitney - (The Man Who Shot) Liberty Valance
Jo Stafford - All Things You Are
Jo Stafford - You Belong To Me
Johnny Mathis - It's Not for Me to Say
Julie London - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning
Nat King Cole - Sweet Lorraine (Digitally remastered)
Otis Redding - Try A Little Tenderness
Ritchie Valens - La Bamba (Digitally remastered)
The Lafayettes - Lifes-Too-Short
Vic Damone - The Girl from Ipanema