Summoners!

Over the last couple of months we’ve been working on an action plan to drastically reduce the amount of service impacting issues affecting our European platform. We’re finally at a point that we can share our plans to bring more stability to Europe.

Presently, the PvP.net service in Europe is supporting hundreds of thousands summoners playing League of Legends at any given time – orders of magnitude bigger than what a typical massively multiplayer environment supports! And while we’re extremely excited by the enthusiasm and passion that you have all shown for the game, it has presented complications that we have been trying to resolve. Specifically, we want to reduce lengthy login queues at peak hours, eliminate our reliance on New York based overflow servers, and drastically reduce the number of unexpected server outages.

For these reasons, we have been making preparations to split our European service onto two new platforms: EU West and EU Nordic & East. Once this split is complete, your summoner will only be accessible on the platform that you’ve landed on. Each of these platforms will be able to support the same number of players as the current European environment, dramatically increasing our service quality and paving the way for future growth.

That being said, switching over to our new, dual platform setup will be quite the logistical feat. In the coming weeks we will be assigning players to their new platform. We did our best to avoid separating groups of friends, but if you should find yourself unsatisfied with your destination platform, we will be facilitating one free transfer between the two platforms following shortly after the split.  In the meantime, we’re putting restrictions in place to improve stability for those already in-game.

If you have a specific question about the split that hasn’t been answered here, please visit our European Platform Split FAQ. After a visit there, if you still find that your question wasn’t answered, please ask us in this thread.

It’s been quite a journey, summoners of Europe, and we’re excited to be able to bring you a service upgrade that should bring about a lasting resolution to your concerns! Thanks for your patience, and thank you for playing League of Legends.