Free Download Manager 3.8.1090 Beta 4 Multi Lang [ Team MJY ]

[img]http://i23.fastpic.ru/big/2011/0610/31/7f9118cfb2104b4fdd3798090d3d5331.jpg[/img]

Free Download Manager (FDM) is a light-weight, powerful and easy-to-use application, a full-featured download accelerator and manager. Moreover, FDM is 100% safe, open-source software distributed under GPL license. FDM allows you to download files and whole web sites from any remote server via HTTP, HTTPS and FTP. With FDM the downloading process will be as easy as never! With FDM you needn't start the downloading from the beginning after casual interruption. You can resume unfinished download from the place where it have been interrupted. Also this program warns you if some servers don't support download resuming. It allows you to make a decision about the downloading. So with FDM you save your time and money.

 Free Download Manager never downloads the whole file at once. It splits files into several sections and then downloads them at the same time allowing you to increase your download speed up to 600%. Free Download Manager can be used to organize your downloads, set the connection, launch the programs. Features of the download manager include: easy integration with Internet Explorer and Opera, powerful scheduler, antivirus integration, adjusting traffic usage, resuming downloads, downloading complete websites, http/ftp/bittorrent support...

Free Download Manager Features:-

❖ Free Download Manager is released under GNU Public License!

 ❖ Download files using BitTorrent protocol (available in Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista).

 ❖ Upload your files or folders easily to share them with other users.

 ❖ Download video from video sites, such as Youtube, Google Video, etc. The video can then be saved in native .flv format or converted to one of more popular video formats.

 ❖ Create new downloads or view the list of active and completed downloads remotely, via the internet.

 ❖ If you want to use Free Download Manager on different computers, you can easily create its portable version and avoid the need to install and configure the program on each computer.

 ❖ Preview audio/video files before download is completed and convert file format after download.

 ❖ Free Download Manager is free, open-source software distributed under GPL license.

 ❖ Free Download Manager splits files into several sections and downloads them simultaneously, allowing you to use any type of connection at the maximum available speed. With FDM download speed increases, or even more!

 ❖ When the downloading process is interrupted, you needn't start from the beginning again. Free Download Manager can resume broken download from where it was interrupted saving your time, nerves and money.

 ❖ With FDM you can easily organize downloaded files by their type, placing them in predefined folders. A smart scheduler allows you to start and pause downloading files, as well as perform other actions (launch other applications, establish or hang up connection, etc.) at the set time.

 ❖ There are several traffic usage modes. You can adjust traffic usage for browsing the Internet and downloading files at the same time.

 ❖ Site Explorer lets you view the folders structure of a web site and easily download necessary files or folders.

 ❖ You can download whole web pages or even whole web sites with HTML Spider. The tool can be adjusted to download files with specified extensions only.

 ❖ Free Download Manager is able to download files from several mirrors simultaneously.

 ❖ Free Download Manager lets you download only the necessary part of a zip file.

 ❖ You can read what other community members say about the file you are going to download, right in the program window, and also leave your own opinion about the file you downloaded. In this way FDM users are always warned against useless or malicious files.

Multi language support:-

Free Download Manager is translated into 30 languages. Supported languages are: Macedonian, Serbian, Albanian, Croatian, Korean, Arabic, Brazilian Portuguese, Bulgarian, Chinese Traditional, Chinese, Czech, German, Dutch, French, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese-Brazil, Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Uzbek, Greek, Vietnamese, Slovenian, Persian.

System requirements:-

In order to use FDM, you must have one of the following operating systems installed on your computer:

 Microsoft Windows 9x/ME/2000/2003/XP/Vista (32bit versions only)

[img]http://ewandoo.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Free-Download-Manager.jpg[/img]

