


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 30 -  July 7th Domestic Terror




POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 30 - July 7th Domestic Terror


Description:

In this 7/7 Bombings Mega Pack update, you will find many recent documentaries or presentations discussing, evaluating, and exposing false and misleading information pertaining to the historic attack in London and the Oslo attacks.  Discover for yourself what others are finding out concerning the truth behind such sinister acts.

Included are:
7/7 'The Ripple Effect' is THE best video yet produced in respect of what really happened in London on 7th July 2005. Whereas Alex 'I Am A Zionist Disinformationalist' Jones' 'Terrorstorm' acknowledges that Israel had foreknowledge of the event, his documentary does not, however, go anywhere near the issue of Mossad involvement. On the contrary, Jones heads in the opposite direction as per usual and tries to convince us that MI5 did it.

Indeed, Alex Jones is on the record as saying that his research offers "conclusive evidence" that British intelligence were the perpetrators. While MI5 were most definitely involved in the atrocities - in a faciltating role at the very least - all the evidence points towards the Israeli Mossad being responsible for executing the bombings. Unlike 'Terrorstorm', 'Ludicrous Diversions' and 'Mind The Gap', 'The Ripple Effect' acknowledges this fact.

'The Ripple Effect' is THE definitive video on the 7/7 bombings. The producer has done a wonderful job in putting together a comprehensive list of verifiable, documented facts which offer conclusive proof that the official account of the events of 7th July is a lie. Spread this video far, spread it wide.


7-7 London Bombings- Mind the Gap
Documentary detailing the gaps in the official story of the 7/7 London Bombings that demand further attention. This film, presented by ex-Mi5 whistleblower David Shayler, argues the need for an Independant Public Inquiry into 7/7 and the surrounding events.  It is now clear that false flag operations are part of a strategy of tension designed to instill fear in the civilian population and create unprovoked hatred towards minority groups.

Why has there been no public investigation into the London explosions of 7th July 2005? This investigative documentary uncovers evidence that points to a high-level cover-up & asks why the media are reporting the four suspects as 'suicide bombers' when there is little or no evidence in the public domain that they were. Narrated by ex-MI5 officer David Shayler, this 40 minute film cuts through leaks and spin to explain why the official government story of the four lone suicide bombers just does not add up.

David Shayler's job in MI5 was protecting the British public from terrorist attack. He has studied the events of 7/7 thoroughly and concluded that the official account of four lone suicide bombers just does not add up.
Highlighting little-known facts from last year's attacks he gives the audience a briefing, much like one he would have given to the Prime Minister of the day.
Why are there so many gaps in the official story? A vast amount of unsubstantiated stories have been published by the press, why the confusion? Were the men duped? Were they really suicide bombers? Why have no CCTV images of the suspected bombers on the tube network that day been released? What are the parallels with the 9/11 attacks?
These and many more questions challenging the official version of events are explored. As survivors, politicians and religious leaders are again calling for a public inquiry into the attacks, this film shows why such an inquiry is necessary.

David Shayler's biog: On graduating in 1989 David Shayler joined the Sunday Times. Six months later, he left the newspaper to set up his own student publication with a circulation of 25,000. In 1991, David joined MI5 as a counter-intelligence officer.
In 1996, after being briefed about an MI6-funded operation to assassinate Colonel Gaddafi of Libya which killed innocent civilians he resigned from the service. In August 1997, he submitted a series of articles blowing the whistle on his previous employers. He fled to France before he could be arrested. A year later, he was imprisoned with a view to extradition. The French court refused the request because David's alleged offence was political.

In 2000, David voluntarily returned to the UK. In 2002 he was tried and convicted under the Official Secrets Act and sentenced to six months in prison. Since his release, he has helped his partner Annie Machon, also a former MI5 officer, to write Spies, Lies and Whistleblowers, MI5, MI6 and the Shayler Affair, which details corruption and incompetence at the heart of the British intelligence establishment.

David has now turned his full attention to exposing false flag operations like 9/11. He is a key member of the UK and Ireland Truth Campaign. He has more recently been investigating the inconsistencies regarding the 7th July bombings for a book which is to be finished soon.
Aside from the terrible unnecessary loss of life, what's very disturbing for me is the lack of a public enquiry into the events. A new film '7/7 Mind The Gap' collates the evidence and poses important questions to viewers and politicians alike.

The film premiered at Bristol's Cube Cinema on Sunday 2 July 2006.  It makes compelling viewing and I trust that mainstream jounalists will now continue with the investigation they began in July 2005. Justice and a full investigation is due to those who lost loved ones including the families of the alleged bombers.


7 7 - Ludicrous Diversion
On the 7th of July 2005 London was hit by a series of explosions. You probably think you know what happened that day. But you don’t. The police have, from the onset of their investigation, chosen to withold from the public almost every bit of evidence they claim to have and have provably lied about several aspects of the London Bombings. The mainstream news has wilfully spread false, unsubstantiated and unverifiable information, while choosing to completely ignore the numerous inconsistencies and discrepancies in the official story. The government has finally, after a year, presented us with their official ‘narrative’ concerning the event. Within hours it was shown to contain numerous errors, a fact since admitted by the Home Secretary John Reid. They have continuously rejected calls for a full, independent public inquiry. Tony Blair himself described such an inquiry as a ‘ludicrous diversion’. What don’t they want us to find out? Contact ludicrousdiversion@hotmail.com


Police Intelligence Analyst Fired For Blowing Whistle On False Flag Terror
A British police intelligence analyst who was asked to create a strategic assessment concerning terror threats was fired when he told his superiors that the threat of an “internal tyranny” was far greater than that of Islamic terrorism, after discovering that both 7/7 and 9/11 were false flag attacks.

Tony Farrell, who has a university degree in statistics, was employed for 12 years as a ‘Police Intelligence Analyst’ with South Yorkshire Police. His job was to provide a yearly ‘Strategic Threat Assessment Matrix’ to enable police to prioritize resources and activities. Fully expecting Farrell to regurgitate the contention that Muslim extremists posed the biggest threat, his bosses were stunned when Farrell instead reported that the 2005 London bombings were staged by British intelligence and that the official story was a “monstrous lie”.
The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA                                      Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

 (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS  




                  