RELEASE.......:

FORMAT........: MOV

RESOLUTION....: 1920 x 1080

CATEGORY......: Lesbian

MODEL INFO....: Name: Caprice
                Age: 19
                Country: Czech

                Caprice is definitely one of the best models we've ever worked with. She is an abso-
                lutely perfect Czech beauty. We had the pleasure of spending a week in the Caribbean 
                with Caprice, so we really got to know her. Her personality is as beautiful as her
                flawless body. Anyone who meets Caprice will fall in love with her. A true perfect 10!

                Name: Gabriella
                Age: 20
                Country: Spain

                Gabriella is a gorgeous 20 year old from Spain. She has a sweet and sunny disposition -
                the kind of girl you can easily fall in love with. Her favorite pastimes are reading 
                fiction books, drinking red wine and - riding motorcyles! Yes, Gabriella may be sweet, 
                but she has a definite WILD SIDE. Our kind of girl!

DESCRIPTION...: In this HD video, watch two gorgeous girls enjoy mind-blowing orgasms!

                Caprice and Gabriella slip out of their clothes and share several tender, passionate
                kisses. Next they help each other out of their lingerie so they can enjoy each others' 
                perfect bodies.

                The site of Gabriella gently licking Caprice's puffy, perky nipples as Caprice writhes
                in pleasure is enough to turn anyone one - man or woman!

                After licking Gabriella's pussy, Caprice pulls out her favorite sex toy - a black vi-
                brating 'massager' that Colette says, "gives OUT OF THIS WORLD orgasms"

                Caprice makes Gabriella cum, then turns the toy on herself for an unforgettable finish! 

RELEASE DATE..: July 26, 2011
                                                                                                

A Quick: 
 
http://pixa.miniplay.ro/viewer.php?id=330276xart_caprice_and_gabriella.JPG
