Best Picture - 1939 - Gone With the Wind

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1611kbps 
Duration.............: 1:48:08
Resolution...........: 640*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 1 
Filesize.............: 1,471,795,850 
Subtitles............: Multilanguage
 
http://bayimg.com/laKOIAaDG
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0031381/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gone_with_the_Wind_(film)


***UPLOADERS NOTE*** - There are many, many torrents of this already existing, in all manner of different formats and so forth. In my current project of uploading Oscar winners for Best Picture, I have tried for fresh rips when possible. This rip of GONE WITH THE WIND is Xvid, 29.97 fps, includes all available subtitles, and has all of the extras that came with the 4-disc super-collection DVD offering. If you only want the film, or perhaps a Hi-Res or BR-rip, these are already available here on TPB. My goal is to make high quality Xvid standard AVI's that are likely to stay seeded.

Rambam1776


Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American historical epic film adapted from Margaret Mitchell's Pulitzer-winning 1936 novel of the same name. It was produced by David O. Selznick and directed by Victor Fleming from a screenplay by Sidney Howard. Set in the 19th century American South, the film stars Clark Gable, Vivien Leigh, Leslie Howard, Olivia de Havilland, and Hattie McDaniel, among others, and tells a story of the American Civil War and Reconstruction era from a Southern point of view.

This tale of the Old South from the start of the Civil War through to the period of reconstruction focuses on the beautiful Scarlett O'Hara. Before the start of the war life at the O'Hara plantation, Tara, could only be described as genteel. As for the young Scarlett, she is without doubt the most beautiful girl in the area and is always the belle of the ball. She is very much looking forward to a barbecue at the nearby Wilkes plantation as she will get to see the man she loves, Ashley Wilkes. She is more than a little dismayed when she hears that he is to marry his cousin Melanie Hamilton and in a fit of anger, she decides to marry Melanie's brother. War is soon declared and as always seems to be the case, men march off to battle thinking that it will only last a few weeks. Now living in Atlanta, Scarlett sees the ravages that war brings. She also becomes re-acquainted with Rhett Butler, whom she had first met at the Wilkes barbecue. Now a widow, she still pines for the married Ashley and dreams of his return. With the war lost however, she returns to Tara and faces the hardship of keeping her family together and Tara from being sold at auction to collect the taxes. She has becomes hardened and bitter and will do anything, including marrying her sister's beau, to ensure she will never again be poor and hungry. After becoming a widow for the second time, she finally marries the dashing Rhett but they soon find themselves working at cross-purposes, their relationship seemingly doomed from the outset.


The film received 10 Academy Awards (8 competitive, 2 honorary), a record that stood for 20 years. Ben-Hur surpassed it in 1960. In the American Film Institute's inaugural Top 100 Best American Films of All Time list of 1998, it was ranked fourth, and in 1989 was selected to be preserved by the National Film Registry. The film was the longest American sound film made up to that time – 3 hours 44 minutes, plus a 15 minute intermission, and was among the first of the major films shot in color (Technicolor), winning the first Academy Award for Best Cinematography in the category for color films. It became the highest-grossing film of all-time shortly after its release, holding the position until 1966; after adjusting for inflation, it has still earned more than any other film in theater rentals.


Cast

Vivien Leigh as Scarlett O'Hara
Clark Gable as Rhett Butler
Leslie Howard as Ashley Wilkes
Olivia de Havilland as Melanie Hamilton
Thomas Mitchell as Gerald O'Hara
Barbara O'Neil as Ellen O'Hara
Evelyn Keyes as Suellen O'Hara
Ann Rutherford as Carreen O'Hara
George Reeves as Stuart Tarleton*
Fred Crane as Brent Tarleton*
Hattie McDaniel as Mammy
Oscar Polk as Pork
Butterfly McQueen as Prissy
Victor Jory as Jonas Wilkerson
Everett Brown as Big Sam
Howard Hickman as John Wilkes
Alicia Rhett as India Wilkes
Rand Brooks as Charles Hamilton
Carroll Nye as Frank Kennedy
Laura Hope Crews as Aunt Pittypat
Eddie Anderson as Uncle Peter
Harry Davenport as Dr. Meade
Leona Roberts as Mrs. Meade
Jane Darwell as Mrs. Merriwether
Ona Munson as Belle Watling
Ward Bond as Tom, Yankee Captain
Cliff Edwards as voice of unseen Reminiscent Soldier
Cammie King as Bonnie Blue Butler
Emily Eby as Grandma Moses
Paul Hurst as Yankee deserter
Isabel Jewell as Emmie Slattery
Yakima Canutt as Shantytown renegade

(The credits in the film contain an error: George Reeves and Fred Crane appear as the Tarleton brothers. Reeves plays Stuart, but is listed as Brent, while Crane, playing Brent, is listed as Stuart.)