Tidalis (c) Arcen Games
 
Release date : December 4th, 2010
Protection   : Serial
Type         : Puzzle
Size         : 1 CD, 34 x 15mb


Tidalis is a block-based puzzle game with casual appeal,
hardcore depth, and an addictive new "streams" mechanic.
The game is brimming over with riffs and variants on that
core mechanic with 20 game modes, dozens of special blocks
and items, and 115 levels in the adventure mode alone.
The basic rules of the game are this: blocks fall down into
the board and have a color and an arrow direction. If a stack
of blocks exceeds the height of the board, you lose. In order
to clear blocks, you must right-click and drag paths through
the arrows to set up chain reactions of like-colored blocks.
If this sounds simple, that's because it is -- you'll be
lining up lengthy chains within minutes. But you'll be surprised
how much brainpower it takes to set up combos of multiple chains,
and the many brainteaser-style puzzles include some real stumpers.
Tidalis has co-op and competitive multiplayer modes (both online
and offline); action-oriented modes and timer-less brainteasers;
a lengthy, casual-friendly adventure mode; twenty unique game modes
providing innumerable twists to the basic gameplay; dozens of special
blocks and items; and over fifty minutes of beautiful music to go with
the painterly art.
In short, several games' worth of content are built on top of this core
mechanic, which you'll quickly find to be as iconic as it is novel.

Features:
- Puzzle game with casual appeal, hardcore depth, and an addictive
  new mechanic.
- Two-player co-op and competitive play (both local and networked).
- A wide selection of both action-oriented or brainteaser-like levels.
- Casual-friendly adventure mode, hardcore-focused custom games and vs modes.
- 20+ game styles, and dozens of items and special blocks.
- Rich, painterly art style and beautiful music.
- Players can create and share whole new themes, levels, and adventures.
- Options for colorblind players, players averse to lots of light and motion,
  and older computers.


Install Notes:

1. Burn or Mount

2. Install

3. Use keygen

4. Enjoy!


Screenshot: 
http://image.bayimg.com/jabfgaadc.jpg