Windows 7 Manager 2.03

Windows 7 Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak and optimize your Windows 7, it bundles more than 30 different utilities in one and help your system faster and more stable, secure and personal!
Features and Benefits of Windows 7 Manager

    * Information
      Get detailed system and all hardware information on your system; help you find out the installation key of Windows, Office products; show all detailed information of running processes and threads on your machine; Windows 7 Manager offers  1-clicking cleans your system automatically.
       
    * Optimizer
      Tweak your system to improve windows startup and shutdown speed; tweak your hardware to increase system speed and performance; Optimize Task Schedule to turn off unnecessary system tasks.
       
    * Cleaner
      Find out which files or folders engross your disk space and shown with chart; Find and clean junk files to increase Hard Disk space; Duplicate Files Finder can scan your computer for files with the same size, name and modification time; Registry Cleaner can easily checks your registry and repair incorrectly linked registry entries, automatically remove invalid entries; Registry Defrag rebuilds and re-indexes your registry to reduce registry access time and therefore improve application responsiveness.
       
    * Customization
      Control what is started on Windows startup; Create the quick startup items on Taskbar with the Jump List quick launcher; Tune up Windows 7 boot menu; edit context menus of mouse Right-Clicking; customize system desktop, menus, toolbar and notifications settings; customize the look of your system.
       
    * Security
      You can improve desktop, menus, Windows logon securities, and enable numerous hidden performance options of system, disable system updates and error reports; hide and restrict to access drives, specify which applications are not allowed to be executed on your computer; encrypt/decrypt and shred files, change the location of system folders; Privacy Protector can maintain your personal privacy by eliminating the tracks that you leave behind; create lots of randomization password once.
       
    * Network
      Optimize your Internet connection speed, manage all shares items; tweak your Internet Explorer easily.
       
    * Misc. Utilities
      Show the collection of Windows utilities; split and merge any file; Copy and move files neatly, you can also automatically back up files regularly.


Instructions

1.Install the application
2.Use the serial provided to register.
3.Do not update the program.
4.Done.




For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:            
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

Report Comment Spammers Here:          
http://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=51644



It is scanned by using Kaspersky and Norton antivirus, and its completely virus free, Please help me by seeding my torrents.



For more downloads please visit http://thepiratebay.org/


Cheers Matey! :-)
