Cyberlink PowerDVD 10 Mark II Ultra Max v10.0.2429.51 Multilingual - preactivated

Blu-ray & HD video player software, PowerDVD 10 offers you cutting-edge technologies to enhance your media playback experience. Key features include: Blu-ray and Full HD movie playback; CPU/GPU hardware acceleration support for flawless playback; TrueTheater enhancements to convert your videos to HD & 3D.

Brillyant Blu-ray
Experience Blu-ray movies the way that only PowerDVD 10 can offer - simply unbeatable quality. Optimized for the latest hardware acceleration technologies from Intel, NVIDIA and AMD, PowerDVD Blu-ray player ensures smoother movie performance. PowerDVD 10's Blu-ray software launches your Blu-ray movies up to 4X faster too.

Blu-ray 3D
Vivid clarity, breakthrough in picture depth and realism that leap off the screen, PowerDVD 10 makes 3D come to life. With support for Blu-ray 3D and tested to be compatible with most 3D hardware, PowerDVD 10 brings Blu-ray 3D video right to your PC, creating a whole new visual experience.

Better Video Playback
With PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray player software, home videos can be enhanced using TrueTheater™ Stabilizer and TrueTheater™ Noise Reduction to improve quality as you play. As a universal player, PowerDVD 10 now plays even more formats, gives you access to online movie trailers via MoovieLive, and lets you upload files to YouTube.

High-Definition Audio
Blu-ray video and high definition media player PowerDVD 10 lets your ears enjoy the ultimate movie experience too, with support for high-definition audio formats from Dolby Digital and DTS. Support for HDMI 1.3a delivers the purity of lossless HD audio via a single convenient cable to your home theater system.

Upscale DVDs and Videos to HD
Enjoy better movie playback quality for both your DVDs and video files with TrueTheater™ HD upscaling technology. High definition media player PowerDVD 10 lets you output to an HDTV in a quality that looks noticeably sharper and clearer. Optimization for hardware acceleration ensures even smoother results.

Play DVDs and Videos in 3D
Blu-ray & HD video player PowerDVD 10 takes you to new heights of visual excellence for standard DVD content. Featuring advanced TrueTheater™ 3D technology, PowerDVD converts 2D movies and video files into spectacular 3D videos. Optimize playback quality for your movie content and hardware.

Home Theater Music
Supporting the latest music library features of Windows 7, PowerDVD 10 makes it even easier to listen to music from your DVD player software. Create playlists of favorite tunes. Use TrueTheater™ Surround technology to optimize your audio for home theater and PC hardware. Sounds great!

Movie Reviews and Live Comments
Create movie reviews that other users can read and play using PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray player. MovieMarks combine bookmarks and review comments and can be shared online via MoovieLive.com. Meanwhile, Live Comments let you post your opinions to Facebook, Twitter and MoovieLive while your movie is playing.

Available Languages: English, Chinese Traditional, Japanese, Spanish, Korean, Chinese Simplified, German, French, Italian and Russian.

Changelog build 2429 (2011-01-05):

Updates:
- Adds support for Intel new Core i5/i7 integrated graphics card with HDMI 1.4

Issues resolved:
- CyberLink PowerDVD 10 cannot play back MKV video files when ROXIO Creator 2011 Pro is installed
- CyberLink PowerDVD 10 cannot pass through HD audio to external audio decoder on computers with an AMD Radeon HD 6800 graphics card installed


* Included tweaks - credits to adhderby 


SEED and share!!