UNCENSORED  English  audio

Magical Kanan - Vol 1(Episode 1)

Natsuki comes to the human world by order of Queen Tsuyuha of the Magical Kingdom of Ever Green to recover 
the mutagenic Seeds that were stolen. The Seeds possess humans & turn them into demons through their 
desires. Natsuki, injured on his journey, is saved by Chihaya. After Chihaya learns of the situation, she 
resolves to cooperate with Natsuki in his duty & become a magical warrior!


Magical Kanan - Vol 2(Episode 2)

Carmine has been caught in the trap set by Septem. Just in the nick of time, she's saved by the mysterious 
3rd magical warrior, Cerulean Blue. Who coud she be? Chihaya reseolves to power up so that she can catch 
up to her rival, but...in the meantime, danger lurks at Angel Kiss...


Magical Kanan - Vol 3(Episode 1)

These hot little beauties are going into battle again, using there sexual powers to save our planet 
from the dark side. More seeds of evil have been stirred up. The dark memories of Sayaka haunt them. 
Will Cerulean be a savior or stand in the way?


Magical Kanan - Vol 4(Episode 2)

Our sexy temptresses head out to the amusement park for what they think is a day of leisure. Instead, it 
is a day of intense sexual encounters and battle. All the girls in the amusement park fall prey to the 
horde of tentacles. (That just means we get to fill more holes at a time in this episode.) In front of 
the enemy's grand power, Carmine & Cerulean Blue don't stand a chance, but they are saved by Septem. Why 
was Septem an enemy in the first place? Everything is revealed!?


Magical Kanan: Summer Special - Vol 1(Episode 1)

It was supposed to be a fun campout at the summer beach... Chihaya & friends came to the beach for summer 
camp. There they meet their classmate Nami Minami. She likes Natsuki, but doesn't have the courage to talk 
to him. As the darkness inside Nami grows, she finds an old mansion where the Netherworld Tree awaits her. 
It was the start of the incident that would rock the boat...


Magical Kanan: Summer Special - Vol 2(Episode 2)

Chihaya manages to escape from the slimes, but a possessed Tsuyoshi stands in her way while Natsuki is 
being tempted by Nami. Can Nami & Tsuyoshi be saved!? What will happen to Sayaka & the others!? The love 
story of Chihaya & Natsuki in this incident comes to a dramatic conclusion.