White Lion (2010), DVDR(xvid), NL Subs, DMT
Alternatieve titel: Witte Leeuw
Zuid-Afrika
Familie
88 minuten

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1618421/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/70004 

We volgen het leven van het bijzondere leeuwtje Letsatsi. De jonge leeuw komt er alleen voor te 
staan en leert voor zijn leven te vechten. Zijn witte vacht maakt hem zeldzaam en gewild bij jagers.
 De film is gebaseerd op een oude Afrikaanse Shangaan legende, waarin de witte leeuw speciale 
krachten heeft.

According to the legend of the Shangaan, white lions are the messengers of the gods, but it has been 
years since one has been seen in their remote African valley. When a white lion is miraculously born 
into that valley, a young Shangaan named Gisani, finds himself destined to protect this rare and 
magnificent creature at all costs. This young lion, whom will be known as Letsatsi, is cast from his 
pride and forced to embark upon a perilous journey of survival. Close to starvation, Letsatsi befriends 
Nkulu, an older lion and together they learn how to survive in the harsh African wilderness Gisani, 
who is watching over Letsatsi, takes a job as a tracker with a local hunter, who has his sights set on 
leading the hunt for this rare and magnificent white lion. Gisani, guided by fate, believes that he 
must find a way to prevent this tragedy from happening. When Nkulu is killed by a farmer, Letsatsi is 
forced once again to survive on his own. After many trials and tribulations he finally learns to hunt by 
himself and grows into a magnificent adult. But before he can take over a pride of his own, Letsatsi 
and Gisani must face their greatest challenge - the trophy hunter- for whom legends are worthless 
and rare skins priceless.

Source.......: White.Lion.2010.DVDRip.XviD-FRAGMENT	
Size…………..: 1.45 GB
Form…………: AVI
Video Codec..: XVID
Bitrate………..:  2042 Kbit/s
Width & Heights…: 720 X 400
Frames/s………….:  23.976 Fps
Audio…………….: English
Audio Code……..: AC3 2.0
Bitrate…………….:  192kbps
Channels…………..: 2 (stereo)
Sampling………….: 48.0 kHz
Subtitles....: NL (hardcoded)
Vertaling….: JR Jansen

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre: Avontuur / Familiefilm

Deze film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER

