Hi everyone! This ISO file is \"Windows 7 Ultimate Service Pack 1\" (x86) and is Retail, which means that it\'s a clean version of Windows 7 Ultimate. This is only for 32-bit, so if you install this on a 64-bit computer, you may have some issues during the installation. This is a bootable ISO image file, so you can burn this on a DVD and USB Flash Drive using the program, \"Windows 7 USB/DVD Download Tool\" directly. This file has no hacks, cracks, serials, drivers, hotfixes, and updates. (Don\'t worry, I\'ll give you a serial for this operating system.) So, before I upload this, I started seeding it with, \"uTorrent\". So, please comment if you are having issues with this file during the installation. Also, please seed, thanks! To make sure, I will tell you the system requirements for Windows 7. Enjoy and have fun!

System Requirements for Windows 7:


If you want to run Windows 7 on your PC, here\'s what it takes:

1 gigahertz (GHz) or faster 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor 

1 gigabyte (GB) RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB RAM (64-bit) 

16 GB available hard disk space (32-bit) or 20 GB (64-bit) 

DirectX 9 graphics device with WDDM 1.0 or higher driver 



Additional requirements to use certain features:

Internet access (fees may apply) 

Depending on resolution, video playback may require additional memory and advanced graphics hardware 

Some games and programs might require a graphics card compatible with DirectX 10 or higher for optimal performance 

For some Windows Media Center functionality a TV tuner and additional hardware may be required 

Windows Touch and Tablet PCs require specific hardware 

HomeGroup requires a network and PCs running Windows 7

DVD/CD authoring requires a compatible optical drive 

BitLocker requires Trusted Platform Module (TPM) 1.2 

BitLocker To Go requires a USB flash drive 

Windows XP Mode requires an additional 1 GB of RAM and an additional 15 GB of available hard disk space. 

Music and sound require audio output 

Product functionality and graphics may vary based on your system configuration. Some features may require advanced or additional hardware.

PCs with multi-core processors:
Windows 7 was designed to work with today\'s multi-core processors. All 32-bit versions of Windows 7 can support up to 32 processor cores, while 64‑bit versions can support up to 256 processor cores. 

PCs with multiple processors (CPUs):
Commercial servers, workstations, and other high-end PCs may have more than one physical processor. Windows 7 Professional, Enterprise, and Ultimate allow for two physical processors, providing the best performance on these computers. Windows 7 Starter, Home Basic, and Home Premium will recognize only one physical processor. 




