                Wondershare Time Freeze V 2.0.3 



Wondershare Time Freeze is a system protection tool that is designed to create a free virtual system environment to keep your computer safe from all types of viruses and other malicious attacks. And now, everyone can get it as your PC’s best partner.

“There are important documents preserving in the computer for everyone, no matter they are for business or for personal life. We can understand how frustrated when one find the vital files lost,” said Serena Lee, product manager at Wondershare Studio, “that’s why we developed the tool – Wondershare Time Freeze. We hope to help users easily get their lost files back quickly.”

Key Features of Wondershare Time Freeze
Wondershare Time Freeze is system protection software. It works easy and effective to create a free virtual system environment to keep your computer safe from all types of viruses and other malicious attacks. It provides the following advantages:
-   Virtual system as the shadow of the actual system: prevent threats of any viruses, malware, spyware and Trojans.
-   Simply reboot computer to return to the original state. Eliminates cost for system maintenance.
-   Surf internet safely, and play around with computer with NO trace left.
-   Prevent access to protected files and folders. Protect your privacy effectively
-   Manage the program with a custom password setting and keep inexperienced users from making change to your settings and configures
-   Compatible with Windows 7/XP/Vista/2000.


Easy & effective virtul system software to keep system safe and protect your computer from unwanted changes. 

Virtual system safeguards real system
▪ Easy switch between virtual system and real system: To enter virtual system, you don't need to reboot computer; to return to real system, just exit System Protection, and you can save or discard virtual system data freely.
▪ Effective virtual system tool: Time Freeze creates a virtual environment as a twin (copy) of the real system, on which you evaluate applications, watch movies, and perform online activities. While the real system is under protection, you no longer have to worry about viruses, spyware, malware and other threats.
▪ MBR protection: Time Freeze 2.0.3 enhanced protection to the boot sector of hard disk so as to guarantee the normal startup of system.

