Driver Checker™ provides drivers to more than 900, 000 unique devices. Its database is updated every week with the most optimized drivers and software by tens of professional driver experts specialized on devices. There are drivers on a wide range of devices, including Webcam Drivers, Keyboard Drivers, RAID Drivers, Video Driver, Modem Driver, Network Drivers, Linksys Drivers, Graphic Drivers & more others!

Independent Notebook Upgrade and Smart Windows OS Wizard

Powered by the highly intelligent algorithm, Driver Checker™ can thoroughly scan your system within a few seconds. It can always identify your operating system and install the specified device drivers for you. If you are running an HP laptop, Driver Checker™ will recommend drivers specifically for your HP laptop. Additionally, other manufacturers supported by Driver Checker include: Dell, Lenovo, Acer, and many more. If you are running Windows Vista, Driver Checker™ will pick up the Vista compatible drivers for your updates. It is all the same to Windows 7, XP, 2000, 2003, etc.

Quick and Free Driver Analysis Report to Your System
You don’t know how to keep track of the outdated driver status and make some changes to the drivers reasonably? Driver Checker™ can do all these for you with highly intelligent algorithm. With intuitive interface for computer users of any age and fast scanning capability, it will scan your system within a few seconds and offer a detailed report. You can always have an overview to your missing audio driver, or broken CD-ROM Driver, outdate graphics cards and the others. All you have to do is to get the thorough report with one click.

One-click to Update and Fix Drivers

Driver checker™ will identify every hardware device that has been installed on your computer, and locate the most up to date drivers available in the database. It will download, install and update all the selected drivers with one-click resolution! You can fix the bad drivers by covering them with the latest drivers with quick access automatically.Extra benefits:Through our brand-new technology, you can uninstall the useless drivers completely in case that any installation failed or specific drivers needed to be removed.

Back up the Existing Drivers to Protect Your System from Damage

After a deep scan, the detailed drivers information within your system will be collected to initialize the updating process. Certain drivers matched with your hardware in the database will then be downloaded and installed automatically on your computer. Then you have the most optimized working system for the moment. Backing up the existing drivers will protect your system in case that there was unexpected system problem related to your device drivers and you can restore the backup drivers easily.

A Relief to Users Who Do Not Have An Internet Connection

Driver Checker is top and outstanding not only on its accurate online driver update, but also on offline driver analysis. Offline driver analysis is a brand-new technology to help you get the hardware analysis from an offline computer and run it on an online computer, allowing you to download drivers for the offline system. It is very helpful for driver updates without network connection. If you have a driver problem and you are not able to access the Internet to get help, Driver Checker is just what you need - a fast, safe, and easy way to get the correct drivers for your offline system.

Instant and Customized Technical Support to Driver Problems

To help people with the impersonal and sudden driver problems, a well-trained and experienced support department has been established from the day we launched Driver Checker. Driver Checker also constantly integrates its customer support tools. Whatever driver problems you submit will be handled immediately by our real experts.

Install Notes:
==============
Run the Driver Checker setup.
Register with a key from the KeyGen.
Say Thanks!
