“Is it really possible for two people to fall in love and stay in love forever?” (From Juno, the movie). Is there ever one person in this world who is meant for you and only you whom you can entrust your life with and grow old with? If so, why are married couples divorcing and single people plunging into several relationships one after the other only to hurt and get hurt?

Andy Stanley in his monumental DVD resource entitled, Staying in Love, comprehensively discusses how not only to stay married but to stay in love in the marriage. He divided his talk into four parts.

Session 1- Love is a Verb

Andy Stanley emphasizes that Love is a verb, not a noun. It is not something you find yourself into, but something you can do. The foundational truth that sustains love and marriage can be found in John 13:34: God has commanded to love one another as He has loved us.

Session 2- Re-Modeling

Jesus Christ modeled true love for humanity in His death and resurrection and we need to follow His example through showing love to one’s spouse or partner. Apostle Paul reverberates the same message when he said that couples should submit to each other in love.

Session 3- Feelin’ It

A husband and a wife might bring some unresolved baggages into the marriage because of past experiences, hurts from previous relationships, influences of culture, among others. Andy Stanley reminds and teaches couples on Solomon’s admonition in Proverbs: “Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.”

Session 4- Multiple Choice Marriage

The Bible’s Love Chapter found in 1 Corinthians 13 is dissected to mentor couples that following the same will lead to a long-lasting love relationship grounded securely on the most ancient book of truth—the Scriptures.

Staying in Love by Andy Stanley will inspire those who are close to divorce, or those in their second or third marriages, or couples who are putting up with each other just to stay married or even those who are single and believing that someday they will get married too. Staying in Love is a revolutionary campaign strengthening men and women that finding someone else is not the solution to marital misunderstandings, but deciding on loving and believing the best for each other amidst the gaps in expectations and behaviors.

Andy Stanley is the son of Charles Stanley pastoring North Point Community Church. He is a bestselling author, speaker and minister reaching thousands of people worldwide through his resources.