
Date: 05-08-11 
Host: John B. Wells 
Guests: Craig Hulet, David B. Sereda 
Guest host John B. Wells (email) was joined by geopolitical analyst Craig B. Hulet, who discussed the recent developments in the Middle East, the War on Terror, bin Laden's role in 9-11, and what he sees for the future of the United States. "We do not have to look beyond our shores to see the face of the enemy," he declared, "and it is in corporate America." Hulet contended that the continual consolidation of corporations is "creating fewer and fewer of the most powerful." These power brokers, he said, have no national, religious, or ethnic loyalties and are, instead, driven purely by accumulation of wealth and influence. 

Regarding the recent death of Osama bin Laden, Hulet observed that "there's never just one simple explanation" for why certain major events happen when they do. That said, he opined that the timing of bin Laden's demise seems to be connected to the ongoing uprising in Libya. To that end, Hulet noted that Moammar Gadhafi had been "one of our best sources" against Al Qaeda and that the Libyan dictator even claimed that bin Laden was behind the unrest in his country. However, the resources in Libya, notably oil, are of paramount interest to the corporate power brokers, so "that meant it was time for bin Laden to go," in order to clear the way for toppling Gadhafi. Similarly, Hulet asserted that the war in Afghanistan is predicated on building a massive oil pipeline and that the United States will "never leave" the country unless the installation is secure. 

Looking ahead to the future, Hulet speculated that gas prices could rise to 5 or 6 dollars a gallon during the Summer. Beyond that, he warned that, within the next four or five years, "we're going to see suicide bombing on our soil, here in America." He lamented this prediction, but observed that he "can't help but follow my analysis." On an international level, Hulet declared that "in twenty years, China is going to dominate the globe." He explained that the "monopoly corporate structure" prefers the Chinese business model as opposed to the American free enterprise system. This, he said, is why so many jobs are shipped to China and will continue to be outsourced from America. Chillingly, Hulet said, that, on an individual level, he has no advice for resisting this trend and, "collectively, I just don't have much hope." 

Fukushima & The Sun
In the first hour, scientist and filmmaker David Sereda talked about radiation from the Fukushima reactor meltdown and as well as the 'mystery particle' that the Sun may be emitting. He noted that there was a "massive eruption on the Sun" in the days preceding the Japanese earthquake, which appears to suggest some kind of causal effect. He warned that the radiation levels reaching California are already problematic and that people should be turning to calcium, magnesium, and lithium in order to "raise the volts per cell" and protect their longterm health. Regarding the story of the 'mystery particle' being emitted from the Sun, Sereda made the case that it is actually some form of consciousness, since the effects of the 'particle' eerily match previous studies that were done on psychic abilities. 

Website(s): 
craigbhulet.com
voiceentertainment.net
Book(s): 
The Hydra of Carnage
The Hidden Reality: Parallel Universes and the Deep Laws of the Cosmos
 