Request JDYNASTY-Collage @ your Radio station.

Artist Name: JDynasty
Song Title: We On Fire
Website: http://www.jdynasty.net
Twitter:@JDynasty123
Bio: The history of music has been created with powerful solo artists, all of whom have made a lasting impression on this genre of music called hip-hop. Over the years great acts like Tupac, Notorious B.I.G & Jay-Z have made history by consistently releasing classic material that has impacted the lives of generations to come. With the release of Connecticut JDynasty's highly anticipated mixtape entitled To Whom it May Concern, JDynasty will make history by adding to the list of inspirational hip-hop soloists. Being so young in the game, gives JDynasty a different point of view and/or perspective of the new generation of rap. JDynasty strongly believes that hip-hop is an art that needs to be replenished, he believe he has what it takes to change the game, while still perfecting his craft. He is looking to find his spot amongst the new generation of younger rap artists.
Even though Jordan Dias has been songwriting/rapping since he was 9, he really began making it all happen in 2009 (his senior year in high school). Tired of being yelled at for creating freestyle beats on his desk, JDynasty did whatever it took to gain exposure in hopes of capturing his market and the globe. “I am a diamond in the rough. I live in a small unknown town in Connecticut." says JDynasty. “I have such a great desire to build an empire and start a worldwide movement. I want to build a rap dynasty, hence the name JDynasty."One of the decisions I made involved saving money in order to record and promote. “It all started with a dream and ended with reality. At first I had some doubts on whether people would understand my delivery and my point of view, but after a while I realized that I really am going to change the game. No one expects a19 year old kid to talk about what's real." There is more to hip-hop, it is not just sex, money, and drugs. JDynasty is just what the game needs right now. After about a year of really pursuing my  music career, I decided to make it just that, a career. "When you start spending money on yourself, it is no longer a hobby.” says JDynasty.

JDynasty has several projects in the works, one being trying to get signed. Other projects include music videos, two mixtapes, and close to ten performances (including the legendary Toad's Place in New Haven,CT). All project are promised to be completed by the end of summer 2011.

If you have a dream, turn it into reality. Get Right or Get Left!

APPRECIATE THE LOVE!
DGM-ENT Gang-Iceman on da track-Young Success-C-Note
JDTNASTY-WE ON FIRE-DGM-ENT.COM
For Booking, Drops or Interviews : Lisa Carter @ 313.742.0688
Email: mscarterceo@gmail.com
