presenting s n e a k _ s h o t



release date:18-08-2011

cover link:http://www.postimg.com/image/45000/photo-44620.jpg

description:


El Shaddai: Ascension of the Metatron is an action video game for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles. It is developed and published by Ignition Entertainment. The development is led by Takeyasu Sawaki, who was a character designer in Devil May Cry and Ōkami.[1] The game was released on April 28, 2011 in Japan, on August 16, 2011 in North America, and will release September 9, 2011 in Europe.


Gameplay

El Shaddai is a third-person action game featuring platform game elements. The player\\\'s character, Enoch, starts the game unarmed and is able to steal weapons from his enemies. The game has three primary weapons. The first is the Arch, a curved blade which also allows the user to float for short periods. The second weapon is the Gale, a ring like weapon that provides a quick dash ability, and the power to fire small darts in rapid succession. The third weapon is the Veil, a shield that also acts as a pair of gauntlets, providing the strongest defense and a strong punch. The Gale is the fastest weapon of the three, the Veil being the slowest. All of the holy weapons become corrupt as they are used and routinely they have to be purified. A corrupt weapon is weaker than a purified weapon. The player performs combos with the rhythmic use of one button.[2]




Plot





The story is inspired by the Deuterocanonical Book of Enoch, and follows Enoch (イーノック Īnokku?) (voiced by Blake Ritson[2]), a priest seeking seven fallen angels to prevent a great flood from destroying mankind.[3] He is helped in his quest by Lucifel (ルシフェル Rushiferu?) (voiced by Jason Isaacs[2]), a guardian angel in charge of the protection of the world who exists outside of the flow of time, and by four Archangels: Raphael (ラファエル Rafaeru?), Uriel (ウリエル Urieru?), Gabriel (ガブリエル Gaburieru?), and Michael (ミカエル Mikaeru?).







seed comment n enjoy...!!!