SUMMARY:




The Ubuntu Promise

Ubuntu is free. Always has been and always will be. From the operating system to security updates, storage to software.

 

Ubuntu is fast to load, easy to use, available in most languages and accessible to all.

 

Ubuntu applications are all free and open source – so you can share them with anyone you like, as often as you like.

 

Ubuntu comes with full support and all kinds of services available worldwide.
Open-source software

Ubuntu is created by open-source developers because we believe that everybody should have access to the best possible technologies.

 

This passionate global community works together to continually evolve the best systems in the world and then make them available to everybody, absolutely free.

 
Ubuntu and Canonical

Ubuntu is backed by Canonical - the number-one Ubuntu services provider.

 

Companies can choose to receive expert training, support or consultancy for a fee that goes towards the continued development of Ubuntu.

 
Why use Ubuntu?

Ubuntu is far more than an operating system. With thousands of applications to choose from, it’s completely free and easy to use.

Ubuntu is made for sharing. Use it, modify it, improve it, share it. Anywhere, any time and with any number of people all over the world. No licence required.

Ubuntu operating systems are regularly updated and come in a new, improved, easy-to-install release every six months, so you’re always up to date.

Ubuntu comes with all the support you need and powers the most popular computers - on servers, desktops, notebooks and netbooks.

Ubuntu comes with a ready-made community dedicated to building and promoting free systems and software. Join us.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INSTALLATION:

1) You can burn the iso to a dvd-r or a cd-r and boot it as you would when installing your OS. You can either wipe your hard drive and use this as your primary and only OS or you can partition your hard drive to dual-boot with Windows.
2) You can use VMware to create a virtual hard drive and run windows along with Ubuntu simultaneously. You can either create the virtual machine using the iso or you can burn it to a dvd-r or cd-r and boot it from there.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hope you guys enjoys this and be sure to seed. I will be uploading more torrents once there are plenty of seeds.

REMINDER:

This is the 64-Bit version of Ubuntu 10.10. If you are running on a 32-Bit system then this version will not work. I will be uploading the 32-Bit version soon.

PEACE,
Angelus
