Please seed this torrent. Do not cut and run when you've downloaded.

After last weekend's European win over the Scarlets, Leicester Tigers retain the same matchday squad for Saturday's return to the Aviva Premiership at home to Bath. The only changes to the starting line-up are in the front row where Boris Stankovich and Dan Cole start, with Marcos Ayerza and Martin Castrogiovanni reverting to the replacements. "Tigers against Bath is one of the big traditional rivalries in English rugby and we've had so many big games in all competitions over the years," said Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill. "We had a good win over Scarlets last weekend and now the challenge to the players is to back that up. We want to replicate that intensity and that commitment every week. "It was great to get Toby Flood and Anthony Allen back from injury last week. They came through it well and their experience is important in the squad.

Meanwhile, Ignacio Fernandez-Lobbe makes his first competitive start for Bath, with fellow new signing, John van der Giessen taking his spot on the bench. Sam Vesty, who made the move to Bath from Leicester during the summer, has been helping his new side prepare for the game ahead.
"I sat down with the coaches and went through some video analysis this week. We've looked at how best to defend against them and how best to break them down," he said. "You've got to be brave and play a good-paced game against them. If you end up in an arm-wrestle at every breakdown and there's no freedom, it suits them and they can get their forwards into the game. Getting the scoreboard ticking is crucial." "I'm trying to think of it as just another game but when I see my old mates out there it's going to give things some edge. In one way, it's not an unknown for me, because it's going to be quite similar to what I was doing in training at Leicester last year. I've already experienced all the things they're going to do." Despite speculation, fellow ex-Tiger, Lewis Moody, will play no part in the match-day 23, as he is still recovering from the injury he suffered against Gloucester three weeks ago."I'm sure if you asked Lewis to play two weeks ago he would have played, but ultimately it's about what's best for the team and him," said forwards coach Martin Haag. "It was a serious eye injury and hopefully we will see him in a Bath shirt shortly. He has been training well this week but with any injury you can't afford to come in half-baked." "When you go to Welford Road you know you go as underdogs," he added. "But we are Bath and we're going to give it a crack. We know where we need to be physically and mentally.
"There are no mental issues. A lot of it is about self-belief but this club is not lacking in self-belief, I can assure you."

Form:Leicester Tigers are the only side in the Heineken Cup with maximum points after the first two rounds, however their five encounters in Aviva Premiership have all been won by the home side on the day. Tigers have lost just once at Welford Road since September 2008: to Saracens on 8 May. Bath won 22-6 at Aironi last Saturday, but their only victory in their last three Premiership matches was 31-16 at home to Sale in round four. Bath have won two of their last five away games in the Premiership. Tigers are unbeaten in their last seven clashes with Bath in all competitions, since Bath won 25-21 in the Premiership at The Rec in November 2008. Bath's only previous victory at Welford Road in the Premiership was 13-12 on 29 November 2003.

The teams:

Leicester Tigers: 15 Geordan Murphy (capt), 14 Scott Hamilton, 13 Matt Smith, 12 Anthony Allen, 11 Alesana Tuilagi, 10 Toby Flood, 9 Ben Youngs, 8 Thomas Waldrom, 7 Craig Newby, 6 Tom Croft, 5 George Skivington, 4 Ed Slater, 3 Dan Cole, 2 George Chuter, 1 Boris Stankovich.
Replacements: 16 Joe Duffey, 17 Marcos Ayerza, 18 Martin Castrogiovanni, 19 Steve Mafi, 20 Ben Woods, 21 James Grindal, 22 Billy Twelvetrees, 23 Manu Tuilagi.

Bath:15 Nick Abendanon, 14 Matt Carraro, 13 Shontayne Hape, 12 Olly Barkley, 11 Matt Banahan, 10 Sam Vesty, 9 Michael Claassens, 8 Simon Taylor, 7 Luke Watson (capt), 6 Andy Beattie, 5 Ignacio Fernandez-Lobbe, 4 Stuart Hooper, 3 David Wilson, 2 Pieter Dixon, 1 David Flatman.
Replacements: 16 Ross Batty, 17 Nathan Catt, 18 Duncan Bell, 19 John van der Giessen, 20 Ben Skirving, 21 Mark McMillan, 22 Tom Biggs, 23 Jack Cuthbert.

Date: Saturday, October 23
Venue: Welford Road
Kick-off: 14.30 BST (13.30 GMT)
Referee: Andrew Small 