Edward Hughes; John Hiley, Keith Brown, Ian McKenzie Smith, "Hughes Electrical and Electronic Technology, Tenth Edition"
Prentice Hill | 2008 | ISBN: 0132060116 | 1008 pages | PDF

“This excellent book has become a legend over the years. It is, undoubtedly, the most popular and the most useful book on the subject of electrical and electronic technology.”
Dr Naren Gupta, Napier University

“In terms of giving an insight into electrical and electronic engineering, this book is excellent.”
Dr Michael Lamperth, Imperial College London

“The book provides an excellent introduction to electronics.”
Dr Marion Unwin, Queen Mary University London

All engineers need to understand the fundamental principles of electrical and electronic technology. The tenth edition of this best-selling text offers a clear and comprehensive introduction to the area, with balanced coverage of electrical, electronic, and power engineering. This revision has been updated to take into account key developments in the subject, including a new chapter on Electrical Energy Systems – an important addition which explores (among other topics) the principles of sustainable electricity generation.

Hughes Electrical and Electronic Technology is a must-have text for all university and college engineering students requiring a comprehensive introduction to electrical and electronic engineering. It is also appropriate as a reference for any practitioners and technicians working in this, or any other engineering discipline.

Key features
New chapter on Electrical Energy Systems
Extended chapters on: Fibreoptics; Induction Motors; and Operational Amplifiers
Additional worked examples and end-of-chapter problems to help reinforce learning and test understanding
Retains its established features of chapter objectives, highlighted key equations, summaries of formulae, and key terms and concepts

Dr John Hiley and Dr Keith Brown are both lecturers in the Department of Electrical, Electronic and Computer Engineering at Heriot-Watt University.

The late Edward Hughes was Vice Principal and Head of the Engineering Department, Brighton College of Technology. He was a fellow of Heriot-Watt University.

The late Ian McKenzie Smith was formerly Deputy Principal, Stow College, Glasgow.
