Iron Maiden
Live After Death
October 4-10, 1984 Hammersnith Odeon, London, ENG
March 15, 1985 Sports Arena, Los Angeles, CA

What we have here is Iron Maiden's first full length live album Live After Death restore to its full length, with bonus tracks added, and in (nearly) the correct order that it was played.

Live After Death was originally released in October 1985 as a rather long LP (over 100 minutes, quite a lot to cram onto 4 LP sides). When it was released on CD that December they wanted to keep it down to a single disc, so the fourth album side went bye-bye. So did the long audience participation section of Running Free. Then, for one year (1995), Maiden re-released all of their album with a second CD of b-sides and charged a bargain price of $10 each for them. The songs "Sanctuary", "Murders in the Rue Morgue", and "Losfer Words" came from that disc. In 1998 they then re-re-released it as an enhanced CD with a second disc containing the lost fourth album side. The album you now see is a hybrid of all those versions (as well as some audience noise I snatched from the DVD version to smooth out transitions).

This album has been resequenced to follow the setlist of the tour a bit more closely that it was before. The only liberties I took were because the Hammersmith show that originally was the fourth album side had a very different setlist than the American shows did. At this show Murders in the Rue Morgue was played between "Revelations" and "Flight of Icarus", but with the sources provided there wasn't enough room between those songs to properly segue it in. Therefore it is now placed after "Icarus". Also, Bruce Dickinson likes to tell stories during Maiden shows. These shows are no different, but the stories before "Rime of the Ancient Mariner" and "Losfer Words" were cut from the album. This makes the intro of "Losfer Words" seem like it comes out of nowhere, but that's all I had to work with. I have included the edited version of "Running Free" as a bonus at the end of the album.

01 Intro: Churchill's Speech
02 Aces High
03 2 Minutes To Midnight
04 The Trooper
05 Revelations
06 Flight Of Icarus
07 Murders in the Rue Morgue
08 Rime of the Ancient Mariner
09 Losfer Words (Big 'Orra)
10 Powerslave
11 Wrathchild
12 Die With Your Boots On
13 The Number of the Beast
14 Hallowed Be Thy Name
15 22 Acacia Avenue
16 Children Of The Damned
17 Phantom of the Opera
18 Iron Maiden
19 Run to the Hills
20 Running Free
21 Sanctuary
22 Running Free (single edit)