This audiobook; "Day of Infamy", is Walter Lord's relatively brief, but very good, history of the attack on Pearl Harbor. The author doesn't delve into the politics or blame for the attack, but confines himself to a straight-forward narrative of the battle. At seven hours long, the book is deeper than a cursory review of the events, but isn't so long as to get into boring detail. The book has the flow of a good novel and the narration (by Grover Gardner--reading as 'Tom Parker') is excellent.

As always with my audiobooks, there are two complete & unabridged versions of the audiobook in this torrent . . . you can choose the mp3 version (every chapter is a single file, 14 files in total - at 128 kbp/s), or you can choose the fully chapterized m4b version for iPod/iPhone/iPad, etc. (1 single chapterized file--at 64 kbp/s, w/ chapter illustrations--NOTE: The photo descriptions can be found on your iPod chapter menu along w/ it's appropriate chapter title). It is also fully tagged for iTunes already.

Included along with the audiobook is an eBook (choose PDF or ePub format): Pearl Harbor 1941 - The Day of Infamy [Osprey - Campaign #062]. This book can serve as a great audiobook companion if you listen to the audiobook on your computer or iPad as it is mainly pictures, maps, charts, etc., and has only short passages of text.

I hope you like my torrent and enjoy the book as much as I did . . . and don't forget to seed!   
P.S. If you like my 'by chapter' audiobooks, click on my name an then check out my ULed torrents to see a bunch more!   

 

Day of Infamy
by Walter Lord; read by Tom Parker (aka Grover Gardner)
Blackstone Audiobooks (December 15, 1995)
Unabridged (Length: 7 hrs., 1 min.)
Orig. Media: Audio Download (Audible)
©1985 by Walter Lord; ℗1995 by Blackstone Audiobooks
---------------------------------------------------------------------------



TABLE OF CONTENTS . . .

OPENING CREDITS (00:41)
REAR COVER MATERIAL & DEDICATION (00:36)
FOREWORD (01:22)
[PHOTO 1: FDR's 'Day of Infamy' speech]
CHAPTER I. "Isn't That a Beautiful Sight?" (17:22)
[PHOTO 2: Gen. Short & Adm. Kimmel with Lord Louis Mountbatten]
CHAPTER II. "A Dream Come True!" (33:54)
[PHOTO 3: Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto]
CHAPTER III. "Gate Open--White Lights" (06:31)
[PHOTO 4: USS Ward (DD-139) ]
CHAPTER IV. "You'd be Surprised What Goes on Around Here" (17:57)
[PHOTO 5: Japanese Mini-Sub hit by USS Ward]
CHAPTER V. "Well, Don't Worry About It" (14:08)
[PHOTO 6: Opana Point radar station]
CHAPTER VI. "Joe, This Is One for the Tourist!" (30:30)
[PHOTO 7: Pearl Harbor, pre-attack]
CHAPTER VII. "I Didn't Know They Were Sore at Us" (38:33)
[PHOTO 8: Seaplane Base, Ford Island]
CHAPTER VIII. "I Can't Keep Throwing Things at Them" (1:04:53)
[PHOTO 9: Battleship Row under attack]
CHAPTER IX. "You Don't Wear a Tie to War" (1:14:49)
[PHOTO 10: Japanese Mini-Sub sunk inside harbor]
CHAPTER X. "I Want Three Volunteers: You, You, and You" (39:22)
[PHOTO 11: USS Nevada afire off Waipio Point]
CHAPTER XI. "Chief, My Mother and Dad Gave Me This Sword" (32:08)
[PHOTO 12: Battleship Row, post-attack]
CHAPTER XII. We're Leaving Now--Explode Gloriously!" (33:58)
[PHOTO 11: USS Nevada afire off Waipio Point]
FACTS ABOUT THE ATTACK (04:43)
[PHOTO 14: Pearl Harbor Attack - painting]
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS (09:56)
[PHOTO 15: Author & Narrator]



SUMMARY . . .

There may not be a better book on what happened at Pearl Harbor than Day of Infamy--and it's not as if the Pearl Harbor story has lacked chroniclers. Walter Lord is best known for A Night to Remember, his book on the voyage of the Titanic. Day of Infamy deserves to stand beside that classic as a gripping narrative, and the subject matter, of course, is infinitely more important.

Lord begins by showing how Japanese admirals, three months before their notorious sneak attack, "tested the idea on the game board at the Naval War College." (It didn't go nearly as well there as it did in real life.) Then he proceeds briskly through the preparations for the assault and delivers a minute-by-minute account about those fateful hours in Oahu. The detail is incredible. The Japanese scan Hawaiian radio stations to see if their moves have been detected; a U.S. naval officer on "his first night on his first patrol on his first command" spots a Japanese submarine just hours before the strike; when the surprise attack finally does arrive, an excited Japanese commander shouts "Tora! Tora! Tora!" ("Victory!") before even the first bombs have fallen. The whole assault lasted about two hours. Thousands of Americans were killed or wounded. The Navy lost the U.S.S. Arizona, which blew up about 15 minutes into the raid, and 17 other ships were either sunk or crippled. Hundreds of planes were destroyed or damaged. The Japanese, by contrast, lost only 29 planes. It must be considered one of the most lopsided battles in all history--and "battle" probably isn't the best word to describe it. Pearl Harbor was closer to a massacre. Whatever the label, Pearl Harbor was a turning-point moment in American history, and it gave rise, the very next day, to some of the most famous words ever spoken by an American president: "Yesterday, December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States was suddenly and deliberately attacked...." If you intend to read only a single book on Pearl Harbor, this is the one for you.



ABOUT THE AUTHOR . . .

Walter Lord (October 8, 1917 – May 19, 2002) was born in Baltimore, Maryland to John Walterhouse and Henrietta Hoffman. His father was a lawyer who died when Walter was just three years old. His grandfather, Richard Curzon Hoffman, was president of the Baltimore Steam Packet Company ("Old Bay Line") steamship firm in the 1890s.

Following high school at Baltimore's Gilman School, he studied history at Princeton University, graduating in 1939. Lord then enrolled at Yale Law School, interrupting his studies to join the Army after the attack on Pearl Harbor. During World War II, he was assigned to the Office of Strategic Services as a code clerk in London in 1942. He was the agency's secretariat when the war ended in 1945. Afterwards, Lord returned to Yale where he earned a degree in law.

While Lord wrote twelve bestselling books on such subjects as Pearl Harbor (Day of Infamy, 1957), the Battle of Midway (Incredible Victory, 1967), the Battle of the Alamo (A Time to Stand, 1961), Arctic exploration (Peary to the Pole , 1963) , pre-World War I America (Good Years: From 1900 to the First World War , 1962), Coastwatchers (Lonely Vigil, 1977) and the civil rights struggle (The Past that would not Die, 1965), he is best known for his best-selling 1955 book A Night to Remember about the sinking of the Titanic. The book was made into a popular 1958 British movie of the same name. In writing A Night to Remember, Lord took the time to track down 63 Titanic survivors to get their stories and wrote a dramatic, minute-by-minute account of the ocean liner's sinking on her maiden voyage. He also authored another book about the Titanic titled The Night Lives On, published in 1986.

Shortly after going to work as a copywriter for the J. Walter Thompson advertising agency in New York City, Lord published The Fremantle Diary, edited and annotated from the journals of the British officer and Confederate sympathizer, Arthur Fremantle, who toured the South for three months in 1863. It was a mild but surprising success in 1954, when Mr. Lord was well into completing A Night to Remember.

In his later years, Lord was renowned for his knowledge of the Titanic catastrophe, frequently lecturing at meetings of the Titanic Historical Society. In 1997, Lord served as a consultant to director James Cameron during the filming of the movie Titanic. The "sequel" to Titanic, Ghosts of the Abyss is dedicated to Lord's memory.

Lord, a lifelong bachelor, died after a long struggle with Parkinson's disease at his Manhattan home at the age of 84. Noted historian David McCullough said of Lord at his death, "He was one of the most generous and kind-hearted men I've ever known, and when I had stars in my eyes and wanted to become a writer, he was a great help. I'll always be indebted to him."

Walter Lord is buried in the Lord family plot at historic Green Mount Cemetery in Baltimore, marked by a marble bench listing the books he authored.

In 2009 Jenny Lawrence edited and published The Way It Was: Walter Lord on His Life and Books. In the late 1980s Lawrence recorded hours of interviews she had with Lord in which he discussed his writing and life. After chapters on his early life in Baltimore and up to his time with the OSS in London and Paris, chapters are devoted to the research and writing of each of his books.



ABOUT THE READER . . .

TOM PARKER (also known as GROVER GARDNER), One of the most celebrated and accomplished narrators of audiobooks, Grover Gardner has recorded in a voice of ‚'sandpaper and velvet' for nearly three decades. After first working in Washington, D.C., for the Library of Congress, Grover established his own independent recording studio in Maryland, where he recorded hundreds of audiobooks that garnered awards throughout the industry. Grover is one of AudioFile's Golden Voices and has received dozens of Earphones Awards for exceptional performances. In 2007, Grover moved to Ashland, Oregon; he continues to record as well as manage Blackstone Audiobooks productions as Studio Director.



Enjoy and Seed!!