SUPPLIER ....: TEAM EAT
PROG TYPE ...: APPLICATION
LANGUAGE ....: ENGLISH
RELEASE DATE.: 2010-12-05

CRACKER ......: TEAM EAT
PROTECTION ...: ALWAYS
DIFFICULTY ...: GUESS

PACKAGER ....: TEAM EAT
FORMAT ......: ZIP/RAR
ARCHIVE NAME.: eatnl40a.zip
No OF DISKS .: XX/02

REQUIREMENTS .: Win2000/XP/Vista/Win7
PRICE ........: 29.99/year
WEBSITE.......: http://www.newsleecher.com/

RELEASE  NOTES

Looking for a way to download from the usenet, fast
and easily? Well, look no further Our award winning
NewsLeecher application, downloads articles from
usenet groups or NZB files, automatically unpacks
the downloads if needed, and provides a search
feature that makes it possible to find what you are
looking for, in a split second.

Completely Free of Spyware & Adware. NewsLeecher
does not contain any spyware or adware that
might send personal details over the Internet. In
fact, it has been certified as spyware-, adware-
and virus-free by one of the largest software
sites on the Internet.
Based on Successful Experience. It is no secret
that the development of NewsLeecher was initially
inspired by some of the existing newsreaders on
the market. We have tried to take the best
features of those readers and mixed them together
to make the ultimate newsreader available for our
users
Including the Popular SuperSearch Usenet Search
Feature. With the built-in SuperSearch feature,
you can search all the binary usenet groups at
once, for a specific keyword or keystring, in less
than a second The SuperSearch engine is
state-of-the-art in it's speed and it's ability to
perform true wildcard searches
Full Support for NZB Files. NewsLeecher has full
support for the NZB file format. It can create and
export NZB files directly from articles in the
group view or from SuperSearch results. And it can
import NZB files manually and automatically in
many different ways, for easy downloading.
Top Tuned yEnc Support. Besides supporting the
"old" encoding formats, such as uuEncode,
NewsLeecher also supports the brand new encoding
format called yEnc. Actually NewsLeecher has a top
tuned yEnc decoding engine that makes sure your
downloads are decoded smoothly in the background
without consuming too much CPU time.
Automatic PAR2 & RAR File Handling. No more
fumbling around with PAR and RAR set files Using
the integrated "Repair'n'Extract" feature,
NewsLeecher can automatically verify and repair
broken file sets, and automatically unpack RAR
archive sets to a location you choose.
"Repair'n'Extract" contains many custom settings
for fitting the feature exactly for your liking.
Advanced Multiserver Support. NewsLeecher has
advanced support for leeching from multiple
servers at the same time An unlimited number of
usenet servers can be used to download files at
the same time
Multithreaded Server Downloading. Besides being
able to download from several servers at the same
time, NewsLeecher can also use up to 99()
simultaneous download threads per server. This
could, for example, be used to download 99
pictures from a server at the same time
Filter System. The filtering feature enables one
to find certain posts without going through all
received headers. Filter by subject, size, age and
more
Automatic Downloading. The built-in automatic
multipart posts processing removes the hassle from
combining binary post parts one by one.
NewsLeecher detects and combine parts by itself
Fastest Group Caching in the World. Fast group
caching enables much faster group viewing by only
receiving the latest available post headers and
caching the old ones The caching routines in
NewsLeecher has been tweaked and optimized to be
the fastest in the world
Top Modern User Interface. State of the art user
interface with support for XP themes and many
options for tweaking the usability and the
interface
Advanced Feature Support. Besides all the usual
download features, NewsLeecher also supports tons
of advanced features that makes it easy to use
your usenet membership to the fullest. Such
features include smart article highlighting, a
built in group noteblock and much much more
Compatible Technology. Compatible with Windows 98,
Me, NT, 2000, 2003, XP, Vista and Windows 7.

COMMENTS

Do NOT distribute this release outside of the scene
Keep the scene alive and secure

All good progs start as freeware,
then things get worse ... )

INSTALLATION NOTES

TLB'
Try it, Like it, Buy it

1. Unpack and install.
2. Copy the included files over the originals.

That's all. Have fun using it -)

Always remember to block applications (or go off line) from calling
home 'during install'. Once installed, disable 'check for automatic
updates' option if available, so that you don't get it blacklisted.
