Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos.


Into the Sun is the fourth album from Seattle post-grunge band, Candlebox, the first since the band's reunion in 2006. The song "Stand" has been released as the lead single and found considerable radio play. Tracks 1,3,4,6,7,8,9 and 10 all feature Dave Krusen on Drums

Candlebox is a rock band from Seattle, Washington. Formed in November 1990, the band originally went by the name Uncle Duke; they later changed their name, purportedly inspired by lyrics from the Midnight Oil song "Tin Legs and Tin Mines" from the album 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

The band was origninally started by Kevin Martin on lead guitar and vocals and Scott Mercado on drums. Later the two members added Peter Klett on guitar and Bardi Martin on bass.

Candlebox's musical style cannot be easily categorized, as their music has a wide range of influences. Some of their songs have strong references to blues, jazz, grunge, rock and even glam metal. Their music is unique in its style and rejects the strict format that most hard rock songs and artists stick to. They offer a very complex outlook on music by creating their own unique style. Although it offers some classic roots mentioned previously like jazz and blues, their music is very contemporary. Candlebox borders "pop metal" or the typical metal style and Grunge.

Candlebox were occasionally looked down upon by members of the Grunge movement; they criticized Candlebox's style and image as being derivative of Grunge. Candlebox were regarded by promoters, fans, and record label executives as one of the few workhorse bands of the Seattle Scene; the band toured relentlessly and played the Seattle club circuit. Candlebox had the vigorous support of promoters and fans, and the band's persistence paid off when their self-titled debut was released in 1993. Candlebox sold more than 4 million copies of their debut which, after many months of gaining momentum, peaked at number 7 on Billboard's album charts. Their follow-up album, Lucy, was certified gold in 1996. Candlebox was the first successful act on Madonna's Maverick Records, which went on to sign Alanis Morissette, Deftones, and The Prodigy.

According to Billboard.com, "Candlebox will release its first album in 10 years, Into the Sun, on July 22 via Silent Majority/ILG records." The new album was produced by Ron Aniello (Lifehouse, Barenaked Ladies) and will feature performances by both Scott Mercado and Dave Krusen on drums. The first single, "Stand" was released to Radio in mid-May and Candlebox officially commences their tour in support of the new record in June 2008. Into the Sun will be Candlebox's first studio album since 1998's Happy Pills. The First single "Stand" has reached as high as number 12 on the national rock air play chart.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/