Mindjet MindManager 2012 Pro 10.0.445 Portable | 220 Mb

Mindjet® MindManager® Pro transforms brainstorming ideas, strategic thinking, and business information into blueprints for action, enabling teams and organizations to work faster, smarter, and with greater coordination.

MindManager’s visual information maps (mind maps) start with a central theme, and then add branches with ideas, notes, images, tasks, hyperlinks and attachments. Easily import from or export to Microsoft Office. Use MindManager maps to capture and organize information, and you’ll quickly transform your thoughts and ideas into fine-tuned documents, compelling presentations and winning strategies. MindManager gives you with a better way to brainstorm, organize facts, plan projects, and communicate results.

Features

Industry-leading Information Visualizations
Easily lay out, organize and work with ideas and information in a wide variety of interactive visual formats including information maps, outlines, Gantt charts, organization charts, tree diagrams and a special brainstorming mode.

Project & Task Management
Improve project planning by brainstorming and tracking task details, automatically calculating summary tasks and optimizing resource utilization. View MindManager, Outlook and SharePoint* tasks in the new synchronized Gantt view or export tasks to Microsoft Project.

Information Map Presentations
Showcase your ideas and increase engagement using MindManager's automated presentation view or customizable slide shows. With MindManager's dynamic presentations, you'll easily tailor the level of details presented for each audience and capture critical feedback right in the presentation.

Integrations & Sharing
Save time and benefit from powerful integrations. Access and update Microsoft Office files within MindManager's integrated browser. Import from Microsoft Word and Project. Export to Word, Project or PowerPoint. Display dynamic Outlook or Excel content. Export web pages, images, PDF files and more. Or, share hosted interactive map files with anyone on the web even if they do not have MindManager.

Capture Content & Add Context
Easily add hyperlinks, attachments, notes, images, and spreadsheets to provide additional levels of details. Quickly drag and drop content to reorganize it and provide structure. Use icons, tags, topic shapes, callouts, boundaries, colors, topic sorting and numbering to provide additional context.

Interactive Dashboards
Create powerful dynamic Microsoft Outlook dashboards to automatically display (and update) contextually relevant emails, tasks, contacts, notes and appointments. Populate branches with desktop or network folders & files for easy access. Or, perform web searches like Google or Bing with results appearing directly in your map.

Navigation & Viewing Controls
Easily navigate and control the levels of details displayed with powerful features like topic focus, show or hide branch, collapse map, quick filters and advanced power filters. Automatically fit or balance your map within the screen or use the mini-map view to navigate large maps.

Map Sharing Community
Share map templates with the extensive Mindjet community.





BE PATIENT WITH MY UPLOAD.IT MAY TAKE TIME .DUE TO CONNECTION PROBLEM