Silas-TiNYiSO

Silas (c) Exalt Studios

Release On   : 15 September 2011         Disk Amount/Format : 1 DVD ISO
Type of Game : Action                    Media Protection   : Nothing


Release Information:

Welcome To Planet Silas!

A tournament has been formed, and you have been chosen to fight. You will
learn how to fly, race, and kill with precision while unlocking tons of
cheats and achievements. As you become better, you'll gain new perks and
ranks, advance to the top of the leaderboards, and ultimately become the
best this planet has ever seen.

In the first ever FPS/Kart Hybrid, it's up to you to decide how you want
to play. With innovative modes that allow you to get in on the action
like you never have before. From the fast paced races, to the kart
combat on the ground and air, Silas delivers an intense experience that
never slows down!

Play against your friends online or in LAN, or keep to yourself in the
single player modes. 21 levels, 18 weapons, 10 modes, and over 30
original songs make this one of the biggest indie games ever!

Features:

Unique Intense Gameplay
   
Reach great speeds while still maintaining solid maneuverability. Whether
you're playing in the online modes or single player, Silas just feels
different than any game before it. It is extremely fast and intense,
allowing you to blow up your opponents with tons of different weapons,
all while making decisions in split seconds. The many obstacles and
boosts scattered around the tracks and arenas only add to the excitement.
   
Innovative Ground-Air/Air-Air Combat
Take the battle to the skies with the flight powerups, or bring down
anyone in the air using the unique instant ""Turret Mode"" functions of
the weapons. The anti-air weapons are all very well thought out. This
allows the player to develop many different strategies to win. If you're
in the air, you can easily defend yourself with dual chain guns and the
ability to carpet bomb your foes.
   
A Really Deep Single Player Experience
  
There are 12 characters and karts in Silas, each with their own unique
attributes. Play in the Grand-Prix, V.S, Time Trail, and Mercenary Modes.
The Mercenary Mode offers 24 missions that you have to complete in the
shortest time possible, including 4 boss battles. Plus 24 achievements,
20 cheats, and even a museum showing off the games development over the
years. Silas delivers many hours of gameplay with tons of unlockables.
   
The Full Multiplayer Experience
    
Up to 12 player online gameplay. Create a profile and gain up to 50
different ranks and 30 perks as you become the best in the world. Stats
are tracked for everything, and if that wasn't enough, you can fully
customize every multiplayer game you create. There is also a message
board and leaderboards for kills, races, and Time Trail scores. Capture
the flag, Capture the Pipes, Deathmatch, Team-Deathmatch, Survival, and
Online racing are the multiplayer modes. And if you're not into online
play, then you and your friends can easily play the LAN mode at home.
    
21 Diverse Worlds
    
The racetracks, arenas, and other locals within Silas offer you an
amazing assortment of challenges and opportunities. Designed for great
gameplay before any major graphics work is done on them, they offer
both and immersive experience and a great sense of flow. Since this is
a fantasy game with a sci-fi edge, the worlds range anywhere from snow,
to deserts, to space, to the unknown.
   
18 Weapons, 32 Different Functions
   
Each weapon has 2 unique functions suited for different situations. There
are 2 classifications of weapons, projectile based and turret based. The
turret based weapons utilize a lock-on system never seen in racing games
before, allowing a seamless experience between racing and targeting. Or
you can duke it out in ""Shooter Mode"" which allows you to seamlessly
target your foes in battle.
   
32 Song Original Soundtrack
   
Each song in the game was produced to the best quality possible by
Loudcore. I have always believed in offering the best audio experience
possible. With 100's of audio effects, and 32 songs, the audio is top
notch in Silas.
   
Experience Great Visuals
   
Offering many great features such as reflective/refractive water, glass,
volumetric clouds, DOF, HDR, normalmapping, shadowmapping, postprocessing
effects, dynamic weather, dynamic lighting, and realistic vegetation.
Along with the various effects and unique visual style, the worlds come
to life in a very imaginative way. Silas is leading the way in its genre.
   
Dynamic tutorial modes which teach your how to play directly in the game.



Burn/mount, install, play!

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO



" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "

