 http://bayimg.com/nAkNFAADI

A Very British Psycho (TV 1997) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0239149/

Peeping Tom is a 1960 British psychological thriller directed by Michael Powell and written by the World War II cryptographer and polymath Leo Marks. The title derives from the slang expression 'peeping Tom' describing a voyeur. The film revolves around a serial killer who murders women while using a portable movie camera to record their dying expressions of terror.

Its controversial subject and the extremely harsh reception by critics effectively destroyed Powell's career as a director in the United Kingdom. However, it attracted a cult following, and in later years, it has been re-evaluated and is now considered a masterpiece

I saw this film twenty years ago at a midnight showing through a haze of marijuana smoke, and I did not like it.  Time has not increased my appreciation, but someone sent me a request for an upload of this documentary.

Here is a look at the British psychogical thriller that suffered a disasterous reception on its release in 1960, only to be reappraised as a classic 19 years later.

Michael Powell, the British director of classics such as A Matter Of Life And Death and The Red Shoes, was the critics’ darling but fancied a change of tac. He found the right project with a pitch from screenwriter Leo Marks about a tortured young man who kills women with his camera equipment. The character Mark Lewis (Carl Boehm) suffers from Scoptophilia: the urge to gaze. He takes it to another level by trying to capture the life leaving his victims and the fear in their eyes as he stabs them with his sharpened camera tripod and records the final moments, while they watch themselves in a mirror.

When Powell suggested Peeping Tom as the title, Marks said “Won’t that get all the wrong people in?” Powell replied “Well, let’s get all the wrong people in as well as the right ones...”

The film is also a sly commentary on films and film-making, and the role of the audience as voyeur. Lewis is a focus puller by day who shoots porn at night. In between, he’s making his own snuff movies, all the while frustrated by not getting the shot right. “All this filming isn’t healthy,” he’s warned at one point. Martin Scorsese said of it “Peeping Tom (and 8 1/2) say everything that can be said about film-making, about the process of dealing with film, the objectivity and subjectivity of it and the confusion between the two.“

Lewis is a monster, but he’s also a victim, whose psychiatrist father has looked upon him as his own personal lab rat in his experiments on the causes and effects of fear. Any wonder the son wants to capture the same feeling on camera, to understand and deal with his obsession. The horror of Peeping Tom was in the psychodrama, peeling away the layers of of Lewis’ tawdry and deadly obsession in a seedy, dingy Soho.

Powell took a battering from critics when it was released. Derek Hill of The Tribune said “The only really satisfactory way to dispose of Peeping Tom would be to shovel it up and flush it swiftly down the nearest sewer.” The film was pulled from many cinemas, and cut elsewhere. Michael Powell’s career never recovered, until Martin Scorsese submitted the film to the New York Film Festival in 1979, and helped finance a U.S re-release. His love life took a turn for the better as well, as he married Marty’s editor, Thelma Schoonmaker.

