Strong, fast and easy-to-use security

Trend Micro™ Titanium™ Internet Security provides advanced protection for your family so you can connect with confidence. Titanium uses cloud technology to proactively stop viruses and spyware before they reach your computer, so it won’t slow you down. It’s the same technology we use to protect some of the world’s biggest businesses, now available to you.

    Titanium Internet Security Main Console Screen
    Strong Antivirus Protection Made Simple
    From the main Titanium Internet Security console screen, you can easily run an antivirus scan or get up-to-the-minute status reports on your computer’s security. 

    The security report screen in Titanium Internet Security
    Easy-to-Understand Security Reports
    Easy-to-read graphic reports provide you with all the details about the Internet threats that attack your computer. You can drill down into detailed security logs with just one click.

    
    Friendly, Adjustable Parental Controls
    Without having to look over their shoulders, you can easily protect your children from inappropriate websites, limit their time on the Internet, and see detailed activity reports about what they do online. The Parental Controls can be quickly customized.

    
    Data Theft Prevention
    Prevent hackers and spyware from stealing credit card numbers, passwords, email addresses, and other sensitive data.

    
    Securely Erase Documents
    Deleting a file just removes the directory information used to find it, but not the actual data. The Secure Erase feature overwrites deleted files with random data, so that the contents can’t be retrieved. For even more security, the Permanent Erase option overwrites files seven times and meets United States government data security standards. 

    System Tuner
    Maximize Performance
    The System Tuner feature can help you recover disk space, make Microsoft® Windows® start faster, clean out your instant messaging history, and optimize your computer’s performance. You can even schedule automatic tune-ups that will keep your PC running smoothly.

    SafeSync backup and sync with 2 GB of storage
    Backup and Sync
    Automatically keep your irreplaceable digital files backed up, synchronized, and secure with 2 GB of online storage. Enjoy any-time access to your multimedia and private files from any online device anywhere. You can even share files you choose. 

   
 Customize your Titanium Internet Security window
    Easy UI Skinning
    Customize your Titanium with a favorite photo or image. 

Serial key was generated from a trend micro website, they were (and possibly still are) doing an offer of 4 years free security when you use http://edu.trendmicro.fr/

Just input email address and press enter on your keboard(do not double click on mouse as this doent seem to work?)

Here is the key that was generated foe me when i signed up PDFP-9993-0283-4209-5883

Please seed as much as possible.

Cheers.



