Hugh Laurie - All Or Nothing At All typical episode notes 

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1202kbps 
Duration.............: 49:49.416
Resolution...........: 600*452 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 525,544,470
No Subtitles

NOTE - The first torrent failed due to a "no input file specified" error. Hopefully, this one should work.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106249/
 
http://www.amazon.com/All-Nothing-at-Pippa-Guard/dp/B000WTZ63U/ref=sr_1_1?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1302200650&sr=1-1
 
http://www.hughlaurie.net/allornothingatall.html
 
http://bayimg.com/kaJelAaDh



All or Nothing At All (1993)
They do not come much darker than you, do they?

All Or Nothing At All is a British made-for-television three-part miniseries starring the talented Hugh Laurie as con man and gambler Leo Hopkins. The film opens at a party at the gorgeous multi-million pound country home of Leo, his wife, Jane (Jessica Turner) and their three children. To Leos acquaintances, he appears to have the perfect life: Leos a happily married, successful financial analyst. Envied by his society friends, everyone wonders just how Leo does it. He seems to have the Midas touch.

The story gradually strips away the layers of lies surrounding Leos life. A practiced con man, Leo cashes in on the greed of his friends and relatives, but since Leo is also addicted to gambling, its just a matter of time before his life crumbles into ruin.

The film is rather well executed. Hugh Laurie is perfectly cast as Leo, and he is surrounded here by an equally excellent cast–including Bob Monkhouse as his boss, Giles. Leo is funny, unassuming and seems to be non-threatening (in contrast to some of his sleazier friends, Duncan, for example). Leo appears to be just eccentric enough to be a financial wizard, so when he promises his friends impossibly high returns on investments, they are all too happy to believe it. Leo is particularly good at deceiving women, and we see the three main women he manipulates–his wife Jane, his long-suffering and far-too-devoted secretary Marion (Pippa Guard) and Diane (Sioban McCarthy)–a woman who places Leos insane bets.

It is the characters here that make the film so rich. Leo moves in a society that is largely superficial–a society in which markers of affluence are more important than how that affluence was achieved. And since a frank discussion of money making is considered bad form, Leo can acquire his friends money with few questions asked.

On the surface, Leo is a very likeable fellow, and he is so likeable that it is easy to see how he gets away with so much. On the other hand, some of his greed-bag friends are pushy and unpleasant. We tend to think of con men as greedy, mean spirited people, but Leo is portrayed as someone who is largely oblivious to the damage he causes, and if he does stop to think about what he does, he marks his actions up to wanting people to like him. The acting is excellent, and the conclusion is not easy to predict–in spite of all the very obvious paths this story takes. At one point, the film hints that Leo has fabricated other parts of his life; in an early scene, he slips when recalling his university days, but the film, rather frustratingly, just hints at this, and does not explore this aspect of Leos life any further. If you like British television drama, then there is an excellent chance that you will enjoy this entertaining drama. Directed by Andrew Grieve.


Hugh Laurie	 ...    Leo Hopkins
Pippa Guard	 ...	Marion
Siobhan McCarthy	 ...	Diane
Richard Albrecht	 ...	Guest 
Peter Aubrey	 ...	Man at races 
Roger Booth	 ...	Parishioner 
Rupert Burton	 ...	Young Francis 
Wolf Christian	 ...	Guard 
Peter Copley	 ...	Mr Garlic 
Simon Cowell-Parker	 ...	William 
Sandy Grizzle	 ...	Boo 
Phyllida Law	 ...	Mrs. Timpson 
Claude Le Saché	 ...	Giraud 
Fergus McLarnon	 ...	Chalker 
Robert Putt	 ...	Guard 
John Stone	 ...	Archdeacon 
Allan Surtees	 ...	Bookie 
Amanda Walker	 ...	Mrs. Lederman 
Benny Young	 ...	Crombie 
   