Echoes is the first album released on Compact Disc that includes "When the Tigers Broke Free", which appeared in the film version of The Wall (the song later appeared on the 2004 re-release of The Final Cut in a slightly re-mixed form). It is also the only compilation album so far that includes Echoes from the 1971 album Meddle, although this is in an edited version.
The compilation spans the career of Pink Floyd from their first single "Arnold Layne" in 1967, through to "High Hopes", the final track from their 1994 studio album The Division Bell. Four of their albums—Soundtrack from the Film More, Ummagumma, Atom Heart Mother, and Obscured by Clouds—are not represented whatsoever, though multiple tracks from Atom Heart Mother and Ummagumma were planned to appear on the compilation. Each of the twenty-six tracks fades from one to the next with no break in the music, courtesy of longtime producer–engineer James Guthrie to help recreate the concept album feel of the band's mid-period work. All twenty-six tracks were newly remastered specifically for this compilation and are not sequenced in chronological order.
"There’s been the occasional phone call but no great brainstorming sessions to get us all together. All our stuff in conducted through our engineer James Guthrie, who coordinated Echoes from his place in Lake Tahoe."
— David Gilmour, 
Storm Thorgerson, best known for creating the majority of album covers for Pink Floyd, worked with the band Dream Theater on their 1997 album Falling into Infinity and submitted to the band two sketches for possible covers. One became the cover that was used on the release. The second ended up being used by Pink Floyd for Echoes four years later. The two original sketches are framed and hanging in the home of former Dream Theater drummer Mike Portnoy and is pointed out by Portnoy in his Hudson Music instructional drum DVD In Constant Motion.

Artwork
The artwork is a collage of several well-known images from previous album covers. Some of these include:
A burning man (from Wish You Were Here's cover)
A porcelain pig and cow (symbolising the covers of the albums Animals and Atom Heart Mother, respectively)
A sheep, representing the album Animals
Several pyramids representing The Dark Side of the Moon
A man in a light bulb suit (from the cover of the live album Delicate Sound of Thunder)
An iron bedstead representing A Momentary Lapse of Reason.
A white and black brick wall (representing The Wall and Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live 1980–81, respectively)
A crossed-hammer insignia (made popular in the 1982 film adaptation of the album The Wall)
There is a band´s photograph hanging below the insignia.
A bike (referring to the song "Bike" from The Piper at the Gates of Dawn)
An axe (referring to the spoken line from "One of These Days", "One of these days, I'm going to cut you into little pieces", the song "Careful with that Axe, Eugene", or the line "Run to the bedroom / In the suitcase on the left / You'll find my favourite axe" from the song "One of My Turns")
A The Piper at the Gates of Dawn poster.
A fishbowl (referring to the lyrics to the song "Wish You Were Here": "How I Wish, How I Wish You Were Here / We´re Just Two Lost Souls / Swimming In A Fishbowl)
A man in military attire (referring to the concept album The Final Cut)
A mirror ball (referring to the one used during the final solo in "Comfortably Numb" on the video album P*U*L*S*E)
An aeroplane model referring to the crashing aeroplane used in the DVD P*U*L*S*E at the end of On The Run, perhaps also David Gilmour's and Nick Mason's love for aviation and/or the song Learning to Fly or possibly the plane that killed Pink's father and symbolising his mother in "The Trial", from The Wall
A rowing boat (referring to the picture label on the vinyl edition of A Momentary Lapse of Reason)
Two metal statues representing The Division Bell
A Shine On poster
Four masks representing Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live 1980–81
A picture of an ear from the album art for Meddle'
A swimmer drying off from the inner art of Wish You Were Here
The burning man is carrying the suitcase that also appeared on the inner artwork of "Wish You Were Here"
A towel being blown by the wind, making a form like the one shown in the "High Hopes" single release.
A couple of dancers from A Collection of Great Dance Songs
The maid can also be seen in the insert for A Momentary Lapse of Reason'
The sitting man with his briefcase is on the back art of Wish You Were Here
The lake is shaped like a pig, representing the pigs they would fly during their concerts, also referring to their songs "Pigs on the Wing" and "Pigs (Three Different Ones)" from the album Animals
The view of windows within windows refers to the infinite recursion of the Ummagumma cover.
Empty bottles on shelves by the window resemble those on the cover of A Saucerful of Secrets
A miniature of a cow, representing Atom Heart Mother's cover as well as the grass that can be seen through the third window.
There is also a target, representing the eyes from the sculptures on the cover of the The Division Bell.

Credits
Pink Floyd
Syd Barrett – guitar and vocals on "Astronomy Domine", "See Emily Play", "Arnold Layne", "Jugband Blues" and "Bike"
David Gilmour – guitars; fretless bass guitar on "Hey You"; bass guitar on "Sheep", "High Hopes", and "One Of These Days"; keyboards; drum programming on "Sorrow", lead vocals on "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II", "Echoes", "Hey You", "Money", "Keep Talking", "Sorrow", "Time", "Comfortably Numb", "Us and Them", "Learning to Fly", "Wish You Were Here", "High Hopes".
Nick Mason – drums, percussion, tape effects, vocalisations on "One of These Days"
Roger Waters – bass guitar, rhythm guitar on "Sheep", tape effects, lead vocals on "The Happiest Days of Our Lives", "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II", "Hey You", "Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun", "Sheep", "Shine on You Crazy Diamond", "Comfortably Numb", "The Fletcher Memorial Home", "When the Tigers Break Free"
Richard Wright – keyboards, organ, piano, synthesisers, clavinet, lead vocals on "Astronomy Domine", "Echoes", "Time", "Us and Them".
Additional personnel
Sam Brown – backing vocals on "Keep Talking"
Jon Carin – keyboards on "Marooned", "Keep Talking", "Learning to Fly" and "High Hopes"
Lesley Duncan – backing vocals on "Time" and "Us and Them"
Venetta Fields – backing vocals on "Shine On You Crazy Diamond"
Donnie Gerard – backing vocals on "Sorrow" and "Learning to Fly"
James Guthrie – remastering, percussion on "The Happiest Days of Our Lives"
Islington Green School – choir on "Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2)"
Michael Kamen – orchestrations
Carol Kenyon – backing vocals on "Keep Talking"
Darlene Koldenhaven – backing vocals on "Sorrow" and "Learning to Fly"
Tony Levin – bass guitar on "Learning to Fly"
Durga McBroom – backing vocals on "Keep Talking"
Dick Parry – saxophones
Pontarddulais Male Voice Choir led by Noel Davis – choir on "When the Tigers Broke Free"
Guy Pratt – bass guitar on "Marooned" and "Keep Talking"
The Salvation Army (The International Staff Band) on "Jugband Blues":
Ray Bowes (cornet)
Terry Camsey (cornet)
Mac Carter (trombone)
Les Condon (E♭ bass)
Maurice Cooper (euphonium)
Ian Hankey (trombone)
George Whittingham (B♭ bass)
One other uncredited musician
Phyllis St. James – backing vocals on "Sorrow" and "Learning to Fly"
Barry St. John – backing vocals on "Time" and "Us and Them"
Liza Strike – backing vocals on "Time" and "Us and Them"
Storm Thorgerson – cover design
Clare Torry – vocals on "The Great Gig in the Sky"
Doris Troy – backing vocals on "Time" and "Us and Them"
Carmen Twillie – backing vocals on "Sorrow" and "Learning to Fly"
Gary Wallis – percussion on "Keep Talking"
Carlena Williams – backing vocals on "Shine On You Crazy Diamond"
File Type: MP3 File(.mp3)
***NOTE: Being this Album/CD Plays through without a break I've added an extra folder with all tracks included so you may pick and play each track alone.Tracks were separated with a wave editor. 