USA
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller, Fantasy, Horror, Comedy
Taal: Engels
Ondertitels: vaste Nederlandse ondertiteling
Vertaling:Bierdopje.com
IMDb
Seizoen 5

Season 5, Episode 1: Sympathy for the Devil
In the aftermath of the Devil rising, Sam and Dean are whisked away and they are given a message from Chuck Shurley that Castiel is dead and that Luficer walks the Earth. As a result, Sam and Dean turn to Bobby for help to find a mystical weapon, called Michael's Sword. This will enable them to find the Devil before he takes on a new form to bring the slow end of the world. But the Winchester brothers are pitted against the archangel Zachariah who has plans for Dean, as well as more demons. Sam and Dean recognise a demon, Meg, who has returned from Hell.

Season 5, Episode 2: Good God, Y'All
An old friend of Bobby's calls, panicked about demons attacking his town. Sam and Dean arrive and everything appears exactly as they had expected. As time progresses they realize there is more than they bargained for.

Season 5, Episode 3: Free to Be You and Me
Not sure he trusts himself, Sam decides to give up hunting and goes off on his own. But that night, a late-night visitor tells Sam that he won't let him off the hook that easily. Dean, intent on stopping the Apocalypse, continues hunting on his own and teams up with Castiel to find the Archangel Raphael since Castiel believes Raphael knows the location of God's vessel on Earth.

Season 5, Episode 4: The End
Dean awakens five years in the future in an abandoned city and is attacked by humans infected with a demonic virus that makes them mindless, flesh-eating zombies. Zachariah soon appears and explains to Dean that the world he sees is the result of his refusal to help the angels fight Lucifer.

Season 5, Episode 5: Fallen Idols
Sam and Dean decide to start hunting together again and their first case leads them to a small town whose inhabitants are being killed by famous dead icons like Abraham Lincoln and James Dean, etc. Once they discover Paris Hilton has been involved in demonic crimes too, they don't know what to believe anymore.

Season 5, Episode 6: I Believe the Children Are Our Future
Sam and Dean investigate a series of odd murders that strangely resemble fairy tales and urban legends. The brothers track down an 11-year-old boy named Jesse, and realize that whatever Jesse believes is coming true. Castiel appears again and tells Sam and Dean that Jesse is a serious threat and needs to be eliminated which deeply disturbers and divides them since it is against the Winchester brother's custom of killing a human

Season 5, Episode 7: The Curious Case of Dean Winchester
Sam and Dean discover that a witch is running a high-stakes poker game where the currency is life years vs. money. Bobby sees the game as a chance to get out of the wheelchair and bets 25 years, but loses. As Bobby begins to age rapidly, Dean steps in to save him but also ends up turning into an old man, leaving Sam holding the only hopes for their survival.

Season 5, Episode 8: Changing Channels
Sam and Dean catch up with the Trickster, who sends them through a dizzying montage of TV show parodies, inviting them to play along with their "roles" or be stuck in "TV Land" forever. But once Castiel shows up, the boys get an idea as to what the Trickster might be hiding and eventually come up with a surprising answer.

Season 5, Episode 9: The Real Ghostbusters
Dean and Sam are on a Supernatural convention where they meet lots of fans of the Supernatural Comic Books. After a while they get the impression that something is not right at the location of the convention.

Season 5, Episode 10: Abandon All Hope
Dean and Sam get to know the whereabouts of Lucifer and want to hunt him down. But Lucifer is well prepared and is working his own plans.

Season 5, Episode 11: Sam, Interrupted
When a former hunter calls Sam and Dean for help from inside a mental institution, the brothers get themselves admitted as patients to check out his claims of supernatural phenomena. When their incarceration pushes them both to the breaking point their personal issues send them over the edge.

Season 5, Episode 12: Swap Meat
A goofy teenager conjures up a dangerous body-switching spell and swaps bodies with Sam. It's all fun and games for the teenager until Dean discovers something is up. Meanwhile Sam tries to deal with life as a teenager and discovers the boys friends have ulterior motives.

Season 5, Episode 13: The Song Remains the Same
The angels send Anna back in time to kill John and Mary Winchester before they can conceive Sam knowing that if Sam was never born then Lucifer won't be able to use him as his vessel. Castiel sends Sam and Dean back to 1978 so they can stop Anna, and the two brothers are reunited with their parents. Mary recognizes Dean as a hunter since he visited her in the past once before but tries to keep the truth from John.

Season 5, Episode 14: My Bloody Valentine
Castiel helps Sam and Dean hunt down Cupid (guest star Lex Medlin) on Valentine's Day after townspeople start to kill each other for love. However, after Cupid tells them he's innocent, they discover Famine (guest star James Otis), one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, has arrived in town.

Season 5, Episode 15: Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid
Sam and Dean investigate Bobby's home town where the dead are rising from the grave but instead of attacking humans, they are happily reuniting with their families. The brothers turn to Bobby for help but he tells them not to worry about it and to leave town. Suspicious, Dean investigates and comes face to face with Bobby's dead wife who has no memory of what happened to her. Once the zombies start turning evil, the boys tell Bobby he has to kill his wife but he refuses

Season 5, Episode 16: Dark Side of the Moon
When ambushed by hunters aware of their angelic situation, Sam and Dean are shot and killed. In Heaven Castiel urges them to search for an angel named Joshua who can help them find God. Meanwhile Zachariah is searching for them in Heaven

Season 5, Episode 17: 99 Problems
As Sam and Dean arrive in a small town they discover it is under demon attack. Strangely the daughter of the local pastor is having visions and is giving guidance to the townsfolk as a prophet. Guiding them and advising them she has built up their trust and blind faith. But things are not what they seem as Sam and Dean discover the truth when Castiel shows up

Season 5, Episode 18: Point of No Return
Dean begins to think the only way to stop Lucifer is to say yes to Michael, but the angels decide they don't need him anymore. Dean, Sam and Castiel are horrified at the angels' new game plan and take on Zachariah to prevent an all out war on Earth. Meanwhile, a familiar face returns

Season 5, Episode 19: Hammer of the Gods
Sam and Dean are kidnapped by a group of gods, including Kali, Ganesh and Baldur and held hostage in a small hotel. The gods want to use Sam and Dean as bargaining chips to stop the Apocalypse, but Gabriel shows up and warns them that if Lucifer finds them he will kill them all. Unfortunately, one of the gods turns on the rest and Lucifer appears

Season 5, Episode 20: The Devil You Know
The demon Crowley tells Sam and Dean he can help them find the remaining Horsemen rings so they can trap Lucifer. The brothers are doubtful until Crowley leads them to Brady, the Handler for Pestilence and Death. However, Brady refuses to give up their locations and sets Pestilence after the Winchesters

Season 5, Episode 21: Two Minutes to Midnight
Crowley tells Bobby he will give him the location of Death, the fourth horseman, in exchange for his soul. Sam and Dean confront Pestilence, but he unleashes a deadly virus upon them, so Castiel must intervene on their behalf. Dean has a meeting with Death to discuss Lucifer, and an unholy alliance is formed at a very high price for Dean.

Season 5, Episode 22: Swan Song
With the Apocalypse looming, Sam and Dean realize they are out of options and make heart-breaking decisions that will change their lives forever. A beloved character is killed.

hardcoded dutch subs

deze review wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc ga dan eens naar 
http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be/