864db7cde37c769913c560f6170c4e7ba7b89f79
Description:	The Italian metal band Rhapsody of Fire is definitely one of the most influential acts of the 90’s. With their mixture of melodic metal and elements of classical music influenced by the cinema soundtracks, the Italians created a complete new genre: The Symphonic Metal.

Guitarist Luca Turilli and keyboarder Alex Staropoli started in 1993 under the name of Thundercross, influenced by acts like Helloween, Blind Guardian, Cacophony, Yngwie Malmsteen and Crinsom Glory. With their first demo “Land Of Immortals” the young guys from Trieste were signed by the new label LMP Records, which was founded by the former Helloween manager Limb Schnoor who effectively established the band. The new singer Fabio Lione completed the band and just before the production of the debut they renamed the group in Rhapsody. “Legendary Tales” with its pompous choirs and an orchestra was released in 1997. The lyrical content was based on the “Emerald Sword Saga”, an epic fantasy tale written by Luca Turilli.

In 2006 Rhapsody was forced to rename into Rhapsody of Fire because of a copyright complaint of a same-titled US band. The following extensive world tour was a great success and the DVD “Visions From The Enchanted Lands”, released in 2007, provides into it.


Current Members:

Fabio Lione - Vocals
Luca Turilli - Guitar
Alex Staropoli - Keyboards
Patrice Guers - Bass
Alex Holzwarth - Drums

Visions From the Enchanted Lands:

Following on from their debut album Legendary Tales, this concert footage taken from their 2005 tour of Canada finds Rhapsody Of fire performing many of their best-known material, behind the scenes footage, interviews and videos. Plus 2 unreleased audio tracks.

Tracklist:
DVD 01:
Unholy Warcry (introduction)
The Past Few Years
The Wisdom Of The Kings (Live from Germany)
The Fans
The Village Of Dwarves (Live from Canada)
The Mystical Journey
Erian's Mystical Rhymes (Live from Canada)
Drum Solo (Live from Canada)
Canadian Cousins
Dawn Of Victory (Live from Canada)
Lamento Eroico (Live from Canada)
Emerald Sword (Live from Canada)
Czech Republic "Masters of Rock":
The Village Of Dwarves
Land Of Immortals
Germany's Earthshaker Fest 2005:
Holy Thunderforce
Bonus Videos:
Unholy Warcry - music video (extended version)
The Magic of the Wizard's Dream (German Version)
Unreleased bonus tracks (audio only):
Age Of The Red Moon
Power Of Thy Sword

DVD 02:
Unholy Warcry - music video
The Magic Of The Wizard's Dream - music video
The Making of The Dark Secret - documentary
The Making of The Wizard's Dream - documentary
Unholy Warcry (Live from USA)
Live Equipment
Additional Interviews from 2005 Tour
Triumph Or Agony - Electronic Press Kit
Rehearsal - Erian's Mystical Rhymes
The Village Of Dwarves
Outtakes
Unholy Warcry - music video (Behind The Scenes)