it's been 12 FUCKING YEARS EDITION!




1:Duke Nukem: Manhattan Project  (C)  ARUSH ENTERTAINMENT


Game information :



Gaming's king of action returns in an all new adventure, this time in New York

City. Duke battles his way across towering skyscraper rooftops and through

gritty subway stations on the hunt for power-hungry villain, Mech Morphix.

Mutants of every kind are thrown at Duke as he chases down Morphix through eight

huge environments and avoids the green slime called G.L.O.P.P. that is causing

all the chaos.



FEATURES:



Radioactive slime isn't Duke's only problem - there over 25 uniquely dangerous

mutated enemies hell-bent on making a meal of him. Whether it's Uzi-sporting

alligators or ten-foot tall roach beasts - Duke's in town to blast bad guys and

save babes. Sure, pipe bombs, a machine gun, a rocket launcher and a pulse

cannon are gonna make a goo-filled mess in the Big Apple, but what's a hero to



Fast-action 3rd person platform gaming in a rich 3D environment.



Dynamic, zoomable camera gets you close to the action and shows Duke battling it

out from many different angles.



8 huge, immersive NY-themed missions: Rooftop Rebellion, Chinatown Chiller,

Metro Madness, Unholy Underworld, Fearsome Factory, Tanker Trouble, Deviant

Drilling and Orbital Oblivion.



9 powerful weapons: Golden Eagle Pistol, Shotgun, Assault Rifle, Pipe Bomb,

G.L.O.P.P. Ray, Pulse Cannon, Pneumatic Rocket-Propelled Grenade Launcher and

the Mighty Boot kick. Plus, some weapons get powerful upgrades by collecting all

Nuke symbols in the various skill levels, leading up to the incredible X-3000!



More than 25 enemies ranging from the Gator-Oids, mutated Uzi-wielding

alligators, to Fem-Mechs, female robot mutants with deadly whips. Classic Duke

enemies like the PigCops will also be among the dead piled up at your feet.



True Duke Nukem action and attitude, great weapon effects and sarcastic

one-liners.





2:Old Duke Nukem 3d but with better graphics!



Instructions:



Once extracted just click on either setup.exe to start setting up your config before starting the game or click on one of the other duke3d exe's.



Updated from:



1 Feb 2008 (3.6a)


Note the Uploader:



The Duke3D High Resolution Pack allows you to use much better looking textures than the original game (released back in 1996) had to offer in the first place. It also introduces 3D model replacements for the old enemies/weapons/sprites. Incombination with an OpenGL port like JFDuke3D or EDuke32 this gives Duke Nukem 3D a modernized, more appealing look and even motivates Duke veterans to play through the original episodes once again.



Enjoy this game with love From MAFIAA!