Official Web Site:   http://www.quark.com/Products/QuarkXPress/


Print Design & Publishing

Join millions of designers — both professional and casual — who have called on QuarkXPress® for more than 25 years to achieve their print design and publishing goals.
Digital Design & Publishing

Use your print design skills and one tool to create Web, interactive, and digital publications.

Features

With QuarkXPress, you can communicate in all the ways you need to — and always look professional— in print and digital media, all in a single tool.

Easy to Use

 QuarkXPress is a powerful and full-featured tool that makes it easy to develop your ideas into gorgeous layouts.

Powerful Design Tools

 QuarkXPress provides an arsenal of design tools that let you turn even the most elaborate visions into reality.

Precision Typography

 Typography is an art form, and QuarkXPress provides the tools you need to create powerful works of typographical art. If you’re a perfectionist, QuarkXPress provides all of the tools you need to reach perfection. If you’re not, QuarkXPress provides presets and default behaviors that make your work look professional even when you’re not paying attention to the details.

Digital Publishing: Web, SWF (Flash®), e-books, and more 

 QuarkXPress provides a toolset that lets you design and publish for a variety of output formats — including the Web, smartphones, e-readers, and tablets — without having to learn a different skill set for each, learn to write code or program, or purchase additional software applications.

Integration with other Applications

 No application is an island. That’s why QuarkXPress was designed from the beginning to work with files in a wide variety of formats.

Layout Automation

 QuarkXPress not only provides you with world-class layout tools — it provides you with automation tools that allow you to create top-end design quickly and efficiently.

Reliable Print Output

 The most gorgeous print layout in the world is no good if you can’t print it. With over two decades of experience as the premiere tool for creating high-quality printed output, QuarkXPress has the tools you need to make sure that your layouts look the way you design them, both on the screen and on the press, without time-consuming troubleshooting and tweaking.


Collaboration

 Do you need to keep style and color definitions consistent within a workgroup? Would you like to be able to have more than one person working on a layout at the same time — even if they’re in different locations? Would you like to be able to import an Excel spreadsheet, then automatically update the layout when the spreadsheet changes? QuarkXPress helps you to make sure that when you work with others, you’re really working together.

New in QuarkXPress 9

* Create the Ultimate Mobile Experience  App Studio for QuarkXPress

* Bring Rich, Interactive Design to the eBook MarketplaceDesign for the Blio
  eReader

* Tap into the Exploding eBook Market  Export to ePUB

System Requirements:

Mac Intel processor OS X.5 and above
2GB RAM (1GB minimum)

--- PLEASE SEED ---
