

David Bowie & Friends - Birthday Celebration (Live in NYC)  

David Bowie and a star-studded cast of special guests gather at New York City's fabled Madison Square Garden to celebrate Bowie's fiftieth birthday. In keeping with Bowie's longstanding artistic independence, this is far more than a standard tribute event. 
Bowie puts on an amazing, full-scale show with his tight-knit, hard-driving, highly sophisticated band, taking a fascinating trip through a big slice of his catalogue.
Beloved songs from all Bowie periods get compelling interpretations: "Space Oddity","Little Wonder", "Seven Years In Tibet", "The Man Who Sold The World", "Under Pressure"(featuring Gail 
Ann Dorsey, Bowie's amazing bassist), "All The Young Dudes", and many more. 
And then there are the guests: the Pixies' Frank Black, the entire Foo Fighters joining Bowie's band for "Hallo Spaceboy", the Cure's Robert Smith, Sonic Youth and the Smashing Pumpkins' Billy Corgan ...
Plus a major set with Lou Reed - in many ways the concers's centerpiece - with Bowie and Reed covering songs by both of them. Bowie even gets a birthday cake! 
A thrilling celebration, by and for one of our greatest artists.



Tracklist:

1. Little Wonder
2. The Hearts Filthy Lesson
3. Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps) eith Frank Black
4. Fashion with Frank Black
5. Telling Lies
6. Hallo Spaceboy with Foo Fighters
7. Seven Years In Tibet with Dave Grohl
8. The Man Who Sold The World
9. That Last Thing You Should Do with Robert Smith
10. Quicksand with Robert Smith
11. Battle For Britain
12. Voyeur Of Utter Destruction (As Beauty)
13. I\'m Afraid Of Americans with Sonic Youth
14. Looking For Satellites
15. Under Pressure with Gail Ann Dorsey
16. Heroes
17. Queen Bitch with Lou Reed
18. I\'m Waiting For The Man with Lou Reed
19. Dirty Blvd. with Lou Reed
20. White Light/White Heat with Lou Reed
21. Moonage Daydream
22. Happy Birthday
23. All The Young Dudes with Billy Corgan
24. The Jean Genie with Billy Corgan
25. Space Oddity
26. I Can\'t Read
27. Repetition




Spotinformatie 

Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail
Menu          : Ja
Audio         : Engels DD 2.0 DD 5.1
Extra's       : Nee
Ondertitels   : Nee
Cover & label : Ja
Genre         : Muziek/Rock










