 http://nightingalevt.org/images/side_album1.png

Jolie [2009]

[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest.png[/img]

1.Newmarket Polka / Trip to Dingle 
 2.Jolie Louise 
 3.Barter's Hill / Lucy Campbell 
 4.Rhode Island 
 5.J'ai vu le loup / The Polka Piquée 
 6.Scotch Mary / Lizzy in the Lowground / Trails of Kubinek 
 7.Beau Rossignol Sauvage 
 8.Bourrée de Marguerite de Gennes / Le curé de la chapelle / Les échos du 9.Puy Mary 
 10.1800 and Froze to Death 
 11.Cadieux / The Popcorn Reel / The Golden Wedding 

 Passionate, achingly lovely and overflowing with joy 

 Nightingale was formed in 1993 by Jeremiah McLane (accordion, piano), Keith Murphy (voice, guitar, mandolin, piano, foot percussion), and Becky Tracy(fiddle). The nightingale bird is a poetic figure that appears in traditional songs from many places including parts of Northern Europe, Canada and the United States. So the nightingale was an appropriate emblem for a band commited to drawing inspiration from a wide musical territory that includes Ireland, France, Scandinavia, Newfoundland and Quebec.

 McLane, Murphy and Tracy were all established players in the traditional New England contra dance scene when they met and Nightingale quickly became a highly sought after New England dance band. But from its inception, Nightingale explored music outside the bounds of New England contra dance and could never be pigeon holed as simply a dance band. Songs of Quebec and Newfoundland were a staple of their repertoire and in their concerts they stretched the format of traditional dance music. Still, their experience as dance musicians generated an obsession with rhythmic integrity and the sustaining pulse that is the essence of dance music. The listener could never miss the underlying drive of much of Nightingale’s music.

 The band’s first recording, The Coming Dawn was made in 1994, barely a year after the band’s formation. It was produced by Pete Sutherland and it captured the fresh, raw energy of the band as well as establishing Nightingale’s sophistication as players and arrangers of an eclectic mix of traditional music.

 Less than two years later, the band took on a more ambitious recording project – Sometimes When the Moon is High, produced by Grey Larsen. The album was recorded in Joliette Quebec at the (just newly finished) studio of La Bottine Souriante pianist, Denis Frechette. More musically complex and more tightly arranged, this album won the band cudos from a wider audience.

 Throughout this period, Nightingale travelled extensively playing concerts and dance events around the U.S. and also in Canada, the U.K., France and Denmark.

 But eventually, after six years of intensive touring, the band needed a break, some rejuvenation and time to consider the group’s next phase. In 1999 the band began a nine month sabatical during which all three players explored other musical projects. In 2000, Nightingale reconvened and began reworking its repertoire, drawing more extensively on original compositions from band members Jeremiah McLane and Keith Murphy.These compositions frequently synthesize elements of the band’s traditional repertoire with subtle references to contemporary music. With this new repertoire, the group’s sound and energy also evolved, once again proving the creative resourcefulness of the band.

 This work culminated in Nightingale’s most recent recording – Three , released in June 2004. The CD was produced by Denis Frechette and recorded in Brattleboro, VT. It reflects Nightingale’s past while also breaking new ground.

 Nightingale has performed on CBC radio in Canada and was recently chosen for the Meet the Composer series in Saranac, New York. The band continues to perform at festivals, performing arts centers, folk clubs, and major dance events everywhere.

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2011/05/13/nightingale/
