Evanescence is an American rock band founded in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1995 by singer/pianist Amy Lee and guitarist Ben Moody. After recording private albums, the band released their first full-length album, Fallen, on Wind-up Records in 2003. Fallen sold more than 17 million copies worldwide and helped the band win two Grammy Awards. A year later, Evanescence released their first live album, Anywhere but Home, which sold more than one million copies worldwide. In 2006, the band released their second studio album, The Open Door, which sold more than six million copies.

The line-up of the group has changed several times: David Hodges leaving in 2002, co-founder Moody left in 2003 (mid-tour), bassist Will Boyd in 2006, followed by guitarist John LeCompt and drummer Rocky Gray in 2007. The last two changes led to a hiatus, with temporary band members contributing to tour performances. Billboard ranked Evanescence no.71 on the Best Artists of the Decade chart.

Announced in June 2009, the newest line-up of the band eventually returned with Evanescence, their self-titled third studio album, and it was released on October 11, 2011. It debuted at no.1 on the Billboard 200 chart with 127,000 copies in sales. According to Examiner.com, the album also debuted at no.1 on four other different Billboard charts, the Rock Albums, Digital Albums, Alternative Albums, and the Hard Rock Albums charts. The first single, What You Want, was released on August 9, 2011. The second single, My Heart Is Broken, was sent to radio stations beginning October 31, 2011. The band is currently on tour in promotion for their new record along with The Pretty Reckless and Fair to Midland. (wikipedia)

- - -

Five years later Evanescence is back in a big way. This self-titled album is hands down the band's most cohesive offering, featuring Amy Lee Hartzler's trademark vocals, big guitars, soaring choruses, full orchestra backup and a faster tempo drum. While the band initially went through more lineup changes after Open Door, all of them (Balsamo, Hunt, McCord, McLawhorn) are back and it's clear they have all been involved in the process for this album. Instead of songs centered solely on Amy and her piano, the music is more complex and rich.

The more up-tempo drumming and fuller sound is actually what differentiates this album musically from Fallen. And it's quite different from Open Door in that it lacks some of the experimental sounds that really put off some fans. However, while musically it's more reminiscent of Fallen, this is not to say the band hasn't switched it up as they've added different instruments like harps and synth keyboards which really accent their sound. I do wish they had pushed themselves a little more out of the box musically though. Probably my biggest disappointment with the album though is the lack of ballads, like it or not, there is nothing more gutting than Amy singing power ballads in her haunting voice. Unfortunately, there's only like two songs that could be considered as such which is bad considering that's where Amy's at her best.

But really the biggest difference about this album is the tone. While still firmly in the gothic hard rock category, Evanescence sounds much less emo and depressing than its predecessors, and instead powerful and commanding. I think it's a natural and important evolution for Evanescence (and probably means Amy is in a much better emotional state), but I can't deny that I found myself missing some of that chilling sadness found on songs like Like You. That's not to say that the songs aren't as emotional or never are sad (the epic Lost in Paradise being a prime example), just I found the album as a whole is more empowering than cathartic.

Spin has been streaming this album for about a week now, and while I've had it continuously on repeat, I'm not sure I'm in a place yet where I can give a definitive review. It will probably take me another month to be able to do that. But for now, I can say with conviction that this album is exciting, powerful and beautiful.

I was sincerely hoping that Amy would include more ballads on the deluxe version as there are hardly any on the album, but alas it is not so. Only the last song Secret Door is, and I'm currently not that big of a fan of it (maybe it needs to grow? as many people think it's brilliant). However, Say You Will, is worth the price of the other extra songs combined. It's a fast kick butt and take names type of song.
(Madeline, amazon.com)

- - -

Deluxe CD/DVD edition includes bonus tracks plus a bonus DVD. 2011 release, the long-awaited third album from Amy Lee and Co. While initial sessions were produced by the legendary Steve Lillywhite, the band ultimately ditched those recordings and completed the album with Nick Raskulinecz (Rush, Foo Fighters, Velvet Revolver). Features the single 'What You Want'.

- - -

Evanescence - Evanescence (Deluxe Edition) 2011
(CD+DVD Wind-up)

 1. What You Want
 2. Made of Stone
 3. The Change
 4. My Heart is Broken
 5. The Other Side
 6. Erase This
 7. Lost In Paradise
 8. Sick
 9. End of the Dream
10. Oceans
11. Never Go Back
12. Swimming Home.
13. New Way To Bleed
14. Say You Will
15. Disappear
16. Secret Door

Amy Lee - lead vocals, keyboards, harp (1995-present)
Terry Balsamo - lead guitar (2003-present)
Troy McLawhorn - rhythm guitar (2007, 2011-present)
Tim McCord - bass (2006-present)
Will Hunt - drums (2007, 2010-present)
