 http://img62.imageshack.us/img62/5059/0415468337.jpg







Why Do I Need a Teacher When I've got Google?: The Essential Guide to the Big Issues for Every 21st Century Teacher by Ian Gilbert


Routledge 
 Ian Gilbert
2010 
English
ISBN: 0415468337 
240 pages  
PDF 
12 MB



‘The future of the world is in your hands’
I know that might seem a bit steep considering you’ve got that Year Ten coursework to sort out and the lesson observation on that nervous looking NQT, but that’s the way it is I’m afraid. You chose to be a teacher, you mould young minds on a daily basis and those minds have got to grow up and save the world.’ (Extract from Chapter One)

Why do I need a teacher when I’ve got Google? is just one of the challenging, controversial and thought-provoking questions Ian Gilbert poses in his long-awaited follow up to the classic Essential Motivation in the Classroom.

Questioning the unquestionable, this book will make you re-consider everything you thought you knew about teaching and learning, such as:

Are you simply preparing the next generation of unemployed accountants? What do you do for the ‘sweetcorn kids’ who come out of the education system in pretty much the same state as when they went in? What’s the Real Point of School? Exams – So Whose Bright Idea Was That? Why ‘EQ’ is fast becoming the new ‘IQ’ What will your school policy be on brain-enhancing technologies? Which is the odd one out between a hamster and a caravan?

With his customary combination of hard-hitting truths, practical classroom ideas and irreverent sense of humour, Ian Gilbert takes the reader on a breathless rollercoaster ride through burning issues of the 21st century, considering everything from the threats facing the world and the challenge of the BRIC economies to the link between eugenics and the 11+.

As wide-ranging and exhaustively-researched as it is entertaining and accessible, this book is designed to challenge teachers and inform them - as well as encourage them – as they strive to design a 21st century learning experience that really does bring the best out of all young people. After all, the future of the world may just depend on it.


 



