Panty Pops (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/827266D1_Panty_Pops_dvd.htm 
http://www.sugardvd.com/browse/dvd/details/195320/?refaff=13335

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  Jan 14, 2011 
Category  Fetish, Tease 
Director  Kevin Moore 
Starring  Tori Black, Jenna Haze, Asa Akira, India Summer, Rebeca Linares, Rachel Starr, Lexi Love, Rachel Roxxx, Keeani Lei, Amia Miley, Kevin Moore, Monique Funtes 

Kevin Moore has been associated for years with the biggest names in porn, providing award-winning camerawork to top directors. Buttman Magazine Choice now presents Kevin's own premiere: panty-fetish scenes from his popular Websites, for the ...    Full Descriptionfirst time on DVD. Panty Pops sticks to a sexy POV formula that any panty man will understand — one cameraman, shooting the most delicious girls in porn as they try on a wide variety of full-cut panties and revealing thong underwear. The girls tease to the point of insanity, sometimes helping him jack his dick, granting him a merciful blow job or a forbidden doggie-style fuck, until our director creams all over a pantied ass or cloth-covered crotch. In the first scene, slender star slut Jenna Haze plays his girlfriend, indulging his perversions with a fashion show and a hand job. Next, big-boobed Rachel Roxxx negotiates an advance from her peculiar, panty-crazed boss by sucking his prick, then giving up her titties and pussy for fucking. Giggly pals Tori Black and Lexi Love deal with a nervous peeping tom by giving him everything he wants, including an underwear show and a double blow job. Rachel Starr has a fantastic ass and a nice underwear collection, which she uses to tease up a load of Kevin's jizz for her bare buttocks. Sleek Asian performer Asa Akira sucks his dick and lets him hump the crack of her ass as she models various panties; Kevin spurts his load on her shapely butt. Tight, muscle-toned India Summer gives a sexy undies show, cocksucking session and two-fisted hand job that ends in a cum-splattered panty crotch. Dusky Latina MILF Monique Fuentes teases and taunts Kevin's cock, binding it with panty material and sucking his shaft until he ejaculates on her fine ass. Asian pixie Keeani Lei preens in a series of panties and blows the director before taking his cock in her tight, little twat. Spanish beauty Rebeca Linares strokes Kevin's meat until it soaks her tiny panties in sperm, and Latina cutie Amia Miley gets her pussy filled with cock in between showcasing various underwear fashions. Ten scenes, 11 cuties once you panty-pop, you can't stop!  
