[img]http://img24.imageshack.us/img24/7117/familyguyseason4.jpg[/img]


Plot:

De animatieserie over een gestoorde familie met een vader die het wel probeert maar er niet in slaagt om enige stuctuur en regelmaat in zijn eigen leven en dat van zijn familie te scheppen. Niets is te gek. Er gebeurt altijd van alles in de familie van vader Peter Griffin. Maar het is voornamelijk chaos en wanorde die heersen. De jongste van de drie kinderen in de familie, Stewie, is een duivels mannetje die een moordaanslag niet uit de weg gaat als ie zijn zin niet krijgt. De hond Brian mengt zich in de conversaties want hij kan praten, rookt sigaretjes en drinkt een martini op zijn tijd. En moeder is de enige stabiele factor in het gezin en daarom vaak het middelpunt van spot en grappen. Eigenlijk heeft Family Guy geen vaste verhaallijn behalve dat er altijd bizarre en enorm lachwekkende situaties zijn. Die doorgaans beginnen met een mooi plan van vader Peter wat bijna altijd desastreus uitpakt voor hem en zijn familie. Family Guy is inmiddels een klassieke comedy serie die elke keer weer verrast met bizarre wendingen en de meest originele grappen.


Seizoen 4:



Seizoen 4 Aflevering 1: North by North Quahog
Peter and Lois try for a second honeymoon in Mel Gibson's hotel room.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 2: Fast Times at Buddy Cianci Jr. High
Chris gets seduced by a homicidal teacher.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 3: Blind Ambition
Peter's desire to become famous for something causes him to go blind.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 4: Don't Make Me Over
After a makeover, Meg becomes an insufferable starlet.



Seizoen 4 Aflevering 5: The Cleveland-Loretta Quagmire
Cleveland's wife Loretta has an affair with Quagmire.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 6: Petarded
After winning at the children's edition of trivial pursuit, Peter thinks he's a genius until testing proves that he's actually mentally retarded.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 7: Brian the Bachelor
Brian appears on a dating show, while Chris takes advice from his pimple.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 8: 8 Simple Rules for Buying My Teenage Daughter
Peter resorts to selling Meg in order to pay off his pharmacy tab.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 9: Breaking Out Is Hard to Do
Lois goes to jail after a shoplifting crime spree.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 10: Model Misbehavior
Lois becomes a model, but goes overboard with the glamor life.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 11: Peter's Got Woods
Brian tries to rename James Woods High School, but Peter pulls out a surprise weapon.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 12: The Perfect Castaway
Peter gets rescued after being lost at sea for months, but comes home to find things have changed.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 13: Jungle Love
To avoid Freshman hazing, Chris runs away to South America to join the Peace Corp. When Peter and the family come to get him, Peter learns that he's the richest man in the tribe and goes about exploiting the tribe.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 14: PTV
After an incident at the Emmys the FCC overreacts and begins to censor anything and everything that may be viewed as unpleasant. So Peter gets the idea to start his own cable network dedicated to all of the "smut" television once offered. Lois, naturally being uncomfortable with this contacts the FCC who then shuts Peter down. Feeling that shutting him down is not enough the FCC then decides to begin censoring life.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 15: Brian Goes Back to College
Brian re-enrolls at Brown while Peter and the guys become the new A-Team.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 16: The Courtship of Stewie's Father
Peter tries to bond with Stewie in a number of different ways.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 17: Fat Guy Strangler
Lois discovers a long-lost brother, but her new relative has a deadly secret.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 18: The Father, the Son and the Holy Fonz
During one of his visits Peter's father, Francis, discovers that Stewie has never been baptized, so without Lois' permission Peter and Francis go to church and have him baptized. Upon discovering this, Lois convinces Peter that Stewie should have been able to worship whomever he wanted regardless of his father's religion. Naturally Peter interprets Lois' wisdom the wrong way so decides to start his own religious group that praises the television character, Arthur "Fonzie" Fonzarelli.



Seizoen 4 Aflevering 19: Brian Sings & Swings
Brian and Stewie go on tour singing classic tunes with Frank Sinatra, Jr.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 20: Patriot Games
After quarterback Tom Brady witnesses Peter pummeling several people in order to get to the bathroom, he recruits him to play for the New England Patriots.



Seizoen 4 Aflevering 21: I Take Thee, Quagmire
Quagmire falls in love with and marries the Maid that Peter won on a game show only to find out that she's a psycho and must figure out a way to get out of it.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 22: Sibling Rivalry
Peter is set to have a vasectomy against his will, but has an accident at the sperm bank, which causes Stewie's rival sibling to be born. Meanwhile, Lois gains weight after an angry Peter refuses to have sex with her anymore.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 23: Deep Throats
While Meg interns for Mayor West, Brian uncovers a scandal; Peter and Lois decide to reunite their old groovy band


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 24: Peterotica
Peter becomes a best-selling erotica book author. But a lawsuit puts his investor--Lois's father--in the poorhouse and forces him to move in with the Griffins.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 25: You May Now Kiss the... Uh... Guy Who Receives
Brian's gay cousin Jasper comes to town for a visit to see Brian. Jasper brings with him a man he wants to marry, but Mayor West is trying to ban gay marriage to distract everyone from a financial scandal.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 26: Petergeist
When Joe buys a new home theater system, Peter gets jealous and decides to build a multiplex movie theater in his back yard. But while doing so, he finds a human skull. It begins haunting the Griffin house, and Stewie gets sucked through a portal into the realm of the dead.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 27: Untitled Griffin Family History
When burglars break into the house, the Griffins take cover in the attic where they discover Peter has built a 'panic room'. They go in it, and Peter tells them about his history. They send Meg for food but the burglars catch her. The rest of the Griffins stay behind and Peter accidentally floods the room and they're going to drown. Luckily Joe gets them out and we find out Meg has been accused of sexual harassment by the burglars.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 28: Stewie B. Goode
A near-death experience inspires Stewie to change his life.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 29: Bango Was His Name, Oh!
Stewie searches a man he saw on TV whom he believes is his real father.


	
Seizoen 4 Aflevering 30: Stu & Stewie's Excellent Adventure
Stewie meets his future self, who lives a pathetic life.


Aflevering 28, 29 en 30 is samen 'Stewie Griffin the Untold Story'



Meer zien? Kijk dan op - http://hetmultimediacafe.nl/index.php

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs