Official Web Site:  http://www.circusponies.com/notebook/stay-organized

Circus Ponies NoteBook is an ideal solution for users who are sick and tired of spending their time trying to stay organized.

From simple tasks to massive projects, Circus Ponies NoteBook handles it all, so you can stop spending hours doing what should take just minutes.

Here are four ways NoteBook will save you time every day:

Keep Everything Organized in One Place:

With NoteBook, you create electronic notebooks to hold your information, perhaps one per class, task, or project. A notebook is a familiar and natural way to keep things organized, and saves time just like a paper notebook saves time over notes and documents piled on your desk or stuffed in a drawer.

Clip Things You Find and Deal With Them Later:

Whether research on the web or to-dos in e-mail, just select and clip it to a page in your Notebooks. Clipping happens in the background so you aren't thrown into another app and forced to spend time regaining your train of thought. And when doing web research NoteBook saves the page's URL with each clipping, so you don't waste time later trying to get back to that page.

No More Struggling to Organize Projects in the Finder:

The Finder was designed to work with documents, so it's difficult to add a simple note to a project folder. And if you've ever tried to organize documents in the Finder you've probably resorted to elaborate naming schemes to force them to appear in a particular order. Even after all of this effort, it's still just a long list of stuff.
With NoteBook, pages can contain not only text, but also attachments, so you can keep your project's documents right with your notes, stored directly within the Notebook. Double-click an attachment to open and edit it in the app that created it.

Find Anything Instantly, not Eventually:

NoteBook's patented Multidex helps you quickly find things based on what little you remember about them. So if you're looking for a note that mentions someone's name you might see it on the Capitalized Words page. Or if you remember you entered it last Thursday the Creation Dates page shows you everything you added to your Notebook last Thursday. And so on. No more time wasted sifting through hundreds of results from a simple text search.
The minutes NoteBook saves you each day add up to extra hours each week.

Additionally, users can...

Take notes using a full-featured outliner, multi-font text, even attachments. Build diagrams from shapes and lines. Create sketches with your fingers.

Never miss a detail from a meeting or lecture with voice-annotated notes. NoteBook records the person speaking as you type your notes, and can start playback from any note you typed. Review the recording at a later date and fill in anything you missed, or listen to it again on your iPod or iPhone.

"Clip" selections into your Notebooks without leaving the application you're working in. Great for web research.

Annotate class notes and other PDFs. Insert PDFs as separate pages in your Notebook, then apply shapes, sketches and text notes to mark-up them up. A great way to take notes in class!

Keep notes organized your way, not as lists of notes. NoteBook's natural "notebook" interface keeps your notes organized using pages, sections and subsections, just as you would with a paper notebook.

Find anything instantly. NoteBook’s patented Multidex helps you locate your notes by what little you remember about them: a name, a number, the date you entered them. Find any note with just a few taps.

Share your Notebooks as PDFs, or as websites published on the web or via your .Mac account.

Access your Notebooks on the go, or on your desk. Work with your Notebooks on your Mac, then pick up where you left off on your iPad using the iPad version of NoteBook.

What's New

* Changed the What's New In NoteBook menu item to refer to
  NoteBook 3 rather than NoteBook 3.0.

* When you drag a sticky from the toolbar it begins editing once you
  release it.

* Fixed a bug with rendering sketches on the Mac.

* When entering due dates you can again type "t" (or the first letter of the
  word "today" in your language) to get today's date.

* Fixed a problem where the outline's right margin was too small when
  the scrollbar was not visible on Lion.

* Fixed a problem where when choosing to open a voice annotation file
  in iTunes, iTunes would open but the audio file would not transfer.

* The Remove Custom Formatting command now also removes any
  RTF highlighting present in the text.

* Fixed a bug where it was not possible to add shapes to sticky notes, or
  move them around on a sticky note.

System Requirements:

PPC / Intel
Mac OS X 10.5.8 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---