three shows....

Serial Killers
--------------
Date: 02-28-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: Tom Philbin, Richard Rives


Author and long-time expert in crime and serial killers, Tom Philbin (book link), discussed what goes through the dark minds of people who kill, and kill again, and he revealed the common denominators they share in spite of diverse backgrounds. When serial killers are children they typically show a constellation of behaviors-- setting fires, abusing small animals, and wetting the bed after age 12, he detailed. Many who grow up to be serial murderers were victims of abuse themselves, particularly by a cruel mother, who devalued their existence, he continued.

They deal with the terror of their childhoods by pushing it into their subconscious, but the feelings and anger remain, and as they grow up they seek control and power over others, and begin killing by age 20, Philbin further explained. He noted that a number of Ted Bundy's victims were brunettes with the same parted hairstyle as his mother. The FBI estimates there about 70 serial killers in the United States, but they are hard to detect. Even though they are sociopaths, they don't have a particular look or outward behavior that makes them suspect.

A number of serial killers eventually seem to want to be caught, he suggested, as they draw attention to themselves or leave evidence in easy to find places-- such as John Wayne Gacy burying victims in his backyard, and Dennis Rader contacting law enforcement via the computer. Philbin offered analysis of a variety of killers, including Bundy, Ed Gein, Charles Manson, Richard Speck, Henry Lee Lucas, Michael Swango, and Albert Fish.

Noah's Ark Search:
First hour guest, researcher Richard Rives shared updates on the search for Noah's Ark. He commented on the disappearance of Donald Mackenzie who vanished while searching for the Ark in Turkey back in September, and recounted Ron Wyatt's travels to study a "boat-shaped object" on Mount Ararat.

News segment guest: Steve Shenk


Website:
wyattmuseum.com

Books:
I, Monster: Serial Killers in Their Own Chilling Words
The Killer Book of Serial Killers





Geopolitical Disclosures
------------------------
Date: 03-01-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: Webster Tarpley, Chris McCann


Activist historian Webster Tarpley discussed efforts to destabilize the Mediterranean/Arab world, as well as how we can pull out of the current depression, and why Wikileaks is a well orchestrated "striptease" by the CIA to reveal selected information. The overthrow of governments in Tunisia and Egypt, as well as other unrest in the Middle East is part of a "post-modern coup,"-- destabilization techniques used by the US and the UK to further their agendas without direct military aggression, he argued. By breaking countries such as Libya, Sudan, and Yemen into smaller squabbling states, they become easier to control, he explained.

With Tunisian refugees possibly going to Italy, "the CIA would say, 'well if we can submerge Southern Europe beneath a wave of two million refugees, good-- that makes the euro weaker, and makes the dollar more attractive-- we're saving our... imperialist system','' Tarpley continued. He further commented that the idea that there is an Arab youth movement demanding democracy is a fairy tale.

WikiLeaks, he suggested, pretends to attack the US, but in reality, it's other countries that get slammed and look bad. He characterized WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange as having an "MK Ultra pedigree" having grown up in Australia with the Hamilton-Byrne cult. Tarpley also talked about the breakdown of the world economic structure. To correct the system, he said huge "zombie banks" and derivatives have to be wiped out, and Wall St. transactions should be subject to sales taxes.

Judgment Day:
First hour guest, Chris McCann of Family Radio talked about the prediction made by Christian preacher Harold Camping that Judgment Day will be on May 21, 2011. According to McCann, this end date is based on a genealogical timeline that Camping derived from the Bible. On May 21 of this year, select people will be taken up in the Rapture, while others are doomed by a huge earthquake, and other calamities, he suggested. In an effort to get their message out, Camping's organization has rented out billboard space across the US announcing the end date.

News segment guest: Steve Kates "Dr. Sky"

Websites:
tarpley.net
familyradio.com

Books:
Surviving the Cataclysm
9/11 Synthetic Terror: Made in USA
George Bush: The Unauthorized Biography






Electronic Harassment & Paranormal Techniques
---------------------------------------------
Date: 03-02-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: Dr. John Hall, Joshua P. Warren


In the first half of the show, Dr. John Hall talked about his work with victims of electronic harassment, stalking, and mind control and how this CIA/NSA technology is being used to track and intimidate people. Typical cases involve intentional stalking and break-ins to a home, combined with use of electromagnetic technologies that can cause a victim to hear voices in their head or surroundings, he reported. Additionally, female victims are often drugged and sexually assaulted, he added.

Hall has concluded that some type of shadow government is behind the attacks, which are mainly being perpetrated as an experiment on random subjects to test how the population can be controlled in various ways. He recently attended the Bioethics Commission, and presented evidence that electromagnetic weapons experimentation was taking place non-consensually. Hall argued to the Commission that stronger legislation needs to be imposed to protect people from unethical experimentation. 

------------ 

In the latter half, author and investigator Joshua P. Warren discussed his new book, Poor Man's Paranormal, a manual on how to use household items to document such phenomena as ghosts and UFOs. A person doesn't neccesarily need expensive or high-tech electronic gear to adequately investigate the unknown, he noted. Paranormal activity seems to have some type of electromagnetic connection, and some of his techniques take this into account such as using a balloon to detect unusual electrostatic fields.

One could use a phone to record EVPs instead of a tape recorder, Warren suggested. Simply call your voice mail and "talk out loud to whatever you think might be there-- hold that phone up, and then later listen to the voice mail message and see if something comes through." Among the other techniques he shared, were using an AM radio to detect UFO interference, and making footprint casts with kitchen ingredients.


Websites:
satweapons.com
joshuapwarren.com

Books:
A New Breed Satellite Terrorism
Poor Man's Paranormal







