The story of  TWA and the DC-1 has been told many times, and has taken on almost legendary status.  However, it's a fascinating story of corporate blunders and shining success. 

After Knute Rockney was killed by the crash of a TWA Fokker airliner (caused by the failure of a wooden wing spar), the US then ruled that all airliners should have metal wings.  Thus, TWA needed new all-metal planes.  United Air Lines, part of the United Aircraft conglomerate (it also included Boeing, Pratt & Whitney, and Hamilton-Standard!), was flying the new Boeing 247, which was a giant step forward compared to the Ford and Fokker Trimotors of TWA.  When TWA asked Boeing for an order of the planes, they responded that they were required to finish the entire United order first, which could take years.   

TWA then decided to issue a specification for a new tri-motor airliner, with very stringent requirements.  These included the demand that the aircraft should be able to take off at full load from any TWA-used airport with one engine out.  In 1932 TWA invited five companies to submit designs, and Douglas submitted instead a design for a very modern twin-engined plane, more advanced than Boeing's 247.  Douglas' plane looked very radical, and TWA decided it needed to cover its bets.  Thus, General Aviation , the name for Fokker Aircraft (US) after takeover by General Motors, submitted a bid for a traditional trimotor, and was eventually accepted along with the Douglas bid.  This plane was actually constructed, although by the time it was nearing completion, the DC-1 was proving itself, and the GA plane was scrapped before it ever flew. 

It wasn't clear that the new DC-1 would meet all of the stiff TWA requirements, but the development of the variable speed propeller and more powerful engines just when the DC-1 needed them allowed it to prove itself clearly superior to any airliner yet flying.  However, the test program wasn't without problems.  On the very first flight, the DC-1 lost power in both engines shortly after leaving the ground, and dropped sharply (luckily the ground dropped away at the end of the Santa Monica runway).  Seconds before the plane hit the ground, the engines sputtered to life and it began to climb.  The same thing then happened again, and then several times again.  An emergency landing was made on a golf course fairway, and the plane was safe, due only to the skill of the pilots.  Upon inspection, nothing wrong could be found, and three more hazardous flights were made with the plane rollercoastering around the sky.  Climb, and the engines cut out.  Dip the nose; the engines came back to life!  It was eventually discovered that the carburetors could be installed reversed 180 degrees, and that they were apparently installed backwards at the Wright factory.  When they were finally reversed, the engines performed normally.  This lead to the concept that parts should be designed such that they fit in only one orientation.  Other problems were also encountered, including landing gear collapses. The DC-1, however, passed all of TWA's tests, and it apparently operated a few scheduled services with TWA.  It went to Spain with LAPE in 1938, then passed to SATA, and was damaged beyond repair in 1940. 

The production model was the DC-2, which was slightly larger, with seats for 14 passengers.  They were powered with 710 hp Wright Cyclones, and first flew in May 1934.  About 200 DC-2's were produced, with American, Eastern and TWA being the main operators.  Pan American, KLM, and Swissair also operated the DC-2, among others.  It was also used in military service, mainly as the C-33 and R2D.  The DC-2 remained in service for many years after WWII, usually with smaller airlines or in freight service. 

FS2004/FSX DC-2 is released! 

Press release.

The "UIVER" team is proud to anounce the release of the Douglas DC2 for FS2004 and FSX.
After many years of hard work and thorough research, it's finally ready. 

 
http://home.hccnet.nl/r.cappers/dc2/


CAUTION: This a hard to mmanipulate plane; read the manuals carefully, otherwise your flight will end badly after the first 4-5 minutes maximum.

Livery pacage included ( About 40 Liveries)