RPG Grinsia v1.1.0 Cracked 
Requirements: Android 2.1+
Overview: 'Grinsia' is a fantasy RPG, with a quest involving twin Goddesses, and six pieces of treasure. The main characters are a family of treasure hunters, and they are joined by a wide range of other characters.



■ The Game
Grins is a fantasy role-playing game, in search of treasures associated with 6 twin goddesses. The main characters are a family of treasure hunters, but many other people are ready to enrich the game.

■ A wide range of allies, and multiple ways to enjoy the adventure
In grins, you can choose your allies among many other characters.
When the number of people reach a certain point, you can select the companions you bring with you in the taverns of the city or village.
Each person reacts differently to the events, so changing the party members you can play the game as many times as you like, enjoying the many conversations between the characters.
In the main story, you will also find people who do not want to form an alliance.
Travel the world and search for allies!

■ Night and Day
Over time, the game changes between night and day. Aspects of the city and the open land, the way the game progresses can have a decisive change.

■ Supports a high-quality graphics
The beautiful graphics Grins also supports high-definition screens.
※ You can select the quality of the screen from the 'Options menu. Selecting the lowest quality, you can make the game faster.

■ Control Selectable
You can choose between two types of control of the game, to make the game more comfortable. Menu options are the touch controls, and the virtual cursor control pad.

■ The System "Treasury accessory"
You will get the treasures in the game as they possess a special power that can be used in combat. Using a piece of treasure as an accessory, you can activate the perk.

■ Supports OpenFeint
The game supports OpenFeint, with an extensive list of objectives to be achieved.

[Compatibility]
- Android OS 1.6, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 3.0, 3.1, 3.2, 4.0
- Devices with screen HVGA, WVGA, DVGA, WSVGA and WXGA

Released by chathu_ac