Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Dear Diary, My Teen Angst Has a Bodycount is the debut full-length album by American emo band From First to Last. The album was released on June 29, 2004. The title for the album is based on a line in the movie Heathers.

The CD has a hidden track which features guest rap vocals from Major League Player. From First to Last was part of the Vans Warped Tour in 2004 to promote the album. The album was later remixed and remastered by Beau Burchell from the post-hardcore band Saosin, although there is no indication on the CD's packaging. This is likely because there was an on-going feud between From First to Last and Saosin. Differences featured in the remastered version include a heavier drum sound and increased bass, an extra guitar in the beginning of "The One Armed Boxer vs The Flying Guillotine" and "Secrets Don't Make Friends", slightly changed vocals in "Note to Self", a shortened version of "Ride the Wings of Pestilence", and several other changes.

From First to Last is an American post-hardcore band based out of Los Angeles, California, originally hailing from Valdosta, Georgia and Tampa, Florida. The band released their first EP titled Aesthetic in 2003 with vocalist Phillip Reardon, followed by Dear Diary, My Teen Angst Has a Body Count in 2004 and Heroine in 2006, both with vocalist Sonny Moore. Following the departure of Moore in February 2007 to work on his solo electronic project, the band added permanent bassist Matt Manning, and Matt Good moved to lead vocals/guitar. They released a self-titled album in 2008 on Suretone Records. On August 27, 2009, From First to Last confirmed on DJ Rossstar's Punk Rock Show that they have indeed left Suretone and are now signed to Rise Records. In late 2009, they parted ways with long time guitarist/vocalist Travis Richter. Their fourth studio album, Throne to the Wolves was released on March 16, 2010.

In November 1999, From First to Last was formed by Matt Good, Steve Pullman, Mike Blanchard, and Scott Oord under the name First to Last. Eventually a solid lineup was formed, featuring lead vocalist Phillip Reardon, guitarist/vocals Matt Good, guitarist/vocals Travis Richter, bassist Joey Antillion and drummer Greg Taylor (then replaced by Derek Bloom). In 2003, the band released their debut EP Aesthetic on Four Leaf Recordings which featured the vocals of Good, Reardon and Richter. By the end of the year they had signed to Epitaph Records.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/