

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 54 -  The Perfect Gift





POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 54 - The Perfect Gift


POtHS Comments on This one:

.........None Available




Review:

This is a wonderful Christmas film that will encourage people to look at the real definition of Christmas and the reason we celebrate this time of the year. Like so many other Jefferson Moore movies, this one is truly enjoyable for the entire family. Max is a young girl who just happens to have a birthday on the same day that Jesus was born, but she does not like it. She also is not happy that her school assignment is to write about Christmas. As Jes helps Max with her essay, he also helps the community, her mother and the assistant minister see how important God's perfect gift to us was, the gift of love. It also takes a look at what is happening in the world today at this very special holiday season. That Christmas is a time for kindness and love, not gifts and shopping. And that people need to stand up for what they believe in and not let others that do not believe bully us in hiding the real reason we celebrate Christmas. We are proud to award The Perfect Gift the Dove Family-Approved Seal for all ages. --Donna Rolfe, The Dove Foundation
Product Description

Description:

From the producers of 'The Perfect Stranger' and 'Clancy' comes a Christmas movie for the ages. 'THE PERFECT GIFT' is a heartwarming holiday tale of a spoiled schoolgirl (Christina Fougnie, 'Clancy'), her overworked executive mother, and a disillusioned young minister (Matt Wallace, 'Forrest Gump'), and how each learns a valuable lesson about Christmas from a friendly, but mysterious drifter named Jess (Jefferson Moore, 'The Perfect Stranger').



 Solved - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    



 

 

Also Available:




   
g[/img]