 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 2 - Bible Study - Part 12 - Carter Conlon  The Last Gospel - Message To An UnGodly World


POtHS 2 - Bible Study - Part 12 - Carter Conlon  The Last Gospel - Message To An UnGodly World


Carter Conlon:

Pastor Carter Conlon is the Senior Pastor of Times Square Church. He joined the pastoral staff in 1994 at the invitation of our founding pastor, David Wilkerson, and was appointed to the office of senior pastor in 2001.
Following a successful career in law enforcement, Pastor Carter pastored a church and directed a Christian school east of Ottawa, Canada. During his early years of ministry in Canada, he also owned and operated a sheep farm.

Pastor Carter's shepherd's heart is evident in the tender and compassionate way he leads the large congregation at Times Square Church. He is loved and well respected for his strong leadership and fiery passion for God. He is married to Teresa Conlon and they have three children.  Pastor Carter has a bachelor’s degree in law and sociology.

There is a spiritual wall that separates those who are truly serving God and those who are bringing carnality into His church. If God is going to be honored in this generation we must begin to rebuild the testimony of Christ in our lives. You may ask yourself how does this happen? How do I begin to rebuild this wall? The first thing we do is apply the truth of God's Word to every area of our life where we are not in agreement with Him. Secondly, we must remove the rubble in our homes that has blocked the door to the prayer closet. Lastly, call our children by example into the work of God. Suddenly there will be a people arise and begin to build according the ways of God and they will do it all for His honor!

Beware of the Angry Watchmen by Carter Conlon.avi
I Know What Your Calling Is - by Carter Conlon.avi
Jesus  Love People Through Me by Carter Conlon.avi
Loving Your Neighbor as Yourself by Carter Conlon.avi
The Candlestick by Carter Conlon.avi
The Carpenters Are Here by Carter Conlon.avi
The Last Gospel Message To An Ungodly World by Carter Conlon.avi



Description:

Secrets of the Ages by John Triplett with Amazing Discovries:
John Triplett was once an aspiring hip-hop artist and devout atheist, John surrendered his life to Jesus Christ in 1997 through the study of the intricacies of secret societies. Since becoming a Christian, he has taught internationally the same Bible truths that changed his life. Because of his background, his passion is to expose current end-time deceptions, and to lead others into a saving relationship with Jesus Christ.

This series focuses on hidden secrets and agendas found within various religious beliefs and the deceptions of those religions as they pertain to Christianity, the Church and the Holy Bible.  These 9 sessions provide insight into the origins of devil worship, how it has transformed under the mask of certain Christian Churches, various Biblical topics and astonishing insights into God's marvels and expectations for his people, and Biblical Prophecies relating to these modern times. A must see for all.

 Jesus Appears - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.[/size]


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    





 
      