Elder Sign: Omens v1.0.4
Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: The tense excitement of Elder Sign is now available for Android! Elder Sign: Omens places you in control of up to four intrepid investigators, as they fight to keep the all-powerful Azathoth from invading our world through a museum’s arcane exhibits!


*Build a team of unique investigators*
*Explore an ever-changing museum*
*Face challenging arcane tasks*
*Save the world from absolute destruction*

Can you stand against the impending arrival of Azathoth?
While Elder Sign: Omens brilliantly conveys the spirit of the Elder Sign dice game, a few noteworthy differences were adopted to optimize the mobile play experience:
Arguably the most powerful Ancient One in Lovecraft’s Mythos, Azathoth’s awesome power is indisputable. This infinitely destructive deity is therefore the focal point of Elder Sign: Omens, and the only available Ancient One.
A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of “no effect” results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult.
Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge.
*Please note that Elder Sign: Omens requires an additional download after starting the app for the first time. Additional assets must be downloaded and installed via a WiFi connection. Approximately 150 MB of space is needed. Some devices may not be supported.



What\'s New

What\'s in this version:

Fixed a serious memory increase that occurred in the last update. The memory system for loading the resource textures has been rewritten and should be more optimized than before.
Changed music to be stored in memory instead of streamed from disk.
Changed videos to .3gp instead of .mp4 to hopefully improve the compatibility with playback on more devices.
Thank you for your support and patience.

