Product Description
Modern Control Systems, 12e, is ideal for an introductory undergraduate course in control systems for engineering students.

Written to be equally useful for all engineering disciplines, this text is organized around the concept of control systems theory as it has been developed in the frequency and time domains. It provides coverage of classical control, employing root locus design, frequency and response design using Bode and Nyquist plots. It also covers modern control methods based on state variable models including pole placement design techniques with full-state feedback controllers and full-state observers. Many examples throughout give students ample opportunity to apply the theory to the design and analysis of control systems. Incorporates computer-aided design and analysis using MATLAB and LabVIEW MathScript.
About the Author

Richard C. Dorf is a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of California, Davis. Known as an instructor who is highly concerned with the discipline of electrical engineering and its application to social and economic needs, Professor Dorf has written and edited several successful engineering textbooks and handbooks, including the best selling Engineering Handbook, second edition and the third edition of the Electrical Engineering Handbook. Professor Dorf is also co author of Technology Ventures, a leading textbook on technology entrepreneurship. Professor Dorf is a Fellow of the IEEE and a Fellow of the ASEE. He is active in the fields of control system design and robotics. Dr. Dorf holds a patent for the PIDA controller.


Robert H. Bishop is the OPUS Dean of Engineering at Marquette University and is a Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Prior to coming to Marquette University, he was a Professor of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics at The University of Texas at Austin for 20 years where he held the Joe J. King Professorship and was a Distinguished Teaching Professor. Professor Bishop started his engineering career as a member of the technical staff at the MIT Charles Stark Draper Laboratory. He authors the well-known textbook for teaching graphical programming entitled Learning with LabVIEW and is also the editor-in-chief of the Mechatronics Handbook. A talented educator, Professor Bishop has been recognized with numerous teaching awards including the coveted Lockheed Martin Tactical Aircraft Systems Award for Excellence in Engineering Teaching. He also received the John Leland Atwood Award by the American Society of Engineering Educators (ASEE) and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) that is given periodically to “a leader who has made lasting and significant contributions to aerospace engineering education.” He is a Fellow of the AIAA, a Fellow of the American Astronautical Society (AAS), and active in ASEE and in the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).

Product Details
Hardcover: 1104 pages
Publisher: Prentice Hall; 12 edition (July 29, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0136024580
ISBN-13: 978-0136024583