Book Description
The Basics of Hacking and Penetration Testing serves as an introduction to the steps required to complete a penetration test or perform an ethical hack from beginning to end. No prior hacking experience is needed. You learn how to properly utilize and interpret the results of modern day hacking tools, which are required to complete a penetration test. Tool coverage includes Backtrack Linux, Google reconnaissance, MetaGooFil, dig, Nmap, Nessus, Metasploit, Fast Track Autopwn, Netcat, Hacker Defender rootkit, and more. A simple and clean explanation of how to effectively utilize these tools as well as the introduction to a four-step methodology for conducting a penetration test or hack, will provide you with know-how required to jump start your career or gain a better understanding of offensive security. The book serves as an introduction to penetration testing and hacking and will provide you with a solid foundation of knowledge. After completing the book readers will be prepared to take on in-depth and advanced topics in hacking and penetration testing. The book walks through each of the steps and tools in a structured, orderly manner allowing readers to understand how the output from each tool can be fully utilized in the subsequent phases of the penetration test. This process allows readers to clearly see how the tools and phases relate.

Each chapter contains hands-on examples and exercises that are designed to teach you how to interpret the results and utilize those results in later phases
Written by an author who works in the field as a Penetration Tester and who teaches Offensive Security, Penetration Testing, and Ethical Hacking, and Exploitation classes at Dakota State University
Utilizes the Backtrack Linux distribution and focuses on the seminal tools required to complete a penetration test
Review
“Have you heard of penetration testing but have no idea what it entails?  This is the perfect book to get you started,  easy to read, does not assume prior knowledge, and is up-to-date.  I strongly recommend Pat’s latest work.” -Jared DeMott, Principle Security Researcher, Crucial Security, Inc.

Book Details
Paperback: 180 pages
Publisher: Syngress (August 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1597496553
ISBN-13: 978-1597496551