Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Finally" is a 1991 song by the musician CeCe Peniston. A dance mix of this song was made, and this remixed version was used in many dance music compilations. "Finally" became Peniston's first (and biggest) hit song, peaking at number five on the US Hot 100 in January 1992 and becoming her only U.S. top-ten hit to date. Prior to that, it was also successful on the US Dance chart, where it spent two weeks at number one in late 1991. In addition, the song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart in a remixed version.

In 2010, pop musician Lady Gaga used excerpts of "Finally" with her song "Dance in the Dark" during The Monster Ball Tour to open the show.

In 1997, "Finally" was remixed by Eric Kupper to enhance the overseas issue of singer's 92's album Finally, which was re-released along with her greatest collection The Best Of CeCe Peniston, only in Europe and the Japan.

The new remixed version of the song entitled "Classic Funk Mix" (aka "Finally '97) successfully re-entered the British charts, peaking on September 13 at number twenty six in UK Singles Chart, and brought Peniston record of having three chart entries with the one and the same title (in March 92, in September 97).

CeCe Peniston (born Cecilia Veronica Peniston; September 6, 1969 in Dayton, Ohio, USA) is an African American recording artist and former beauty queen. At the beginning of the nineties, she was considered to be one of the most successful dance club artists in the history of the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play, scoring five major number one hits in the chart within three years. Her signature song “Finally” became one of the biggest dance singles, selling 3 million copies worldwide.

Among those who personally requested Peniston at private engagements are Aretha Franklin at her private birthday party in Detroit, Michigan, the Pope John Paul II in Rome at the Vatican (as a member of the gospel band Sisters of Glory) and a former, the 42th President of the United States, Bill Clinton, during both of his inauguration ceremonies in Washington, D.C. After the abolition of apartheid, Peniston became the first female entertainer ever to visit and perform in South Africa (before incorrectly denoted Whitney Houston), and she was crowned Miss Black Arizona in 1989 and Miss Galaxy in 1990.

Apart from being a Soul Train Music Award-nominee in 1993, Peniston won two Billboard Music Awards, three ASCAP Awards, three Annual Winter Music Conference Awards, and one BMI Urban Award of Achievement (all for her debut album Finally released in 1992).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/