Jeanette Lindström is the jazz singer that prompted legendary producer Quincy Jones to voice the portentous words, An old soul in young singer's body. And also She really understands what jazz is all about!

The year was 1995 and Jeanette Lindström made her major breakthrough - on a broad front. She is first and foremost a jazz singer, but at the same time has never been opposed to stepping outside of the borders of jazz.

The calendar tells us it's now a different year, and Jeanette Lindström is no longer the promising newcomer but one of the most established jazz singers in Sweden. Her CD Walk shows that she not adverse to moving on and exploring new territories.

As always, Jeanette Lindström sings with a voice that relies on a tigress' strength, a young woman's longing and a mature woman's sincerity. In other words: a voice with a lightness, an airiness and a touch of earthiness to it.

Together with her musicians, she has created a multi-layered atmosphere on Walk in which the delicate and the forceful are blended together just below the boiling point. The tones of a piano, vibraphone and electric guitar alternate and linger throughout all the songs; behind them, the base and drums pulsate with a light touch that leaves room for airiness without losing the driving force. And every now and then a trumpet stands out.

The songs are a journey between different emotions and expressions, yet they are linked together like different entranceways to the same underlying atmosphere. The texts that accompany the melodies capture the ups and downs of life with a few well-chosen words.

She begins with the morning-dreamlike This Time, followed by the irresistible, captivating title song, Walk, songs light as a feather and heavy as lead shift to Trains & Boats & Planes and move with unhesitating promptness on to What remains. In That Sorry School, she combines an echo of Joni Mitchell's sophisticated elegance with a shimmering voyage through space, while in Where is Wolfgang she opens the door to the cabaret theater's mixture of seriousness and humor. It is a variation that her musicians capture time and again. Because Jeanette Lindström doesn't demand all the attention for herself, she leaves room for her musicians in solos that either accentuate or change, but constantly evolve.  (spinningdogrecords.com)


Jeanette Lindström, vocals
Staffan Svensson, trumpet
Peter Nylander, guitar
Daniel Karlsson, piano, keyboards
Severi Pyysalo, vibraphone
Christian Spering, double bass
Peter Danemo, drums, percussion
Ale Möller, lute, hammered dulcimer

Produced by Jeanette Lindström
Recorded at Atlantis by Janne Hansson, Oct. 2002


 1. Intro
 2. This Time
 3. Walk
 4. Reasons
 5. Trains and Boats and Planes
 6. Turning Pages
 7. Interlude 1; Waiting
 8. The Two Lonely People
 9. I Run
10. Turning Pages
11. Where Is Wolfgang
12. What Remains
13. Closer
14. That Sorry School
15. Keeping Things Whole
