Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site: 
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:  
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here: 
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?oyutv29bkk7ym61aw9ribv6mze   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6nsq29xtwmbl8yv55y83s42lkid1 face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0vrhysoahnn0gexd1qegbuxdwn2  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?q34f4lyqpaqorvh9i88ssz06u3l  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?24as7d70y5zn40cs809pggg8eqd  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ztpj2m0hvvnu9a9a2oersn3mme6  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vws1cuios0pm3e41t2k0cia2qhwz vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?w9rr9sxfn5dmm0bnv4g4bt4dctm  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?n1rxv696kr20dba9w8ysxi1i7bp  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: So my name is Rikki and I'm 19 years old. Always loved the name Rikki haha but when I was little wanted my name to be sophia :). So things about me hmmm well I love the colors lime green and lavender purple. I occasionally like the color yellow and pink. I have done quite a few sports such as Gymnastics,Soccer,Field Hockey,Track,Volleyball.. As a teenager I was half tomboy and half girlie girl. As I grew up I blossomed into a beautiful girl.. My first job was at Boston market which was a cool job than came along subway but pay was not enough so I search else where and found a job where I met a girl who told me about a business I would love since I loved doing it 24/7 lol. Time came where I needed a job and I needed something I loved so I started this business where I would masterbate which I love masterbating by the way.. I touch this pussy 6 times a day and she cums like you just won the lottery ticket.. Hahah other things about me are I Iove jogging on the beach and in the city I think I have the most amazing personality in the universe I love to joke around and I love my nipples being bitten on and I am 4"11 and I love being the way I am like they say fun size is amazing to around.. That's a few things about me thanks for listening.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Rikki was in communication with me for a few months -- since she lives in Philadelphia, getting her here was somewhat difficult.  She has an actual 'lesbian' girlfriend, and the girlfriend didn't want her to do adult work.  Rikki sent these photos #1 #2 #3 #4 #5.  She does love taking naked photos of herself, so she sent these photos afterwards #6 #7 #8 #9 #10 #11 #12.  These pics were eventually the trigger to bring her down.  Though she's a first-timer here, over the last few months she's started doing a few other websites as well.   Never masturbated or done anything sexual in front of the camera before, she was quite a bit nervous, but very giggly as well.  I had her masturbate on the bed, but she couldn't get there.  So we moved to the bathroom and still she was always that close.  The first video became an outtake because of it.  However, once I put the camera on a tripod, and left, she was able to have an orgasm, and a very strong one where she squirts!  She rarely squirts so it was a surprise for her as well.    She had brought very little in clothes, and what she did bring wasn't very flattering.  So we went out dress & heels shopping, making a shoot out of it.  Her first time flashing, we got away with a lot, and got some cute clothes as well.   Don't you love seeing those big breasts pop out!  We go kinky, as she penetrates herself with largest thing she's ever tried in her life, that big cucumber.  Gets pretty deep on the ride.  Then the use of the Eroscillator brings her to another strong orgasm, and a really massive squirting session.  Notice the way her toes curl and move about as she's cumming.  She had arrived from Philadelphia the night before, and her being as horny as she is, she wanted to masturbate.  I asked her to please not to, and save herself for the next day.  It really helped in this case, as she exploded orgasmically on camera, and we probably wouldn't have seen such strong orgasms & squirting if she had gotten busy the night before.


Model Comments: N/A

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  One of the cute dresses was the tan one we bought, with sexy matching heels that gave her legs some nice curvature.  She's under 5 feet tall, so in person she's really petite, but curvaceous at the same time.  She is super playful, as you can see, totally opening up to the camera, having fun with it, and smiling/laughing the whole time.  Its very refreshing, and adds to her cuddly charm.   We get extreme closeups of her private parts, and notice how tiny she is down there, as she tries stuffing more than 2 fingers.  Then she's introduced to the vibraking, which is super strong for her -- but in the end it brings her to an incredible squirting orgasm that drenches the entire floor and leaves her completely exhausted.   A little bit of recovery, and she's back to her playful self again!  With another change in looks, she straightens her hair (do you like it naturally wavy, or straight?)  and does a sexy introductory walkthrough with the Lamborghini Aventador.  It then turns kinky, as she has sex with her shoe heel, and notice how tight she is when she moves the heel with just her vagina on the couch.  She's got those supercute petite feet as well, so some foot fetish is next.  As sexual as she is, when I would let her by herself, she would immediately take a vibrator to her clit.  I kept telling her to take a break, but in the case of Clip5, I left her alone while I was transferring some video files, and recorded her masturbating.  She didn't want to stop, so might as well get video of it!  Its funny how girls can be texting and masturbating at the same time...  And for a final climax, she ends up using the eroscillator once again, finding that toy as a happy medium to the best orgasms for her.  It brings her to another supersquirting session, and a funny little goodbye.