Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is a 1996 animated feature film, based on the TV series, Beavis and Butt-Head. It was produced by Paramount Pictures in association with Geffen Pictures and MTV Films, and co-written and directed by creator Mike Judge. The film grossed $20.11 million in its opening weekend, and grossed a total of $63.11 million in North America. This was MTV Films' second film after Joe's Apartment, and last one to be rated PG-13 until Save the Last Dance in 2001.







Dettagli


Directed by Mike Judge
Yvette Kaplan (Animation)
Produced by Abby Terkuhle Michael Blakey Mike Judge (Uncredited)
Written by Mike Judge Joe Stillman
Starring Mike Judge Demi Moore Bruce Willis Robert Stack Cloris Leachman
Music by John Frizzel
Cinematography David J. Miller
Editing by Gunter Glinka Terry Kelley Neil Lawrence
Studio Geffen Pictures MTV Films Judgemental Films
Distributed by Paramount Pictures
Release date(s) December 20, 1996
Running time 81 minutes

Voice cast



Mike Judge - Beavis / Butt-Head / Tom Anderson / Principal McVicker / Mr. Van Driessen
Demi Moore (uncredited in the end credits from the theatrical version; credited in the home video version) - Dallas Grimes
Bruce Willis (uncredited in the end credits from the theatrical version; credited in the home video version) - Muddy Grimes
Robert Stack - ATF Agent Flemming
Cloris Leachman - Old Woman
Greg Kinnear (uncredited) - ATF Agent Bork
Richard Linklater - Tour Bus Driver
Earl Hofert - Mötley Crüe roadie #1
Tony Darling - Mötley Crüe roadie #2
Eric Bogosian - Old Faithful ranger / White House press secretary / Strategic Air Command lieutenant



Soundtrack

Geffen Records

Two Cool Guys - Isaac Hayes - 3:06
Love Rollercoaster - Red Hot Chili Peppers - 4:37
Ain't Nobody - LL Cool J - 4:38
Ratfinks, Suicide Tanks and Cannibal Girls - White Zombie - 3:53
I Wanna Riot - Rancid - 3:59
Walk on Water - Ozzy Osbourne - 4:18
Snakes - No Doubt - 4:34
Pimp'n Ain't EZ - Madd Head - 4:21
The Lord Is a Monkey (Rock Version) - Butthole Surfers - 4:44
White Trash - Southern Culture on the Skids - 2:03
Gone Shootin' - AC/DC - 5:05
Lesbian Seagull - Engelbert Humperdinck - 3:39

[/center]




Plot


After a surreal Godzilla-esque dream, Beavis and Butt-Head wake up to realize that someone has stolen their television. The pair then embark on a quest to replace it. After stealing and destroying a TV from school (resulting in their expulsion) and ruining the TV in Tom Anderson's camper, they visit a low-quality motel that advertises "TVs in every room." There they encounter a drunken Muddy Grimes (Bruce Willis) who is waiting for two hired hit men, the same guys who stole Beavis and Butt-Head's television, to murder his wife, Dallas.

Muddy, thinking that Beavis and Butt-Head are the killers he has contacted, says that they must "do" (murder) his wife. Thinking that by "do", Muddy means "score with", Butt-Head convinces Beavis that both of them can "score". Muddy then hands them a photograph of Dallas with instructions on where to find her. Beavis asks if they can watch TV first, and Muddy subsequently shoots it. He drives them to the airport in his Lincoln Continental Mark V to catch the plane to her hotel room on the Las Vegas Strip. During the plane ride, both Beavis and Butt-Head manage to cause chaos and Beavis consumes massive quantities of caffeine pills given to him by an old woman (Cloris Leachman). He subsequently transforms into Cornholio, and almost causes the plane to crash when be barges into the cockpit and scares the pilots.

After causing a mild stir in a Las Vegas casino, the boys find themselves in their hotel room, which is adjacent to the room of the hunted woman, Dallas Grimes (voiced by Demi Moore). Dallas soon realizes they have no idea what they were actually hired for. While Beavis and Butt-Head begin fighting over who will "do" Dallas first, the police arrive to arrest her. Thinking quickly, she plants a stolen biological weapon known as the "X-5 Unit" in Beavis' pants in order to get rid of it as evidence. She then gets them tickets on a tour bus to Washington, D.C. instructing them that she will be waiting for them in the Capitol of the United States and will let them "do her" there.

The stolen biological weapon attracts the attention of the ATF, headed by Agent Flemming (Robert Stack) who orders a body cavity search on everyone he encounters and in spite of his tough talk, relies on fellow Agent Bork's (an uncredited Greg Kinnear) assistance, virtually all the time. Agent Flemming becomes convinced that the pair are criminal masterminds after they accidentally destroy the Hoover Dam, by effectively cutting the power to Las Vegas. On the tour bus, they visit landmarks including the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Park. After becoming stranded in Petrified Forest National Park, they wander through the desert and meet two drifters (Earl Hofert and Tony Darling) who strongly resemble them. The men, former Motley Crue roadies, tell them that they once hooked up with two "sluts" from the boys' hometown of Highland, Texas, 15 years earlier. They also share similar personalities, as evidenced by Beavis' father's fascination with fire, and Butt-head's father's pulling down his pants and farting in the fire, creating a large fireball. Neither the men nor the boys make the obvious connection of their parentage, and the drifters abandon Beavis and Butt-head before they wake up the next morning. The boys then continue to trek through the desert, and, after munching on a peyote cactus, Beavis goes into a mescaline induced hallucination, featuring music by White Zombie with animation inspired by Rob Zombie.











Analisi Audio Video


General
Complete name : D:\Beavis and Butt-Head Do America 1996 720p ITA ENG.mkv
Format : Matroska
File size : 4.44 GiB
Duration : 1h 17mn
Overall bit rate : 8 207 Kbps
Movie name : Beavis and Butt-Head Do America 1996 720p HDTV x264-DNL
Encoded date : UTC 2011-07-07 15:22:24
Writing application : mkvmerge v4.3.0 ('Escape from the Island') built on Sep 5 2010 10:30:51
Writing library : libebml v1.0.0 + libmatroska v1.0.0

Video
ID : 1
Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 8 frames
Muxing mode : Header stripping
Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
Duration : 1h 17mn
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 7 700 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 25.0 Mbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 720 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Color space : YUV
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0
Bit depth : 8 bits
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.334
Stream size : 4.08 GiB (92%)
Writing library : x264 core 114 r1924 08d04a4

Audio #1
ID : 2
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Mode : Joint stereo
Mode extension : MS Stereo
Muxing mode : Header stripping
Codec ID : A_MPEG/L3
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 1h 17mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 71.0 MiB (2%)
Language : Italian

Audio #2
ID : 3
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Mode extension : CM (complete main)
Muxing mode : Header stripping
Codec ID : A_AC3
Duration : 1h 17mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 384 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Side: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Bit depth : 16 bits
Stream size : 213 MiB (5%)
Language : English