presenting sneak _ shot

release date:20-04-2011

description:

War isn't much fun. That's something that may come as news to the millions that stalk Modern Warfare 2's maps until the early hours of each morning, their eyes bloodshot and their hearts racing at the pure thrill of it all. But it's a fact that was writ large throughout Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising, Codemasters' sim-heavy first-person shooter that launched a mere handful of months before Activision redefined the parameters of success for videogame blockbusters.




 

 Flying so close to what's now become one of the most successful games of all time was both a curse and a blessing; on the one hand Dragon Rising capitalised on the swelling thirst for contemporary battlefield experiences, but on the other it left those looking for thrill-a-minute gunplay a little perplexed at this strange and novel beast, a console-based shooter that didn't shy away from the cold brutality of real-life conflict. 




 "Generally, the impression I get is that 90% of people that played the game loved it," says the energetic Sion Lenton, creative director on Codemasters' Operation Flashpoint games. "They thought it was something different but felt that it was really hard, that it was slightly obscure and difficult. 10% of people didn't think it was hard enough. Out of every million sales, the people that I want to get the game right for is that 90%." 





Target renders, obviously, but already Red River's looking much more attractive than its predecessor.




 It's something that's evident as we're given a tour of sequel Operation: Red River – and whereas last time out the watchwords were authenticity and of a game that's "as close to war as you'd want to get," this time the talk is of Left 4 Dead and Nintendo's approach to game design. "We were just talking about trying to make the game more fun," admits Sion. 




 Before the series' faithful that have been dodging enemy fire since its PC inception get too aggrieved, it's worth pointing out that Operation Flashpoint hasn't fundamentally changed. Red River is still more military sim than straight-up shooter, its authenticity still leagues ahead of the Bad Companies and Call of Duties of this world. 




 But it's also been studying those games carefully, pinching features here and there to ensure that Operation Flashpoint: Red River is more in line with people's expectations of a modern first-person shooter. On the grandest scale there's the setting; as opposed to the oppressive and frequently dismal island backdrop of Dragon Rising, Red River relocates to Tajikistan, a Central Asian country that's uniquely diverse. 





 Placed precariously between Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and China, Tajikistan has unsurprisingly had a history of struggle, a Soviet presence segueing into more Asian influences towards the east of the country. It's subsequently a perfect backdrop for Operation Flashpoint: Red River's own fictional conflict, which in keeping with Dragon Rising is between US forces and the People's Liberation Army of China. 



 Tajikistan also supplies a dazzling variety of backdrops and the very first will be the most familiar. Operation Flashpoint: Red River's campaign will take players winding along the eponymous waterway, offering up some 200km of terrain on the journey from the east to the west, and it starts quite intentionally amidst the dust and heat that the recent blockbusters have claimed as their own. 



 "We've made sure that earlier levels in the game look like earlier levels in the Call of Duties and Bad Companies so as not to alienate the player," admits Sion. It soon moves to fresher territory and over Red River's three acts it'll offer more variety than its predecessor ever did, taking in the heights of the local mountain ranges before venturing to locales that display the Russian, Afghan and Chinese influences that create Tajikstan's strange and unique flavour.


seed comment n enjoy!!!...