 http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=fzlyq_Khloe_1.jpg
 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=bas8_Khloe_2.jpg
 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=b8jel_Khloe_3.jpg
 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=tawu7_ecg_khloe_wmv.jpg

Exploited College Girls - Khloe - Sexy Painal Scene

See that happy smile? Yeah, that's going away real quick here today. Watch a big mouth who kept saying she's soooooo hardcore at every opportunity be put on the spot - and fail the test. You remember Khloe going on about how extreme she is and that there's nothing she can't or won't do (or hasn't already done), right? Well, today I invite her back to get assfucked on camera. You know, nothing all that out of the ordinary for us. But watch how step by step Khloe keeps pulling the proverbial tail between her legs. With every challenge I get an excuse. I'm starting to call her bullshit and she knows it. The entire shoot is one progressive descent into embarrassment for her. And it all starts out so great: Khloe stands bare-assed in the bathroom, doing her makeup. She looks so fuckable and being the little slut she is, doesn't question at all when I drop my pants and start fucking her. She's enjoying it and truth be told, her tight snatch is one of the best I've felt in a while. I'm staring at her fantastic ass as my cock goes in and out of her pussy. Heaven! Okay, playtime over - I tell her this is her opportunity to put her money where her mouth is and push herself and do things she's not done before. Of course she claims there's no such thing. She's just so fucking harddcore, you know. LOL. So I start small: "let's watch you fist yourself", I say. No! Guards go up, she "can't do that". More than three fingers and it's not happening. Well, three fingers then. In fact, I'll try that right now. Watch how well that goes over. Being the nice guy I am I won't rush the assfucking too much with her. I loosen up her butt with my fingers, play with her pussy (always gets her nice and juicy) and then proceed to munch the hell out of her ass and cunt. Khloe orgasms, I feel the quivering (you can see it too) and it's all smooth sailing from there. Or so I think. I want some more of that great pussy of hers so we fuck a little more. She is so ready, I think. But then it's time to get down to (ass)business. Khloe squirms and nervously laughs when I put on the anal lube. "It stings!!!" she cries and I do my best to get her comfortable again. It's still kind of fun and games up to that point but she starts to get a diva attitude from then on. Princess and the pea? Yeah, that's her. Of all people, right?!?! All this whining requires her to get me hard again so it's blowjob and asslicking time. No problem there. Khloe does magic with her mouth. Okay. Now. Finally. Assfucking time. And OMG what a trip! What a delusional braggart she reveals herself to be. "It hurts, it hurts", "take it out"...I keep it in and fuck her until she is about to burst into tears. I'm not that huge and yet here she is, our supposed hardcore queen for which nothing is too extreme or dirty, and she is reduced to the embarrassed little bullshitter she really is. We stop before she has a full blown anxiety attack. Grade: FAIL. 

School: Arizona State University
Year: Junior
Age: 21
Height: 5'4
Figure: 32B-26-32
EyeColor: Green