Tiger Lou is Rasmus Kellerman, a 28 year old songwriter from Sweden. A Partial Print, is his third album, following Is My Head Still On? (2004) and The Loyal (2005), both released by Startracks. R. Kellerman wrote, produced and performed all of the songs on A Partial Print«. Rolf Klinth co-produced and recorded it. Pontus Levahn played drums on all but two tracks. Sean Beavan mixed it. When Tiger Lou tour, it transforms into a five piece band featuring Pontus Levahn (drums), Erik Welen (bass), Mathias Johansson (guitar) and the latest member Johnny Karlsson (keyboards/guitar).

- - -

What is finally dawning on me is the fact that the Tgr Lou saga is soon coming to an end. Last weekend we played our last two shows in Sweden, for what might just turn out to be; forever. Or at least for a few years. We have three more shows to go in Germany at the end of July, and then we're off doing whatever it is we do, on a given normal day, for a very long time.

It's been a great run, and I'm completely in love with the guys in the band and our whole crew! Touring has never before been so fulfilling, and I have never felt more comfortable on stage, off stage, backstage, in the bus or during the day. And I feel that I speak for everyone in the band, when I say that our last shows have been our best ones. Playing is just easy - you know! To me, that's the greatest feeling to experience up on stage. That playing is just like breathing, or swimming, or running, or fucking, or dancing, or punching. Fun, natural and invigorating. I wish I could bottle that energy, and just take small little sips during the bad days!

So, come August Tiger Lou goes away. Pontus will play drums together with Lowood, Asha Ali and Je Ne Sais Quoi, and guitar with Torpedo. Erik will keep playing bass with Torpedo and Giant Boar. Mathias will be plucking away with Tom Malmquist and whoever is smart enough to enlist him. Johnny will keep making electronic music of wonder and marvel.

As for me, I'm writing some new songs, for a so far unknown project. Let's just think of it as something else. It's time to grow a little. Move on. Shake some dust. Do a little dance. Write some kool stories. Buy a new guitar. Fix that broken shoulder. Start Kickboxing again. Learn how to drive. Start speaking german. Do more cooking. Go travelling. Focus on the love and the life and the wife. Maybe make some babies. Maybe get some more dogs. Maybe buy a house. And maybe - just maybe get rich - or die trying!
(Rasmus Kellerman 2009)

- - -

If past mistakes thought us one thing, it's that we'll end up making new ones. To me, that's the beauty of a process. There is always something to rectify. It never stops. It may grind to a sudden halt. It may slow down for a brief period. But it never stops. You just wait and see.

Everything started at Krausnickstrasse in Berlin - sometime during October 2006 - and continued at Husemannstrasse. Several songs came together. Some sentences. I recorded demos of every single little idea, and 9 months later - much like giving birth to a long awaited third child - I turned up at the studio with 10 finished songs. No more, no less. The track list was set. The words were all there. All I needed now was some structure - a mental grid if you will - to start mending it all together. So, an ordinary day in the studio began around 9 AM, took a short break around 1 PM for lunch and ended between 5 and 6 PM. The studio, Matching Heads, its proprietor  Rolf Klinth - my partner in music production for the past ten years. Together we recorded 'A Partial Print', on an average of two days per week over a span of 7 months. We drank nothing but coffee, water and an occasional light beer. We ate either Italian, Thai or Greek cuisine. Neither of us smoked.

My search for a suitable person for mixing 'A Patrial Print', took us to L.A. and one Sean Beavan, who's prior work includes NIN and Marilyn Manson. It took him about two hours to make it abundantly clear that he knew exactly how to work the songs. And about two hours for me to fall head over heels in love with Laurel Canyon and its surroundings. We finished mixing in a mere 10 days and it broke my heart having to leave. Mainly because it meant that the record was done. And once it is - in my eyes - it dies. It has filled it's purpose. It is no longer mine. It is inevitably and ultimately yours. Something new. Something exciting. Something spectacular. (tigerlou.net)

- - -

Tiger Lou - A Partial Print  2008
(2CD Stockholm Startracks)

 1. The more you give 
 2. The less you have to carry 
 3. So demure 
 4. Trust falls 
 5. An atlas of those our own 
 6. Odessa 
 7. Trails of spit 
 8. Coalitions 
 9. Crushed by a crowd 
10. A partial print
11. The more you give - Dead letters spell out dead words remix
12. The less you have to carry - April Brikha remix
13. So demure - Ozgür Can remix
14. Trust falls - Error Error remix
15. An atlas of those our own - Bjnielsen remix
16. Odessa - Daso remix
17. Trails of spit - Opiate remix
18. Coalitions - Grindvik, the sublimal kid, Van Rivers remx
19. Crushed by a crowd - Mikael Jonasson remix
20. A partial print - Bodycode remix


Produced by R. Kellerman and Rolf Klinth.
Recorded by Rolf Klinth at Matching Head Studios. 
Mixed by Sean Beavan at The Blue Room, Los Angeles CA, USA.
Mastered by Mats Limpan Lindfors at Cutting Room.

Pontus Levahn played drums on all tracks except 7 and 10. 
Erik Welen sings on The More You Give. 
Anna Landberg Dager plays cello on A Partial Print. 
R Kellerman played all other instruments.
All words and music written by R Kellerman.
