London Boulevard (2010/2011) PAL 	


Film: London Boulevard (2010/2011) DVD5


Verenigde Staten / Verenigd Koninkrijk
Misdaad / Drama
103 minuten

geregisseerd door William Monahan
met Keira Knightley, Colin Farrell en David Thewlis

Mitchel (Farrell) is een net vrijgelaten crimineel. Hij wil het criminele milieu graag achter zich laten. Dat lijkt te lukken als hij een baan aangeboden krijgt waarbij hij Charlotte (Knightley), een geïsoleerd levende jonge actrice, moet beschermen. Maar zijn verkeerde vrienden uit het verleden blijven maar bij hem aankloppen, en slepen hem mee in hun criminele activiteiten die steeds verder uit de hand lopen.


English

Storyline

Mitchel ('Colin Farrell' ) just got out of jail and wants to stay legitimate but his friends involved in the messy London underground fear him and wants him to join them again but Mitchel tries his best to stay away. He gets himself a job as a bodyguard for a retired actress Charlotte (Keira Knightley) who is still hot news for the paparazzi. Mitchell, through his friend Billy eventually meets the underground Don by the name of Gant (Ray Winstone) who wants Mitch to work for him because of Mitch's reputations. While working together Mitch and Charlotte fall in love. Gant asks Billy to get the guy who sent Mitch to jail but it turns out to be the wrong one, Gant kills the guy in front of Mitch and lets Mitch know that he has to work for him now that Mitch has seen him commit the murder but Mitch refuses. Gant keeps trying to force Mitch to his side promising him good ranks and positions...



Film gegevens
Audio............: Engels 5.1 Dolby digital
Subtitels........: Originele Nederlandse ondertiteling
Beeld............: 16.9 PAL
Menu Extra 's....: Beide aanwezig
Formaat..........: DVD5 ISO (1op1 rip, dus zonder compressie!!)
Cover............: Yes
Format...........: DVD5
Source...........: Retail
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/65899 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1213648


TBS

