I have converted Tri-Stat d8 to enable a GM who is familiar with the books and world to run a game in it. It is in no way complete and exhaustive. Most of the context and details of Erikson/Esslemont’s world is missing.

If you are unfamiliar with the world of Malaz then this definitely won’t help you. Go out and read the Malazan Books of the Fallen by Steven Erikson. They’re excellent and I guarantee you won’t regret it. Then read Ian C Esslemont’s Malazan Empire novels, they’ll fill in even more of the background and help tie off some loose ends.

If your players are unfamiliar with the world, it’s up to you to familiarise them with it enough to play. Give them a bit of an overview. Explain the geography, the politics, the history, the magical lore, the religion. If possible, cajole them into reading some of the books themselves. Ultimately, you, as the GM, need to make sure they know enough to operate within this world.

I’m led to believe that there’s actually a Role Playing Game in the works for the Malazan universe. This is not meant to supersede that, merely tie you over until it arrives. By all means, play this in the mean time, but buy their version when it comes out. It’s bound to be better than mine.

Why Tri-Stat? Because somewhere I read that was what they’re planning to use for the official Malazan RPG. Correct or incorrect, by the time I’d familiarised myself with this system I couldn’t be bothered to learn another one.

Why d8? Because d6 is designed for human games, and the World of Malaz has plenty of other races that, in at least one way, are just better than humans. It also makes it easier to encompass ascended beings.

Do you disagree with how I’ve done something? Great. Change it. I’ll be the first to admit that this is a bit of a bodge job. I’ve done the best I can with the knowledge and time I have. There were some things I couldn’t figure out (i.e. the Deck of Dragons and its use by seers); there were bits where I had to make judgement calls (the relative strengths and abilities of the non-human races); there were even bits where I turned the rules on their head (use of magic). Just do what you must to make it work.

What are aspects? I’ve stolen them from the Fate system; specifically the Dresden Files incarnation of Fate RPG. Why? Because I love the way character creation for the Dresden Files leaves you with a strong impression of who your character is. I also love how the aspects reward and encourage you to play in character. Yeah, I’ve pretty much grafted them on, but I plan to make it work. If you don’t like it, just remove them.

Lastly, this isn’t meant to entirely replace the TriStat dX core book. In fact, I’d actively encourage you to have it to hand. I’m eminently fallible, and may have left something important out. Something may come up in your play that my material can’t cover. In retrospect, I just can’t be bothered typing out anything beyond the Character Creation parts, so you’ll definitely need the TriStat dX book to hand.

Any thoughts, comments, suggestions and discussion can be forwarded to @seamus_quigley on Twitter
