Miles Davis - First Miles
Orig Year: 1990 
Label: Columbia Japan 
Release Date: Dec 07, 2010 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

"Digitally remastered by Jack Towers (The Cutting Room, New York, New York).

Recorded at WOR Studio, New York, New York on April 24, 1945 and Harry Smith Studio, New York, New York on August 14, 1947. 

All tracks have been remastered using 24 bit digital transfers.

The son of a prosperous East St. Louis dentist, Miles Dewey Davis III emerged from the local music scene with a wealth of experience. He was primarily influenced by his teacher Elwood Buchanan and tonal masters such as Bobby Hackett, Harold "Shorty" Baker, Clark Terry and Freddie Webster. But it was the opportunity to play alongside Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie when Billy Eckstine's big band passed through St. Louis that inspired Miles to come to New York and attend Julliard in 1944.

The August 14, 1947 session was Miles' first as a leader and he already exhibits rudiments of timbre and phrasing that would distinguish his mature work. The presence of pianist John Lewis, Charlie Parker's use of tenor saxophone, and a more relaxed set of tempos distinguish this from his mentor's Savoy sesions. Lewis' "Milestones" (not to be confused with Miles' Columbia recording) is a relaxed, appealing line: Miles' muted horn and Bird's tenor blend for a burnished, mellow attack, and Miles employs both a more relaxed style of phrasing and a lighter attack than was popular among boppers. "Little Willie Leaps" (based on "All God's Children Got Rhythm") is a brisker bop vehicle, and Bird dances lightly while Miles demonstrates plenty of rhythmic verve. "Half Nelson" and "Sippin' At Bells" offer more syncopated melodies, inspiring Bird to transcend the weightier aspects of his tenor, while Miles finds space for more nuanced details amidst the Dizzying harmonies."

Personnel:
Miles Dewey Davis III - Trumpet
Rubberlegs Williams - Vocals
Herbie Fields - Tenor Saxophone,Clarinet
Teddy Brannon - Piano
Leonard Gaskin - Bass
Ed Nicholson - Drums
Charlie Parker - Tenor Saxophone
John Lewis - Piano
Nelson Boyd - Bass
Max Roach - Drums

Miles Davis - First Miles Tracks
01. Mile Stone - (take 1, master take 2)
02. Mile Stone - (take 3)
03. Little Willie Leaps - (take 1, alternate take, 2)
04. Little Willie Leaps - (master take 3)
05. Half Nelson - (alternate take 1)
06. Half Nelson - (master take 2)
07. Sippin' at Bell's - (take 1, master take 2)
08. Sippin' at Bell's - (take 3, alternate take, 4)
09. That's the Stuff You Gotta Watch - (alternate take 1)
10. That's the Stuff You Gotta Watch - (alternate take 2)
11. That's the Stuff You Gotta Watch - (master take 3)
12. Pointless Mama Blues
13. Deep Sea Blues
14. Bring It on Home - (take 1)
15. Bring It on Home - (alternate take 2)
16. Bring It on Home - (master take 3)