Release Information

Type..: LossLess
Platform.: PC
Genre.: FPS
Cracked By..: RELOADED
Team..: Black Box
Size..: 8.63 GB
Required Space.: 13 GB
Final Size.. 11.3 GB
Release Date: 26-10-2011

Repack Features

Ripped Other Languages Than English
Include RELOADED crack + Update
Need At Least 1 GB Ram to Install
Need At Least 13 GB Free Space to Install
Included ( DirectX & Visual Basic )
Start the game from Desktop

Installation:

1. Run Setup.exe
2. Enjoy

Description

Prepare for full-scale war with Battlefield 3, the third major
volution of the long-running online battle franchise. Using the
power of Frostbite 2 game engine technology, Battlefield 3 delivers
superior visual quality, a grand sense of scale, massive destruction,
dynamic audio and incredibly lifelike character animations. As
bullets whiz by, walls crumble, and explosions throw you to the
ground, the battlefield feels more alive and interactive than ever
before.
In Battlefield 3, players step into the role of the elite U.S.
Marines where they will experience heart-pounding single player
missions and competitive multiplayer actions ranging across diverse
locations from around the globe including Europe, Middle-East
and North America.

Features

•Frostbite 2 — Battlefield 3 introduces Frostbite 2, the incredible
technology that takes animation, destruction, lighting, scale and
audio to new heights. Built upon this powerful game engine, Battlefield
3 immerses players physically and emotionally to the world around them
like never before.
•Feel the Battle — Feel the impact of bullets and explosions, drag
your fallen comrades into safety, and mount your weapon on almost any
part of the terrain. Battlefield 3′s cutting edge animation, spectacular
visuals and real as hell battle gameplay attack your senses and make
you feel the visceral warriors experience like no other FPS.
•Unparalleled Vehicle Warfare — The best online vehicle warfare
experience gets even better with a fitting sonic boom as fighter jets
headline impressive lineup of land, air and sea vehicles.
•Urban Combat — Take the fight to iconic and unexpected places in the
USA, Middle East, and Europe including claustrophobic streets, metropolitan
downtowns, and open, vehicle-friendly landscapes as you fight your way
through the war of tomorrow.

                     
                        ""SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS""


* Operating system: Windows Vista / Windows 7;
* CPU: 2 GHZ DUAL CORE (CORE 2 DUO 2.4 GHZ OR ALTHON X2 2.7 GHZ);
* RAM: 2 GB;
* Sound Card: DirectX compatible sound card;
* Video: DIRECTX 11 COMPATIBLE WITH 1024 MB RAM (NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 560 OR ATI RADEON 6950);
* Free HDD: 4 gb of free space. 