Angry Birds Seasons


What's new in Version 1.1.0

 New Features in version 1.1.0:
- 25 DAYS OF ANGRY BIRDS
- A NEW SEASONAL THEME
- A FUN WINTERY ELEMENT 
- NEW ACHIEVEMENTS
- GAME CENTER SUPPORT
- A VERY MERRY GOLDEN EGG


Description

From now on, every season is an Angry Birds season. After the special treats of Halloween, Angry Birds Seasons returns with another gift that keeps on giving: Season’s Greetings for the Holidays!

Count down the 25 days of Christmas with Angry Birds! 
Frolic in the fun new levels in a snow-filled winter wonderland!
A very merry Golden Egg full of holiday spirit!

We’d like to take this opportunity to give everybody our Season’s Greetings and wish Happy Holidays to all of our fans. We thank you sincerely from the bottoms of our fluffy hearts for putting Angry Birds in the iTunes App Store Hall of Fame!

Follow us on Twitter for Angry Birds updates and more information of our upcoming line of toys: 
http://twitter.angrybirds.com 

Become a fan of Angry Birds on Facebook: 
http://facebook.angrybirds.com

Buy Angry Birds plush toys: 
http://shop.angrybirds.com

The survival of the Angry Birds is at stake - even in the jolliest of seasons! Dish out revenge on the green pigs who stole the Birds’ eggs. Use the unique destructive powers of the Angry Birds to lay waste to the pigs’ hideouts and unwrap all Christmas gifts in the process. 

Angry Birds Seasons features hours of gameplay, challenging physics-based demolition action, and lots of replay value. Each level requires logic, skill, and brute force to crush the enemy.

Angry Birds Halloween is a Special Edition of the #1 iPHONE PAID APP OF ALL TIME

AVERAGE REVIEW SCORE for version 1.4.0 of Angry Birds = 4.78 / 5.

Lemme tell ya, these ain’t no ordinary finches we’re talkin’ about. These here are the Angry Birds, the ones that’s gonna kick you in the ‘nads. And they’re the ones on your side. They must be from Galapadapados, or sumptin’. – Col. Angus, Bird Expert.

Protect wildlife or play Angry Birds!

Features 69 levels, leaderboards, achievements, Facebook and Twitter integration, and lots and lots of Angry Birds, pigs, pumpkins, and pigs hiding in pumpkins