
Ass The World Turns [DvdRip].avi

Cast:
Bobbi Starr, Chloe Cruize, Jessica Moore, MacKenzee Pierce, Madison Parker, Bill Bailey, Mark Davis, Mark Wood, Michael Stefano, Pat Myne

Description:
	Bobbi Starr, a well known anal queen, was up first in her red &  black lingerie, posing on the second story landing as she showed off her  curvy body.  The tease was a bit too stylish for me but it improved  when she went inside to masturbate with the glass dildo.  Her juices  brought forth Mark Wood from that point and he serviced her orally after  she slobbed his knob with a lot of skill.  There was a lot of vaginal  plowing here but the emphasis was clearly on anal with lots of taste  testing, the white bed providing too stark a contrast between the couple  and the bed for the camera to handle. On a plus note, Bobbi jerked and  sucked him off at the end to drain his batch of genetic juice from his  balls, swallowing the successful results of her work.
	Chloe Conrad, a lean blond with large tits, was up next wearing a  metallic animal print bikini as she danced on a table, feeling herself  up as she slowly masturbated anally.  The tease over, she then took care  of Mark Davis, the man kissing her as he caressed her body intensely,  going down on her before she reciprocated orally on his dick.  They then  bumped uglies as she strove to impale herself on his cock vaginally,  showing no chemistry but giving a show all the same as she bounced  around on him.  He then started banging her ass slowly but she did not  appear too happy, Mark eventually turning her around to drop the wad of  population pudding into her mouth.
	Jessica Moore, a fetching blond wearing a yellow bikini in the  house, was up next as she followed the formulaic proceeding, my only  concern being the wart on her ass (near the hole).  She used a metallic  silver vibrator to diddle herself with and seemed to enjoy herself,  placing herself on the stairs to do the dirty deed.  The camera looked  completely different when the quick edit placed her on the white couch  with Bill Bailey, her lips wrapped around his dick as he moaned overly  loud.  The blowjob led to him vaginally screwing the passive pussy,  Jessica getting better after a short time but slowing back down during  the anal again.  There wasn't much oral after the initial porking, Bill  jerking out his semen to her chest to finish himself off, a touch of  post coital head finishing her off for the day.
	MacKenzee Pierce, a skinny brunette wearing a punk rock styled bikini  outfit, was up next teasing and masturbating before Michael Stefano  joined her.  She had already stretched her pussy and ass out for the  moment, pushing past the pain of the toys penetrating her to begin  appreciating the experience.  She left the anal plug in as she blew him  but she appeared distracted, sharing no chemistry with the man as she  did some play for pay with him.  There was nothing technically wrong  with her work here and she went along with the technical DP just fine,  the intermittent oral as well handled as most of her peers in the flick,  the missing spark just defeated the purpose for me more than it would  had I only watched porn a few times a year.  They did oral, vaginal, and  anal sex tricks as expected but frankly, it was the weakest scene of  the batch due to the way they did each other.  The scene ended when he  unleashed his seed into her mouth by his own hand, the swallowing the  best part of it all.
	Madison Parker, the curvy babe featured on the front cover, was up last  as she pranced about to weird music in her lingerie.  The overwhelming  amount of light wasn't bad to start with but it wore thin quickly, her  oral antics on Pat Myne soon leading to him drilling her hard vaginally  and anally.  The blemishes aside, she maintained some eye contact and  gave him her money's worth but the lack of chemistry again weakened the  action for me, even her active rides.  She was passive and that killed  it for me, the ending splooge landing in her mouth when she  jerked/sucked him off to completion.

Tags: Hardcore, Blowjob, XxX, Anal, Fuck

Resolution:   608x336
	
Size:	      1.34 Gb

Screens:
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4177_0.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4176_00.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4175_01.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4174_02.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4173_03.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4172_04.jpg.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/show.php/4171_05.jpg.html