AaiDFaAdC


Xing L. Yan, "Nuclear Hydrogen Production Handbook (Green Chemistry and Chemical Engineering)"
Publisher: CRC Press | 2011 | ISBN: 1439810834 | PDF | 939 pages 

"The fact that nuclear hydrogen production is now almost reality is not widely known. This handbook gives us the most thorough review of the state of art of nuclear hydrogen, which could be used not only for scientific and technological communities, but for the potential users to assess its reality."

—Dr. Toru Ogawa, Japan Atomic Energy Agency

"…this book is exceptional as a textbook or primer guide for professional researchers."

—Dr. Yoshimi Okada, Chiyoda Corporation

Written by two leading researchers from the world-renowned Japan Atomic Energy Agency, the Nuclear Hydrogen Production Handbook is an unrivalled overview of current and future prospects for the effective production of hydrogen via nuclear energy. Combining information from scholarly analyses, industrial data, references, and other resources, this handbook illustrates hydrogen’s versatility and potential both as a sustainable energy carrier (e.g., fuel for vehicles and power generators) and as a feedstock material for industry (agriculture, oil, chemical, and steel, etc.).

Packed with details about the science, engineering, and production involved in nuclear hydrogen generation, this handbook presents case studies that delve into:

Research results of hydrogen development programs sponsored by Japan, Argentina, China, Korea, the US and the EU, among others
Operational developments at major nuclear reactors
Cutting-edge hydrogen production systems and methods, including high-temperature electrolysis of steam and biomass gasification
Applications such as heat- and corrosion-resistant construction materials, chemical reactors, and heat exchangers, and thermochemical iodine-sulfur processes
Integrated process designs (including thermochemical and hybrid methods)
Nuclear hydrogen plant operation management and safety

Far exceeding the limited introductory detail offered in other books on the topic, this reference offers an all-encompassing international perspective on nuclear hydrogen production. Addressing a wide range of pertinent technologies, scientific trends, and technical details, this resource will be a useful tool for readers at all levels of understanding.
