‘U potrazi za Olujom’ dokumentarni je film koji postavlja pitanje je li UN kriv za to što se njegov međunarodni sud za ratne zločine koristi za opravdanje neuspjeha te organizacije tokom rata u bivšoj Jugoslaviji. Kritičari tvrde da UN-ov tribunal za ratne zločine u bivšoj Jugoslaviji (ICTY) pokušava konstruirati priču koja bi opravdala UN-ov poslijeratni stav da je sukob na Balkanu bio građanski rat, a ne agresija srpskog predsjednika Slobodana Miloševića. Ta je optužba naročito bitna za aktualno suđenje hrvatskom generalu Anti Gotovini, optuženom za ratne zločine. Gotovina je u Hrvatskoj heroj jer je predvodio Oluju, vojnu operaciju kojom je zemlja oslobođena nakon četiri godine srpske okupacije. Međutim, neposredno nakon operacije počinjeni su mnogi zločini, a Gotovini se sudi zbog zapovjedne odgovornosti. Koristeći novije intervjue i arhivski materijal, film ‘U potrazi za Olujom’ preispituje UN-ovu politiku u vrijeme rata kako bi utvrdio je li UN možda pridonio ratnim tragedijama, te se pita je li Gotovina kriv ili je, možda, samo političko žrtveno janje za UN-ove neuspjehe.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Searching for a Storm is a documentary film that asks if the UN is guilty of using its international war crimes court to justify UN failures during the war in the former Yugoslavia. Critics charge that the UN's International War Crimes Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) is attempting to create a narrative which justifies the UN wartime position that the conflict in the Balkans was a civil war and not a war of aggression by Serbian president Slobodan Milosevic.

This charge is especially relevant to the current war crimes case of Croatian general Ante Gotovina, who has been indicted as a war criminal by the UN court. Gotovina is a hero in Croatia for leading Operation Storm, a military operation that liberated the country after four years of Serb occupation. However, many crimes were committed in the operation's aftermath and Gotovina is being tried as a war criminal for his command responsibility.

Juxtaposing current interviews with archival footage, Searching for a Storm examines UN wartime policies to learn if they may have contributed to the war's tragedies and the film asks if Gotovina is guilty or a political scapegoat for UN failures during the war.

In the documentary's search for the truth about what happened before, during, and after Operation Storm, the filmmakers interviewed people with a wide variety of opinions about the war and Gotovina's case, which is currently under way and will conclude in the summer of 2009. These interviews took the crew on a whirlwind tour of Europe to Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia, Paris, London and The Hague and included diplomats, human rights activists, journalists, clergy, soldiers, prosecution and defense staff, and lay Croats, Serbs and Bosnians, including Croatian actor Goran Visnjic.