 http://bayimg.com/paKCbAAdn

Fashion Victims (2007) 

Reine Geschmacksache (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0838192/

 German language with English subtitles

At 52, traveling salesman Wolfgang Zenker (Edgar Selge) is in old school territory: he peddles the company's classic clothing line to boutiques that cater to women over 35. When Wolfi loses his drivers license in his brand-new Mercedes but can't afford to lose the season's sales because his frustrated wife (Franziska Walser) desperately wants a new bathroom, their son's vacation plans take a back seat as Karsten (Florian Bartholomäi) is forced to making sales rounds with his father instead of celebrating his high school graduation in Spain. Also making the rounds in small town southern Germany is successful and attractive sales rival Steven Brookmüller (Roman Knizka), 33. As the men's paths cross, long-hidden secrets are revealed and things come to a hilarious head. 

  Edgar Selge  ...  Wolfgang Zenker  
  Florian Bartholomäi  ...  Karsten Zenker  
  Roman Knizka  ...  Steven Brookmüller  
  Franziska Walser  ...  Erika Zenker  
  Traute Hoess  ...  Brigitta  
  Gottfried Breitfuss  ...  Polizist Gerhardt (as Gottfried Breitfuß)  
  Marcus Michalski  ...  Juniorchef  
  Horst Krause  ...  Horst / Reinigungsangestellte  

Thus entertaining 2007 German comedy was released in English as "Fashion Victims."

Who are the victims? The buyers of both the dowdy, old Goldberg line sold by the dour, resentment-filled Wolfgang (Edgar Selge) and the upstart salesman of flashier, shoddier new Grazilla line sold by Steven (Roman Knizka), who is about 30 years younger than Wolfgag and at least 30 times more charming. The company is fazing out the Goldberg line. Wolfgang refuses to sell the new one, confident that his buyers (who sell to middle-aged and often overweight women) will not take the Grazilla stuff that won't survive a washing, and will be sensible.

Wolfgang is strangling in debt, losing his wife Erika (Franziska Walser), and far-from-close to his son Karsten (Florian Bartholomäi), who has just graduated from high school and is going to Spain with two female fellow graduates who have long been competing for his favor(s).

On the way to the Stuttgart airport with the three, Wolfgang is stopped for speeding and reminded that his license has been suspended. Just starting a battle for the traditional Golberg line and desperately needing every commission he can get, Wolfgang tells Karsten he will have to stay and drive his father to his clients.

His father forces him to drive him around Baden-Württemberg to sell Golbergs to his regular boutique customers.

A first love farce intersects with the business competition farce and the fed-up wife egged on by a fat divorcée friend played very broadly by Traute Höss tragicomedy. There are guns and car crashes, but not graphic sex and very brief, comic nudity. And a pink elephant Wolfgang chases…

It has some hilarious moments and a sweet ending all around. Everone has learned some things from the hilarious series of events. The movie also has some bucolic scenery as Karsten drives around Baden-Württemberg (from a base in Ludwigsburg).

The four leads are all very good and the impasses are very in-character. The movie succeeds as a business comedy, along with the comedies of frustrated aging spouses and their frustrated children. 

