who is it for?
Illume is aimed for usage by completely everyone. You could use it at schools (to cut costs down from having to purchase hundreds of Windows licenses), small businesses, home & recreational, professional media, etc... At the moment, since Illume is still in testing, it's aimed at anyone daring enough to use it as their main operating system.

about the operating system
Illume Linux is based on Debian GNU/Linux 6.0 'Squeeze'. It makes use of the IceWM window manager. Applications included are – the Midori web browser, Audacious audio player, Gxine video player, Xzgv image viewer, Leafpad text editor, Evince PDF Reader, Thunar file manager, XDM display manager and so on... It's fantastic to run on old machines which you plan to throw out (save the environment, stop flinging your computers out of the window). The name 'Illume' means light up.

about the developer
Illume is developed by Clarence Siew (me). I live in Georgetown, which is in Penang, Malaysia. I'm a (middle school) student, software developer, musician and web developer. I founded an organization called Forward in 2008 at the age of 10, developing Windows batch scripts/programs. In 2010, I founded another organization to continue development of Forward's 'Elegant' batch program, then renamed to 'Nebula'. 
http://sites.google.com/site/illumeos/about

illume OS preview 3 announcement

illume OS preview 3 (build 008) has been released to the world. It’s now compatible with hundreds of computers and devices now (thanks to hundreds of new drivers). Here’s the list of new features (or the change log):
 CUPS printer driver (that means you can print on almost any printer)
 Firestarter firewall (now you’ll have the safest operating system, ever)
 LXTask task manager
 GNOME Device Manager
 GNOME Power Manager
 GNOME Alsa Mixer
 Updated IceWM theme
 IceApe web browser
 Evince PDF Reader 
http://illumenews.tumblr.com/

illume OS (submitted on 2011-08-22) waitinglist 
http://distrowatch.com/dwres.php?resource=links#new
 
http://sites.google.com/site/illumeos/home

md5sum : e068d5816276ce24162ebb323f3f84de  illume-008.iso