Joe Strummer And The Mescaleros - Streetcore [Mp3 192 kbps] TMT Village

.: Release Originale :.
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/index.php?showtopic=55524

Streetcore was the third and final album by Joe Strummer and The Mescaleros. The album was completed after the death of frontman Strummer, primarily by Martin Slattery and Scott Shields, and released 21 October 2003. The album marks the band's transition from their previous genre-bending work to a more straight forward rock album, reminiscent of Strummer's early work with The Clash.

The album begins with the song "Coma Girl", which was also the first single released off the album and features the last studio recording of Strummer playing guitar.

Other notable tracks include "Long Shadow", which was originally written by Strummer for Johnny Cash,:[citation needed] "Redemption Song", a cover of the Bob Marley song, and "Silver and Gold", a cover of Bobby Charles' "Before I Grow Too Old." "Ramshackle Day Parade," the fifth song of the album, was featured on the acclaimed movie The Diving Bell and the Butterfly. "Silver and Gold" is the last song on the album and ends with Strummer's instruction to the engineer, "OK, that's a take." The song, which deals with making the most of one's life before it's too late, is a poignant end to Strummer's posthumous album.

Due to Strummer's untimely death, many of the vocal performances are first takes. "Midnight Jam" is completely without lyrics – instead, samplings of Joe's BBC Radio show are intermixed with the music. Other tracks, such as "Redemption Song" and "Long Shadow", were recorded with famed producer Rick Rubin, and it is unclear whether or not these tracks were originally intended to be on this studio album.

.: Cover :.
 
http://img204.imageshack.us/img204/6319/joestrummerstreetcore4fo.jpg

.: TrackList :.

1. Coma Girl
2. Get Down Moses
3. The Long Shadow
4. Arms Aloft in Aberdeen
5. Ramshackle Day Parade
6. Redemption Song
7. All in a Day
8. Burnin' Streets
9. Midnight Jam
10. Silver & Gold:.
