Description
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a tale of a man, a woman and a rabbit in a triangle of trouble. It's a world where laughing can be dangerous, romance can be hilarious, and Toons and people live side by side. It's a wonderful place you'll want to visit again and again. The chemistry is magic. The effects are astonishing. And the film is unforgettable!

Special Features
The Roger Rabbit Shorts: Who Made Roger Rabbit &Trouble In Toontown.

Technical Details
Actors Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, Joanna Cassidy, Stubby Kaye, Charles Fleischer, Kathleen Turner & Joel Silver
Director Robert Zemeckis
Certificate PG
Year 1988
Screen Widescreen 1.85:1 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1)

Subtitles English  English for the hearing impaired  Danish  French  Icelandic  Norwegian  Russian  Swedish
Duration 1 hour and 40 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

CAST Voices
Bob Hoskins ...........	: Eddie Valiant 
Christopher Lloyd .....	: Judge Doom 
Joanna Cassidy ........	: Dolores 
Charles Fleischer .....	: Roger Rabbit/Benny The Cab/Greasy/Psycho
Stubby Kaye ...........	: Marvin Acme 
Alan Tilvern ..........	: R.K. Maroon 
Richard LeParmentier ..	: Lt. Santino 
Lou Hirsch ............		: Baby Herman 
Betsy Brantley ........	: Jessica's Performance Model 
Joel Silver ...........		: Raoul J. Raoul 
Paul Springer .........	: Augie 
Richard Ridings .......	: Angelo 
Edwin Craig ...........	: Arthritic Cowboy/Man in Bar 
Lindsay Holiday .......	: Soldier 
Mike Edmonds ..........	: Stretch 
 
7,7/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096438/

Who Framed Roger Rabbit [1988 PAL DVD][En. Multisubs[8]

It's 1947 Hollywood and Eddie Valiant (Bob Hoskins), a down-on-his-luck detectice, is hired to find proof that Marvin Acme, gag factory mogul and owner of Toontown, is playing hanky-panky with femme fatale Jessica Rabbit, wife of Maroon Cartoon superstar, Roger Rabbit. When Acme is found murdered, all fingers point to Roger, and the sinister, power-hungry Judge Doom (Christopher Lloyd) is on a mission to bring Roger to justice.

Roger begs the Toon-hating Valiant to find the real evildoer and the plot thickens as Eddie uncovers scandal after scandal and realises the very existence of Toontown is at stake! A landmark in special effects, Robert Zemeckis' ingenious, hilarious Who Framed Roger Rabbit? is an Acme-guaranteed classic!

Format DVD Region 2
Speltid 100 min
Färg/svartvit Färg
TV-system PAL
EAN-kod 5017188886802
Textning Danska Engelska Finska Isländska Norska Ryska Svenska 
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
 Ryska (Dolby Surround)
Bild Widescreen 1.85:1 (anamorfisk)
Extra material
» The Roger Rabbit shorts
» Who made Roger Rabbit
» Trouble in Toontown
Lokal titel Vem satte dit Roger Rabbit?
Orginal titel Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Genre Komedi
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 1988
Regi Robert Zemeckis
Manus Gary K Wolf Jeffrey Price
Skådespelare Bob Hoskins Christopher Lloyd Joanna Cassidy Charles Fleischer 
Stubby Kaye Alan Tilvern Richard LeParmentier Lou Hirsch Betsy Brantley
Åldersgräns 11 år.
Filmbolag Disney/Buena Vista
