


E-Book.


Metzizah Bepeh. - ( Jews Suck Baby Penises ) (News Report)



Metzizah means "to suck",
and this is exactly what they do during their circumcision "ritual". Have a look
at this:


"There are three stages required for the performance of a ritually
correct circumcision in Jewish law: the removal of the foreskin; the
tearing of the underlying membraene so as to expose the glans
completely; and the sucking away of the blood, m'tsitsah." Roger V.
Pavey. The Kindest Cut of All. Bognor Regis, W. Sussex: New Horizon.
1981. pp. 87-88.

"The method to be adopted is laid down thus: 'One excises the
foreskin, [that is] the entire skin covering the glans, so that the
corona is laid bare. Afterwards, one tears with the finger-nail the soft
membrane underneath the skin, turning it to the sides until the flesh
of the glans appears. Thereafter, one sucks the membrane until the
blood is extracted from the [more] remote places, so that no danger
[to the infant] may ensue; and any circumciser who does not carry
out the sucking procedure is to be removed [from his office].' . . . The
operation itself, then, consists of three distinct acts: the excision of
the prepuce; the laceration of the mucous membrane covering the
glans; and the sucking of the blood from the interior of the wound."
Immanuel Jakobovits. Jewish Medical Ethics: A Comparative and
Historical Study of the Jewish Religious Attitude to Medicine and Its
Practice. New York: Bloch Publishing Company. 1959. pp. 193-194.

"The baby cried, blood flowed on to his penis and – as the rabbi had
predicted – Graham [the godfather] did not faint. The rabbi then
bent over the baby and sucked the wound. I know this sounds awful,
but it is part of the Jewish tradition. It's supposed to help the
healing." Jack Shamash. "My Son on the Cutting Edge." Independent
(London), no. 3,797 (Thursday, December 17, 1998): p. R8.

"And what of the practice of sucking the bleeding penis? While
condemning the procedure, some physicians contend that it was used
to stop bleeding.47 Not only is there little evidence for this theory,
but it was also a largely ineffective method. Furthermore, even in
antiquity, surgeons had better methods to stop bleeding, such as
pressure, instruments, and medication.48 According to Dr. H. Speert
(1953), Maimonides ‘staunchly supported this procedure [sucking
the bleeding penis] as a prophylactic measure against
inflammation.'"49 Edward Wallerstein. Circumcision: An American
Health Fallacy. New York: Springer Publishing Company. 1980. p.
160.

"mezizah — Hebrew term for the third step in the Jewish
circumcision ritual, in which the mohel applies his mouth to the
freshly circumcised infant's penis and sucks up the first drops of
blood. In more recent times this procedure has been carried out via a
tube, as infections, venereal disease, and tuberculosis, sometimes
resulting in the death of the infant, have occurred due to
contamination of the wound. Most Jewish circumcisors today have
eliminated this step from the circumcision ritual. Critics have
attributed sadistic and homosexual implications to this practice,
while defenders claim that this was simply all that was known during
ancient times to stop the bleeding." Rosemary Romberg.
Circumcision: The Painful Dilemma. South Hadley, Massachusetts:
Bergin & Garvey, Publishers, Inc. 1985. p. 395.

"The traditional practice of metzitzah b'peh, which has its roots in
the earliest history of the Jewish people and has survived unchanged
to the present time, should be viewed with great respect. It is spoken
of very positively in the Jewish literature on circumcision both as an
essential part of the ritual and as a health measure which prevents
infection and promotes healing." Henry C. Romberg, M.D. Bris Milah:
A book about the Jewish ritual of circumcision. Jerusalem/New York:
Feldheim Publishers. 1982. pp. 57-58.





Seems the jews like to claim that this practice is to help the healing of the
wound from circumcision. However, circumcision is a barbaric practice that
has people lopping off the heads of their baby,s penises all over the world for
no reason. Hope to hell your child isn't circumcised by a jewish doctor, or you
might just catch him sucking on your baby's penis. It's pathetic and
disgusting, but it's a well known and revered practice amongst jews. You can
see by the quotes above they defend this practice as necessary, but the
circumcision itself is just genital mutilation, and nothing more, so the blood
sucking vampire ritual of licking a baby's penis is completely unnecessary. To
the jews, this is a ritual behavior, and has nothing to do with promoting
healing. It has to do with welcoming another demon into their flock, by having
his penis sucked by some disgusting rabbi at eight days old.


