AKVIS Noise Buster 8.0.2682.7927-r Multilanguage 

AKVIS Noise Buster reduces both luminance and color noise on digital images without spoiling other aspects of the photo. Now your photos look neat and accomplished.

Digital cameras opened the door to easy and entertaining photography. However, consumer digital cameras also have their drawbacks: they often produce the so-called digital noise. It can be seen as artifacts or grains that compromise the smoothness of the photo. It is especially annoying on the skin as it makes it uneven. This kind of noise is called luminance noise. There can also be chroma (color) noise which is perceived as random red and blue pixels spoiling the color accuracy of the snap-shot.

Digital noise can be produced by a number of factors: heating of the camera sensor, long exposure shooting, small pixel size (therefore digital compact cameras generate much noisier images than digital SLRs), high ISO settings, etc.

AKVIS Noise Buster reduces both luminance and color noise on digital images without spoiling other aspects of the photo. Now your photos look neat and accomplished.

The automatic settings usually give a good result. If not quite satisfied, you can tweak the parameters observing the changes in real time in the preview window. The program's window shows Before and After images for comparison. You can switch between the windows with a click on the image.
Separate setting areas for luminance and chroma noise allow you to deal with each kind of noise in the most efficient way. For further adjustment you have a few advanced parameters at your disposal.
The histogram displaying the noise level and noise components of the loaded image will help you to adjust settings.

AKVIS Noise Buster is available in two editions: as an independent application (standalone) and as a plug-in to a photo editor: Adobe Photoshop, Photoshop Elements, Corel Paint Shop pro, PhotoImpact, etc.

The plug-in version of Noise Buster offers Batch Processing support that allows you to automatically convert a series of images. Just create an Action in Photoshop or a Script in Corel Paint Shop Pro and apply the plug-in with the same settings to a folder full of images.

The program is equally useful both for professional and home users.

Home Page - http://www.akvis.com/

