File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:48

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2623 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.39 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"All the Things She Said", the English version of "Ya Soshla S Uma", was the first single from t.A.T.u.'s debut English album 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane. The song was a big success based on sales and airplay all over the world. It was the first single by a Russian act to hit number one in the UK Singles Chart and the Australian Singles Chart, a position it held for four weeks. The single has received Platinum and Gold certifications all over the world with physical and digital sales of over six million copies. The music was written by Sergio Galoyan with Russian lyrics by Elena Kiper, Valeriy Polienko and Sergio Galoyan, and English lyrics by Trevor Horn and Martin Kierszenbaum. The song was also covered by the metal band The Berzerker.

The song has appeared in multiple television events: it was WWE pro wrestler Victoria's theme song from December 2002 to May 2004. Also, the song was played during the final scenes of the Birds of Prey series on the WB network, in the 2003 episode "Devil's Eyes".

This theme was also featured as the opening song of the Chinese drama, Legend of the Heavenly Stones, as a Chinese language dub.

The song was ranked at number 452 in Blender magazine's The 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born. The song was number four on Much Music's list of 50 most controversial videos. It was also featured on C4's UChoose40's 15 Minutes Of Fame at number 3.

Being an English dub of "Ya Soshla S Uma" (I Lost My Mind), the music video for "All the Things She Said" features Yulia and Lena wearing Catholic school uniforms, singing together in the rain and snow. The two eventually kiss behind a chain fence, on the other side of which there is a crowd of onlookers. It seems like the crowd is watching these two lesbian girls who feel they are trapped within their emotions. The video ends when the girls go around the corner of the building, and off into the distance as the rain clears, revealing that the onlookers are the real captives — of ignorance. The English video is made up from footage from the Russian version, and there are fewer shots of the band singing, due to the language difference.

The video caused controversy in countries where it was played. In fact, it was listed on Much Music's 50 Most Controversial Videos at number 4.

In the United Kingdom, TV presenters Richard and Judy campaigned to have the video banned from TV claiming it pandered to paedophiles with the use of school uniforms and young girls kissing. Although their campaign failed, other TV shows took a negative stance to the video and the girls' kissing. In each of the four times Top of the Pops aired a live performance of the girls, the kiss was replaced with footage of the audience (sometimes kissing) instead.

The song was written as t.A.T.u.'s debut English single. The band had previously released five singles in Russian: Ya Soshla S Uma, Nas Ne Dagoinyat, 30 Minut, Prostye Dvizheniya and Ne Ver Ne Boisia. The song was produced by Trevor Horn with Ivan Shapovalov directing the video. It was reported that the girls' parents were upset by the scene in the video in which the two of them kiss, as they thought they were lesbians.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/