PAUL KOSSOFF  with BLACK CAT BONES
PAUL’S BLUES
Audio CD  29 Sep 2008 
Label: Sunbeam
Format: Mp3@320


With a feeling for guitar "pure and untainted" as Fleetwood Mac's Peter Green was to later observe, 16-year old Kossoff reveals precocious musicianship in 1967 London rehearsals for this Chicago-based blues band, from which this 2-CD set is culled. A musical metaphor for Virginia Woolf's stream of consciousness, his playing is as fluid and expressive as Green or Clapton's, and while these recordings, culled from over six hours of tapes, are often raw, muddy listening, they still compel. Koss, Derek and Stuart Brookes (later to form cult act Leaf Hound) and jazz drummer Frank Perry run through blues standards including `Bad Blood', `Rock Me Baby and `Shake Your Moneymaker' with occasionally weary determination. But when it starts muddling, Kossoff always regains the narrative thread and runs with it. Future band-mate, Free vocalist Paul Rodgers does a brief turn on `I'm Ready', but doesn't sound it. A generous booklet with rare photographs and first-hand experience notes reference with care and detail what must have been special to witness. Fame with Free beckoned a year later, but Kossoff never got over the band's break-up and died in 1976 of heart failure brought on by depression and drug abuse, making this tinderbox moment the more poignant and important to share now.


Tracklist
Disc One:

01. Rock Me Baby (Version 1)
02. San Ho-Zay
03. Bad Blood (Instrumental)
04. The Sky Is Cryin'
05. Help Me (Version 1)
06. Messin' With The Kid
07. Rock Me Baby (Version 2)


01. Rock Me Baby (Version 3)
02. Bad Blood (Vocal version 1)
03. Ooh Baby, Hold Me
04. Shake Your Money Maker
05. Help Me (Version 2)
06. I'm Ready
07. Bad Blood (Vocal version 2)
08. Paul's Blues

Recorded by Frank E. Perry II at rehearsals in Tottenham Court Road, London, 1967.


- Paul Tiller: vocals / harmonica
- Paul Kossoff: lead guitar
- Derek Brooks: rhythm guitar
- Stuart Brooks: bass guitar
- Frank Perry: drums
+ Paul Rogers (vocals) on I'm Ready
