Help & Manual Professional 6.0.2 Build 2352


A user-friendly software to write help files.

Description:
Help & Manual is a single-source help authoring and content management system for both single and multi-author editing. Creating help files by using Help & Manual is very easy, fast and efficient.Help & Manual scales from small to really large projects with thousands of pages and creates Windows help files, Webhelp and manuals in print and PDF format. Writing help has never been easier.

Help & Manual´s working environment gives you all the formatting and editing features of a modern word processor, including dynamic styles and complex tables. The software creates all classic help file and documentation formats:
Microsoft HTML Help (.chm)
Visual Studio Help
Webhelp for integration into your website
User manuals in Adobe PDF format

Tools includes: reports, translation assistants, image and screen shot tools Single source, Multiple output Single source is much more than just outputting exactly the same information to different formats.Help & Manual supports conditional and customized output features that enable you to include variant content versions for different output formats and purposes – all in the same project, no post-processing is required.

Help & Manual handles all the complexities of help formatting and generation for you, letting you concentrate on the work of writing. But there is also extensive support for power users and experienced help authors. You can get under the hood and insert your own HTML code, change the code the program uses to generate your projects, manipulate topic and project templates and more. Help & Manual gives you the best of both worlds.

Publishing Formats:
· Help+Manual publishes all standard Windows help formats, from HTML Help to Webhelp to Visual Studio Help. It also generates Adobe PDF, Microsoft Word files and ePUB e-books, the standard format supported by the Apple iPad.

Windows help formats:
· Windows HTML Help (.chm) is the platform-specific format for all Windows applications including .Net. Help+Manual creates CHM files as well as MSHC, a special help format for integration into Microsoft VisualStudio.

Webhelp:
· The Webhelp publishing format includes a table of contents, keyword index and full-text search. Webhelp is context-sensitive and allows seamless integration into your website. This output format can be highly customized and supports jQuery plugins for animations of non-static content.

Adobe PDF:
· PDF output and print manuals are fully customizable with the bundled Print Manual Designer program: include a table of contents and a keyword index, automatic pagefor links and cross-references, customized page layouts, headers, footers, page numbering, covers, introductions and more.

iPad Publishing:
· With the Apple iPad, e-books have become mainstream. Help+Manual publishes the the standard ePUB e-book format optimized for iPad, iPhone, the Nook Reader and other e-reading devices. This is a dedicated e-book format for offline reading on e-readers like iPad and iPhone.

Conditional content in single-source projects:
· Single source is much more than just outputting exactly the same information to different formats. Help+Manual supports multiple table-of-content and build conditions on chapter, topic and text level.

Multiple TOCs:
· Help projects can include topics and chapters from other help projects and you can edit them in the same way as local topics. Snippets can be retrieved from a central repository and are updated automatically when the repository source changes. Help+Manual integrates multiple projects live. You see at design time how the merged content will look like.

Intuitive User Interface with Tabbed Editing:
· Help+Manual packs its powerful features in an easily-accessible and intuitive user interface. If you\'re comfortable with a modern word processor you\'ll feel at home right away. The familiar MS Office Ribbon interface makes it easy to find the functions you need, including all the specialized help authoring features that go far beyond what is possible in a word processor.

· You can edit multiple topics at the same time in multiple tabs. This is great for working on groups of related topics without losing track of what you are doing. And your projects and tabs are re-loaded automatically next time you start the program.

Multi-user Editing, Team Authoring:
· Work on your project in a team. With Help+Manual Professional, multiple authors can work on the same project at the same time. No databases or additional server components are required. Help+ Manual locks the topics that users are editing, presenting them in read-only mode to other users until the first user is finished. This is the perfect solution for documentation teams with up to around ten authors.

Version Control:
· Store your projects in a version control system for additional security and the ability to roll back to earlier versions. Help+Manual Professional has active support for Microsoft Visual SourceSafe and 100% compatibles. Topics are checked out of the version control database automatically when you edit them and are checked back in again when you save. Manual check-out is also available as an option, and multi-user editing is also supported in combination with version control, of course.

Translation:
· Translation and localization are key in today\'s globalized markets. Help+Manual Professional projects are 100% XML and can be translated directly by tools like SDL Trados (configuration files are included). There are no export/import or conversion hassles, no additional tools are required. The work is performed directly on your project. Help+Manual projects can also be translated directly by the ICanLocalize translation service.

· When you need to update your translation, the Project Synchronizer streamlines the process by creating an updated version for the translator to work on. It compares the new original with the old translation and prepares a new project with the material that needs to be updated and translated.

Professional Toolkit Included:
· Help+Manual is much more than a help authoring program, it is a full suite of tools. Everything you need is included in the price, along with free support. You get a screen capture utility, a configurable source code syntax highlighter with support for 53 programming languages and custom languages, a specialized graphics editor with layers for enhancing and annotating

Styles + Templates - Full design control made easy:
· Help+Manual separates formatting and layout from content. You control your formatting with styles as you would in a modern word processor. Changing the style definition updates the formatting everywhere. Similarly, page layout is stored in \"templates\" that you apply to your project when you publish. The templates are fully-editable: changing the template changes the layout for the entire project.

One-click HTML layout with skins:
· Help+Manual brings you closer to the ideal of one-click layout and formatting: In addition to fully customizable HTML and PDF templates, Help+Manual also supports “skins” for HTML-based output.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To know , learn and get all things come and join here
LOTS AND LOTS OF GREAT THINGS ARE HERE
               


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1400+ torrents                                                                                                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \\\"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\\\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\\\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\\\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\\\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\\\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\\\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\\\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \\\"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\\\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		