Killing Joke are an English post-punk band formed in October 1978 in Notting Hill, London, England. Other sources report the band formed in early 1979. Founding members Jaz Coleman (vocals, keyboards) and Geordie Walker (guitars) have been the only constant members.
A key influence on industrial rock, their early music was described by critics Stephen Thomas Erlewine and John Dougan as quasi-metal…dancing to a tune of doom and gloom, which gradually evolved over the years, incorporating elements of electronic music, synth-pop, gothic rock, and alternative rock, though always emphasising Coleman's "savagely strident vocals.  Finding modest commercial success, Killing Joke have influenced many later bands, such as Nirvana, Ministry, Amen, Lamb of God, Nine Inch Nails, Porcupine Tree, Napalm Death, Behemoth, Amebix, Big Black, Opeth, Murderdolls, Godflesh, Dead by April, Tool, Prong, Metallica, Franz Ferdinand, Primus, Jane's Addiction, Soundgarden, Foo Fighters, Faith No More, Blacklist, Shihad, Pitchshifter, Das Oath, Rammstein and Korn, all of whom have at some point cited some debt of gratitude to Killing Joke.

Absolute Dissent is the fourteenth studio album by Killing Joke. It represents the first studio album and the second recording, it was preceded by the In Excelsis EP on July 2010, in 28 years from the band's original line-up of Jaz Coleman (vocals), Kevin Geordie Walker (guitar), Martin Youth Glover (bass), and Paul Ferguson (drums). The album was going to be called Feast of Fools, but they decided to not use that track and they chose Absolute Dissent for the title of the album and of its opening track. The album was released on 27 September 2010 in the United Kingdom and Japan, and on 1 October in Europe on Spinefarm Records, marking the 30th Anniversary for Killing Joke. It was released in the United States in November 2010 and distributed worldwide via Universal Music Group. The album, which features twelve tracks, was engineered and mixed by Clive Goddard, and produced by the band.  (wikipedia)


 1. Absolute Dissent
 2. The Great Cull
 3. Frsh Fever In The Skies
 4. In Excelsis
 5. European Super state
 6. This World Hell
 7. Endgame
 8. The Raven King
 9. Honour The Fire
10. Depthcharge
11. Here Comes The Singularity
12. Ghost Of Ladbroke Grove
