
Plot:

De reeks draait rond FBI agente Olivia Dunham, de gestoorde professor Dr. Walter Bishop en zijn zoon Peter, die worden belast met een aantal vreemde zaken die over de hele wereld gebeuren. Al die vreemde gebeurtenissen zijn blijkbaar op de een of andere manier aan elkaar gelinkt: er is duidelijk 'een patroon' te herkennen dat over alle zaken heen loopt. Het patroon kan tevens gelinkt worden aan Massive Dynamic, een firma die een aantal patenten houdt op een aantal nieuwe technologieën en enkele mysterieuze onderzoeken doet. Alle zaken draaien rond Fringe science, een tak van de wetenschap die zeer speculatief en omstreden is. Voorbeelden van deze tak van de wetenschap zijn levitatie, telepathie en onzichtbaarheid.



Fringe: Seizoen 3 afl. 1 t/m 12




Seizoen 3, aflevering 1: Olivia
After the extraordinary turn of events that shockingly left an imprisoned Olivia "over there," she fights to find her way home. Meanwhile, 
Peter and Walter try to move on with their lives unknowingly alongside alternate Olivia.
	



Seizoen 3, aflevering 2: The Box
The story alternates to the Fringe Team "over here" where they investigate a mystifying case that people are discovered in a trance-like state that ultimately leads to their death. 
The unlikely suspect: a mysterious box. As Peter and Walter collaborate to study its properties, alternate Olivia presses on and turns up the heat on an unsuspecting Peter. 
Meanwhile, key information about the future is revealed when Walter and Nina meet at Massive Dynamic for the emotional reading of the last will and testament of William Bell.




Seizoen 3, aflevering 3: The Plateau
In this case, timing is everything as a series of anomalous events lead the Fringe Division to investigate deadly incidents with unimaginable coincidences. 
As the freaky crimes continue to occur, the team is in a race against time to protect potential victims. Meanwhile, 
Secretary Bishop shares his strategic plan with Colonel Broyles as Olivia grapples with a heart-stopping vision.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 4: Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep?
Newton, concerned about the consequences of a distressing development involving a high-ranking official, is forced to call to action a sleeping shapeshifter. 
As Walter and the rest of the team gather evidence, they move the investigation to Massive Dynamic, where Olivia goes on high alert and Walter finds himself in a perilous situation.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 5: Amber 31422
The alternate universe Fringe Division investigates a shocking breach of security when a twin frees his brother from a quarantined Amber area. 
As the team sets out to crack this sophisticated case, Walternate experiments over there more with Olivia as she reenters the tank. Meanwhile, visions of Peter continue to haunt Olivia about returning to the "other side."



	
Seizoen 3, aflevering 6: 6955 kHz
Back "over here," the Fringe Division investigates a bizarre phenomenon when 15 people up and down the Eastern Seaboard, 
all suffer retrograde amnesia from listening to their shortwave radios on the same frequency. Much to Walter's dismay, 
Peter presses on with piecing together the mass destruction device. Just as alternate Olivia and Peter's chemistry deepens, the anticipation of Olivia's return escalates.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 7: The Abducted
When a serial kidnapper "over there" strikes again, the emotional and familiar case hits home for Colonel Broyles, sending a determined Olivia to uncover additional details about the abductions. 
In the meantime, Olivia fights on and reunites with Henry to enlist his services on an intense and covert mission to return home.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 8: Entrada
Peter grapples with the aftermath of recent events as Olivia desperately searches for an ally. Meanwhile, the Fringe Team discovers a critical device that communicates between universes.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 9: Marionette
When the Fringe Team investigates a case where a victim had his heart extracted, it's just the beginning of a series of mysterious and reanimating events tied together. 
Meanwhile, Peter comes to terms with the reality of his relationship with Olivia.
	



Seizoen 3, aflevering 10: The Firefly
An Observer makes contact with the Fringe Team to help rectify a mistake. Meanwhile, Walter befriends Roscoe Joyce, keyboardist for Walter's favorite 1970s band, 
"Violet Sedan Chair." Walter will learn the real reason the band broke up, and realize that the lives of these two men, who have never met before, overlap in strange and unexpected ways.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 11: Reciprocity
When the Fringe Team visits Massive Dynamic's assembly of doomsday device, Walter becomes greatly concerned for Peter's well-being, 
so he turns to Nina for added brain power to understand the relationship between Peter and the super-weapon. Meanwhile, the discovery of a dead body triggers an intense investigation.


	

Seizoen 3, aflevering 12: Concentrate and Ask Again
When a scientist falls dead after ingesting a lethal cloud of blue powder and his bones disintegrate in his body, the CDC suspects a biological attack. 
As the Fringe Team investigates further, a subject from Walter's past with ties to Olivia reluctantly agrees to assist with the intense case.






Deze serie wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
ga dan eens naar http://www.hetmultimediacafe.nl

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs



 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1119644/