Carl Sifakis - The Encyclopedia of American Crime: volume 1 (2nd edition)
Publisher: Fаcts on Filе | 2001-06 | ISBN: 0816046336 | PDF | 996 pages | 7.56 MB


A welcome update of a standard resource. More than 2000 alphabetically arranged entries chronicle every conceivable manifestation of crime in the U.S. from the Salem witchcraft trials to today's cash-machine rackets. Articles range from a paragraph to more than a page, and most begin with a helpful identifying phrase. The writing is lively and informative, but in most cases assumes some familiarity with the subject. However, many relevant terms, such as bigamy, hoodlum, three-card monte, plea bargaining, and drygulch, have their own entries. The most significant revision is the inclusion of many biographies, on such figures from the last 20 years as the Mayflower Madam, John Gotti, Matthew Shepard, and Charles Keating. Unfortunately, unlike the 1982 edition, there is no indication on the spines as to which letters are covered in which volume. Scattered black-and-white photos and reproductions illustrate the text. A useful set for student reports, answering reference questions, or perusing for insights into the society we have created. Andrew Medlar, Chicago Public Library, IL
Freelance writer Sifakis (The Encyclopedia of Gambling; The Mafia Encyclopedia) has updated his fascinating reference work on crimes, criminals, lawyers, and lawmen. Arranged alphabetically and containing 182 photos and illustrations, the book has 2000 well-written, pithy entries. Crime stops for no one, and this second edition adds coverage of such recent developments as the O.J. Simpson trial, the Jean Harris trial, the Oklahoma City Bombing, female serial killers, and white-collar criminals. The book is exhaustive in scope, encompassing Bluebeard the pirate and turn-of-the-century criminals, as well as Mafia informer "Sammy the Bull" Gravano. The entry on Gravano, for example, conveys in 13 paragraphs the essence of the case against Mafia don John Gotti, as well as details of Gravano's life in the federal protection program. Sifakis has an eye for the telling quote by or about the colorful characters in this book, making for entertaining reading. Recommended for all libraries.DHarry Charles, Attorney at Law, St. Louis