"Scan ""Shell extension scan"" completed."
"No infection was found during this scan"
"Folders selected for scanning:";"C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\My Documents\Downloads\cispremium_installer_x86.exe;"
"Scan started:";"Thursday, January 06, 2011, 1:25:35 PM"
"Scan finished:";"Thursday, January 06, 2011, 1:25:40 PM (4 second(s))"
"Total object scanned:";"1"
"User who launched the scan:";"Administrator"


Comodo Internet Security 4.1.149672[Latest+Lifetime]
=======================================
Reference URL[HOMEPAGE] :  http://antivirus.comodo.com/internet-security-pro.php

BEST VIRUS PREVENTION TECHNOLOGY ON THE MARKET. GUARANTEED.
If conventional Antivirus software did a good job of protecting computers, millions of PCs wouldn't get infected with viruses, Trojans and other malware each year. 
Independent security experts state that over 50,000 viruses release daily. 
The truth is, the sophistication of many viruses, Trojans and worms has proven conventional Antivirus software ineffective.
This is because most Antivirus software battles threats they know, but not new ones they've never encountered. 
And this strategy leaves open a window of vulnerability from unknown threats that can last for hours or even days.
Comodo has a better strategy to close the window of vulnerability of PCs from unknown threats. 
It's based on the concept of prevention, not detection. 
Comodo Internet Security Pro 2011 features Defense+ technology that includes two advanced technologies Default Deny Protection™ and patent-pending Auto Sandbox Technology™. 
Default Deny Protection™ reviews every file trying to run on your PC sorting all safe, unsafe and questionable files. 
Questionable files are then isolated by our Auto Sandbox Technology™ to automatically segregate such files so they can't harm your PC.

COMODO INTERNET SECURITY + GEEKBUDDY: A WINNING COMBINATION
Did you ever think a security suite could configure a new printer? 
Or perform regular, expert tune-ups to keep a PC working fast? 
Comodo Internet Security Pro 2011 can, because it's more than a security suite. 
It includes 24/7 access to a GeekBuddy, Comodo's livePCsupport service.
Comodo security experts provide you remote, expert support for your computer, 24/7/365. 
Our highly trained PC experts can securely access and take over your PC remotely, sparing you from the frustration and anxiety of doing software repairs yourself. 
Just click the Live Support icon and within seconds a chat window appears. 
Type your question or a description of your PC problem, and our experts take it from there. 
You just sit back and watch your PC problem get solved!

Comodo Internet Security Pro 2011 Features :
Defense+ Technology
Breakthrough, Patent-Pending Technology That Eliminates the Possibility of Virus Infection.
This proactive system automatically isolates threats from untrusted files so they can't cause harm. 
Defense+ combines two unique and powerful technologies, Default Deny Protection™ and Auto Sandbox Technology™ to COMPLETELY prevent infections, not just detect them.

Auto Sandbox Technology™
A NEW COMODO EXCLUSIVE!
Guesswork-Free Proactive Protection with Minimal Interruptions.
Comodo's unique Auto Sandbox Technology™ automates the decision process regarding blocking or allowing untrusted files, so you never have to worry about making the wrong call. 
It frees you from intimidating pop-ups by placing questionable files in an isolated environment where they can run with limited rights allowing you to continue working.

Complete Malware Protection
Total Protection From Every Source of Infection.
Provides protection from all types of malware (viruses, spyware, Trojans etc) regardless of the source, including email, IM, downloads, browser, external drives, CD roms etc. 

Antivirus
Tracks Down and Destroys Any Existing Malware Hiding in Your PC.
Cleans your PC of malware through periodic scans that are scheduled at your convenience in real-time, and are continually updated with the very newest virus definitions.

Award-Winning Firewall
Renowned Comodo Firewall Blocks Unauthorized Access, Unknown Threats, Even Hacker Attacks.
Comodo's Firewall consistently ranks among the highest in industry tests and is used by over 30 million users worldwide.

TrustConnect Wi-Fi Data Encryption
HOT SPOT PROTECTION. ESSENTIAL FOR LAPTOPS & NETBOOKS.
TrustConnect Offers Hot Spot Protection
Complete protection against electronic eavesdropping, wherever you are, whether you're using a public Wi-Fi connection or not. 
No one can intercept or steal information sent or received during your online sessions. 
It's like a personal VPN encrypting all data that is transmitted over the internet.
    Airports and Convention Centers
    Coffee Shops and Restaurants
     Hotel Rooms
    Any Public Network
    
GeekBuddy livePCsupport
Instant, 24/7 Remote Expert Support for Your PC Problems
Instantly connect to a Comodo security expert via a secure Click 'n Chat desktop application that will address and fix your PC problems, 
help you configure and setup your software, and even perform a full PC maintenance service.
   Services include:
Remote Security Setup: Installation and custom configuration of Comodo security products for maximum security protection.
PC Tune Up: Expert evaluation and optimization of your computer to improve speed and stability.
Software Installation: Installation and custom configuration of software products, printer and wireless network configuration, etc.
Green PC Optimization: Have your PC settings optimized to conserve energy and save money on your electric bill.
Internet Login Protection: Activation of your computer's basic security settings to prevent loss of sensitive data and identity theft.
Computer Troubleshooting: Checking basic hardware conflicts in Windows.
... and much more.
Speed
Designed for Optimal Speed and PC Performance.
Comodo Antivirus is fast and light. MaximumPC Magazine recently said, "If overall scan speed were the Kentucky Derby, this would be the thoroughbred to bet on."


INSTALLATION :
1.  Just run the installer as it's a premium installer, no key , no crack , no patch required.
2. In Vista and Windows 7 don't forget to run as "ADMIN" otherwise you may have some issues and problems.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


this is rather good