TORRENT CONTAINS AVI AND M4V FORMATS.

Icons is the new Razors team video by KFC’s Adam Johnson. Adam used “the Leap of Faith landed” as an advertising phrase for this video. Unfortunately a lot of guys didn’t find it funny that he ‘just’ filmed 5 even sicker gaps instead of the real leap of faith… the ‘real’ Leap of Faith has never and will never be landed. But let’s not spend too much time on unnecessary things.
Intro: At first the intro seems a bit boring but suddenly the entertainment starts. Adam chose some pretty gnarly falls to make sure everybody is wide awake. The music makes everything appear even more dramatic. But the intro does not only show falls. It also features one of the sickest gaps to bank I have ever seen in a video!

Eric Perkett: Eric Perkett is known for doing every gnarly gap you put in front of him. This is also what he does in his Icons section. Sometimes his skates look pretty big. I guess this might be because of the five inch shock absorbers Eric needs. I thought that this section would be all about huge gaps but Eric has also put in some sweet grinds to make his section even sicker. 

Montage: What I like about this section is that Razors does not only show clips of their own riders. Tons of people in this section ride for other boot sponsors. Erik Bailey, Alex Broskow, Mike Lilly, Chris Farmer and others appear. Jeremy Spira owns this section. This dude does some really good tricks and it is a shame that he, Dustin Halleran and Brent Hicks don’t have their own sections. To finish this section Adam put in a few bangers by Jon Jon Bolino and one trick by Brett Dasovic. Brett’s trick is so damn stylish… buy this video!

Stefan Horngacher: Stefan Horngacher is a stunt-machine as well as one of the nicest people I have ever met. His section is all about crazy stunts. He could be compared to how BJ Bernhardt was a few years ago but with way more style! Horn also shows totally new ways to skate a spine mini-ramp. He also grinds rails up which most people wouldn’t even grind down! Horn finishes his section with an incredibly sick disaster Royal. I have already been at this spot once and thought about how sick and how impossible it would be to do this disaster. Horn made my dream come true… 

Dre Powell: Powell’s section is short but sweet. This is the best section he had in a very long time. He does everything tech hurricane grind, 360 tricks on handrails as well as some big stuff. I really underestimated Dre Powell… this guy is sick! Perhaps this section turned out so well because of his magic gloves!?

 Murda: Murdas section is simply insane. This guy is easily the best curb skater of all times. But also the tricks he does on rails make it hard to believe that he is human. Can someone please explain to me how you can come up with an idea like fakie 270 BS Backslide to Rocket Fishy on a handrail? But his skating is not the best thing in his section. The best thing is that he makes rollerblading look like a lot of fun. You can see that he’s having a good time while he’s skating.

Brian Aragon: He is one of the most successful skaters of the last decade. His skating is fast, precise, perfect and sick as hell. If you are not able to do a Topacid to True Fishy up a stair-ledge you are no where near his level. This Aragon section shows what we are used to see from this guy. His tricks combine huge skating and technical switches. The song by Kanye West is a perfect choice and makes his section simply amazing.

Don Bambrick: Don’s section in Accidental Machines was really cool. But with his Icons section he tops everything he ever came up with. His skating is amazing and I’m pretty sure his knees are made of some kind of metal. Otherwise he could never take the impact of some of the gaps he does. Don’s skating looks a lot better with Razors skates than it did with Salomons.

Icons is one of this years top releases. Unfortunately some Razors riders do not have sections. But the ones that have sections make the DVD worth buying. I have heard other filmers say that Icons is not filmed very good and some other stuff. But hey, who cares as long as the DVD is fun to watch and the skating looks amazing? Buy this DVD! It is worth every penny!


Enjoy and please seed. If you like what you see check out my Rollin Blog, http://nsskatesessions.blogspot.com/  