Photo Stamp Remover 3.1 Multilingual Portable

Photo Stamp Remover is a photo correction utility that can remove scratches, dust, stains, wrinkles, tears, date stamps and other unwanted artifacts that appear on photographs. Offering a fully automatic process, the program uses an intelligent restoration technology to fill the selected area with the texture generated from the pixels around the selection, so that the defect blends into the rest of the image naturally. What takes hours to correct using the clone tool, can be accomplished in a minute using Photo Stamp Remover.

Rejuvenate old photos

Most families have hundreds of photos that they would like to preserve for a lifetime of enjoyment. Unfortunately, many of them sit in albums, books, or lay loose in boxes, getting scratches and accumulating dirt. Fortunately, there's Photo Stamp Remover. Just scan photos into the computer and use the watermark remover to clean up scratches, cracks, and dust spots.
watermark remover startRemove defects with a mouse click

With Photo Stamp Remover, you can restore photos with the minimum of fuss. Just open a photo in the program, select the area that needs to be restored and click Preview. If you like what you see, click Start. That's basically all you need to do. Using its advanced restoration algorithm, the program removes the imperfection automatically. Defects blend into the background cleanly.
watermark remover startRemove artifacts by color

You can select the unwanted artifact manually or select the color and watermark remover will remove the artifact that has the same color. For example, it can help you to remove from a photograph text and date stamps that have the same, solid black color.
watermark remover startRetouch more than one photo

With its batch mode support, watermark remover enables you to process more than one photo at a time. For example, you can remove a date stamp, which your camera left on several photos. Simply define the area where the stamp is located and begin the healing process. Photo Stamp Remover will remove the date stamp on all photos automatically while you're sipping your coffee.
watermark remover startNo need to install large photo editors

Photo Stamp Remover is primarily aimed at everyday, casual camera owners who just want to remove some imperfections from photos without having to buy a more feature-rich photo editing suite and mess around with its user manual to get started.


Home Page - http://www.softorbits.com/

