There is one rule in the game. And it needs to be broken.

There is one goal. And when you attain it, you die.

Six sisters live in an apartment in the city. One by one their mother sends them on an errand to their grandmother, who is sick and bedridden. The teenagers are instructed to go to grandmother's house deep in the forest and, by all means, to stay on the path! Wolves are hiding in the woods, just waiting for little girls to stray. Will they be able to resist the temptations of the forest? Will they stay clear of danger? Can they prevent the ancient tale from being retold? The Path is a game about growing, about changing, about making choices, about accepting the consequences of these choices.

The Path is a short horror game inspired by older versions of Little Red Riding hood, set in modern day. The Path offers an atmospheric experience of exploration, discovery and introspection through a unique form of gameplay, designed to immerse you deeply into its dark themes. Every interaction in the game expresses an aspect of the narrative. The six protagonists each have their own age and personality and allow the player to live through the tale in different ways. Most of the story, however, relies on your active imagination.

The Path is designed with accessibility in mind. There are no ticking clocks or monsters to defeat. No hard puzzles will ever halt your progress. Most activities in the game are entirely optional and voluntary. The player has all the freedom in the world to explore and experience.

The Path is an independently created video game. It was developed with digital distribution in mind. The characters in this virtual world, including the player's avatars, are governed by a form of artificial intelligence that gives them some autonomy. As a result, nobody knows exactly what you will encounter on your journeys.

Next to the multi-layered stylized graphics, The Path features a continuous soundtrack composed by goth rock diva Jarboe (ex-Swans). In fact, there are hardly any sound effects in the game. Instead the music is continuously changing according to what is happening in the game. Like the behaviours of the characters, the music too is never exactly the same twice.

The Path was developed by Tale of Tales.

System Requirements
&gt; Mac OS X 10.6.6 or later (Server version not officially supported)
&gt; RAM: 1GB or greater
&gt; GRAPHICS: ATI X1600 or NVIDIA 7300 GT or greater

More Information
&gt; Visit The Path at http://thepath-game.com/
&gt; Visit Tale of Tales at http://www.tale-of-tales.com/
&gt; Visit TransGaming Inc. at http://www.transgaming.com/