With a new production of Frankenstein opened at The National Theatre directed by Danny Boyle - Radio 4 presents a reading by
Emilia Fox of the only other finished work of fiction by the celebrated author of Frankenstein - Mary Shelley.

[…]Mary Shelley's publisher father, known for his own subversive books -not only refused to publish Mathilda when she sent it to
him early in 1820, he also refused to return her only copy of the manuscript, calling it 'disgusting and detestable'. The work
was never published in her lifetime and was only brought to light in the early 1950's when it was unearthed in the
Bodleian Library, Oxford.

In our own times the novella doesn't seem nearly so shocking - but her father's attempted suppression is perhaps understandable:
unlike Frankenstein, written a year earlier, Mathilda uses fantasy to study a far more personal reality. As she lies on her
deathbed, the narrator tells her story. […]

Yet, despite characters clearly based on herself, her father, and her husband, the narrator lifts the story beyond
autobiographical resonance into something more transcendent: a passionate tale of a brave woman's search for love, atonement,
and redemption.

From her deathbed in an isolated country cottage, Mathilda, a young gentlewoman with a tragic past, sets out to tell her
closest friend and the wider public the secret behind her long depression and self imposed seclusion.....

Abridged by Eileen Horne
Read by Emilia Fox

Produced by Clive Brill
A Pacificus Production for BBC Radio 4.

Broadcast 21 - 25 Mar 2011 @ 22:45 on BBC Radio 4
Some blurb withheld for spoilers.

* Episode 1[/b]
1/5. Emilia Fox reads the only completed novella by celebrated author Mary Shelley.

* Episode 2[/b]
2/5. Mathilda and her father enjoy high society together in London, until he suddenly changes. 
Mathilda and her father enjoy high society together in London, until a sudden reversal in his behaviour; he begins to shun her
without reason. Mathilda is devastated. What can be the reason for this extraordinary volte face?

* Episode 3[/b]
3/5. After hearing her father's devastating confession, Mathilda finds that he has fled. 
After hearing her father's devastating confession - Mathilda finds her father has fled during the night, leaving her a letter
instructing her not to follow him and begging her forgiveness. She immediately gives chase in the midst of a howling storm -
but will she arrive in time?

* Episode 4[/b]
4/5. Mathilda longs to escape her anxious relatives who are mystified by her father's suicide. 
A mournful Mathilda longs to escape her concerned relatives who have no idea why her father killed himself. She fakes her
own suicide and escapes with a modest sum to live on a remote heath in the North of England, alone with her memories of joy
and tragedy.

After two years, just when she longs for a friend, she meets the young poet Woodville. He tries to lift her out of despair -
but will she confide in him?

* Episode 5[/b]
5/5. Unable to trust anyone with her secret, Mathilda decides to test Woodville's friendship. 
Unable to trust anyone with her secret - Mathilda decides to test Woodville's friendship and love for her by asking him to join
her in committing suicide; he desperately tries to persuade her that this is a selfish act - but she then immediately falls ill.

As she contemplates death - but a possible joyful reunion with her father - she finally puts her story down on paper for all
the world to know...

Abridged by Eileen Horne
Read by Emilia Fox

Produced by Clive Brill
A Pacificus Production for BBC Radio 4.


Enjoy and Seed!!