9 books on religion (bible contradictions, religious history, Koran) - epubs:


Holy Enigma! Bible Verses You'll Never Hear in Sunday School - Steve Ward

The Holy Bible is an idol to some, a dust-magnet to others, and an enigma to many. Is it word for word "God breathed," as claimed by the apostle Paul? Holy Enigma! examines the Bible through the discerning eyes of a lifelong believer, one who loves the "Good Book" enough to probe its eccentricities without condemning its virtues. Believe it or not, the "Greatest Story Ever Told" has a dark side. That's right, verse after verse, the Bible is chock-full of fascinating, sometimes shocking and almost never discussed lexis, you'll never hear in Sunday school.
A distinctive Bible study, Holy Enigma! takes a fresh look at the ancient stories of the Near East. It introduces candor, humor, and commonsense into a careful assessment of "God's word." In a heartfelt desire to spawn new interest in the Bible, the author opens a Pandora's Box by suggesting that belief in every biblical word insults the majesty of the Creator. Exploring the most bizarre passages, this work stands firm against evangelicals who flaunt the "dogma of inerrancy." Holy Enigma! is sure to astonish and entertain while inspiring deep reflection for believers and nonbelievers alike.


Koran Curious - A guide for infidels and believers - CJ Werleman

'Koran Curious' is arguably the most concise examination of the Islamic faith on bookshelves today. Werleman bravely goes where only angels dare tread, and he does so in a manner that Muslims will find revealing in regards to the historical origins of their own faith. An end-to-end read of 'Koran Curious' will leave you with not only a deep-level understanding of Islam, it will also explain why the world's fastest growing religion has indeed been hijacked and misinterpreted by Islamic extremists and Christian-Jewish influences alike.


Problems of Philosophy - Bertrand Russell (Free on Kindle, but I included it for those that need the epub for their device)

The Problems of Philosophy (1912) is one of Bertrand Russell's attempts to create a brief and accessible guide to the problems of philosophy. Focusing on problems he believes will provoke positive and constructive discussion, Russell concentrates on knowledge rather than metaphysics: If it is uncertain that external objects exist, how can we then have knowledge of them but by probability. There is no reason to doubt the existence of external objects simply because of sense data.
Russell guides the reader through his famous 1910 distinction between "knowledge by acquaintance and knowledge by description" and introduces important theories of Plato, Aristotle, René Descartes, David Hume, John Locke, Immanuel Kant, G. W. F. Hegel and others to lay the foundation for philosophical inquiry by general readers and scholars alike.
“ In the following pages I have confined myself in the main to those problems of philosophy in regard to which I thought it possible to say something positive and constructive, since merely negative criticism seemed out of place. For this reason, theory of knowledge occupies a larger space than metaphysics in the present volume, and some topics much discussed by philosophers are treated very briefly, if at all.


Bible Contradictions - Greg Vanden Berge

Have you ever wondered whether there are or are not contradictions in the Holy Bible? Well, I'm going to let you be the judge and jury and figure it out for yourself. This is the first book in a new series about Bible contradictions and there will be more to come.
The definition of a contradiction is simple, any statement that is inconsistent or illogical and incongruent with another one. All dogs are white and the statement some dogs are brown are contradictions.
It doesn't matter whether you're Jewish, Christian or Muslim, the contents inside of this book are literally shocking. If you're interested in learning more about the Holy Bible and are a faithful follower of Jehovah, Jesus or Allah, this book will provide you with plenty of fascinating facts.
Greg Vanden Berge was a Christian until the age of 17, when he found it necessary to start asking important questions about his spiritual beliefs. He discovered some interesting facts about Christianity and started writing about them a few years ago.


Bible Dilemma, The - M.L. Gutierrez

The Bible Dilemma is a compilation of Bible verses that shows the following:

1. Historical contradictions, inconsistencies and discrepancies within the Bible and with recorded history
2. Failed promises and prophecies
3. Misquoted statements within the Bible
4. Borrowed and alluded statements within the Bible
5. Borrowed and alluded statements from non-biblical sources
6. Stories and legends similar to the Bible
7. Who are the gods mentioned in the Bible
8. The 72 names of God derived from the book of Exodus
9. The nature and character of God as depicted in the Bible
10. Scientific errors and arguments
11. Conflicting arguments within the Bible about Jesus Christ being the Messiah
12. Non-existing books or books that may have been lost through time that are mentioned in the Bible
13. What the Bible says about salvation
14. Doctrines and belief systems concerning Jesus Christ
15. Catholic dogmas about Mary
16. Other topics such as the trial of Galileo, the conviction of Joan of Arc, the Liberty Bell, the Wandering Jew and the Spear of Destiny



God Against The Gods - Jonathan Kirsch
(The History of the War Between Monotheism and Polytheism)

The story of the suppression of polytheistic religions in the ancient world by the ever more powerful monotheistic religions is well known. Kirsch (The Harlot by the Side of the Road) offers his own version of this oft-told tale in a lively and engaging chronicle. Although many scholars point to Israel as the fount of monotheism, Kirsch shows that the earliest impulses toward monotheism can be found in Egypt with pharaoh Akhenaton's attempt to move the nation to the worship of one god. This Egyptian likely influenced Moses, according to Kirsch, and much of the history of early Israel is the history of the worship of one god emerging out of the worship of many gods. Monotheism gained momentum with the development of Christianity and was codified under Constantine. His son Julian strove to return polytheism to the scene by issuing edicts of toleration concerning polytheistic religious customs, but Julian's successor Theodosius I restored monotheism as the official practice of the Empire. Kirsch helpfully points out that the conflict between the worship of many gods and the worship of one true god never disappeared from the lives of Israelites, Jews, or Christians, in spite of many historians' claims to the contrary. In addition, Kirsch observes that monotheistic religions have too often used the worship of one god as a way to persecute those who do not share similar beliefs. While Kirsch breaks no new ground, he demonstrates clearly the ways in which this conflict gave rise to the tensions that exist even within monotheistic religions today.


Grand Inquisitor's Manual, The - Jonathan Kirsch
(A History of Terror in the Name of God)

Mention the Inquisition to any informed person and you're likely to garner a response somewhere between horror and disgust. Kirsch, a prolific writer and documenter of our past (A History of the End of the World; Gods Against the Gods), offers up an amazing recounting of the abuses by clergy and state in those terrible times. Clinical in its descriptions, the narrative's lively and crisp prose brings us right into the torture chamber, shining a much-needed light into the mindset of the church and its representatives. Alarmingly, the author insists that although the Inquisition is but a memory for us today, the inquisitional mindset is alive and well. Kirsch discovers many examples in more modern and familiar history: the Salem witch trials, Hitler's Germany, Roosevelt's placing Japanese-Americans in interment camps and Senator McCarthy's Communist-hunting. All of these injustices, he says, find their root in the same sense of power and privilege. Kirsch's forceful and cautionary account is essential reading for historians and anyone who wants to understand the potential dark side of religion.



History of the End of the World, A - Jonathan Kirsch
(How the Most Controversial Book in the Bible Changed the Course of Western Civilization)

The question of how and when the world will end has captivated thinkers for centuries. Wars, natural disasters, social upheaval and personal suffering often send believers back to the writings of their prophets and seers, whose gift is to bring satisfying answers to such questions. The book most studied in the Western tradition is Revelation, the last entry in the Christian canon. Kirsch, an attorney and book columnist for the Los Angeles Times, takes the reader on a delightful 2,000-year journey as he explores a text he describes as "a romantic tale, full of intrigue and suspense" and shows how churches, philosophers, clergy and armchair interpreters have promoted their political, social and religious agendas based on their belief that the end was imminent. Some of this history can be quite sobering, as the powerful have waged wars and built societies based on their varying perceptions of Revelation's message. However, consistent with Kirsch's earlier literary efforts, in particular The Harlot by the Side of the Road, the author exercises great care while treating his material with both sobriety and a healthy sense of the ironic. Written clearly and for a general audience, this is a fine book that merits wide readership.


Heathen's Guide to World Religions - William Hopper
(A Secular History of the One True Faiths)

It is a humorous look at the history of the Jewish, Christian, Islamic, Buddhist and Hindu faiths.




Enjoy and Seed!!