Acronis® Disk Director® 11 Home



Your most complete Disk Management
Toolbox

Acronis® Disk Director® 11 Home is an all-new version 
of the most feature-rich disk management product 
available. If you're serious about maximizing
disk use and data safety, it's never been
easier to create hard disk partitions or resize, 
move or merge partitions without data loss. Acronis 
Disk Director 11 Home includes powerful new features like
Windows® 7 support, Dynamic Disk and GPT disk support, spanning a volume across multiple disks and much more.

Features and Benefits

New! Full Windows 7 Support
Acronis supports all Windows operating systems back to Windows XP.

Resize, split and merge volumes
It's easy to adjust a volume's size, break it up or merge volumes with no loss of data integrity, and no need to reinstall operating system and applications.

Create, convert, copy and move volumes
Make adjustments more easily than is possible with built-in disk management tools.

Install multiple operating systems on one PC.
Try new operating systems without impacting your current system with Acronis OS Selector.

New! Add/break mirrored volumes *
Adding mirrored volumes builds redundancy for greater fault tolerance.

Use with Acronis® True Image Home 2011
When used with Acronis Disk Director 11 Home, it provides comprehensive partition management and system protection.

New! Clone disk to a replacement HDD
No need to spend hours installing your old disk's operating system and applications. Disk cloning returns you to action on the new disk in just minutes.

New! Dynamic disk support *
Using Partition Management, carry out volume resizing, copying and other functions you'd perform with basic disks on Dynamic Disks too

New! Convert basic disk to dynamic and vice versa
As your requirements change, you can quickly convert between basic and dynamic disks in just moments.

New! Span volume across multiple physical disks
Supports up to 32 disks.

New! Convert MBR disk to GPT and vice versa
Take advantage of GPT disks' ability to run partitions larger than 2TB with a quick conversion function.

New! GPT disks support
Frees you from the 2TB partition limit size imposed by MBR disk layouts.

Boot from CD/DVD, USB stick or USB drive
Use whatever medium is most convenient.

System Requirements

Supported operating systems

Windows® 7 (all editions)
Windows Vista (all editions)
Windows XP (all editions)
Minimum hardware requirements

Boot firmware: Bios-based *
Computer processor: modern processor, 800Mhz or faster
System memory: 256MB
Screen resolution: 800x600 pixels
Installation disk space: 150MB
Other: Mouse
* Machines that are based on Extensible Firmware Interface (EFI) are not supported

Recommended hardware requirements

Computer processor: 1Ghz 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor
System memory: 512MB or more
Screen resolution: 1024x768 or higher
CD / DVD recording drive, or a flash drive for bootable media creation
Supported file systems

FAT16
FAT32
NTFS
Ext2
Ext3
ReiserFS3
Linux SWAP

All my uploads are for those people who cannot afford to buy them,who don't have credit cards and the product is not available in the market.



                            Kkeibul
