Oingo Boingo - Stay [Farewell concert 1995].VOB


HQ rare live performance music video. This is from Farewell: Live From The Universal Amphitheatre, Halloween 1995, a double live album and video of Oingo Boingo's final concert performance.

"Stay" is a song from Dead Man's Party, the fourth album by Oingo Boingo, released in 1985. It is considered by some to be their breakthrough, due to the inclusion of songs from this album in two movies. The title track was used in the film Back to School (wherein Boingo performs the song at a party) and the dancing skeletons in its music video became one of the most recognized symbols of the band. It was also used in the Chuck TV series in "Chuck Versus the Couch Lock". The album also includes the song "Weird Science" which was written for the John Hughes film of the same name and later the television series on the USA network. Another track, "No One Lives Forever" was used in the 1986 Cannon Group production of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 and Casper: A Spirited Beginning, a direct to video release from Twentieth Century Fox and Saban Entertainment in 1997. It is also used as the theme for the October 29, 2010 episode of Rachael Ray.

Oingo Boingo was an American new wave band. They are best known for their influence on other musicians, their soundtrack contributions and their high energy Halloween concerts. The band was founded in 1972 as a performance art group called The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo, and from 1976 it was led by songwriter/vocalist Danny Elfman, who has since achieved substantial renown as a composer for film and television.

The group's format changed twice. In 1979, it changed from a semi-theatrical music and comedy troupe into a ska-influenced New Wave octet and shortened their name to Oingo Boingo. In 1994, the band reshuffled its lineup, adopted an alternative rock sound and rechristened themselves Boingo. The band retired after a farewell concert on Halloween 1995, having reverted to the name Oingo Boingo for the concert.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farewell_(Oingo_Boingo_album) 
      
http://bayimg.com/eADngaADm 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 4000kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:03:55




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
