Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Series Of Dreams" is a song written and composed by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. Originally recorded for his 26th album Oh Mercy and produced by Daniel Lanois, this song was never used in the album but was later included in Bootleg Series Volumes 1-3 and Bootleg Series Volume 8. A 1993 live version of the song is included in one of Dylan's "unofficial" bootleg albums The Genuine Bootleg Series Take 2. According to the booklet in Bootleg Series Volumes 1-3 it was recorded on March 23, 1989. It is one of Dylan's major work in 80s and has a surrealistic lyrics which differs from Dylan's earlier surrealistic songs such as "Desolation row" and "Visions of Johanna".

One of Dylan's most ambitious compositions, "Series of Dreams" is given a tumultuous production from Lanois. The lyrics are fairly straightforward, giving a literal description of the turmoil encountered by the narrator during a "series of dreams." However, the descriptions quickly unfold into a set of highly evocative verses.

In his autobiography Chronicles, Vol. 1, Dylan wrote about the song's recording,

    "although Lanois liked the song, he liked the bridge better, wanted the whole song to be like that. I knew what he meant, but it just couldn't be done. Though I thought about it for a second, thinking that I could probably start with the bridge as the main part and use the main part as the bridge...the idea didn't amount to much and thinking about the song this way wasn't healthy. I felt like it was fine the way it was — didn't want to lose myself in thinking too much about changing it." 

During a Sound Opinions interview broadcast on Chicago FM radio, Lanois told Chicago Tribune critic Greg Kot that "Series of Dreams" was his pick for the opening track, but ultimately, the final decision was Dylan's. NPR's Tim Riley would echo these sentiments, writing that "'Series of Dreams' should have been the working title song to Oh Mercy, not a leftover pendant."

Oh Mercy is singer-songwriter Bob Dylan's 26th studio album, released by Columbia Records in September 1989.

Produced by Daniel Lanois, critics hailed the record as a triumph for Dylan, after a string of weaker-reviewed albums. Oh Mercy gave Dylan his best chart showing in years reaching #30 on the Billboard charts in the US and #6 in the UK.

The Bootleg Series Volumes 1–3 is a compilation box set by Bob Dylan, issued on Columbia Records, catalogue C3K 86572. It is the first installment in the Dylan bootleg series, comprising material spanning the first three decades of his career, from 1961 to 1989. It has been certified with a gold record by the RIAA as of August 1997, and peaked at #49 on the Billboard 200 and #32 in the UK.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/