From Wikipedia

Unprecedented Calendar Year Golden Slam : 1988
 




A picture of a decaying scoreboard in Seoul, taken nearly 20 years after the tournament happened, that documents Graf\\\'s triumph there. 
Graf started 1988 by winning the Australian Open, defeating Chris Evert in the final 6–1, 7–6. Graf did not lose a set during the tournament and lost a total of only 29 games.
 
Graf lost twice to Gabriela Sabatini during the spring, once on hardcourts in Boca Raton, Florida and once on clay at Amelia Island, Florida. Graf, however, won the tournament in San Antonio, Texas and retained her title in Miami, where she once again defeated Evert in the final. Graf then won the tournament in Berlin, losing only twelve games in five matches.
 
At the French Open, Graf successfully defended her title by defeating Natasha Zvereva 6–0, 6–0 in a 32-minute final.[10] That was the first double bagel in a Grand Slam final since 1911.[10] Zvereva, who had eliminated Martina Navratilova in the fourth round, won only thirteen points in the match.[10]
 
Next came Wimbledon, where Navratilova had won six straight titles. Graf was trailing Navratilova in the final 7–5, 2–0 before winning the match 5–7, 6–2, 6–1. She then won tournaments in Hamburg and Mahwah (where she lost only eight games all tournament).
 
At the US Open, Graf defeated Sabatini in a three-set final to win the Calendar Year Grand Slam, a feat previously performed by only two other women, Maureen Connolly Brinker in 1953 and Margaret Court in 1970.
 
Graf then defeated Sabatini 6–3, 6–3 in the gold medal match at the Olympic Games in Seoul and achieved what the media had dubbed the \\\"Golden Slam\\\".
 
Graf also won her only Grand Slam doubles title that year—at Wimbledon partnering Sabatini—and picked up a women\\\'s doubles Olympic bronze medal.
 
At the year-ending Virginia Slims Championships, Graf was upset by Pam Shriver, only her third loss of the year. She was named the 1988 BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year.
