Now often cited as one of the greatest films ever made, Jean Renoir's La Règle du jeu/Rules of the Game was not warmly received on its original release in 1939: audiences at its opening engagements in Paris were openly hostile, responding to the film with shouts of derision, and distributors cut the movie from 113 minutes to a mere 80. It was banned as morally perilous during the German occupation and the original negative was destroyed during WWII. It wasn't until 1956 that Renoir was able to restore the film to its original length. In retrospect, this reaction seems both puzzling and understandable; at its heart, Rules of the Game is a very moral film about frequently amoral people. A comedy of manners whose wit only occasionally betrays its more serious intentions, it contrasts the romantic entanglements of rich and poor during a weekend at a country estate. André Jurieu (Roland Toutain), a French aviation hero, has fallen in love with Christine de la Chesnaye (Nora Gregor), who is married to wealthy aristocrat Marquis Robert de la Chesnaye (Marcel Dalio). Robert, however, has a mistress of his own, whom he invites to a weekend hunting party at his country home, along with André and his friend Octave (played by Jean Renoir himself). Meanwhile, the hired help have their own game of musical beds going on: a poacher is hired to work as a servant at the estate and immediately makes plans to seduce the gamekeeper's wife, while the gamekeeper recognizes him only as the man who's been trying to steal his rabbits. Among the upper classes, infidelity is not merely accepted but expected; codes are breached not by being unfaithful, but by lacking the courtesy to lie about it in public. The weekend ends in a tragedy that suggests that this way of life may soon be coming to an end. Renoir's witty, acidic screenplay makes none of the characters heroes or villains, and his graceful handling of his cast is well served by his visual style. He tells his story with long, uninterrupted takes using deep focus (cinematographer Jean Bachelet proves a worthy collaborator here), following the action with a subtle rhythm that never calls attention to itself. The sharply-cut hunting sequence makes clear that Renoir avoided more complex editing schemes by choice, believing that long takes created a more lifelike rhythm and reduced the manipulations of over-editing. Rules of the Game uses WWI as an allegory for WWII, and its representation of a vanishing way of life soon became all too true for Renoir himself, who, within a year of the film's release, was forced to leave Europe for the United States.

   General
      Complete name : La regle du jeu.mkv
      Format : Matroska
      File size : 4.36 GiB
      Duration : 1h 46mn
      Overall bit rate : 5 860 Kbps
      Movie name : CC
      Encoded date : UTC 2011-11-20 16:23:25
      Writing application : mkvmerge v4.6.0 ('Still Crazy After All These Years') built on Mar 10 2011 02:50:32
      Writing library : libebml v1.2.0 + libmatroska v1.1.0
   Video #1
      ID : 1
      Format : AVC
      Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
      Format profile : High@L4.0
      Format settings, CABAC : Yes
      Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
      Muxing mode : Container profile=Unknown@4.0
      Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
      Duration : 1h 46mn
      Nominal bit rate : 5 725 Kbps
      Width : 960 pixels
      Height : 720 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.345
      Writing library : x264 core 114 r1924 08d04a4      
   Audio #2
      ID : 2
      Format : AAC
      Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
      Format version : Version 4
      Format profile : LC
      Format settings, SBR : No
      Format settings, PS : Yes
      Codec ID : A_AAC
      Duration : 1h 46mn
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Channel positions : Front: L R
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Resolution : 16 bits
      Language : French
   Text #3
      ID : 3
      Format : VobSub
      Codec ID : S_VOBSUB
      Codec ID/Info : The same subtitle format used on DVDs
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0031885/

Language: French
Subtitles: English (muxed in mkv), Spanish and Portuguese (srt)

Posted originally at KG by klankking, whom we thank