Sharing Hope for Today
We are so thankful for the opportunity to share the greatest message of all with individuals, families and communities all over the world. This ministry is committed to helping people from all walks of life experience the unconditional love and unending hope found only in a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.

We are sharing this hope with others by providing the basic necessities of food, clothing and medical supplies to those in need. We are using television, internet, podcasts and other new technologies to reach others with the Good News of the gospel. We are dedicated to helping people everywhere be inspired and rediscover their true purpose in life.

Reaching the Unreached, Telling the Untold
Millions Are Watching
God is doing amazing things through our television ministry. We are reaching into 200 million homes all across America and over 100 nations. Lives are being changed, relationships are being restored and communities are being transformed by the power of God and the message of hope that is being broadcast through this ministry.

48 Million Podcasts
The Bible says that "faith comes by hearing the Word of God", and each week over than one million people are hearing God’s Word by downloading our audio and video podcast, making our podcast consistently one of the top five in the world. Because of your support, we are able to make this free resource available to millions around the world each week.

Going Into All The World
Feeding the Hungry
Your support of this ministry allows us to be the hands and feet of hope to those in need all around the world. Jesus instructed us to go into all the world and preach the Good News to all creation (Mark 16:15). At Joel Osteen Ministries we use every available resource to help those in our own communities and those in need around the world.

Whether it be the streets of New York City or the slums of Nairobi, our ministry partners deliver the message of the gospel–along with food, clothing and medical supplies–to hungry children and families in need.

Healing the Sick
Joel Osteen Ministries is involved in vaccination programs, abandoned baby centers and centers for young troubled teens looking for a new life and a fresh start. We are helping feed the hungry, clothe the needy and provide hope to the hopeless.

Because of you we are able to be the hands and feet of Jesus to a world in need. Thank you for helping us reach the unreached and tell the untold the Good News of the gospel.
