The Baseballs are a German rock and roll band founded in Berlin in 2007. They became popular with rock cover versions of modern hits such as Umbrella by Rihanna and Hot n Cold by Katy Perry. The band members are only credited by their first names (Sam, Digger and Basti). Their version of Umbrella was a hit in Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden and Norway and got into the charts in all seven countries.

Their debut album, Strike!, was produced by JMC Music and released in May 2009 in Germany, Switzerland and Austria, in October 2009 in Finland, in December 2009 in Sweden, in February in Norway and in March 2010 in The Netherlands. It reached no.15 in Austria, no. 6 in Germany, no. 2 in Switzerland and The Netherlands, no.1 in Finland, no.1 in Sweden and no.1 in the Norwegian album charts. In the UK it was released on Rhino Records UK on May 17, 2010.

The band re-released the album in 2010 as Strike! Back! The lead single is a rockabilly version of Snow Patrol's Chasing Cars. The video features the band rocking a 1950s prom.

In the UK, The Baseballs have appeared on ITV1's The David Dickinson Show, Magic Numbers and This Morning. In Ireland, The Baseballs have appeared on RTE's The Late Late Show. In Australia the group appeared on Channel 9's Hey Hey It's Saturday.  In New Zealand they appeared on TVNZ's Good Morning 

In 2010 the band supported guitarist Jeff Beck on his Emotion and Commotion tour as his opening act.

On first August 2011 The Baseballs released together with General Mills - the producer of the ice cream Häagen-Dazs - within a advertising campaign with Cosma Shiva Hagen a free download of the song Wha Wha - which was written especially for the campaign. The track is freely available and can be downloaded from the german site of the brand Häagen-Dazs
(wikipedia)

- - -

The history of The Baseballs began in 2007 in Berlin. Sam, Basti and Digger met by chance in a recording studio and started doing cover versions of songs from the Fifties and Sixties. But soon they discovered the appeal of transforming modern songs into a rock n roll style, or in the bands own words: We take good songs and lead them to their true destiny.

The release of Strike! in May 2009 turned everything upside down for the three young guys. The album scored major impact, in the following 18 months they toured almost non-stop throughout Europe, played hundreds of concerts, performed at festivals for enthusiastic audiences of thousands and received countless awards (among these the Emma Award in Finland for the best-selling album of the year) and along the way sold nearly one million albums. In recognition of their international success the band was presented the European Border Breakers Award 2011 as Europes most successful new band at the Eurosonic Festival in Holland in Janaury 2011.

With Strings’n’Stripes Sam, Basti and Digger release their second album on April 15. They remain true to themselves and their love of the sound of the Fifties and Sixties, this time around presenting their own versions of California Girls (Katy Perry), Quit Playing Games (Backstreet Boys) or Paparazzi (Lady Gaga). (thebaseballs.com)

 - - -

Baseballs - Strings 'n' Stripes 2011
(Hamburg Warner)

 1. Intro. 
 2. Candy shop. 
 3. Not a girl, not yet a woman. 
 4. Hello. 
 5. Quit playing games (with my heart). 
 6. Paparazzi. 
 7. Bitch. 
 8. Ghetto superstar. 
 9. California gurls. 
10. Hard not to cry. 
11. Coming home. 
12. Tik tok. 
13. Follow me. 
14. Miami
