Apress; 1 edition | December 30, 2009 | 450 pages | English | ISBN 13: 978 1430272212 | PDF


This book will give you a thorough grounding in the principal and supporting tools and technologies that make up the Xcode Developer Tools suite.
Apple has provided a comprehensive collection of developer tools, and this is the first book to examine the complete Apple programming environment for both Mac OS X and iPhone.

Comprehensive coverage of all the Xcode developer tools
Additional coverage of useful third party development tools
Not just a survey of features, but a serious examination of the complete development process for Mac OS X and iPhone applications

What you will learn

The book is holistic, providing a comprehensive sweep across the available development tools.
The book is structured, taking a logical and progressive journey from the basics to a firm understanding of the purposes, benefits, and limitations of each component of Xcodes developer tools.
The tone is friendly and accessible we wouldnt have it any other way.
The book fills a niche there is no other single book that focuses on this collection of developer tools.
Who is this book for?

All Mac OS X and iPhone developers who want to develop applications more efficiently by taking advantage of all the tools Apple offers in its Xcode suite, as well as many indispensable third party tools.

About the Author

I run a small information management consultancy business in the UK. Through this business we advise government and commercial clients on strategies for development of information management systems, and we also build bespoke Mac based software and CMS based websites for a wide range of clients.

In previous lives I have headed up technology and knowledge management departments in public and private sector organisations. I laid hands on my first Mac in 1986 and, aside from a couple of falls from grace in the dark days of the mid 90s, have been an Apple technology stalwart ever since.

I live, and whenever possible work, in a small market town in Warwickshire, in England. When I am not working my time is spent climbing and photographing mountains and raising two young children.