Although it is not strictly a soundtrack, only four songs on the album were featured in the Tim Robbins film, Dead Man Walking is nevertheless a fascinating listen. Robbins played a rough cut of his film to a number of musicians, asking them to contribute a song if they were intrigued by the story of a condemned prisoner on death row. Nearly every musician he approached contributed a song, and they are collected on Dead Man Walking. The star power of the album is impressive , Bruce Springsteen, Johnny Cash, Tom Waits, Eddie Vedder, Lyle Lovett, Patti Smith, Suzanne Vega, Mary Chapin Carpenter, and Steve Earle all are featured on the record, but names alone wouldn't make Dead Man Walking a musical success. Fortunately, most of the musicians contribute first-rate material, such as Springsteen's spare, haunting title track, Waits' gallows humor, and the bizarrely appropriate teaming of Vedder and Nusrat Fateh Ali Kahn. Not only is the album an unusually constructed soundtrack, it is an unusually effective one, boasting almost no dead weight. It's one of those rare soundtracks that is as compelling as the film itself. 
(Stephen Thomas Erlewine, Rovi)

- - -

VA - Dead Man Walking 2006
music from and inspired by the film : Legacy edition
(CD+DVD New York Columbia/Legacy)

CD (Music from and inspired by the Motion Picture Dead Man Walking)

 1. Dead man walkin' - Bruce Springsteen
 2. In your mind - Johnny Cash
 3. Woman on the tier (I'll see you through) - Suzanne Vega
 4. Promises - Lyle Lovett
 5. The face of love - Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan with Eddie Veddler
 6. The fall of Troy - Tom Waits
 7. Quality of mercy - Michelle Shocked
 8. Dead man walking (a dream like this) - Mary Chapin Carpenter
 9. Walk away - Tom Waits
10. Ellis unit one - Steve Earle
11. Walkin blind - Patti Smith
12. The long road - Eddie Vedder with  Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
13. Dead man (previously unreleased) - Eddie Vedder

DVD (Not in our Name - Dead Man Walking The Concert)

Ellis Unit One - Steve Earle
Promises - Lyle Lovett
L.A. County - Lyle Lovett
Lungs - Lyle Lovett and Steve Earle
Crime for Crime - Ani DiFranco
Up Up Up Up Up Up  - Ani DiFranco
Fuel - Ani DiFranco
Trouble - Eddie Vedder 
Dead Man - Eddie Vedder
The Long Road - Eddie Vedder, Jeff Ament, Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan...
The Face of Love - Eddie Vedder, Jeff Ament, Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan...