Guster

Daryl Hall revisits his 1980, Robert Fripp-produced solo debut, Sacred Songs, for a rare performance of “Babs and Babs,” with Guster’s Ryan Miller, Luke Reynolds and Brian Rosenworcel, for the first new Live from Daryl’s House web show of the year. The 38th and newest installment of the Webby award-winning Internet series, which recently made its broadcast debut with a 2 hour New Years Eve Special on WGN America to impressive ratings, will debut at www.lfdh.com on Jan. 15.

Guster was formed by Ryan Miller, Brian Rosenworcel and Adam Gardner in 1991 while attending Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts. They’ve gone on to record six studio albums, their latest, Easy Wonderful, came out last year on Aware/Universal Republic and garnered the group some of its best reviews to date. The Wall Street Journal’s John Jurgensen praised the album's "jangly, ebullient rock with lots of bright open spaces [but] in the midst of all that sunny pop, there are shadows lurking." Magnet magazine called the release “the best thing the band’s ever done… We can’ t tell you how much we love the new Guster album.” A renowned touring attraction, Guster performs more than 250 shows a year with the likes of John Mayer, Ben Folds, Nickel Creek, Pete Yorn and Rufus Wainwright. The Oakland Press raved that the group’s local concert “left the crowd screaming for more,” while the Philadelphia Weekly was equally enthused: “Entertaining and humorous… What’s not to love?”

“It's an awesome concept for a show,” said Brian Rosenworcel about his experience on Live from Daryl’s House. “Artists who mutually respect each other learn to play each other's music and expose it to their fans, followed by a gourmet meal.”

“This was, for sure, one of the Top Seven Things I Have Done With My Band,” added Ryan Miller. “Just don’t ask me about the other six.”

Daryl and Guster joined on a six-song set that included “Do You Love Me” and “Bad Bad World,” a pair of tracks from the band’s latest album,Easy Wonderful, as well as “Satellite and “Hang On” from their previous release, ‘06’s Ganging up on the Sun, on Reprise Records. The set was topped off with versions of Daryl Hall and John Oates’ “Rich Girl” and a rare version of “Babs and Babs” from Daryl’s Sacred Songs.

“The guys have a great sense of humor” said Daryl. “I didn’t even mind that they practically cleaned out my wine cellar.”