S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
L.A. Noire - DLC Addon (c) Rockstar Games

17-11-2011........Release Date - Protection..........GameShield
Action/Adventure.....Game Type - Disk(s)..................2 DVD

NOTE
Its not really a true SKIDROW release if we dont manage to somehow
screw something up, this time we forgot to incl. all DLC's to this nice
game here, sorry about that :)

RELEASE NOTES

A dark and violent crime thriller, set against the backdrop of 1940's
Los Angeles and utilizing revolutionary new facial animation
technology, L.A. Noire blends the breathtaking action of chases and
shootouts with true detective work including interrogations and
clue-finding, as newly-minted officer Cole Phelps embarks on a
desperate search for truth in a city where everyone has something to
hide.

Includes Access to All L.A. Noire Add-On Content:

5 Additional Cases ranging from Traffic to Arson

The Badge Pursuit Challenge - Find and collect badges to unlock the
Button Man Detective Suit

The Broderick Detective Suit - Boosts your fist fighting capabilities
and resilience to damage

The Sharpshooter Detective Suit - Sharpens your aim with rifles and
pistols

The Chicago Piano  A powerful machine gun stored in the trunk of your
car

New for the PC Version:

NVIDIA 3D Vision

Enhanced resolutions and graphical performance

Keyboard mapping

Gamepad support

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release where the game has been installed " finalpc "

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Seriously Rockstar Games, why use a protection that ends up punishing
people that actually buy your games? Team Bundi did an excellent piece
work on this game, and yet you made the game suffer with the protection
added to it. Some people that bought the game, can't even run the game,
because of this clever protection. Protections like this one can get
too clever, that it is the reason for lower framerates, and in the end
make the game almost unplayable for others.

Imortant:

Latest game update is included with the cracked content
Make a local profile, by using Rockstar's Social-Club, so you can be
able to load/save

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/COJDs.jpg


ENJOY!