S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Duke Nukem Forever (c) 2K Games

11-06-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Steam  CEG
FPS..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

PROPER NOTES

Razor1911 did a fine job on getting their release out and reports are
positive. Respect to the blade for some competition.

Still their release has a problematic issue with the crack, as when you
progress in the game, you will notice that you can't go back and play
previous completed chapters, besides the first one.

If you're happy with what you got from the blade, then don't download
this proper. Alternative you can get the seperate sr-dnfcf.rar included
with this release, so you don't have to download whole game again.

Keep in mind our release has all english, german, french, italian and
spanish content in one whole package.

RELEASE NOTES

The King is Back

Cocked, loaded and ready for action, Duke delivers epic ass-kicking,
massive weapons, giant explosions and pure unadulterated fun

Put on your shades and step into the boots of Duke Nukem. The alien
hordes are invading and only Duke can save the world. Pig cops, alien
shrink rays and enormous alien bosses can't stop this epic hero from
accomplishing his goal: to save the world, save the babes and to be a
bad-ass while doing it.

The King arrives with an arsenal of over-the-top weapons, non-stop
action, and unprecedented levels of interactivity. With hours and hours
of action, and a range of bodacious multiplayer modes, rest assured
knowing the fun goes on and on.

Did the Alien bastards not learn their lesson the first time? Duke has
been on hiatus for some time now, kicking back and franchising himself
on the fame he gained from saving Earth from the first invasion. The
Aliens have returned to Earth yet again, messing up Dukes sweet
routine of dirty leisure habits.

The Alien invaders are stealing Earth's women, especially the hot ones
And they drank Duke's beer. This. Won't. Stand. As Duke battles his way
through waves of aliens, the once beautiful gambling haven and Duke
Nukem franchise chains are crumbling before his eyes. Time to bring the
pain

Features:

Bust a Gut: Duke pulls no punches. Duke's constant stream of hilarious
one-liners throughout the game make this an out loud good time.

World Interactivity: Spend as much time as you want shooting hoops,
lifting weights, playing pinball, pool, air hockey, and slots.

Scale & Variety: Packed with explosive FPS action, outlandish settings,
driving, and puzzle solving - gamers will never tire of the endless
FUN.

Multiplayer Like No Other: Classic modes are re-made with a Duke twist.
Shrink, squash, freeze and shatter your opponents, or just frag them
with a rocket.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

If you want to continue your current savegame, copy the following files
from your Duke Nukem ForeverSystem folder to the folder in the buttom.

last.dcp
last.sav
meta.dnp
progress.ini
system.ini
user.ini

Move/Copy the files in AppdataLocalSKIDROW59700Storage folder

Use the Launcher.exe to change languages

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK
CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision
