DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Publisher: Palgrave Macmillan (March 16, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 9780230229679
ISBN-13: 978-0230229679
ASIN: 0230229670
European Public Service Broadcasters (PSBs) are struggling to come to terms with a number of issues: the Europeanisation and globalisation of media ownership, production, programming and distribution; the 'marketisation' of media output; technological convergence; and audience fragmentation. While the prevailing nation-state frameworks for cultural and political identity are gradually fading, some PSBs are finding it hard to serve and promote national culture and identity, and to meet the challenge of growing uncertainties within a cosmopolitan Europe. At the same time, PSBs are considered to be an important way of helping European citizens make sense of such developments by bearing traces of collective identities and therefore creating an expanded, pan-European cultural space. Can PSBs be 'multi-cultural' and mobilise a new sense of Europeanness, while at the same time making the transformation into Public Service Media (PSM) and delivering public service content that will meet audience needs in a digital age? The scholars in this volume - covering mainly European countries but also looking comparatively at the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand - discuss the contemporary relevance of PSM as a cultural and political enterprise and as a forum in which a variety of cultural demands can best be met.

Review
'This book should be read by all people who are concerned about the democratic quality of modern societies. It raises the crucial question of how to secure the provision of information and entertainment through multiple public-service platforms. Strongly recommended!' - Professor Dr Cees J. Hamelink, University of Amsterdam, Holland 'This well-designed collection of brilliant, informative, and generally supportive analyses of European public TV is important reading for anyone interested in the present of these central institutions and their rocky transition to a broader set of digital public service media.' - Professor Eli Noam, Columbia University, USA 'A very timely and extremely valuable collection of essays on public service media in a digital age. Highly commendable.' - Professor Daya Thussu, University of Westminster, UK