SmartsysSoft Business Card Maker 2.30
   Design and print professional-looking business cards

  The Business Card Software help you create your own one or double-sided, horizontally or vertically aligned business cards using text, your own logo, artwork etc...

   It comes with a lot of business card templates and backgrounds and symbols. You can customize with your logo, images, texts and shapes to create your own stunning business cards.
   Powerful vector graphics editor program with which you can get your cards with very high quality when your designs are translated to printing.
   Supports to print your cards on any standard business card papers at your printer. Also it's allowed to save your design as a high quality image with PDF, BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF format for outside quality printing.

SmartsysSoft Business Card maker is a powerful vector graphics editor program. You can add many drawing elements such as logos, symbols, texts, images, lines and curves to your design as you needs. Also you can choose them from a vast library which is supplied by this application. Each element is painted very smoothly. So you can get attractive business cards which have very high quality when your designs are translated to printing. It gives the options to print your cards on any local Windows compatible printer or save your designs as a high quality images with PDF, BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF format for outside quality printing. 

Editing With Ease

 The application's interface is attractive and quite intuitive, and most users should be able to start making their business cards within short times. With moving mouse button you can create, move, resize or rotate each drawing objects visually and freely. Undo redo anytime anywhere if it’s needed.

Key Features
Powerful vector graphics editing program

   Each vector object such as shape, symbol, text can be filled or stroked with solid color, gradient colors, images, patterns.
   Provides visual path editing tools to edit shapes. With which, you can create the most unique shapes, symbols or texts if you desires.
   More than hundreds of dash styles are supported to be used for stroking shapes.
   Each drawing elements is painted very smoothly. So you can get very nice business cards when your designs are translated to printing.
   Works like a greate image editor program that supports strongly layer-editing.
   Supports alpha blend completely. Each layer object is allowed to contain an alpha channel. An vector object can filled or storked with different transparency level.


Business Card Templates and Pre-designed Drawing Elements

   Select from attractive business card templates and customize with your text and symbol to create stunning business cards.
   Provides thousands of pre-defined backgrounds, symbols, shapes, gradient style, textures and clipart images. In addition, all common image formats are supported so you can use your own pictures, logos and clipart to design the perfect custom business card for you.


Design Business Cards With Easy

   The application's interface is attractive and quite intuitive.
   Undo and redo anytime and anywhere.
   With moving mouse button you can create, move, resize or rotate each drawing objects visually and freely.


Custom Your Printing

   Supports to print your cards on any local Windows compatible printer.
   ave your designs as a high quality images with PDF, BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF format for outside quality printing.

Read the ReadMe file and enjoy! And please seed after downloading!