iPhone Edition

Powered by the same experienced iGO Engine used in millions ofnavigation devices around the world: now faster & more reliable than ever before, with a set of new features for even more intelligent navigation.

MAIN FEATURES
Google local search
Green routing
Extras through in-app purchase
Navigation to coordinates
TTS Pro (advanced speech)
Realistic, 3D Junctions

Stunning 3D visualization
iGO primo app offers stunning 3D visualization. Complex junctions are displayed in 3D to provide a rapid understanding of your next maneuver while true-to-life 3D models of famous landmarks and display of the terrain around you - such as valleys, hills and mountains.

TTS Pro
The Text-to-Speech (TTS) feature allows pronouncing city, street and highway names as part of the guidance instructions. The new TTS Pro reads out not only standard voice commands, but also traffic events, a summary of the planned route and relevant country info after crossing a border. Text-to-Speech is available in the following languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian. Note: The languages mentioned above vary in the applicable packagages.

Google local search
Find businesses or anything else you need around your position

In-app purchase for extras
Country maps, safety cameras, Rich POIs (Explorer's package), Live Traffic: Save time by using the alternative routes generated automatically by your navigation software following the up-to-date traffic information available for your present route, 3D citymap (3D buildings)

Realistic Junction View
Realistic images of motorway junctions for easier orientation.

Sophisticated route calculation
iGO primo app calculates not only fast, short, and easy-to-follow routes, but also green ones. The green routing option is new, choose this one for lower fuel consumption and CO2 emission.

POI search along the route

Multiple Destination Entry
Navigate to: iPhone contacts, GPS-coordinates, pictures

Customizable quick menu

Customizable vehicle profile

Send a question to Customer Support

Optimized in-car use
Extra large buttons, simple icons, and a truly intuitive interface with streamlined workflow ensure optimized in-car use and maximum attention to the road.

Precise voice guidance in numerous language
iGO primo app supports numerous languages. Please check out the description of the individual packages for the list of the languages included.

QWERTY keyboard
Use the QWERTY keyboard layout with extra large keys in landscape mode to enter an address.

Supporting multi-point routes
You can now add one intermediate destination to your route. This feature was introduced in version 1.1.

Calling POIs (Places)
If you find a Point of Interest (POI) that has a phone number, you can call it immediately from the navigation application.

Quickstart function
No need to remember road names and house numbers. Save an unlimited number of favorites for a quickstart.

Smart history
The smart history 'learns' the user's behavior and habits, and offers a ranked list with the most likely destinations based on the current GPS position, previous routes, day of the week, and time of day.

Where am I? - emergency function
Find help in emergency situations! Based on the current GPS position this function diplays nearby assistance, such as police stations, break-down services, ATMs, etc.

Millions of POIs
Select from millions of Points of Interest along your route or at your destination, and you can easily find nearby hotels, restaurants, ATMs, gas stations, etc.

Multi-touch screen
You can zoom the map in and out with two fingers - in iPhone style - but for quicker control one-touch operation is also supported.

Smart Keyboard
The Smart Keyboard speeds up the address entry by completing the most likely city and street names.

Explore the map
You can freely browse and explore the map in both 2D and 3D mode: zoom, drag, tilt, rotate, and select any point on the map as destination.

Auto orientation
To make navigation on iPhone really handy, the application selects automatically between portrait and landscape format.

Lane assistance and realistic signposts
iGO primo app makes navigation easy even in complex situations. Country-specific lane guidance and signposts give you even more realistic help in choosing the right lane well before the upcoming maneuvres.

Day and Night mode
With changing light conditions when driving into tunnels or at dawn, iGO primo app switches between Day and Night mode.

Vehimarkers
With iGO primo app, users can select different images for their position markers, so the traditional arrow can be changed to a variety of realistic 3D symbols, including pedestrian, bicycle and numerous car models.

Navigation resumes after incoming call
Following an incoming call during navigation, iGO primo app simply resumes guidance without any user interaction.
