Título/Title: From the Edge of the City
Ano/Year: 1998
Original title: Apo tin akri tis polis
Duracao/Runtime: 1 hour, 29 minutes
País/Country: Greece
Idioma/Language: Greek | Russian
Legendas/Subtitles: English (.srt), Portugues (.srt)
Genero/Genre: Crime | Drama

Director: Constantine Giannaris

Elenco/Cast

Stathis Papadopoulos ... Sasha
Costas Kotsianidis ... Kotsian
Panayiotis Hartomatzidis ... Panagiotis
Dimitris Papoulidis ... Giorgos
Theodora Tzimou ... Natasha
Anestis Polychronidis ... Anestis
Nikos Kamontos ... Filippos
Stelios Tsemboglidis ... Stelios
Giorgos Mavridis ... Chorny
Panagiota Vlachosotirou ... Elenitsa
Silvia Venizelea ... Thodora
Emilios Chilakis ... Nikos
Vasias Eleftheriadis ... Father
Evri Sophroniadou ... Mother
Giannis Kontraphouris ... Pimp

Plot / Synopsis

A group of young \"Pontioi\" (Greek Russians from the coast of the Black Sea) descend on megalopolis Athens where alienation and poverty leads to petty crime and boredom. Young Sasha, the prince of shantytowns, believes all his misery is transient, a passage to better days of his dreams. The world he and his gang try to conquer \"from the edge of the city\" soon hits back mercilessly, and their lives crumble, taking along their dreams and ties of camaraderie. Swift camera movements and fast-cut edits heighten the tension in this action drama about growing up on the seamy side of town.

Violento e enérgico, este filme nos conta a história de um bando de emigrantes de Pontian, que retornaram para a Grécia vindos da ex-União Soviética. Sasha, de 17 anos, é o líder ambicioso deste bando. Eles percorrem a noite de Atenas, fazendo dinheiro com a pequena criminalidade e vendendo os seus corpos. Adolescentes sedentos de aventura, nada os impede de atingir o que desejam.

Video Format: AVI/MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1059 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps
Aspect Ratio: 1.857:1
Resolution: 624 x 336
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.176
Audio Format: MPEG Audio
Audio Bitrate: 128 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz
Tamanho/Size: 679 mb
