Adobe Photoshop CS5
Extended
Content-Aware Fill
Top of the new features list and
a previewed sneak peek that got
a lot of Photographers and
retouchers salivating in advance
is the new Content-Aware Fill.
No longer is it necessary to dab
away at pesky unwanted objects.
This new and improved feature
of the Spot Healing brush
automatically removes image
elements with details that match
the lighting, tone and noise of
the surrounding area. And we’re
not talking skin flaws, dinky dust
bunnies or even the odd bit of
litter here and there, we mean
pretty huge objects and areas.
Sure, zoom in and interrogate
Photoshop’s doings and it’s
never going to be absolutely
perfect, but it’s a pretty
impressive addition and a great
time-saver, even if for just giving
you a head start.
Improved Edge Selection
This may not be a biggy to those
who’ve already invested in a
reliable plug-in such as Fluid
Mask or Mask Pro (thinking
about it... what are those guys
going to do now their market
has been snatched away from
them?) but CS5 sees big
improvements to the Refine Edge
feature and, in particular, its
Edge Detection capabilities.
There’s nothing particularly
radical here other than it’s a
native feature, it’s reliable and it
does the job.
Speaking of old, trusty plug-ins, the same goes for the new HDR Pro feature. Rather than auto stack and combine multiple exposures, however, Photoshop CS5 now offers users more control over the HDR merging process. HDR can either be fairly subtle or highly surreal and as well as greater control over the image output HDR Pro also gives users the chance to save style presets for quick fixes once you’ve found an effect that suits
you. Mixer Brush and Bristle Tips There’s always been a gap in the Creative Suite for decent painting tools, and with Corel pinching part of the digital artist market with its successful Painter program it really was missing a trick for a long time. Now though, with the new Mixer Brush and a Bristle Tips feature it’s possible to blend colors, much like Painter. As well as allowing painters the ability to control the wetness of canvas colors, load and mixing rates it’s also possible to determine whether the brush is refilled or cleaned after each painting stroke.

img638.imageshack.us/img638/6573/8f32e7004213533mainscre.jpg

Puppet Warp
Another feature previewed
before the main launch, Puppet
Warp gives users the opportunity
to push and pull elements within
an image. More impressive is the
fact you can define a stacking
order of different pin markers.
Adobe Evangelist, Russell
Brown’s Sneak Peak is definitely
worth taking a look at to see
how this feature could be used
constructively.
Booster features
Of course, there are plenty more
features introduced to
Photoshop CS5 that should
provide improved workflow tools
to photographers and designers
alike., including:
The introduction of Adobe Raw 6
plug-in
Automated lens correction
(custom profiles for correcting
lens distortion)
3D extrusions with Adobe
Repoussé (Photoshop CS5
Extended only)
Improved 3D realism and rich
materials (Photoshop CS5
Extended only)
Better black-and-white photo
conversion
Mini Adobe Bridge for use in-
program
A special mention should also go
to the fact both Photoshop CS5
and CS5 Extended now offer
cross-platform 64-bit native
support.
Installation
1. Run Setup.exe
2. Extract required crack (32 or
64) from rar and copy into the
Directory stated in the READ ME
file included