Hardcover: 672 pages
Publisher: Healing Arts Press (October 24, 2003)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0892817496
ISBN-13: 978-0892817498

A foundational textbook on the scientific principles of therapeutic herbalism and their application in medicine. 

* A complete handbook for the medical practitioner. 

* Includes the most up-to-date information on preparations, dosage, and contraindications. 

* By the author of The Complete Illustrated Holistic Herbal. 

Medical Herbalism contains comprehensive information concerning the identification and use of medicinal plants by chemical structure and physiological effect, the art and science of making herbal medicine, the limitations and potential of viewing herbs chemically, and the challenge to current research paradigms posed by complex plant medicines. It also includes information on toxicology and contraindications, the issues involved in determining dosage and formulation types for an individual, guides to the different measurement systems and conversion tables, and the pros and cons of both industrial and traditional techniques. 

With additional sections devoted to the principles of green medicine, the history of Western Herbalism, the variety of other medical modalities using medicinal plants, an extensive resource directory, and a discussion of treatments organized by body system, Medical Herbalism is the comprehensive textbook all students and practitioners of clinical herbalism need to develop their healing practices.


Reviews: 
“David Hoffmann has produced an herbal reference masterpiece. This is one of the most comprehensive and detailed reference books to be produced in many years and will become one of the standard texts for professionals and researchers. I will place it next to my desk with my most often-used books.” 
(Mark Blumenthal, founder and executive director of the American Botanical Council, editor of HerbalGram, and senior editor of The Complete German Commission E Monographs--Therapeutic Guide to Herbal Medicines and The ABC Clinical Guide to Herbs )

“Hoffmann beautifully blends science with his very holistic approach to herbal healing, displaying a true gift for making chemistry and physiology easy to understand. He not only suggests herbs and dietary changes to treat many conditions but explains why they work. Such knowledge aids both practitioner and herb user in understanding how they can choose the most effective and safe herbs. I applaud this as an important book for herbalism in the modern world.” 
(Kathi Keville, director of the American Herb Association )

“I consider David Hoffmann one of the most original and brilliant herbalists of our time, who dwells 'on the cutting edge' of thought and is often paving the way for others. The author of one of our finest herbal classics, The Complete Illustrated Holistic Herbal, David’s ambitious undertaking of his brilliant new book provides us with yet another exceptional textbook on herbs that merges art, science, and conservation into a system of holistic herbalism for the future. This will be a valuable book for practitioners of herbal medicine as well as for other medical professionals.”
(

Rosemary Gladstar, president of United Plant Savers and author of Rosemary Gladstar’s Family Herbal 
)

"A well-written compendium of herbal medicine that cannot be found elsewhere in a single book."
(The Bloomsbury Review, May/June 2004, Vol 24 Issue 3 )

"Contains comprehensive information concerning the identification and use of medicinal plants both by chemical structure and physiological effect."
(Share Guide, May/June 2004, Issue 73 )

"Medical Herbalism is an endeavor that will likely become a staple as an educational tool and indispensable reference for many."
(Katherine Duff, Townsend Letter, Aug/Sept 2004 )

". . . Hoffman displays a true gift for making chemistry and physiology easy to understand."
(American Herb Association, Vol. 20:2 )

“David Hoffmann has outdone himself. This text provides a depth of knowledge that is truly needed by the herbalist, the physician, and the pharmacist in order to understand how to use herbal medicine safely and effectively. Also an excellent resource to educate patients about the many herbal remedies possible.”
(David Winston, AHG, dean of the Herbal Therapeutics School of Botanical Medicine and chair of the Admissions Review Committee for the American Herbalist Guild )

“Medical Herbalism provides a clinically oriented, systematic approach to Western herbal medicine missing from most texts. A great contribution to the herbal literature. ”
(Roy Upton, herbalist and executive director of the American Herbal Pharmacopoeia )

"For all students and practitioners of herbalism, this complete handbook details the chemistry of herbs and presents in-depth discussions of specific ailments and treatments."
(Creations Magazine, Oct-Nov 2005 )

"For mid-level to advanced herbal students, or for any professional health care practitioner, this book represents an outstanding contribution. Kudos to both author David Hoffman and to Healing Arts Press for giving us this amazing volume."
(Leah Samul, Pan Gaia, Jan-Mar 2006 )

"This is simply the most comprehensive reference work on holistic herbalism from a clinical perspective in existence. . . . This well-researched, incredibly knowledgeable textbook could be said to usher in a new, critical phase in the development of herbalism."
( Georg Feuerstein, Traditional Yoga Studies, Sept 2007
)

" . . . this manual gives the more serious herbalist a look at herbs with a thorough and scientific approach without stripping that something unexplainable that happens when we use herbs as medicine. . . . Hoffmann's style is straightforward and informative containing a fascinating depth, making Medical Herbalism a reference tool any herbalist will reach for without hesitation." (
dkMommySpot, March 2009 )
 
http://www.amazon.com/Medical-Herbalism-Principles-Practices-Medicine/dp/0892817496
