 http://bayimg.com/HAiIFAadH

The Battle Over Citizen Kane (1996)

The American Experience (TV series documentary 1988– ) 
  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0115634/

English language with Spanish and Portuguese subtitles

The Battle Over Citizen Kane is a 1996 documentary about the clash between newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst and actor/writer/director Orson Welles over Welles' 1941 motion picture Citizen Kane, which is widely regarded as one of the greatest films of all time.

The Battle Over Citizen Kane originally aired as an episode of the Public Broadcast System's The American Experience series and was narrated by actor Paul Winfield.

In Citizen Kane, Welles plays Charles Foster Kane, whose fictional life partially mirrors that of Hearst's. However, Chicago inventor and utilities magnate Samuel Insull, Chicago Tribune publisher Robert R. McCormick, and even Welles' own life were used in creating Kane.

In 1939, based partly on the strength of his imaginative and successful New York plays which were produced under the aegis of the Mercury Theater (such as an adaptation of William Shakespeare's Macbeth, which featured an all-black cast and was set in the jungle), and the infamy of his October 30, 1938 radio broadcast of H.G. Wells' The War of the Worlds which sent residents of Grover's Mill, New Jersey into a panic, Orson Welles was able to negotiate a virtually unheard-of two-picture deal with the relatively small RKO Pictures studio. The deal gave him near-total creative control and, arguably, overshadowed the production of films also considered classics: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's Gone With the Wind and The Wizard of Oz and RKO's own Gunga Din.

The Battle Over Citizen Kane also details the lives of Orson Welles and William Randolph Hearst before Citizen Kane, Hearst's manipulation of the heads of the four largest Hollywood studios: Columbia Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Paramount Pictures, and Warner Bros. to combine their efforts and financial strength to buy the film from RKO with the express purpose of destroying it, and how the film affected their lives after the release of the film.

During this period, however, William Randolph Hearst was actually millions of dollars in debt due largely to excessive spending, particularly on his continuing construction of his already sprawling mansion near San Simeon, California which was located on a property approximately half the size of the state of Rhode Island. While married to Millicent Hearst, he kept a mistress over twenty years his junior, the actress Marion Davies. Davies had been a silent film-era star who worked on a number of "talkies", but with lesser success.

After the release of Citizen Kane to relatively positive critical reviews and largely indifferent popular response, Orson Welles moved on to his second project, The Magnificent Ambersons. However, after Citizen Kane did not become a money-maker, The Magnificent Ambersons was wrested from his control. RKO re-edited the film itself and released it.

William Randolph Hearst died in 1951; Orson Welles died in 1985.

The events chronicled in The Battle Over Citizen Kane were dramatized in the 1999 HBO film, RKO 281. "281" was the internal production name of Citizen Kane.

The Battle Over Citizen Kane was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, but lost to Anne Frank Remembered.

However the documentary has come under serious criticism by several Welles scholars and critics. Jonathan Rosenbaum writes that, "Perhaps the cardinal failing of The Battle Over “Citizen Kane”, a 1996 Oscar-nominated documentary, is its nearly groundless argument that Hearst and Welles had a lot of things in common.".

David Walsh writes that, "This sort of superficial comparison—a cat has a head, a dog has a head, therefore a cat equals a dog—conceals far more than it reveals." He adds that, "The documentary filmmakers fail to make any reference to this social and political context. Furthermore, because they identify success with a stable career and a steady income, they think Welles's subsequent work hardly worth considering."

