Love The Beast 2009 DVDRip


What if you were a Hollywood movie star with an obsession for cars and racing? You would probably read every script with even the tiniest link to the subject matter, in the hope that you could tell a great car story of the likes of "Grand Prix", "Le Mans" or "Mad Max". Then one day you happened to open your garage door and sitting there, right in front of you, was the film you had been searching for. This is what happened to Eric Bana and this time around, the co-star is his very own Ford GT Falcon Coupe- THE BEAST. Eric realized the story was in fact, about him, his first car, a lifetime of ownership and a lifetime of friendship. He set about documenting his own 25 year long love story. A simple tale of one man's ongoing relationship with his very first car. After years of precious restoration, Eric and his 3 closest friends, decided to enter the car into one of the most grueling and dangerous motor races that exists: The Targa Tasmania Rally...
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1284028/


I love this movie, it's like a love story for anyone who loves cars. 
I grew up with Bathurst, Oran Park, Amaroo and the car racing scene in the 70's and my heroes were people like Alan Moffat and John Goss, etc., so the emotions run high watching this. My first car (on the road) was actually an XB panelvan, not quite a coupe, but still a 2 door with the same magical style. 

I did the larger 2 CD's rip for this one to get the better sound, because like with good music, the sounds of the big V8's are very important.

If you love this the way I do, do yourself a big favour and go out and buy the DVD to keep in your prized collection! 
 
http://www.lovethebeast.com.au/ 

It will be worth every cent to have the best copy.

Width:         720 pixels
Height:        400 pixels
Duration:      1:28:21
Frame rate:    25 frames/second
Data rate:     2163 kbps
Video comp:    XVID

Audio
Bit rate:      224 kbps
Format:        MP2

Cheers people, keep sharing!