	
Summary:

Amazon.com
After 10 seasons of sick, wrong, brilliant, subversive, and groundbreaking humor, South Park just keeps getting a little more sick, a little more wrong, and a lot more funny. What could possibly be left for the boys from the small, redneck mountain town of South Park, Colorado to accomplish? Plenty, as it turns out. Cartman, for example, fights a midget in the season opener, pulls a practical joke that gets poor Butters sent to a special camp for gay children, sets a new town record for the most number of homeless people jumped over on his skateboard, and fakes having Tourette's syndrome in order to get away with saying whatever he wants at school. Stan gets pulled into a bizarre and hilarious conspiracy surrounding Easter in a plot that parallels The Da Vinci Code, and Kyle becomes a Guitar Hero, only to lose his best friend to the glittering lights of rock stardom. Clearly the brightest star in this season, though, is the two-part episode Imaginationland, where the boys have the entire contents of the world's imaginations, religions, and superstitions, laid before them for better, and for worse. It's a brilliant episode that encapsulates everything that continues to make South Park so strong: imaginative story lines; sharp animation; indelible characters thrust into ridiculous situations; and all of it tied together with a strong ekimthread of subversive humor. It's a formula that results in the sort of TV that just won't be seen elsewhere, and considering that one whole story line revolves around a plot where Randy Marsh (Kyle's Dad) tries to outdo Bono (lead singer of U2) for the record of World's Largest... umm, Stool, well, maybe that's a good thing. But for fans of the show who can't get enough of goin' down to South Park to see some friends of theirs, season 11 will continue to give plenty of reasons for making the trip. --Daniel Vancini

Audio For All Episodes:

Encoding - VBR (Variable BitRate)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 107kb/s
Language - English

Video For All Episodes:

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Codec - XViD (XviD ISO MPEG-4)
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 771kb/s
Frames per Second - 23.976
Resolution - 512 x 384

Episode List:

"With Apologies to Jesse Jackson"
Randy Marsh tries to find forgiveness after mistakenly using a racial slur on Wheel of Fortune. Meanwhile, Cartman fights a little person.

"Cartman Sucks"
Butters' dad does what any good father would do if he believed his son was bi-curious. When another one of Cartman's pratical jokes puts Butters in a compromising position, his dad is determined to "straighten him out." While Butters is at a special camp trying to "pray the gay away," Cartman realizes the joke is on him.

"Lice Capades"
Confidentiality about who has head lice must be maintained so no child is embarrassed; so says the administration at South Park Elementary. When Garrison refuses to name names, Cartman finds a way to detect who has the head cooties, because the fourth grade class won't be denied their rights as children to make fun of the unfortunate kid who has lice.

"The Snuke"
The clock is ticking as the citizens prepare for Hillary Clinton's big campaign rally. Cartman suspects the new Muslim student is behind a terrorist threat. Every minute counts as Cartman uses his own methods to interrogate the suspect. But could the plan to target Hillary Clinton be just the tip of the iceberg?

"Fantastic Easter Special"
Stan refuses to decorate another Easter egg and wants someone to explain to him just what eggs have to do with Jesus dying for his sins. Determined to get the real story behind all of the eggs and bunnies that are part of the Easter ritual, Stan and Kyle fall in with an eccentric society that guards a legendary secret.

"D-Yikes"
When Ms. Garrison is the victim of yet another failed relationship, she takes it out on the fourth graders. When the boys can no longer handle their teacher's erratic mood swings and excessive homework assignments, they discover people-for-hire who can help out in any situation.

"Night of the Living Homeless"
The homeless population is on the rise and an increasing number of them are eating, sleeping and asking for change all over South Park. While the adults are working on creative solutions to care for the homeless, the boys get busy solving the problem once and for all.

"Le Petit Tourette"
Cartman discovers the joys of having Tourette's syndrome. Drunk with the power of saying whatever he wants without getting in trouble for it, Cartman lines up national TV coverage to take advantage of his new life with no filters.

"More Crap"
Randy becomes South Park’s home-town hero when the guys down at the local bar see the size of his most recent crap. Randy contacts a society that keeps track of the world record, thinking his masterpiece would definitely be a contender. Stan's mom just can’t see what the big deal is.

"Imaginationland"
The doors of a whole new dimension are thrown open and the boys walk right on in. Finding Cartman's leprechaun is just the tip of the iceberg. The boys are about to have the entire contents of the world's imagination laid before them. The boys realize that what they know has become a valuable commodity to the U. S. government. Meanwhile, Butters is about to become collateral damage.

"Imaginationland: Episode II"
Last time, terrorists launched an attack on Imaginationland and the U.S. government seized the only two people known to have been there, Stan and Kyle, who are being held in the bowels of the Pentagon until they tell the government how they got into Imaginationland. Meanwhile, Cartman can't rest until Kyle fulfills his side of the court-ordered agreement to suck his balls.

"Imaginationland: Episode III"
A nuclear device is in position and ready to launch. Inside Imaginationland, Stan and Butters engage in the battle of their lives as they fight the army of evil imaginary forces. Kyle pleads with the U.S. government for his friends' lives and, undeterred by the crisis facing the nation, Cartman goes all the way to the Supreme Court to ensure that his balls do not remain dry.

"Guitar Queer-O"
Obsessed with the Guitar Hero video game, Stan and Kyle make a great team and score record points when they play. Stan realizes he has the potential for enormous success if he plays with another partner. He and Kyle break up but, without his friend, Stan quickly folds under the pressure of being a rockstar.

"The List"
The girls in the fourth grade class have made a secret list that rates every boy's looks from cutest to ugliest in the season finale of South Park. When the boys steal the list they discover just how manipulative and psychotic little girls can be and they aren't really prepared to deal with the results.


Other Information:

I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!