Sharon Kay Penman - Historical Novels
 
Welsh Princes 1 Here Be Dragons
 The story of Joanna, illegitimate daughter of King John, and her marriage to Llewellyn Fawr, Prince of North Wales. Sharon Kay Penman has a particular skill for explaining medieval politics without boring or losing the reader. Her characters are always well-rounded, their motivations plausible, and she manages to convey the richness and complexity of 13th-century life with deceptive ease. She also incorporates a beautiful, wistful love story into the novel and explores the complex relationships between fathers and daughters.
 
Welsh Princes 
2 Falls the Shadow
 This novel about the struggle for power in England in the Middle Ages centres on the life of Simon de Montfort, a French nobleman who came to England to lay claim to an earldom, married the King's sister, and eventually mounted a civil war against Henry III.
 
Welsh Princes
 3 The Reckoning
 Completes the sequence of novels on the struggle between the independent Welsh Princes and the growing English strength which began with "Here Be Dragons" and continued with "Falls the Shadow". 

Eleanor of Aquitaine 
2 Time and Chance
 TIME AND CHANCE, the second part of the trilogy about Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine, opens during the glory years of their reign. While Henry redefined the role of medieval kingship, Eleanor gave birth to their children, founding a dynasty that would endure for 300 years. But even in these happy times, shadows were lurking. Battles on two borders. The disastrous appointment of Thomas Becket as Archbishop of Canterbury. And when Henry took lovely young Rosumund Clifford into his bed, little did he realise that in making an enemy of his proud, passionate queen he was making the gravest mistake of all... 

Eleanor of aquitaine
 3 Devil's Brood
 
The long-awaited and highly anticipated final volume in Penman's trilogy of Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine - a tumultuous conclusion to this timeless story of love, power, ambition, and betrayal.
 
Where the second novel in the trilogy, Time And Chance, dealt with the extraordinary politics of the twelfth century, climaxing with the murder of Thomas Becket and Henry's confrontation with the Church and self-imposed exile to Ireland, Devil's Brood centers on the implosion of a family. And because it is a royal family whose domains span the English Channel and whose alliances encompass the Christian world, that collapse will have dire consequences. This is a story of betrayal as Henry's three eldest sons and his wife enter into a rebellion against him, aligning themselves with his bitterest enemy, King Louis of France. But it is also the story of a great king whose brilliance forged an empire but whose personal blind spots led him into the most serious mistake of his life.
 
Sharon Kay Penman has created a novel of tremendous power, as two strong-willed, passionate people clash, a family divides, and a marriage ends in all but name. Curiously, it is a novel without villains - only flawed human beings caught up in misperceptions and bad judgment calls. Most devastating to Henry was not his sons' rebellion but his wife's betrayal in joining them. How could it happen that two people whose love for each other was all consuming end up as bitter adversaries? That is the heart of Penman's tale in Devil's Brood.
 
Justin de Quincy
 2 Cruel as the Grave
 
A mystery set in medieval times. Justin de Quincey rides in the service of Queen Eleanor again. This time he not only has to uncover political schemes, but he also has to solve the murder in a churchyard at his lady's request. 

The Sunne In Splendour
 (Stand alone novel)
 Born into an England ripped apart by the bloody War of the Roses, Richard was in awe of his older brother Edward. He stayed loyal to his brother and loyal to Anne Neville, the daughter of the enemy. It was this loyalty that was his strength, and finally his undoing.
 



Enjoy!