 	



S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Shadow Harvest: Phantom Ops (c) Viva Media

05-04-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
FPS..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

BEHIND EVERY WAR IS A TRUTH YOU WERE NEVER MEANT TO KNOW - The year is
2025 and the world is shaken by numerous conflicts over the control of
dwindling natural resources. The hunger of rival warlords and dictators
of mainly underdeveloped countries for advanced and highly effective
weapon systems appears insatiable and the profits of the arms industry
have reached new heights.

As highly advanced weapon systems, made in the USA, are sighted on
various battlegrounds in Third World countries, the US government
decides to send in an ISA agent, Cpt. Myra Lee, to find out how
political enemies are acquiring arms that are under strict embargo.

Myra is sent to Mogadishu, where American made weapons have allegedly
been employed in combat by Somali military forces against rebel units.
In Somalia, Myra meets Cpt. Aron Alvarez, a hard-boiled close combat
specialist of US Army's 1st SFOD-Delta, whose squadron is assigned to
assassinate Somalia's dictator. Myra and Aron begin working together
only to discover that that the seriousness of the whole affair reaches
much deeper than just the illegal trade of US weapon systems.

A special unit under the codename SHADOW HARVEST is formed within the
ISA to reveal the truth. Cpt. Myra Lee and Cpt. Aron Alvarez are made
partners in the operational core of this special unit and their
investigations lead them to various places all over the world.

Based on the operations of the Intelligence Support Activity (ISA),
with missions ranging from gathering critical intelligence data to
covert direct action operations. The existence of the ISA has never
been officially confirmed by the US government.

Two completely different characters each with very specific and fully
fleshed out sets of skills, preferences and abilities. Cooperatively
complete covert operations. Players may switch between each character
at any time, using either Aron's combat abilities or Myra's stealth
skills to solve the situation.

Players choose from a vast array of weapons and technologies that
enhance both characters strengths. Employ mechanized weapons to boldly
attack enemies from head-on or an invisibility shield to creep through
enemy territory undetected. Take advantage of refined game mechanics
that take the traditional shoot-to-kill approach to a new level.

Features:

When a covert operation to stop illegal arms sales reveals a full-scale
global conspiracy, a special unit under the codename SHADOW HARVEST is
formed to reveal the truth.

With two completely different characters serving as the unit's
operation core, you must choose from a vast array of weapons and
technologies that enhance both characters strengths.

Features a gripping storyline that unfolds organically through the
gameplay (doesn't rely on cutscenes to move the story along). The ratio
of gameplay to cutscenes is better than 13:1.

Players can switch between the two main characters at any time during
the game to take advantage of each characters strength as well as
combat a sophisticated AI that adapts to the strategies you develop.

Open level design and option secondary objectives leave the outcome
completely up to the player to choose.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS


 	

