Developer: Digital Illusions/EA DICE

Publisher: Electronic Arts Inc.
Genre: Shooting / FPS
Platform: PC / Windows

Release date: World: 25 October 2011
USA: 25 October 2011
Europe: 28 October 2011
Australia: 27 October 2011

Play modes: Single / Multiplayer
Multiplayer: LAN / Internet
number of players: 1-64
Game language: MUTLI-10|CS,DE,EN,ES,FR,IT,JA,KO,PL,ZH
Age requirements: Everyone

Battlefield 3 leaps ahead of its time with the power of Frostbite™ 2, the next instalment of DICE's cutting-edge game engine. This state-of-the-art technology is the foundation on which Battlefield 3 is built, delivering enhanced visual quality, a grand sense of scale, massive destruction, dynamic audio and incredibly lifelike character animations. As bullets whiz by, walls crumble, and explosions throw you to the ground, the battlefield feels more alive and interactive than ever before. In Battlefield 3, players step into the role of the elite U.S. Marines where they will experience heart-pounding missions across diverse locations including Paris, Tehran and New York.


Whats in Limited Edition?

Physical Warfare Pack --Storm the battlefield armed with a set of three exclusive weapons in the Physical Warfare Pack including: 1) the Type 88 light machine gun with bipod for deadly firepower and total zone control; 2) the SKS sniper rifle flash suppressor that provides increased stealth abilities for Recon soldiers; and 3) the lethal armor-piercing flechette ammo for the DAO-12 semi-automatic shotgun that will tear through anything in its path. Each weapon will be available for a limited time in-game, and will later become available to all players. Also unlocked is instant access to the highly versatile DAO-12 semi-automatic shotgun.

SPECACT Kit -- Players can expand their customizable options in Battlefield 3 with a set of eight unique multiplayer skins, one for each class in Battlefield 3.

Dog Tag Pack-- In Battlefield 3, dog tags serve as the player’s in-game signature, allowing gamers to customize their soldiers. Dog tags are displayed on screen every time a player takes down an enemy or claims an opponent’s dog tags. This pre-order exclusive item comes with five new, unique dog tags.


Instructions
Download
Extract
Wait for crack.