"An enthusiastic and interesting excursion into the psychedelic fringes of hasidic culture."

              Alan Moore

"Here's this emerging genius dude who has a big and growing following in  
real life and online - this guy who makes Judaism new and real again,  
who digs deep into the Chassidic tradition for its deeply stoned  
truths. A Jewish Terence McKenna, mining the Torah's hidden landscape..."
                 
              Douglas Rushkoff


Cannabis Chassidis:
The Ancient and Emerging Torah of Drugs (A Memoir)

"Some years ago, I came to Jerusalem,
just out of high school,
looking for an authentic religious tradition
for how to smoke marijuana
...rightly, helpfully, more effectively
and more meaningfully.

What I found additionally and instead
was a living culture, wrestling with the mystery
of how to incorporate the exctatic; and the
mystery of the causes for it's repression,
along with alot of brilliant guidance and terrible truths about the nature of religion, law, idealism and drugs.ΓΓé¼┬¥

Cannabis Chassidis: The Ancient and Emerging Torah of Drugs (A memoir) details the question and it\\\\\\\'s exploration: How could it be that something as inherent to modern life as Marijuana, something with a rich history of human usage, has no tradition in Torah, a guidance system that I was raised to understand as encompassing everything good that one should know? There are answers for what IS there in the tradition, rich allusions to herbs and smokes used in different capacitities, and the more interesting answers and questions are about what there isn\\\\\\\'t in the tradition, and why.

And along the way, the spectrum of an experience of living mystical subculture is explored, and the romantic idealization and redemptive potential of both Psychedelia and Religion are touched and felt deeply, in the context of outstanding communities and individuals who have experienced the glories and the failures of both.

Yoseph Leib travels and studies throughout Jerusalem, New York, and Rainbow Country U.S.A, in search of guidance about how Cannabis and psychedelics have and have not been used in both ancient and emerging Hassidic traditions, and what the way we have related to our desires for medicines, gods, and intoxicants can teach us about how we relate to ourselves, our community, and our G-d. The glorious problem of how what we can learn can set us free, in all kinds of ways.


Why was wine sacramentalized in Judaism and Christianity, and not 
marijuana?  A young Orthodox Jew, touched and inspired by the reefer, 
goes to Jerusalem to explore the mystery: What happened to Cannabis in 
the Jewish religion? How could it be that a religious tradition (Torah) 
claiming to have all guidance for all situations and the smartest, 
rightest way to enjoy all pleasures never had to deal with the oldest 
and safest drugs in human circulation? No way!

The surprising answers he learns along the way during his seven years 
spent studying about both ancient, classical, modern and Chassidic 
Jewish secret history shed light not only on the mystery of drug 
prohibition and counter culture, but also on the whole nature of 
religion-as-a-drug, and the unacknowledgeable meaning of the G-d 
language in a secular world. It is a rare look at JerusalemΓΓé¼Γäós 
underground mystical subculture and the ideas and conflicts struggled 
with therein, regarding Judaism, Israel, Law, and righteous crime. The 
legacy of the hippies vs. the great war for control, and the tragic 
nature of the sacred lie that lets us stay religious in the face of an 
ever more diverse and cynically demanding visible reality.  Lives and 
souls are changed, and bodies healed and restored to life, as questions 
are wrestled with: Is it self-indulgence, or is it medicine? When, and 
how? Can I make my religion, my narcotic helpful, or am I just 
endlessly justifying a useless sacred lie?

Written over a four year period, back and forth between Israel, 
Brooklyn, and California, it features encounters and testaments from 
the most important theologians, sages, and scholars I could find, 
secular as well as religious, secret as well as revealed. It is a 
narrative exploration that tries to explore and explain the radical and 
conservative nature and diversity of the Chassidic revolution in 
Judaism, as a paradigm for dealing with the wonderful addictions to 
mysticisms, dogmas, and other drugs that keep recurring in every 
over-civilized religion. There is a reason why religions developed as 
they did, as monstrous tools of vulgar, often context-lacking dogmatic 
rule, despite every successful heresy that tries to restore focus to 
some truer purpose, some righter priority, before collapsing back into 
blanket industrial instructions for memorizing and Obeying.  And there 
is something of the secret nature of Christianity, Islam, and American 
law built into the heart of Judaism, into the way we got into this 
civilized mess; something that starts with the end of nature and the 
aspiration towards Life Eternal, without Fear.
		