Kid Galahad (1937)

Storyline

When a bellhop knocks out fighter Chuck McGraw, promoter Nick Donati realizes he's a potential champ. "Kid Galahad" justifies Nick's confidence, but Nick's mistress Fluff falls for him; in turn, the Kid falls for Nick's young sister. Now overprotective brother Nick turns against his new fighter, leading to a near- disastrous title fight and a murderous confrontation.

Plot

Ward Guidenberry (Wayne Morris) is a sweet and naïve young man. He is working as a bellhop so that he can save enough money to buy a farm. However, during his first night at work, while trying to protect “Fluff” Phillips (Bette Davis), he inadvertently becomes involved in a fight. Soon, he is part of the dangerous world of boxing and is called Kid Galahad.

Nick Donati (Edward G. Robinson) is his tough talking manager. Although he initially views Galahad as a joke, he soon realizes that Galahad has potential. He attempts to use Galahad to retaliate against Turkey Morgan (Humphrey Bogart), a racketeer who sets up a fixed championship bout.

Complications soon emerge when both “Fluff,” Nick’s girlfriend, and Marie Donati (Jane Bryan), Nick’s sister, fall in love with Galahad. Infuriated, Nick turns against his boxer… leading to a tragic conclusion.

SYNOPSIS

Bellhop Ward Guisenberry is mixing drinks at a party being thrown by boxing manager Nick Donati and his mistress, Louise Phillips, known as Fluff. When Sam McGraw, the fighter owned by gangster Turkey Morgan, insults Fluff, Ward punches him, knocking him out. To teach him a lesson, Turkey insists on a rematch between Ward and McGraw, and to avoid a conflict, Nick agrees. Ward goes along with the idea in order to earn enough money to buy a farm, although Fluff does her best to talk him out of fighting. To everyone's surprise, Ward wins the fight and has to leave town in a hurry to avoid Turkey's men. Fluff sends Ward to Nick's family's farm to hide out, despite Nick's rule that his family should never associate with anyone involved in boxing. Even Fluff has never met Nick's mother or sister Marie. Ward immediately charms Mrs. Donati and Marie, who hides her admiration by quarreling with him. When Nick learns where Ward is hiding, he quickly brings him back to the city where, now known as Kid Galahad, Ward goes on to great success as a boxer. Unaware that Fluff has fallen in love with him, Ward tells her of his love for Marie. Unselfishly, Fluff advises him to tell Marie, and realizing that she no longer loves Nick, leaves him to return to singing. Marie visits Ward in the city and they go to the nightclub where Fluff works. At the club, Ward gets into a fight with McGraw, and when reporters cover the story, Nick learns of Ward's relationship with Marie. In revenge, Nick agrees to let Ward fight the champion, even though he is not ready. He bets against Ward and suggests a strategy guaranteed to make Ward lose the fight. Fluff, however, realizes Nick's intentions and convinces him to change his plans. Ward wins the fight, and believing that he was double-crossed, Turkey shoots Nick and kills him. 

Director:
Michael Curtiz 	Director
Irving Rapper 	Dialogue Director
Jack Sullivan 	Assistant Director
Cast:
Edward G. Robinson	as Nick Donati
Bette Davis 	as Fluff [Louise Phillips]
Humphrey Bogart	as Turkey Morgan
Wayne Morris 	as Ward Guisenberry, Kid Galahad
Jane Bryan 	as Marie [Donati]
Harry Carey 	as Silver Jackson
William Haade 	as Chuck McGraw
Soledad Jiminez 	as Mrs. Donati
Joe Cunningham 	as Joe Taylor


MOVIE REVIEW:
Kid Galahad (1937)
The Kid With The Punch
By Ravi S. Madapati (California, US) 

When you bring together such talent as the peerless Edward Robinson, beautiful Bette Davis and dashing Humphrey Bogart, the result has to be good. Michael Curtiz, who made the classic Casablanca (1942) with Boogey, Yankee Doodle Dandy (1942), Angels with Dirty Faces (1938) with Jimmy Cagney, Mildred Pierce (1945) with Joan Crawford and the terrific Adventures of Robin Hood (1938) (better than Russel Crow's and Kevin Costner put together), is among the pantheon of great directors from Classic Hollywood. This A-team has come together for Kid Galahad, in what would be another sweet performance from the little giant, Ed G.

Edward Robinson, once again proves that he has no match when it comes to playing snarling, vicious gangster roles. Time and again, he donned such a role with panache, verve and chutzpah. Wayne Morris, plays the affable farm-boy bellhop, Galahad, who accidentally turns into a prize fighter. Ed G's character Nicky, a mobster/boxing operator, runs a successful racket of fixing boxing matches. Bogart's Morgan, is a fellow racketeer and a thorn in the flesh of Nicky. Nicky's arm-candy Fluff, (Bette Davis) takes an instant liking to the chivalrous Galahad, who turns violent at the sight of women being mistreated. Galahad has the looks, the physique and the charm to ace any girl he likes but he does not fall for Fluff. Instead he goes for Nicky's baby sister Marie, much to the chagrin of Nicky. On contract with Nicky, Galahad keeps winning title after title until the final countdown for World Championship begins. Morgan, who is obviously pissed that Nicky's boy is winning everything pits his ace fighter against Galahad. Upset with his own protegee for falling in love with his sister, Nicky fixes this match and tries to makes Galahad lose the the fight. He even gives wrong suggestion to Galahad putting him in peril. Fluff, who by this times falls knee-deep for Galahad cannot bear this. She ropes in Marie and together they try to change Nicky's heart. What ensues is a slightly predictable yet satisfying finale when we understand that Nicky may not be the bad fellow we thought him to be.

I did not let my little giant bias come in the way of this review. I have seen scores of Edward Robinson's movies, recently bought his autobiography and am an active member of his fan-site on FaceBook. While Kid Galahad might not be up there with his other notable works, it is still a fine film. True Edward Robinson fans, should not miss this. There are various classic scenes of the little giant in this trademark gangster role. But the look on his face when Galahad is getting beaten to pulp is priceless. It shows the shock he feels at his own evil self. Bogart paired up with Ed G for a total of 5 films, of which a majority were made before Bogart became a bigger star than Edward Robinson. To watch Edward Robinson, Bette Davies and Bogart together is a treat in itself. This is a straight-up classic drama with some great moments. Although not as fine as some other movies of Curtiz, this has to be in his top quartile. 8 uppercuts out of 10. 
