DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
 
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

"Any student, including traditional face-to-face students, would benefit by following this guide...[it] is an excellent introduction to studying at distance. Undergraduate and graduate students would benefit from this practical guide. Distance program administrators should include this guide for students in the initial program package. A motivated student who follows this guide will have the conceptual tools to succeed as a distance learner." Journal of Distance Education

The first guide for students tackling distance study!

This essential guide provides practical help and encouragement for those who have not previously studied ‘at a distance’.

Includes motivation, goal setting, time management and coping
Refreshes basic study skills and helps with research projects
Surveys latest e-learning developments
Includes comments and advice from other distance learning students
Self-study activities are a key part of the guide, and introduce the crucial element of active learning that is typical of studying at a distance.
Studying at a Distance is suitable for undergraduates and postgraduates in all open and distance learning or e-learning courses. Ideal for students returning to study after a gap of some years or those new to distance learning.

'More and more people are likely to experience distance learning in the future either by correspondence or e-learning. This book is written by an author who clearly has immense experience and expertise in supporting distance learners. It cannot fail to be a most useful and comprehensive introduction to the challenges of distance education to such learners. It will also be a very helpful guide to people writing and managing distance courses.' Ormond Simpson - Assistant Director, Student Services, Open University in the East of England
Author "Supporting Students in Online Open and Distance Learning" and "Student Retention in Online Open and Distance Learning"