Clinton Anderson's horsemanship "101" video.

I don't particularly like this dude because he is a people person and not an animal person but for that very reason he is a very good person to learn the basics from. Read some training books, watch the Anderson videos and then study the mannerisms of the masters.

Thank you for taking the time to educate yourself; I've been around a lot of horse people who think they know it all because they've been working with horses for years and years but don't even have a single book or video; the result- horses that could have had an easier life but are never given the chance because of someone who thinks they know it all formed them. Thank you again. The time has come in history for humans to pay for all the cruelty of the past; for us to seek every means possible to provide horses with the best life possible.

Bio.-
In 1998, Clinton Anderson began touring the United States, sharing his philosophies and methods with enthusiastic audiences in nearly every state. His hands-on horsemanship clinics have steadily gained popularity throughout the United States, regularly drawing near-capacity crowds. Both his popularity and the effectiveness of Downunder Horsemanship techniques are reflected in the fact that he's sold over 300,000 copies of his training tapes and DVD's worldwide.

In 2001, Clinton became the only equine clinician to produce a weekly one-hour" made-for-TV" training show seen nationally on both DirecTV and the Dish Network by approximately 28 million households. Viewers have been impressed with his knowledge of horses and his humane training methods as well as his unique ability to pass these methods on to others. Clinton perfectly balances information with entertainment by using humor and personal experiences to create a one-of-a-kind program enjoyed by equestrians of all ages and levels of experience. A recent survey done by RFD-TV showed that Downunder Horsemanship is the highest rated, most watched show of all equine programming, and the second most popular rated show overall on the entire network.

In 2003 and again in 2005, Anderson faced the country's best horse trainers and clinicians in the prestigious Road To The Horse Competition, becoming the first person to win the event twice in a row.

Today Clinton continues an exhausting schedule of producing his weekly TV show, creating an extensive library of training tapes, and regularly touring the country making personal appearances and teaching horsemanship clinics. His easy-to-understand Downunder Horsemanship methods have helped literally tens of thousands of horse owners over the years improve the relationship shared with their horse. One has only to watch Clinton Anderson in action to understand that he possesses the uncommon ability to bridge the communication gap between people and their horses in a uniquely informative and entertaining manner.
