Description
Jamie Foxx stars in this biopic of legendary soul and R&B; singer Ray Charles. Skilfully edited and with a keen eye for period detail, the narrative 
weaves in and out of the past in an interlocking tapestry of the mans rise to fame in the 1950s and 60s. 
Growing up poor, black, and blind in the rural south, Charles learns under the tutelage of his tough-love mother (Sharon Warren) to turn these handicaps into assets. With this training, Ray eventually plays his way 
into a major deal with Atlantic records and earns icon status as an American legend. Along the way, the high cost of fame leads him to engage in abusive relationships, manipulative behaviour, and struggles with drug and alcohol problems. This is a dynamite film for the music alone (Charless actual recordings are used in the film), but Foxxs career-benchmark 
performance transcends RAYs biopic roots, turning this into a piercing, full-on character study: unflinching, sometimes harrowing, and ultimately deeply moving. The sheer joy of Charless music comes alive in Foxxs 
movements, and his character matures convincingly and powerfully. A stellar supporting cast is on hand to back him up every step of the way, including Larenz Tate as producer Quincy Jones, and Kerry 
Washington as Rays long-suffering wife, Regina.

Technical Details
Region 2
Aspect Ratio: 1.85 Anamorphic Wide Screen
Sound: Dolby Digital 5.1
Running Time: 146 minutes
Production Year: 2004
Main Language: English
Subtitles: Nordic + English Icelandic Hungarian Dutch Hebrew
Genre: Drama / Musical
Certificate: 15 Suitable for Persons Aged 15 or Over
Directed by: Taylor Hackford
Actors: Jamie Foxx, Kerry Washington, Regina King, 
Clifton Powell, Harry J Lennix, Bokeem Woodbine, Aunjanue Ellis, 
Sharon Warren, CJ Sanders 

7,8/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0350258/

Ray [2004 PAL DVD-DL][En.Hu Multisubs[9]

Musiklegenden Ray Charles liv är kantat av fantastiska 
musikaliska framgångar, men också svåra personliga 
misslyckanden. Trots en svår barndom i det segregerade 
Södern lyckades Ray Charles bryta både sociala och 
musikaliska barriärer och skriva musikhistoria. 
Han lärde världen att lyssna på ett nytt sätt. RAY är 
Ray Charles aldrig tidigare berättade biografi, 
ett musikaliskt drama om en av världens största musiklegender. 

Text: Danska Engelska Finska Norska Svenska Ungerska Holländska Hebreiska 
Isländska
Ljud: Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1) 
  Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
  Ungerska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild:Widescreen 1.85:1  (anamorfisk) 
Format:DVD Region 2 
Extramaterial:
» Förlängd version av filmen
» Kommentarspår med regissören Taylor Hackford
Speltid:146 min
Färg/svartvit:Färg
TV-system:PAL
EAN-kod:5050582352993
Svensk titel:Ray
Originaltitel:Ray
Genre:Drama
Produktionsland:USA 
Premiärår:2004
Regi:Taylor Hackford 
Manus:Taylor Hackford, James L White 
Skådespelare:Jamie Foxx, Kerry Washington, Regina King, 
Clifton Powell, Harry J Lennix, Bokeem Woodbine, Aunjanue Ellis, 
Sharon Warren, CJ Sanders 
Åldersgräns:11 år.
