Screens: 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-455A_4D2328F2.html
 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-A1FF_4D2328F2.html
 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-1D36_4D2328F2.html
 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-AAF9_4D2328F2.html



Starring 
Sophie Dee, Sophia Santi, Puma Swede, Lea Lexis, Angelica Heart, Clara G, Colette, Anita Pearl, Nikky Thorne, Cathy Heaven, Pure Angel, Megane Cole, Caty Campbel

Raul Cristian's My Evil Sluts 7 is a nasty, all-girl festival of perversions, six scenes originally shot for live Internet shows where viewers could help direct the girl-on-girl action! Hot-looking director Clara G aids and abets in this raunchy, Sapphic series where fun-loving sluts are likely to try anything to get off. There's plenty of foot-sucking, foot-fucking, pussy-eating, and dildos galore! Bodacious British redhead Sophie Dee starts things off with stacked blonde Puma Swede. The two dirty girls hold an informal deep-throating competition using massive rubber invaders, and they eagerly lick each other, working up to vibrators. Puma takes a foot part way into her cunt, and the two girls use various toys to make each other cum. Next, Clara gets busy with tattooed brunette cutie Sophia Santi. After molesting Sophia, Clara gets a good fucking from a big, red rubber cock as she diddles her clit. The two penetrate themselves with the ends of a long double-dildo, attached at the pussy. Megan Cole portrays a lady with car trouble and Cathy Heaven is a sexy mechanic dressed in a skin-tight, silver lamé uniform that shows off her packed ass. They go back to Megan's pad and use her toy collection to get off. Cathy is double-penetrated, taking a massive toy in both holes, and Megan fits two huge dildos into her pussy at once! Nikky Thorne, a blonde cutie with braces, enjoys the charms of pretty construction worker Colette in a scene with a multitude of anal toy insertions and lots of ass-to-mouth action. Cat-eyed bombshell Caty Campbel and her pretty, petite pal Anita Pearl are up next; they get foot-fucked by Clara, and their holes are stuffed with rubber toys and their own panties! Caty fills both holes at once using a flexible double-dong. Chubby-cheeked beauty Angelica Heart teams up with smoldering, raven-haired slutstress Pure Angel. The girls do plenty of solo teasing with their sensuous legs and feet, and taste each other's toes. Pure Angel gives a foot job to a realistic rubber cock that's attached to the floor; Angelica uses a red dildo for a doggie-style anal self-reaming. And in a DVD bonus scene, we get a sporadic three-way with Caty Campbel, Clara and blonde beauty Lea Lexis, featuring lots of strap-on fun, a pussy-grinding toy jamming. This one's for the fans!