AnyDVD & AnyDVD HD v6.8.8.0 Final 

[img]http://www.slysoft.com/img/boxshots/boxshot_anydvd.gif[/img]

AnyDVD is a driver, which descrambles DVD-Movies automatically in the background. This DVD appears unprotected and region code free for all applications and the Windows operating system as well. With AnyDVD's help copy tools like CloneDVD, Pinnacle Instant Copy, InterVideo DVD-Copy, etc. are able to copy CSS protected Movies. You can remove the RPC region code, thereby making the movie region free and viewable on any DVD player and with any DVD player software.



AnyDVD is a driver, which descrambles DVD-Movies automatically in the background. This DVD appears unprotected and region code free for all applications and the Windows operating system as well. With AnyDVD's help copy tools like CloneDVD, Pinnacle Instant Copy, InterVideo DVD-Copy, etc. are able to copy CSS protected Movies. You can remove the RPC region code, thereby making the movie region free and viewable on any DVD player and with any DVD player software.

With the help of AnyDVD you can watch movies with non matching region codes with every DVD Player Software you like! AnyDVD is capable of removing unwanted movie features, including subtitles and prohibition messages such as copyright and FBI warnings. It also allows you to launch an external application whenever you insert or remove a disc, or prevent 'PC-friendly'software from automatically launching when you insert a video DVD. AnyDVD decrypts not just DVDs: AnyDVD allows you also to play, copy and rip protected Audio CDs! Decryption is not all that AnyDVD offers. You can control the drive speed of your DVD drive, allowing you to reduce the noise level when watching movies on your PC. You can even adjust the display frequency of your monitor for both NTSC and PAL displays.

Decryption is not all that AnyDVD offers. You can control the drive speed of your DVD drive, allowing you to reduce the noise level when watching movies on your PC. You can even adjust the display frequency of your monitor for both NTSC and PAL displays.

AnyDVD HD comes with same functionality as AnyDVD, but with additional features for full Blu-ray and HD DVD support, including decryption of Blu-ray (BD+ and AACS) and HD DVD (AACS) movies. 

Website:  http://www.slysoft.com/en/

Features of AnyDVD:
» Works automatically in the background
» Removes encryption (CSS) and region code (RPC) from DVDs
» Removes analogue copy protection (Macrovision)
» Removes features such as forced subtitles and warnings
» Decrypts without the need to save the data onto your hard-disk
» Decrypts 'on the fly'
» Prevents automatic launching of 'PC-friendly' software on video DVDs
» Allows adjustment of your monitor refresh rate for both NTSC and PAL monitors
» Allows execution of external programs on disc insertion and removal
» Allows speed control of your DVD drives
» Compatible with all DVD media
» Works with all DVD-drives, regardless of region code
» Works with all DVD copying, such as CloneDVD, and all DVD player software
» Works transparently for the operating system: DVDs can be shared over the network and copied with the command prompt or with Windows Explorer, etc.
» Proven to be stable and fast and does not require an ASPI driver
» Features AnyCDDA: play, copy and rip protected audio CDs

What's New in This Release:
New (Blu-ray): Added support for new BD+ protection
New (Blu-ray): Updated decryption keys
New (Blu-ray): Improved decryption performance with 3D titles
New (DVD): Support for new copy protections
Fix (Blu-ray): "yu-gi-oh 3D" didn't decrypt correctly
Some minor fixes and improvements
Updated languages

System Requirements

    * IBM-compatible PC with a minimum 2 GHz Pentium-class microprocessor and 512 MB RAM
    * Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2000 (32 & 64 bit)
    * 4 MB hard disk space
    * For Blu-ray or HD DVD media, a Blu-ray or HD DVD compliant drive is required.
    * For HD decryption and ripping, the minimum OS is Windows 2000 (latest SP).
    * PC player software usually requires Windows XP SP2 as minumum OS.
Language : Multilingual

Installation Info:
1)run setup and don't restart computer
2)don't start program if started right click on fox head in system tray and exit
3)extract key and run it and click ok on register program
4)Enjoy from Slickinator