Category 	All Sex, Big Tits
Director 	John Leslie
Starring 	Diamond Foxxx, Brooke Banner, Prince Yahshua, Johnny Sins, Christian Clay, Heather Summers, Angel Vain, Bridgette B., Steve Holmes, David Perry

John Leslie delivers a rare big tit-focused movie in this new release. The Voyeur himself finds some of the hottest big tit blondes in Los Angeles, and doesn't leave until they have been fucked silly in every position. First up is Angel Vain, ...    Full Descriptionan All-American looking blonde - if you consider a tattooed sleeve and massive tits 'All-American.' Johnny Sins is up to the task of taming Angel, and before long he is debauching her mouth and her tits with his hard cock. The titty-fucking in this scene is especially excellent - it looks like a good time! After all that teasing Johnny can't wait any longer, and soon graduates to Angel's shaven pussy. He gives it to her in standing doggie and reverse cowgirl, among other positions, before shooting a creamy load in between her enormous tits.

European beauty Bridgette B. is up next, and is happy to handle two studs in the form of David Perry and Christian Clay. Her mouth and tits move back and forth between her two steeds, with lots of baby oil lubricating the process. Like a true European starlet, Bridgette is more than happy to allow entry not only into her pussy, but also into her tight, puckered asshole. For her cooperation she is rewarded with a goo-covered chest.

Diamond Foxxx and Heather Summers are a couple of well-endowed blondes who tease Steve Holmes with some girl-girl action before allowing him to join in. They finally invite him to play by bouncing his hard dick in between their four mounds. Before long MILFtastic Diamond is riding his cock, while Heather sits on his face - the ultimate three-way experience. Steve spends the next 20 minutes bouncing from girl-to-girl and hole-to-hole, before jerking his load all over both girls.

Veteran superstar Brooke Banner is next on the scene, sporting a bigger-than-you-remember-it rack, and a full sleeve tattoo. She teases the camera and then Prince Yahshua, smothering his face with her tits. After worshiping her body for a while, Prince finds his big black dick deep in Brooke's pussy - and boy can she take it deep! He hammers it home in numerous positions until he can't take it anymore, fucking her tits until he cums all over her chest