Yes
“First Union”
April 09, 1991 
Pensacola, Florida
Pensacola Civic Center

Two-camera edit 
Double DVD set with Dolby 5.1 audio

PRODUCED in SEPTEMBER 2010 by TOOLEMAN TV

Later RIPPED OFF and "OFFICIALLY RELEASED" by Gonzo/Voiceprint on their 2011 box set "Yes Union Live"

(Apparently Yes thought so much of this fan-produced video that they used it as a bonus disk in their Gonzo/Voiceprint "Union Live" set, AFTER REMOVING THE CREDITS and blanking out the ON-SCREEN WATERMARKS placed there by TOOLEMAN TV! That's right, folks, they ripped-off our labor of love to make a few bucks. But why pay for it when it was intended to be free from the very outset of the project?)

On April 9, 1991, Yes debuted its 8-man line-up and kicked off the Union world. Not one but TWO video cameras captured the momentous event. 

Now, for the first time ever, TooleManTV’s “First Union” presents the union of these two videos. Every note of the first concert by this legendary line-up is captured here. 

This is no ordinary single-cam fan video. “First Union” cuts between the two camera angles like a professionally edited video, bringing you up-close with each member of Yes as they take solos and share the spotlight. 

This two-DVD set features a fantastic Dolby Digital 5.1 mix of the stereo sound recorded by the two cameras. The video comes from high-quality direct transfers of copies of the original camcorder tapes, which were destroyed in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina! These are not re-authored single-disk DVD's in lower quality, which is what you get from the Gonzo version and other rip-offs. 

Prepare to be blown away by the opening night excitement!

TheTooleMan
September, 2010

Yes line-up:
Jon Anderson
Bill Bruford
Steve Howe
Tony Kaye
Trevor Rabin
Chris Squire
Rick Wakeman
Alan White

Disk 1:
Firebird Suite
Yours Is No Disgrace
Rhythm Of Love
City Of Love
Heart Of The Sunrise
Leaves Of Green
Concerto In D/Clap
Make It Easy/Owner Of A Lonely Heart
And You And I
Drum Duet
Hold On
Shock To The System
Solly's Beard

Disk 2:
Changes
Take The Water To The Mountain
Soon
Long Distance Runaround
Whitefish
Amazing Grace
Lift Me Up
Wakeman Solo
Awaken
Roundabout
Starship Trooper

Lineage: 8mm camcorder tapes -> VHS -> DVD -> TooleManTV’s editing suite -> “First Union”

Note: the original 8mm camcorder tapes and first-gen VHS copies were lost in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.

The DVD's made from the first-gen VHS copies are the best available sources that exist. Other copies, including the Gonzo single-disk version, have been re-authored and suffer from a further loss in quality. 

Approximately 25% of the show was captured by only one of the cameras. Between the two cameras, the entire show was recorded.