David Guetta - Nothing But The Beat - The Movie (720p)

This is a YouTube rip. 
 
http://img825.imageshack.us/img825/297/guettamoviefnewsaug11ai.jpg

Nothing But the Beat, a documentary about French house D.J. and producer David Guetta, screened for the first time in the U.S. Tuesday in Los Angeles. EMI/Capitol Records marked the occasion, and the release of his album of the same name, by lighting up its Hollywood building in red.

Nothing But the Beat chronicles Guetta's rise to the pinnacle of the electronica world, from his first gigs in underground gay clubs in France to playing to crowds of 80,000-plus in stadiums and events like the Electric Daisy Carnival around the world. He's interviewed on the road, behind the turntables, awkwardly filming music videos, and in hotel room after hotel room -- all while maintaining good spirits and a sense of humor.


The Huse Monfaradi-directed project, which plays more like a music video or a commercial than a straight documentary, argues that Guetta's hit collaborations with artists like Black Eyed Peas (he produced "I Got a Feeling"), Flo Rida and Nicki Minaj ("Where Them Girls At"), and  Snoop Dogg ("Sweat") have finally pushed electronica, and specifically house music, into the mainstream.

Will.i.am, Flo Rida, Kelly Rowland, Usher, Ludacris and Snoop reinforce that thesis during their interviews in the film. Snoops says Guetta promised him a No. 1 hit worldwide when they collaborated and Guetta delivered with at least Top 5 rankings in various territories. Rowland, who belted it out in "When Love Takes Over," calls Guetta's live act a transformative experience.


Laidback Luke, Fatboy Slim, Laurent Garnier, David Morales, Pete Tong and 2 Many DJs are also among those who weigh in on Guetta's influence on the music industry in the film. And as one interviewer points out, there would be no electronica genre today if it wasn't for the European market and club culture that Guetta and his contemporaries developed.

Jennifer Hudson, Afrojack, Sia, Taio Cruz, Chris Brown, Akon and Jessie J are also featured on various tracks on the Nothing But the Beat album, which celebrated its release with a penthouse party at the Chateau Marmont attended by Will.i.am and others.


Asked how he felt about the Nothing But the Beat album at a Q&A following the film screening, Guetta said, "There's no filler in this album. I'm going back to my roots and showing a different side of myself with it."



----------------------------
Specs:

Format : MPEG-4 
Format profile : Base Media / Version 2 
Codec ID : mp42 
File size : 1.03 GiB 
Duration : 1h 6mn 
Overall bit rate mode : Variable 
Overall bit rate : 2 222 Kbps 

Video 
ID : 1 
Format : AVC 
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec 
Format profile : High@L3.1 
Format settings, CABAC : Yes 
Format settings, ReFrames : 1 frame 
Codec ID : avc1 
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding 
Duration : 1h 6mn 
Bit rate : 2 068 Kbps 
Maximum bit rate : 9 318 Kbps 
Width : 1 280 pixels 
Height : 720 pixels 
Display aspect ratio : 16:9 
Frame rate mode : Constant 
Frame rate : 25.000 fps 
Color space : YUV 
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0 
Bit depth : 8 bits 
Scan type : Progressive 
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.090 
Stream size : 980 MiB (93%) 

Audio 
ID : 2 
Format : AAC 
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec 
Format profile : LC 
Codec ID : 40 
Duration : 1h 6mn 
Bit rate mode : Variable 
Bit rate : 152 Kbps 
Maximum bit rate : 259 Kbps 
Channel(s) : 2 channels 
Channel positions : Front: L R 
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz 
Compression mode : Lossy 
Stream size : 71.9 MiB (7%) 


This is a YouTube rip from the exclusive preview. It has been pulled, so that some countries cannot watch this on YouTube.

