Vinylrip:
Elton John and John Lennon - 28th November 1974

RELEASED:  1975
LABEL: DJM Records
FORMAT: Single 33 rpm
PRODUCER: Gus Dudgeon
BITRATE: 320

Tracks:
Side A:
01. I Saw Her Standing There	
	
Side B:
02. Whatever Gets You Through The Night
03. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds

A fabulous night in rock history - John Lennon made a guest appearance during the show, his first stage performance in years. When Lennon is murdered in December of 1980, this becomes his last ever concert appearance.Lennon is reported as being terrified before going on and the thunderous reception almost brought him and Elton to tears.
Elton and John had made an agreement, after they had appeared on each other's singles earlier in 1974, that if Lennon's single Whatever Gets You Through The Night made #1, then Lennon would appear onstage with Elton. John Lennon appeared on Elton's cover of Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds.

Elton: "We did I Saw Her Standing There which was great and I was so glad we did that. Originally I said, 'Let's do two numbers, but you'll have to do another. Why not do Imagine?' He said, 'Oh no, boring. I've done it before. Let's do a rock and roll song.' So I thought of I Saw Her Standing There which was the first track on the first Beatles album. And he never sang it. It was McCartney who sang it. John was so knocked out because he'd never actually sung the lead before."
"For us it was very emotional and one rock paper crucified us. But it was just an emotional night and nobody could believe it. I knew John would be petrified about doing it, but he really enjoyed it. I was more scared than he was, hoping things would go right for him. But the reaction when he walked on stage..."
"I wish he could have done more numbers because the reaction was so great. But he wanted to go upstairs and be sick. He told me he used to throw up before he went on 
stage. He came to Boston to see us before we did New York, and I've never seen anyone so nervous in my life. He was so worried for us.
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Abrasax/