This is all three of Bernard Cornwell's (the author who created Sharpe) Grail series of books, that tell the story of Thomas of Hookton, an English archer who uncovers his hidden family history and a possible link to the Holy Grail.

1 - Harlequin
2 - Vagabond
3 – Heretic

Harlequin begins a series of stories set in the middle of the fourteenth century, an age when the four horsemen of the apocalypse seem to have been released over Europe. This first book tells how Thomas of Hookton leaves his native Dorset to fight against the French in Brittany and, afterwards, at the battle of Crecy in Picardy. It is a tale of longbows and butchery, especially when England's archers swarm into the Norman city of Caen. And over it all, like a dream, hovers the grail which is the epitome of chivalry and Christian decency, qualities which are in desperately short supply as the armies of France and England struggle at the beginning of what will be known as the Hundred Years War.

Vagabond starts almost as soon as the earlier book ends, carrying on Thomas of Hookton's story. He has been sent back to England to pursue his father's mysterious legacy which hints that the Holy Grail might exist and gets tangled with the Scottish invasion of 1347. He survives that only to discover that various powerful folk in France are pursuing the same quest, a complication that takes Thomas back to Brittany and the brutal fighting about La Roche-Derrien.

Heretic is the third in the 'Grail Quest' series, and it takes Thomas of Hookton south into Gascony and to a final confrontation with his cousin, Guy Vexille. The novel begins with the fall of Calais, and most of the events occur in the subsequent truce, but for Thomas and his companions there can be no truce, only a vicious small war which ends with them being besieged, not just by enemies’ intent on finding the grail, but by the Black Death.
--------

If you enjoy historical such as Sharpe, Hornblower or Emperor (by Conn Iggulden) then these should be right up your street. These are, I think, some of the best books written by Cornwell and are brilliantly well read by Sean Barrett.
--------

Narrator: Sean Barrett
Format: MP3
Bitrate: Book 1 - 96kbps, Book 2 - 64kbps, Book 3 - 32kbps
Chapters: Yes
Cover Art: Yes