Music : Indie : MP3/256Kbps






Junip - In Every Direction (EP)(2011)



Bonus Videos included in this torrent:

*** Junip - LiveBuzz Session (4 Live Videos) ***









The story that leads to Junip's 2010 release is one of patience and perfectionism, frustration and persistence, sheer bloody-mindedness, inspiration and success. The place to which it takes you, however, is one of pastoral contemplation, autumnal grace and inscrutable, haunting serenity. A cosmopolitan three piece from Gothenburg, Sweden featuring Tobias Winterkorn (keyboards), Elias Araya (drums) and Jos Gonzalez (vocals & guitar), the latter of whom you'll be familiar with from his solo work Junip have existed since 1999, maybe even 1998. It's so long, frankly, that none of them are quite sure. Fields, however, is the album that they've been itching to make ever since.

Gonzalez and Araya have been playing together since they were 14. Their love of hardcore led them to form Renascence, (later called Sweet Little Sinister), and they first encountered Winterkorn at shows in Gothenburg in the mid '90s. "We talked about music that wasn't hardcore music," Winterkorn recalls. "I think we were all fed up and talked about doing something new." "Our feeling was that we could do something more interesting with a setting that was more typical of the '60s and 70s'," "By then in Sweden," Gonzalez relates, "it felt like everyone else was into Americana and country with steel stringed guitars," he continues. "We had nylon strings and a Moog."

They started rehearsing at Araya's mother's house, and though Gonzalez initially brought in half-finished songs, "I noticed pretty early that it sounded better if we improvised together first and I then came up with a melody and lyrics." "I remember," Araya reminisces, "that the lack of a full drumkit played a big part in the beginning of how the songs, and especially the drum patterns, were formed". The four-track cassette recordings that emerged caught the ear of Josephine Olausson (currently with Love Is All) and Per Idborg, who released the four-song 7", 'Straight Lines', on their Kakafoni label in 2000. They also latched onto Gonzalez's solo recordings, a fact that ultimately contributed to Junip's unusually lengthy genesis, though it wasn't the only reason it's taken them a decade to record their debut: Araya spent much of 2001-2005 studying art in Finland and Norway, while Winterkorn worked part time as a teacher, spending his spare time building a studio for his own recordings. But it was undeniably the success of Gonzalez's debut album, Veneer, that held things back the most: its initial domestic success in 2003 led to European and US releases (on Peacefrog and Mute respectively) in 2005, in the process selling a million copies and going platinum in the UK.





Junip are a Swedish band featuring José González, famous for his solo work. They released Black Refuge EP at the end of 2005. After a five year hiatus, they released "Fields" on September 14th 2010. A free online EP is also available.

Now, March 2011, a new EP became available: ''In Every Direction''. Including new and unreleased tracks and mixed versions of the title track.





Junip - In Every Direction (EP)(2011)

Tracklist:

01. In Every Direction
02. Pling
03. White Rain
04. Nackrosdammen
05. In Every Direction (White Sea Remix)
06. In Every Direction (Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. Remix)






Junip - LiveBuzz Session (4 Live Videos):

Junip - Interview With Nic Harcourt (LiveBuzz Session)
Junip - I's Alright (LiveBuzz Session)
Junip - Sweet And Bitter (LiveBuzz Session)
Junip - Without You (LiveBuzz Session)






More info:

- http://www.junip.net/

- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Junip

-

- http://www.kcrw.com/music/programs/mb/mb100913junip

- http://pitchfork.com/search/?query=junip&search_type=standard



ENJOY & REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS
