INSTALLATION:
extract "Mass Effect 2.rar" using 7-zip or winrar (www.7-zip.org...it's free)
install game using "setup.exe"
install dlcs by double clicking "DP_Setup.exe"
play

NOTE: the dlc installer has the "update 1.02" in it
------------------
------------------
------------------

Gameplay in Mass Effect 2 is influenced by decisions from the original Mass Effect. Many aspects of the game have been changed and refined, including the removal of long elevator rides, the Mako and a complex inventory system. Conversations with the A.I. have been given a more cinematic touch and players are now able to use a context-sensitive interrupt system. In combat, players now have ammunition and regenerable health.

After the events of Mass Effect, the Normandy is attacked by an unknown starship and Commander Shepard is killed. Shepard's body is recovered and he/she is brought back to life by Cerberus, a human supremacist organization led by the Illusive Man. Shepard eventually learns that the Reapers were responsible and working by proxy through an insect-like species called the Collectors, and that they are responsible for entire human colonies disappearing throughout the galaxy. Shepard must recruit and gain the loyalty of a diverse team in order to defeat the Collectors in a suicide mission.

GAMEPLAY:
Certain decisions made by players in the original Mass Effect impact Mass Effect 2 in some form or another. When starting a new game, players are given an option whether to import saved files. If they choose to import a file, a summary of each one is given to help them decide which one to use. Imported Commander Shepards can be started from scratch if desired.
Players can dictate whether Shepard will die at the end of Mass Effect 2 based on their choices throughout the game. While exploring, recruiting squad members and hunting the Collectors, players can gather enemy intelligence and resources to purchase various upgrades for the Normandy that will have an effect on the final mission. If a player's Shepard dies at the end of the game, he/she cannot be imported into Mass Effect 3. Team members are affected by the player's decisions as well. Players will have missions to gain the loyalty of their squadmates. What the player does during the mission will determine whether they gain the loyalty of the squadmate. Gaining the loyalty of the squadmate will unlock a special power and also help in the final fight on the collector ship. Endings range from the entire team surviving to the entire team being killed, and everything in between.
The galaxy in Mass Effect 2 is more in-depth than in the original Mass Effect. Uncharted worlds, which the player could only explore for "cheap thrills" in the first game, are now smaller but much more detailed. The Mako - used for planetary exploration in the first Mass Effect - was not included in Mass Effect 2. A drop shuttle is used instead, directly transporting the player to areas of immediate interest. Long elevator rides, used to disguise loading times in the original Mass Effect, were removed entirely, replaced by loading screens.
During conversations with the A.I., camera positioning has been improved. Previously static, the camera now moves around to provide a cinematic touch. Another new feature during conversations is a context-sensitive interrupt system; in addition to neutral, Renegade and Paragon dialogue options, Shepard is now able to interrupt the conversation when prompted with on-screen controls.

COMBAT:
Combat in Mass Effect 2 was radically changed from the original Mass Effect. Players can no longer heal themselves with medi-gel; instead, they have regenerating health and can only use medi-gel to revive downed squad mates. The ability to fire a weapon no longer relies on an overheating system; instead, ammunition is used. Ammunition is universal across most standard weapons, unlike in most other games that have a third-person perspective where different weapons require specific ammunition.
There are 19 different weapons divided into 6 types in Mass Effect 2, which is considerably less than in the first Mass Effect. Grenades from the first game have been replaced by heavy weapons, and sub-machine guns have been added as a weapon class. Characters are no longer required to invest in weapon skills; instead, they are given class-specific weapons from the get-go and can easily upgrade them fully. Research can be accomplished for upgrades to weapon damage, ammo capacity, and accuracy. Armor restrictions have been removed and players are able to upgrade their armor through research, and through the purchase of interchangeable components.

PLOT:
Mass Effect 2 begins weeks after the ending of the first game. While patrolling for geth, the Normandy is attacked by an unknown starship, and many crew members die, including Navigator Pressly. The remainder of the crew is then forced to evacuate. During the evacuation, Shepard tosses Joker into the Normandy's final escape pod before being blasted into space. After a suit breach, Shepard asphyxiates and falls to the planet below. With the help of former squadmate Liara T'Soni, Shepard's body is retrieved by a human supremacist organization called Cerberus and they spend two years resurrecting him/her. Once revived, Shepard awakes aboard a besieged station, where he/she helps Cerberus agents Jacob Taylor and Miranda Lawson escape. Immediately after, Shepard is given an audience with the Illusive Man, head of Cerberus.
The Illusive Man informs Shepard that entire populations of human colonies are disappearing all over the galaxy; he believes the Reapers are responsible, and are working by proxy through an insect-like species called the Collectors. Shepard is convinced of the Illusive Man's theory after visiting a recently-attacked colony called Freedom's Progress, and agrees to help him stop the Collectors by eventually traveling through the Omega-4 Relay, from which no ship has ever returned. Shepard is given command of a new Normandy, piloted by Joker and equipped with an onboard A.I. named EDI.
Shepard recruits four new squadmates – salarian scientist Mordin Solus, former squadmate Garrus Vakarian, convict Jack and genetically engineered krogan Grunt – before receiving intel from the Illusive Man that another human colony called Horizon is under attack. Despite the influence of Harbinger, a powerful Reaper with the ability to assume direct control of random Collectors at will, Shepard successfully stops the attack, though a large portion of the colony's population is captured. Following the mission, Shepard's reunion with former squadmate Ashley Williams or Kaidan Alenko turns sour due to Shepard's alliance with Cerberus.
Shepard continues to recruit squadmates, adding three more – former squadmate Tali, Asari justicar Samara, or her daughter Morinth, depending on the players choices, and drell assassin Thane Krios – until the Illusive Man contacts Shepard about a Collector ship supposedly disabled by turians. As Shepard and his/her squad board the ship, they surprisingly encounter no Collector resistance, and Shepard learns that the Collectors were originally Protheans that were turned into slaves of the Reapers. With EDI's help, Shepard finds out how to bypass the Omega-4 relay before being ambushed by the Collectors. Although Shepard and the Normandy manage to escape the Collector ship, relations between Shepard and the Illusive Man are strained, due to the latter's knowledge of the Collector trap.
After optionally earning the loyalty of his/her squadmates, Shepard visits a derelict Reaper and acquires an IFF transponder necessary for safe travel through the Omega-4 relay, and later acquires an unconscious geth. If activated, the geth adopts the name Legion and voluntarily joins the squad. Soon after, the Normandy integrates the IFF into her systems while Shepard and the squad leave the ship in a shuttle. During their absence, the Normandy is attacked and boarded by the Collectors; only Joker (who briefly becomes a playable character during the invasion) avoids capture.
After Shepard's squad returns to the Normandy, they use the Omega-4 Relay to get to the Collector base. They manage to board the base, rescue any surviving members of the Normandy, and fight their way to the central chamber. Here, Shepard discovers that the Collectors have been constructing a new Reaper made from the abducted humans, although EDI is unsure of its true purpose. Shepard destroys the machine powering the human Reaper and prepares to destroy the Collector base. However, before doing so, the Illusive Man contacts Shepard and gives the order to sterilize the base with a radiation pulse so its information can be used against the Reapers. After choosing to destroy or sterilize the base, Shepard destroys the awakened human-reaper larva and - if enough squadmates survived - escapes the base before the bomb detonates. On the Normandy, Shepard speaks with the Illusive Man, who either congratulates or condemns his/her actions. As Shepard meets in the Normandy's cargo bay with the survivors of the mission, Joker gives him the schematics of a Reaper.
If Shepard did not survive the suicide mission, then Joker instead talks to the Illusive Man who tells him that Shepard's legend will not be forgotten. Afterwards, Joker is seen mourning over Shepard's coffin, but then he returns to the helm.
Regardless of the ending, humanity now has the full attention of the Reapers, who awaken in dark space, and descend upon the galaxy, beginning the events of Mass Effect 3.

DLC:
Mass Effect 2 features a variety of downloadable content (DLC), including some that is vital to the series' plot. In Lair of the Shadow Broker, the Shadow Broker side quest from Mass Effect is resolved. In Arrival, Commander Shepard investigates evidence of a Reaper invasion, leading to events that bridge to Mass Effect 3.
Other plot-related DLC includes the loyalty missions "Zaeed - The Price of Revenge" and "Kasumi - Stolen Memory", Normandy Crash Site, Firewalker Pack and Overlord. "Overlord", "Lair of the Shadow Broker" and "Kasumi: Stolen Memories" are already burnt onto the disc of the PS3 version of Mass Effect 2.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
all doom, heretic sotsr, hexen + ddc, n similar stuff (52 games)    NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk