Downloader Instructions

The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 34 - Cleopatra - Liz Taylor - Richard Burton




POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 34 - Cleopatra - Liz Taylor - Richard Burton                

Discription

In 48 B.C., Caesar pursues Pompey from Pharsalia to Egypt. Ptolemy, now supreme ruler after deposing his older sister, Cleopatra, attempts to gain favor with Caesar by presenting the conquerer with the head of Pompey, borne by his governors, Pothinos and Achillas. To win Caesar's support from her brother, Cleopatra hides herself in a rug, which Apollodorus, her servant, presents to Caesar. The Roman is immediately infatuated; banishing Ptolemy, he declares Cleopatra Egypt's sole ruler and takes her as his mistress. A son, Caesarion, is born of their union. Caesar, however, must return to Italy. Although he is briefly reunited with Cleopatra during a magnificent reception for the queen in Rome, Caesar is assassinated shortly thereafter, and Cleopatra returns to Egypt. When Mark Antony, Caesar's protégé, beholds Cleopatra aboard her elaborate barge at Tarsus some years later, he is smitten and becomes both her lover and military ally. Their liaison notwithstanding, Antony, to consolidate his position in Rome, marries Octavia, sister of the ambitious Octavian. The marriage satisfies no one. Cleopatra is infuriated, and Antony, tiring of his Roman wife, returns to Egypt. There he flaunts his liaison by marrying Cleopatra in a public ceremony. Sensing Antony's weakness, Octavian attacks and defeats his forces at Actium. Alarmed, Cleopatra withdraws her fleet and seeks refuge in her tomb. Written by alfiehitchie

The story of Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt who wants to stabilize her power by using the tensions in the Roman Empire. Caesar visits Egypt, has an affair with her, and returns to Rome. She bears his child and visits Rome to claim her place at Caesar's side. He is murdered before this can happen. She returns to Egypt leaving Rome in turmoil. Mark Antony follows her to Egypt and they fall in love. However, Octavian defeats Anthony in battle. Written by Simon Hedges

Epic saga of the legendary Queen's reign from the time Julius Caesar arrived in Egypt until her death some 18 years later. Cleopatra is portrayed as a schemer, firstly to gain control over the Egyptian kingdom from her brother with whom she ruled jointly. Having gained the confidence of Caesar, they become lovers and she bears him the son he never had. Her attempts at ensuring that the boy takes his rightful place in Rome are thwarted when Caesar is assassinated and she flees back to Egypt. Many years later Marc Antony, now responsible for the eastern half of the Roman Empire, seeks an alliance with Egypt. He and Cleopatra become lovers and form a military alliance but are forced to retreat after losing a major naval encounter at Actium. Both eventually take their own lives.



Coming Soon.....My Last Conspiracy Fact

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved - Jesus Lives
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                     Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                          End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                               Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                              Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                        Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                     Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                    Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
           (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    

 
                                  