The Most Dangerous Game 1932

"The Most Dangerous Game" is a 1932 Pre-Code adaptation of the 1924 short story of the same name by Richard Connell, the first film version of that story. The plot concerns a big game hunter on an island who chooses to hunt humans for sport. The film stars Joel McCrea, Leslie Banks, and King Kong leads Fay Wray and Robert Armstrong, and was made by a team including Ernest B. Schoedsack and Merian C. Cooper, the co-directors of King Kong (1933).

Synopsis

     While sailing through treacherous shark-infested channels, the yacht carrying Bob Rainsford, a noted big game hunter, strikes a coral reef and sinks. Bob swims to the shore of a tiny island, the only survivor of the wreck, and locates a mysterious fortress, which is owned by the Russian Count Zaroff. A gracious if intense host, Zaroff introduces Bob to Eve Trowbridge and her brother Martin, who are also recent shipwreck survivors. Zaroff, finding Bob a kindred spirit, reveals his obsessive passion for hunting and refers obtusely to his favorite island pastime, the pursuit of "the most dangerous game." As the evening progresses, Martin becomes more intoxicated, while his sister tries to warn Bob to be wary of Zaroff. Later that night, Zaroff invites Martin to his "trophy room," which boasts several mounted human heads, and informs him that his head will soon be joining the others on the wall. When Martin fails to return to his room, Eve solicits Bob's help, and they soon end up in the trophy room where they are caught by Zaroff. Once Martin's corpse is revealed, Zaroff tells Bob that he is to be the next unwilling player in the game. According to Zaroff's rules, the prize if Zaroff kills Bob will be Eve, but if Bob escapes death before 4 a.m., he will receive freedom and Eve. With Eve in tow, Bob runs into the swampy, fog-enshrouded forest, where he successfully eludes Zaroff's arrows. While Bob battles one of the count's killer hunting dogs, Zaroff shoots at him, and dog and man fall over a cliff into the ocean. Confident that he has won Eve, Zaroff returns to his fortress, only to discover later that Bob is still alive. After a fierce fight, Bob kills Zaroff and his men, and escapes the island with Eve.

Cast & Crew
Ernest B. Schoedsack Director
Irving Piche Director
Joel McCrea as Bob [Rainsford]
Fay Wray as Eve [Trowbridge]
Robert Armstrong as Martin [Trowbridge]
Leslie Banks as [Count] Zaroff
Noble Johnson as Ivan
Steve Clemento as Tartar
William Davidson as Captain
Dutch Hendrian as Hale Hamilton

Release Date 16 Sep 1932
Black and White

Sound Mono (RCA Photophone System)
Duration (in mins) 61 or 63
Duration (in reels) 7
Distribution Company RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
Production Company RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. Company: Ernest B. Schoedsack Company: Merian C. Cooper
Country United States

Independent Review:

"The Most Dangerous Game" is a surprisingly good little thriller that runs just over an hour. It was made the year before "King Kong" by many of the same people that were involved that classic. In fact many of the "run through the jungle" scenes are very similar to those in the later film.

The film opens with a realistic staged ship wreck (achieved mostly with convincing miniatures) from which only Bob Rainsford (Joel McCrea) survives. He crawls ashore on a mysterious island and finds his way to a creepy castle inhabited by a Russian Count named Zaroff (Leslie Banks). There he meets the lovely Eve (Fay Wray) and her drunken brother Martin (Robert Armstrong), who were also ship wrecked.

It turns out that the "Game" of the title is the mad Count hunting down and killing human prey. Naturally, McCrea and Wray ultimately wind up as the hunted.

A very young McCrea is excellent as the hero and Wray, fetching as the heroine. Banks, however, and Armstrong for that matter, are way over the top in their roles. Banks in that early talkie style, enunciates every syllable and bugs out his eyes at every opportunity.

Still and all, "The Most Dangerous Game" is exciting and well made and worth a look.

Another Review:

General Zarkoff on the prowel.

Reentering the public conciousness when referenced in David Fincher’s story of the Zodiac killer, The Most Dangerous Game is exciting and thoughtful. Clocking in at just over 60 minutes, not a moment is wasted nor a minute more required for the films realization of intentions and goals. Targeted on the destructive nature of Homosapien desires and our unique affinity to murder for pleasure, the film makes a powerful point about mistreatment of the animal kingdom and the illusion of civilization.

Comfortably paced and avoiding quaintness, perhaps slightly limited by the simplicity of its time the jungle adventure atmosphere still snares the audience. There are some violent concepts that surely shocked upon original release. For instance, the head in a jar makes a statement about meaningless trophies.

The venomous black and white cinematography and sheathed lighting substitute rollicking escapism with something more menacing. Sure it works as light entertainment, but lurking in the shadows of subtext is a panther eying fresh meat.

Requiring little script exposition the archetypal 1930’s characters are easily understood letting James Ashmore Creelman hone their purpose in the narrative. The basic storytelling giving modern audiences time to reflect on every nuance and unearth universal truths that may never change.

Performed with the theatrics of the era, Joel McRea made a career out of playing stoic heroes and Fay Wray the damsel in distress. The film is a great example of their iconic work. The macho posturing of Bob and the bygone beauty of Eve viewed through modern eyes offer insight into past social ideals on the bigscreen.

Making his movie debut Leslie Banks (Jamaica Inn, The Man Who Knew Too Much) hijacks the frame as the communist count, his gleefully maniacal portrayal giving the villain an equal presence to his counterpart.

Black actor in “white face” Noble Johnson also starred in Robert Wise’s 1945 remake A Game of Death. Playing Ivan the Cossack in a way that means being dialogue free increases strength. His stature ensures menace while Ivan’s disabilities inject vulnerability.


Another Review:

The Most Dangerous Game is vintage must see, an essential component for those who appreciate the fundamentals of cinema history and evolution. Based on author Richard Connell’s short story it’s abundant in themes and scenarios that have served as a blueprint for an entire genre ever since. Beyond that its place in the pantheon of moving pictures is assured by being shot simultaneously with the original King Kong using much of the same cast, crew and sets.

Directed by Irvin Pichel (Santa Fe, She) and Ernest B. Schoedsack (King Kong, Mighty Joe Young), adapted for the screen by James Ashmore Creelman (King Kong, The Last Days of Pompeii[/B) and starring Fay Wray ([B]King Kong) and Joel McCrea (Ride the High Country, The Virginian). The plot is simple and effective.

A ship occupied by adventurous souls enters treacherous waters and sinks. The lone survivor is Bob Rainsford (Joel McCrea), a great white hunter from New York who struggles to the shore of a deserted Caribbean Island.

Discovers that he’s not alone, Rainsford staggers towards a misplaced castle occupied by Russian Aristocrat General Zarkoff (Leslie Banks) and Ivan (Noble Johnson) his deaf mute henchman.

Entering the isolated chateau Bob meets drunken Martin (Robert Armstrong) and anxious Eve (Fay Wray), a pair of castaways stranded from an earlier shipwreck. While Martin imbibes in his unbalanced host’s gracious hospitality, Eve suspects foul play.

Unsettled despite the luxurious surroundings the truth of their keeper’s sinister intentions will bring a deadly struggle for survival. Obsessed with the pursuit of prey Zarkoff is searching for an adversary more challenging than wildlife. Now he quenches his primal blood lust stalking the most dangerous game of all, man..
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6003960/The_American_Religion_Defined_In_The_Declaration_of_Independence 