Sex-Ploytation.How.Women.Abuse.Men.Using.Their.Sexuality.(A Must Read)[J-William]

Twenty-five years ago, a remarkable book was published entitled The Manipulated Man.
Its author was Esther Vilar, an Argentinian-born physician and psychologist, who had
emigrated from her native Buenos Aires to West Germany. From the vantage point of
such rich cultural experience, Vilar was in a unique position to cast a critical eye on the
social milieu of the 1960's and 70's; and because she had managed to disencumber herself
from the hypocrisy so natural to her gender, she was free to unleash her intelligence as a
ruthlessly honest critic of male/female relationships.
Although it was only a slim volume, The Manipulated Man nevertheless packed the
wallop of a hand grenade. Vilar's crucial thesis was that women, by manipulating men
with sex, have conditioned them to respond like Pavlov's dogs, to be shackled into a
lifetime of subservience and slavery for the fulfillment of female desires. It was a coldblooded
manipulation, indeed. To Vilar, the typical American housewife was nothing
more than a parasitic prostitute living off the bounty of her husband's hard labor,
mercilessly goading him to make more money so that she could enjoy the finer things in
life without any expenditure of effort on her part. In her words: "Women live an animal
existence. They like eating, drinking, sleeping-even sex, providing there is nothing to do
and no real effort is required of them."
Extreme though her conclusions appeared to be, nevertheless Vilar had hit her target dead
center. Predictably enough, the book touched off a furor of controversy and female rage
(it was vilified as a textbook of misogyny). Women's age-old scam of trading sex for
food and shelter, so long whitewashed by tacit societal approval, had been suddenly
spotlighted under the stark glare of public scrutiny. Women protested; Vilar was
condemned as a traitor to her gender; copies of the book were confiscated and burned by
threatened wives and girlfriends. The female con game had been at last exposed, and the
truth burned like the slash of a knife.
The late 60's and early 70's was an era of abrupt and tumultuous cultural change, and
Vilar might have thought she had touched a nerve in younger readers. Giddily
empowered by a reckless interpretation of the new fad of feminism, women began to
burn their bras and to clamor for better jobs and pay equal to their male counterparts. The
invention of the birth control pill freed them to experiment with sex, to enjoy its pleasures
without fear of pregnancy. The sort of women Vilar had been castigating-housewives
idling away their afternoons lunching with girlfriends and withholding sex until their
husbands bought them a bigger diamond ring or a fur coat-suddenly seemed hopelessly
passé. An unstoppable tide of liberation seemed to have turned. Yesterday's whores
would hand down their burnt-out torches of greed to an enlightened generation of women
who treasured men as partners in life, not meal tickets. Sex had become a celebration, no
longer a tool to extort money from men. A new age had begun......



download to read

seed! seed! seed!	

kick ass torrent http://www.kat.ph/user/j-william/	