Description





POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - Creation - 08 - The Incredible Creatures of Creation + Extras



POtHS - Creation 08 - The Incredible Creatures of Creation + Extras


POtHS Comments on This one......... Excellent


Description:
The Incredible Creatures That Defy Evolution Series enters the fascinating world of animals to reveal sophisticated and complex designs that shake the traditional foundations of evolutionary theory.

This series features Dr. Jobe Martin, who for the past 20 years, has been exploring evolution vs. creation. His findings have been fascinating students around the world as he lectures on these remarkable animal designs that cannot be explained by traditional evolution.

Dr. Martin himself was a traditional evolutionist, but his medical and scientific training would go through an evolution…rather a revolution when he began to study animals that challenged the scientific assumptions of his education. This was the beginning of the evolution of a creationist.

Volume 1
Volume 2
Volume 3

Have you ever wondered....

• Are there really creatures that produce fire to defend themselves?

• How certain birds can navigate over thousands of miles of ocean and never get lost?

• How fireflies and glowworms can create pure light that generates no heat?

• How great whales can dive to the bottom of the ocean without the pressure causing them to implode?

• How some creatures can be cut in half and still regenerate themselves? Even grow a new head?

• What incredible flying insect became the inspiration for the design of the helicopter?

Get The Creation Science Pack  and save even more!


IT IS HERE POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99A - Creating An Event In Heaven - Face To Face With Jesus & The Holy Spirit
 Solved - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    


   
 