About:
With WinASO EasyTweak, customizing Windows user interface becomes a simple and interesting task.
Programs automatically launched at system startup can seriously affect system startup speed. The Startup Manager lists all the programs launched on startup (even ones that you may not be aware of) so that you can quickly find out what they are doing and whether you need them.

Features:

Customize computer:
With WinASO EasyTweak, customizing Windows user interface becomes a simple and interesting task.
You can easily customize the following Windows components:
Start Menu & Taskbar
Control Panel
Windows Explorer
Desktop
Other system displays

Customize Internet Explorer Settings:
Want to easily control and modify your IE? WinASO EasyTweak offers you maximum convenience to make changes to your IE.


With WinASO EasyTweak, you can
 
Modify IE appearance
Hide IE favorites
Clear selected IE histories, cookies, and typed URL histories
Modify IE security settings
 
Startup Manager:
Programs automatically launched at system startup can seriously affect system startup speed. The Startup Manager lists all the programs launched on startup (even ones that you may not be aware of) so that you can quickly find out what they are doing and whether you need them.
 
Windows Optimizer:
Many of the Windows default services are not useful for most users. Windows Optimizer can safely guide you through the system configuration to optimize PC performance and memory usage

The optimized settings include
 
Windows cache
Windows time out setting
Security settings
More

Connection Optimizer:
The Connection Optimizer improves your internet surfing performance by changing the underlying internet settings as well as other related system settings that may affect the connection speed.
 
Intelligent Task Manager:
Wondering what processes are running in the backend and what they are doing? Unlike Windows default task manger, Easy Tweak’s Task Manager not only identifies the process name and attributes, but also gives clear description of what it is. It helps you decide what to leave running and what to shut off.
 
Many more advanced tools:
WinASO EasyTweak provides many more convenient and useful tools such as program restrictor, system information, configuration files editor, etc.

enjoy.......& KEEP SEEDING