 http://bayimg.com/aAkPCAaDE

Nine 1/2 Weeks (1986) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091635/

9½ Weeks is a 1986 erotic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne and starring Mickey Rourke and Kim Basinger. It is based on the novel of the same name by Elizabeth McNeill.

  Mickey Rourke  ...  John  
  Kim Basinger  ...  Elizabeth  
  Margaret Whitton  ...  Molly  
  David Margulies  ...  Harvey  
  Christine Baranski  ...  Thea  
  Karen Young  ...  Sue  
  William De Acutis  ...  Ted (as William DeAcutis)  
  Dwight Weist  ...  Farnsworth  

The film was not a major success commercially in the United States, grossing only $7 million at the box office from a $17 million budget. In addition, it received mixed reviews. However, despite its only moderate success in North America, the film acquired a large fanbase on video and was a huge success internationally. The film is now well known for its erotic sadomasochistic content.

The film spawned two direct-to-video sequels, Another 9½ Weeks (1997) and The First 9½ Weeks (1998).

9½ Weeks has a mixed 62% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Roger Ebert gave the film three and half stars, stating: "A lot of the success of "9½ Weeks" is because Rourke and Basinger make the characters and their relationship convincing". He further elaborated by saying that their relationship was believable, and unlike many other characters in other erotic films at that time, the characters in this movie are much more real and human.

The film was nominated for three categories in the 1986 Golden Raspberry Awards, Worst Actress (Kim Basinger), Worst Original Song (Jonathan Elias, John Taylor, Michael Des Barres), and Worst Screenplay (Patricia Louisianna Knop, Zalman King, Sarah Kernochan).

The main single released from the 9½ Weeks: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was "I Do What I Do," performed by Duran Duran bassist John Taylor, giving his first solo singing performance during a hiatus in Duran Duran's career. The song reached #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #42 on the UK Singles Chart. Music for the score was composed by Taylor and Jonathan Elias. Original music for the movie was also written by Jack Nitzsche, but his compositions are not included on the soundtrack.

The soundtrack also included tracks from Luba, Bryan Ferry, Dalbello, Corey Hart, Joe Cocker, Devo, Eurythmics and Stewart Copeland. Winston Grennan's reggae "Savior" as well as Jean Michel Jarre's "Arpegiator," played during the sex scene on the stairs in the rain, were not included on the record.

