Please seed!

Chester Burton Atkins (June 20, 1924 – June 30, 2001), better known as Chet Atkins, was an American guitarist and record producer who created, along with Owen Bradley, the smoother country music style known as the Nashville sound, which expanded country's appeal to adult pop music fans as well.

Atkins's picking style, inspired by Merle Travis, Django Reinhardt, George Barnes and Les Paul, brought him admirers within and outside the country scene, both in the United States and internationally. Atkins produced records for Perry Como, Elvis Presley, the Everly Brothers, Eddy Arnold, Don Gibson, Jim Reeves, Jerry Reed, Skeeter Davis, Connie Smith, Waylon Jennings and others.

Among many honors, Atkins received 14 Grammy Awards as well as the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, nine Country Music Association Instrumentalist of the Year awards, and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chet_Atkins


AMG reviewby Thom Jurek

Despite the fact that this isn't on RCA and one can debate the "very best-of" in the title some, this is nonetheless a great double-disc collection by guitar great and country music pioneer Chet Atkins. These 40 sides cover the 1940s,
'50s, and early '60s as Atkins developed as an artist who sang cowboy songs in quartets, into a swashbuckling guitarist, and finally as a countrypolitain superstar -- a sound he developed in Nashville studios while heading RCA's country division. Whether it's killer pickin' swing, such as on "Canned Heat," or the easy yet jazzy country of "Indian Love Call," or the bluegrass inspired "Main Street Breakdown," Atkins' genius is on display in spades. In addition to the music, there is complete discographical annotation inside, and a decent if rudimentary liner essay. Best of all, the price is extremely
attractive. This is one well worth seeking out as a great mix for the seasoned fan and the merely curious. 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-best-of-chet-atkins-columbia-r871863


Chet Atkins & Mark Knopfler - The Best Of Chet Atkins
Columbia 2001

01  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Poor Boy Blues (with Mark Knopfler)
02  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Young Thing
03  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Cheek To Cheek
04  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Dream
05  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Read My Licks
06  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - I Still Write Your Name In The Snow
07  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Ave Maria
08  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - There'll Be Some Changes Made (with Mark Knopfler)
09  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - After You've Gone
10  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Love Letters
11  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Pu, Uana Hulu (Remembering Gabby)
12  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Every Now And Then
13  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Jam Man
14  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Sometime, Someplace
15  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins -  Sweet Dreams (with Mark Knopfler)
16  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - My Song
17  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - Laffin' At Life
18  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins - On A Roll
19  Chet Atkins - The Best Of Chet Atkins -  Sunrise (with George Benson)
