Sybex | ISBN: 978-0-470-55420-3 | PDF + CD | 816 pages| May 2010


Description
The ideal on-the-job reference guide for SQL Server 2008 database administrators

If you manage and administer SQL Server 2008 in the real world, you need this detailed guide at your desk. From planning to disaster recovery, this practical book explores tasks and scenarios that a working SQL Server DBA faces regularly and shows you step by step how to handle them. Topics include installation and configuration, creating databases and tables, optimizing the database server, planning for high availability, and more.

And, if you're preparing for MCTS or MCITP certification in SQL Server 2008 administration, this book is the perfect supplement to your preparation, featuring a CD with practice exams, flashcards, and video walkthroughs of the more difficult administrative tasks

* Delves into Microsoft's SQL Server 2008, a rich set of enterprise-level database services for business-critical applications
* Explores the skills you'll need on the job as a SQL Server 2008 administrator
* Shows you how to implement, maintain, and repair the SQL Server database, including bonus videos on the CD where the authors walks you through the more difficult tasks
* Covers database design, installation and configuration, creating databases and tables, security, backup and high availability, and more
* Supplements your preparation for MCTS and MCITP SQL Server 2008 certification with in-depth coverage of the skill sets required for certification, as defined by Microsoft
* Uses hands-on exercises and real-world scenarios to keep what you're learning grounded in the reality of the workplace

Make sure you're not only prepared for certification, but also for your job as a SQL Server 2008 administrator, with this practical reference!

Note: CD-ROM/DVD and other supplementary materials are not included as part of eBook file.

Contents
Introduction.
Part I Introducing SQL Server 2008.
Chapter 1 Understanding SQL Server's Role.
Chapter 2 Installing SQL Server 2008.
Chapter 3 Working with the Administration Tools.
Chapter 4 SQL Server Command-Line Administration.
Part II Designing Database Solutions.
Chapter 5 Database Concepts and Terminology.
Chapter 6 ERD and Capacity Planning.
Chapter 7 Normalization: Enough Is Enough.
Part III Implementing Database Solutions.
Chapter 8 Creating SQL Server Databases.
Chapter 9 Creating Tables.
Chapter 10 Indexes and Views.
Chapter 11 Triggers and Stored Procedures.
Chapter 12 Implementing Advanced Features.
Part IV Administration and Maintenance.
Chapter 13 Creating Jobs, Operators, and Alerts.
Chapter 14 Performance Monitoring and Tuning.
Chapter 15 Policy-Based Management.
Chapter 16 Backup and Restoration.
Part V SQL Server Security.
Chapter 17 Security Threats and Principles.
Chapter 18 Authentication and Encryption.
Chapter 19 Security Best Practices.
Part VI High Availability and Data Distribution.
Chapter 20 SQL Server Failover Clustering.
Chapter 21 Database Mirroring and Snapshots.
Chapter 22 Implementing Replication.
Appendix A Microsoft's Certification Program.
Appendix B About the Companion CD.
Glossary.
Index.