Formed on August  29 2002 in Hamburg,Germany by guitarist,songwriter & producer Gabriele Palermo.The idea behind was to form a band with Gabriele's favourite musical elements,Power,Speed,Heavy,Melody and Musicianship but in a format that anyone can listen to.Drawing inspiration from such bands as Dio era Rainbow,Deep Purple,Dokken,Ratt,Fifth Angel,House Of Lords,Iron Maiden,Black Sabbath & Stratovarius and such solo artists as Yngwie Malmsteen,John Norum,James Byrd and David Chastain.Since the bands formation all musical activities was overseen by Gabriele whether it's songwriting,producing or live shows to ensure the right path is taken.Tragedian has shared the stage with known bands as Paragon,Pagan's Mind,Mob Rules,Eternal reign and embarked on their first tour of Scandinavia in March 2009 with Burning Point, & Cryonic Temple.

After the release of the long awaited debut "Dreamscape",Mk III Tragedian was no more as personal issues,family and other comitments came to a head and desicions had to be made.Since a tour was already in the works Gabriele reached out to ex singer and friend Patrick Van Maurick to step in and do the tour.The tour got underway with the rythem section and keyboard player from Burning Point Supporting Tragedian.After 14 days on the road together,back in Hamburg Gabriele started working on the follow up to "Dreamscape".First on the list was to find a new line up.Before the year was over,Tragedian Mk 4 is now confirmed as vocalist Val Shieldon (ex Oracle sun) , bassist Steve Vawamas (ex Shadows Of  Steel) and friend and keyboardist Dany All (Synthphonia Suprema,Fogalord) and have commenced work on the next cd.





Current line-up  
Gabriele Palermo : Guitar, Keyboard  
Stefan Otte : Bass, Back Vocals  
Timo Behrens : Vocals  



2008 - Dreamscape



1. Tartarus  
2. The Eternal Fight  
3. Turn Back Time  
4. Immortality  
5. Dreamscape  
6. Broken Dream  
7. New Promise Land  
8. Napoleon  
9. Trials of Fire  
10. Conquerors  
11. Conquerors (Orchestral Version)
