TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: DU Meter v5.4.3387 (c) 2011 DeskSoft
Date: 01/18/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ
Release Type: Registration/Serial Crack, Precracked, RegFile
RELEASE NOTES

Why you need DU Meter

Get a grip on your network traffic
Keep an eye on your Internet connection: see data coming in or
going out

Have you ever found yourself wondering why some downloads seem to
take an eternity to complete, or why your e-mail program seems to
be stuck in the middle of e-mail retrieval. Is it really hanging
or maybe it's just downloading a large e-mail attachment? DU
Meter provides the answer to these and other mysteries, and can
also alert you of dangerous or unexpected network activity
Watching your data transfer rates can be very enlightening no
matter what you do online, and you'll soon be wondering how you
managed without DU Meter before

DU Meter for parents and business managers
Receive alerts about dangerous or unexpected network activity

If you have teenage children or if you own or manage a small
business, you already know how hard it is to enforce certain
rules for network usage, while respecting child's or employee's
privacy

If you install DU Meter on your child's or employee's computer
you can configure it to report back to you via email when monthly
or weekly network traffic exceeds a certain threshold. DU Meter
will let you know if someone is breaking your rules (For example
using peer-to-peer software to share films and music). Since DU
Meter 5, the software can even prevent any further Internet
connectivity once the alert condition has been met, without any
user intervention

Remember, you are legally responsible for what your kids are
doing online. And while sharing music or videos may seem benign
to them, copyright holding companies are suing peer-to-peer
network users for thousands of dollars for copyright violations
DU Meter can alert you in time, so this kind of activity can be
prevented

Is your unlimited Internet really unlimited?
Protect yourself from unexpected charges or Internet service
disruption

Many Internet users believe their "unlimited" account lets them
surf the Internet, send large email attachments and download as
many movies and songs as they choose. However it is well
documented by the media that many Internet Service Providers
both in the U.S. and elsewhere, do in fact set definite usage
limits, even though they may advertise to the contrary. Some will
take drastic measures like termination of an account without any
advance warning, if these limits are exceeded. DU Meter can
create detailed reports of the total network traffic volume on
your computer and can alert you if certain limits are surpassed
If you have teenage children or if you own or manage a business
DU Meter can be especially useful for you to you too

DU Meter 5.0 new features:

Most important features in DU Meter 5.0
DU Meter can discriminate between Internet and local LAN
traffic, and monitor either of them. It can figure out what is
Internet and what is LAN traffic automatically, or you can
supply a list of IP subnetworks you wish to monitor or ignore
If your networking traffic is not free (or it starts to cost
you over a certain monthly limit), DU Meter can calculate and
display total cost of traffic during this billing period
Peak/off-peak rates are supported too
DU Meter can terminate all network connections as a result of
an alert condition being met. E.g. you can specify that if
monthly or daily traffic is over a certain limit, no more
network traffic will be initiated
Alerts may be based on current monthly charges
Many bug fixes and improvements in stability and robustness
DU Meter can automatically recover now from database corruption
(extremely rare)
Still light system resources usage: Despite all these
improvements, DU Meter still takes very little system resources

Display improvements
Explorer deskband mode - DU Meter can attach itself to Windows
taskbar for unobtrusive and prominent display
Full support for 64-bit Windows - including Sidebar and Windows
taskbar integration
Several new types of graphs available, in addition to DU Meter
"classic" mode
Numerical display can show either current throughput values, or
total monthly traffic, or monthly charges (network traffic
costs)
Sub-pixel anti-aliased drawing for more visually pleasing
display
Numerical display is highlighted if alert condition is in
effect
"Click-through" mode - DU Meter window is visible and
semi-translucent, and all mouse clicks go to the application
below

Reporting improvements

Reports network data transfer costs if configured
Report file names can be automatically based on computer name
or current date
Many other improvements and bug fixes

Whats New in v5.04:

Taskbar band settings were not retained after a reboot - fixed
Statistics collection driver optimizations to lower system
resources consumption
Several minor bug fixes and improvements

For More Info on DU Meter Visit: 
http://www.hageltech.com/dumeter/
TE Release Filename: tedum504.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install DUMeter-Install.exe. MAKE SURE DU METER AND IT'S SERVICE
IS NOT RUNNING, kill the service (DUMeterSvc.exe) with
taskmanager. After installation (DO NOT REBOOT) copy precracked
exes from the Crack folder into DU Meter's installed folder
making sure to overwrite the existing files. Next import
Registration.reg into your registry by double clicking the file
You now have a fully registered version of DU Meter! Reboot your
pc if required

Thats it! Enjoy
