

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

Chuck Missler







POtHS 4 - Chuck Missler - Kingdom Come - Whole Counsel of God - Manifesto of Our King


   



POtHS - Chuck Missler - Kingdom Come - Whole Counsel of God - Manifesto of Our King - DivX



POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director: More good stuff from Chuck Missler



POtHS - Chuck Missler - Thy Kingdom Come - Video Bible Study


In this briefing pack Thy Kingdom Come, Chuck Missler gives insight into the questions, Are you ready? Do you understand? Does your behavior now matter later?

"Thy Kingdom come...." (Matt 6:10) is part of the "Lord's Prayer" and yet few Christians have any idea what it is really about. Not only were we instructed to pray for its coming but it is the first thing we are to pray for! Now is the time to prepare for its coming. Gabriel promised Mary that Jesus would sit upon the Throne of David. Has this happened yet? Is there a relationship between the Millennium and the Davidic Kingdom.

This Divx includes notes in PDF format and MP3 files.



POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Whole Counsel of God

Our Lord repeatedly instructed us: "Be not deceived." That is an imperative: a command, not simply a suggestion. But how? What are the tools to prevent our being deceived or misled?

The context of a passage is always a primary consideration in the search for understanding of a passage of Scripture. It is often cited, "A verse out of context is a pretext." And, indeed, one must always maintain an awareness of both who is doing the speaking and the audience being addressed. However, this foundational emphasis can also be a restrictive blindfold to some of a passage's deeper (and broader) implications.

This DVD includes:
PDF Notes File
MP3 files

Encoding: (Very Happy) (Very Happy) :Divx
Format: Color, Fullscreen
Aspect Ratio: 4:3
Audio Encoding: Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo
Run Time: 2 hour(s)
Number of discs: 1

POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Manifesto of Our King

The Manifesto of Our King

The Sermon on the Mount is the manifesto of our King and the platform of the Prince of Peace. And it's the Law! It goes vastly beyond the Law of Moses. It is the Ten Commandments amplified and expanded. It raises the law to the nth degree.

As the Law of the Kingdom, it is the highest ethical teaching in the Bible. It will be the law of this world during the Millennium, and then it will find full fruition. Christ will reign on earth in person and will enforce every word of it. The Sermon on the Mount will finally prevail when He whose right it is to rule shall come.

This DVD includes notes in PDF format and MP3 files.

Encoding: (Very Happy) (Very Happy) :Divx
Format: Color, Fullscreen
Aspect Ratio: 4:3
Audio Encoding: Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo
Run Time: 2 hour(s)
Number of discs: 1



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS






 
