Futurama Season 1 (full) With Dutch Subs.

Season 1, Episode 1: Space Pilot 3000
Original Air Date—28 March 1999
On New Year's Eve 1999, Pizza Delivery boy Philip J. Fry accidentally falls into a cryogenic chamber and is frozen for 1,000 years. Finally unfrozen, he explores New New York, meets his new best friend (a kleptomaniacal robot named Bender) and goes to work for his great-great-great-great-grand-nephew's space delivery business.
	
Season 1, Episode 2: The Series Has Landed
Original Air Date—28 March 1999
For the crew's first mission, they must deliver a crate full of toys for an arcade game to the moon. Fry is very excited, while it is not really a big deal in the year 3000. Fry tries to persuade Leela to go exploring on the moon, while Amy tries to recover the keys to the Planet Express Ship.
Next US airings:
Mon. Feb. 14	4:45 PM	COMEDY
	
Season 1, Episode 3: I, Roommate
Original Air Date—6 April 1999
When it is discovered that Philip has been living in the Planet Express office, he is forced to move out. Trying to sleep standing up in Bender's closet-sized apartment doesn't work, so they go looking for a place both can be comfortable. Unfortunately, Bender is incompatible with the ideal apartment they do find until he has a radical... modification which makes him less than happy.
	
Season 1, Episode 4: Love's Labours Lost in Space
Original Air Date—13 April 1999
Leela is feeling lonely, unable to meet a worthwhile guy. Professor Farnsworth sends the crew on a tax-deductible charity mission to evacuate wildlife from the doomed planet Burgon 6. While approaching the planet, Leela is thrilled to meet the legendary Captain Zapp Brannigan, who is policing the sector. Upon closer inspection, Brannigan turns out to be a pompous dimwit (who also thinks he's God's gift to women). Brannigan throws the Planet Express crew in jail for violating the planet's security cordon, but tries to seduce Leela. When his clumsy attempts to appear suave and sophisticated fail, he scores with pathetic crying. Leela gets the crew released, and they collect wildlife from Burgon 6, but the mission fails when the last animal collected turns out to be a tiny, voracious killing machine that consumes all the other animals. Leela names him Nibbler. Trapped on the collapsing planet without fuel, Leela refuses to go crawling back to Zapp. Then Nibbler excretes a lump of combustible rocket fuel, and the ship is saved.
	
Season 1, Episode 5: Fear of a Bot Planet
Original Air Date—20 April 1999
Fry and Leela disguise themselves as robots to find Bender after he fails to return from a delivery to a robot planet, only to learn that he has become a celebrity in a culture which fears humans.
	
Season 1, Episode 6: A Fishful of Dollars
Original Air Date—27 April 1999
Fry discovers his bank account interest has made him a billionaire and buys the one thing the year 3000 doesn't have, anchovies.
	
Season 1, Episode 7: My Three Suns
Original Air Date—4 May 1999
Delivery Boy Philip J. Fry is promoted to Emperor after accidentally drinking his fluid-based predecessor.
	
Season 1, Episode 8: A Big Piece of Garbage
Original Air Date—11 May 1999
When a big ball of garbage from the 21st Century returns to threaten New New York, Philip is the only expert on making the weapon to fight it.
	
Season 1, Episode 9: Hell Is Other Robots
Original Air Date—18 May 1999
Bender joins a robot church after fighting an addiction to electricity, but reverts to his pre-addictive behavior of cigars, booze and robot hookers, leading to a musical confrontation with the Robot Devil.

Torrent by 3pp0 | Subs by Trutteke from www.bierdopje.com thx :)