Shakedown: How Our Government is Undermining Democracy in the Name of Human Rights

"On January 11, 2008, I was summoned to a 90-minute government interrogation. My crime? As the publisher of Western Standard magazine, I had reprinted the Danish cartoons of Mohammed to illustrate a news story. I was charged with the offence of 'discrimination,' and made to appear before Alberta's 'human rights commission' for questioning. As crazy as it sounds, I became the only person in the world to face legal sanction for printing those cartoons."

As a result of this highly publicized event, Ezra Levant began investigating other instances in which innocent people have had their freedoms compromised by bureaucrats presuming to protect Canadians' human rights. He discovered some disturbing and even bizarre cases, such as the tribunal ruling that an employee at a McDonald’ s restaurant in Vancouver did not have to wash her hands at work. And the human rights complaint filed by a Calgary hair stylist against the women at a salon school who called him a "loser." In another case that seemed stranger than fiction, an emotionally unstable transvestite fought for--and won--the right to counsel female rape victims, despite the anguished pleas of those same traumatized victims. Human rights commissions now monitor political opinions, fine people for expressing politically incorrect viewpoints, censor websites, and even ban people, permanently, from saying certain things. 

The book is a result of Levant’s ordeal and the research it inspired. It shows how our concept of human rights has morphed into something dangerous and drastically different from its original meaning. Shakedown is a convincing plea to Canadians to reclaim their basic liberties.

"I was at a low moment, and beginning to fear that our adversarial culture was dying and the open society was losing its will to resist, when Ezra Levant showed that every citizen has the birthright of a little spark, and a grown-up duty to kindle that spark into a flame. Let the bureaucrats do their worst: the tongue and the word are chainless and nothing is sacred except this freedom above all."--Christopher Hitchens, author of god is Not Great

Author: Ezra Levant
Publisher: McClelland & Stewart
Publication Date: October 27, 2009

Formats:
.mobi (compatible with Amazon Kindle, etc.)
.epub (compatible with Sony Reader, Cruz Reader, iPad, iPodTouch/iPhone, etc.)

Free Calibre eBook reader: 
http://calibre-ebook.com/download
