                               Drive-in Double Feature 15

FEATURE #1
FLESH FOR FRANKENSTEIN                       http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071508/

In Serbia, Baron Frankenstein lives with the Baroness and their two children. He 

dreams of a super-race, returning Serbia to its grand connections to ancient 

Greece. In his laboratory, assisted by Otto, he builds a desirable female body, 

but needs a male who will be superbody and superlover. He thinks he has found just 

the right brain to go with a body he's built, but he's made an error, taking the 

head of a gay aesthete. Meanwhile, the Baroness has her lusts, and she fastens 

on Nicholas, a friend of the dead lad. Can the Baron pull off his grand plan? He 

brings the two zombies together to mate. 

Meanwhile, Nicholas tries to free his dead friend. What about the Baron's children?


FEATURE #2
BLOOD FOR DRACULA                              http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071233/

Udo Kier is without a doubt the sickliest of vampires in any director's 

interpretation of the Bram Stoker tale. Count Dracula knows that if he fails to 

drink a required amount of pure virgin's [pronounced "wirgin's"] blood, it's time 

to move into a permanent coffin. His assistant (Renfield?) suggests that the Count 

and he pick up his coffin and take a road trip to Italy, where families are known  

to be particularly religious, and therefore should be an excellent place to search

for a virgin bride. They do, only to encounter a family with not one, but FOUR 

virgins, ready for marriage. The Count discovers one-by-one that the girls are not 

as pure as they say they are, meanwhile a handsome servant/Communist begins to 

observe strange behaviour from the girls who do spend the night with the Count. 

It's a race for Dracula to discover who's the real virgin, before he either dies 

from malnourishment or from the wooden stake of the Communist.

                              DOUBLE FEATURE FEATURES

 You can just hit "play" to get the whole experience (trailers,adds,intermission) 
 
or just "select title" to see what you want. Grab some popcorn, cuddle close, 

                             get some drinks and
                                   
                                ENJOY THE SHOW!

