Well, after weeks of hard listening and extreme ear fatigue, I finally sifted through the thousands of tracks available in the Unofficial SXSW torrents  and selected/curated what I feel are the best 100 tracks of the bunch. Now, of course, my opinion will vary from many others. But my selection process weeded out only what I felt were either sound-alikes or not representative of musical ideas that captured the independent spirit (as nebulous an idea as that is) or just simply sounded like crap, and not in a lo-fi way. I also assumed that listeners would want variety, which would include tracks that sounded good but were not my "cup of tea".  I narrowed it down to 134 tracks from the 1154 tracks in the two unofficial  torrents representing the promotional tracks made available on the official SXSW site for this year. Then I went back over that 134 and narrowed it down to a very difficult 100 tracks. That was tough, dropping tracks that I thought were great but not as great as others. But I finally did it and here it is.

Grab it if you want a decent cross-section of the good stuff this year but don't want to download 6 and a half GIGS of music to do so. (596mb in this one instead)I did this because I figured that most people wouldn't want to devote that much space to something that would probably only yield about 100 tracks they'd want to keep anyway. (for most, probably much, much fewer) I found as of yesterday I've kept about 20 tracks. I did have a few duplicates in there. If you download my playlists and other's, chances are you will find a few duplicates as well. I really hope this is something people will want and if they end up downloading it in droves, I'll do it again next year. (unless I'm actually there... in which case I'll most likely do it many days after it's all over due to being worn the hell out)

So if you appreciate this, let me know by seeding!! Comments are great, but seeding is nicer. TIP: If you plan on deleting tracks, copy the folder elsewhere so you can continue seeding!