 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 51 - Letters to God + Extras





POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 51 - Letters to God + Extras



What's in This Folder:


Tyler Doherty is an extraordinary eight-year-old boy. Surrounded by a loving family and community, and armed with the courage of his faith, he faces his daily battle against cancer with bravery and grace. To Tyler, God is a friend, a teacher and the ultimate pen pal – Tyler’s prayers take the form of letters, which he composes and mails on a daily basis. The letters find their way into the hands of Brady McDaniels, a beleaguered postman standing at a crossroads in his life. At first, he is confused and conflicted over what to do with the letters. Over time he begins to form a friendship with the Doherty family – getting to know not just Tyler but his tough, tender yet overwhelmed mom, stalwart grandmother and teen brother Ben – who are each trying to stand strong against the doubts that come with the chaotic turn their lives have taken. Moved by Tyler’s courage, Brady realizes what he must do with the letters, a surprise decision that will transform his heart and uplift his newfound friends and community – in an exhilarating act of testament to the contagious effect of one boy’s unwavering faith against the odds.

Production Status: In Production/Awaiting Release
Logline: A beleaguered postman must decide what to do with the prayer letters written by a boy stricken with cancer.
Genres: Drama
Running Time: 1 hr. 54 min.
Release Date: April 9th, 2009 (limited)
MPAA Rating: PG for thematic material.
Distributors: Vivendi Universal Entertainment
Production Co.: Possibility Pictures
Filming Locations: Orlando, Florida, USA
Produced in: United States

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                               End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                      Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                    Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                  Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                              Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                         Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

[color=purple]11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    



 
             [/font]