 http://bayimg.com/lAkGnaAdh

The Ambulance (1990) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099026/

Eric Roberts  ...  Josh Baker  
  James Earl Jones  ...  Lt. Spencer  
  Megan Gallagher  ...  Sandra Malloy  
  Red Buttons  ...  Elias Zacharai  
  Janine Turner  ...  Cheryl  
  Eric Braeden  ...  The Doctor  
  Richard Bright  ...  McClosky  
  James Dixon  ...  Detective 'Jughead' Ryan  

Josh Baker (Roberts) meets a beautiful woman, Cheryl (Janine Turner), on the street one afternoon, only to see her faint and be carted off to the hospital in an ambulance. When Baker tries to find Cheryl at the hospital, he realizes she was never admitted. With the help of an unconvinced New York City police lieutenant (James Earl Jones), Baker attempts to expose trafficking conspiracy without implicating himself in Cheryl's disappearance.

The Ambulance has a sort of freewheeling, madcap vibe about it, and, despite some stretches of inactivity, the movie is funny and thrilling. The ambulance becomes quite the villain, smashing through walls, careening down narrow alleys and stalking Baker throughout Manhattan. I half expected it to turn up reflected in the bathroom mirror. Its ridiculous presence at nearly every turn is both hilarious and unnerving.

While Cohen’s dialogue is occasionally a tad tepid, his plotting is unbelievably tight. He introduces characters in the natural flow of the story, never worrying late additions may be hostile to the audience.

The film has a bunch of fantastic performances but the two most important are Eric Roberts (as the lead) and Megan Gallagher (as his reluctant sidekick). Roberts maintains energy and enthusiasm throughout—every moment he’s on screen, he’s captivating. Even with a terrible haircut.

Half Gallagher’s performance is unspoken, just her expressions changing. She has great chemistry with Roberts.

Red Buttons has a nice part—excellent chemistry between him and Roberts. It’s too bad there wasn’t a sequel, given he gets along with Gallagher well too.

James Earl Jones also has a good part. He has a lot of fun. The next supporting tier is strong too. Janine Turner, Eric Braeden, Richard Bright, all good. Stan Lee has a nice cameo for realism’s sake (Roberts works at Marvel Comics).

