Everclear
So Much For The Afterglow (1997)


Though Everclear's Northwestern grunge-punk style was hardly revolutionary when the band rose to popularity in 1995, the trio's hook-ridden songs and Art Alexakis' "us against them" lyrics were taken to heart by bored Gen-X teens. Everclear's sound reflected the rock, post-punk, and singer/songwriter influences of frontman Alexakis, including acts like X, the Replacements, the Pixies, Bruce Springsteen, Tom Petty, and Elvis Costello. Also instrumental to Everclear's success was the group's obsessive touring schedule and aggressive self-promotion tactics.

Art Alexakis (b. Apr. 12, 1962, West Los Angeles, CA) was raised in a lower-middle-class household by his single mother. His father left the family during Alexakis' childhood, an incident that would later pepper many of Everclear's most popular songs. The dual deaths of his brother and girlfriend (his brother by heroin overdose; his girlfriend by suicide) convinced him to kick his own cocaine habit in the mid-'80s, and he later formed a country-punk band named Colorfinger in San Francisco. The group released one LP on Alexakis' own Shindig label, but the album (and an EP) became out of print after distributor Rough Trade folded. The band subsequently imploded, and Alexakis moved to his girlfriend's hometown of Portland, OR. In 1992, he met Craig Montoya (b. Sept. 14, 1970) and Everclear's first drummer, Scott Cuthbert; the trio recorded a demo EP for $400 and released the disc on Portland's Tim/Kerr label. Alexakis grew frustrated with the company's lack of promotion, so he hired an independent promoter to push the EP and personally mailed copies to media outlets and distributors. 


Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Grabber:		dBpoweramp Release 14
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock		
Source:			Retail CD
Label:			Capitol


Track List:

01.So Much For The Afterglow
02.Everything To Everyone
03.Ataraxia (Media Intro)
04.Normal Like You
05.I Will Buy You A New Life
06.Father Of Mine
07.One Hit Wonder
08.El Distorto De Melodica
09.Amphetamine
10.White Men In Black Suits
11.Sunflowers
12.Why I Don't Believe In God
13.Like A California King



Cheers!