Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                            
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                            
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                                            
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                            
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mqcf6ju9zgltx1hu65pf0px6q3q 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?p1bqcqvwk3unmwn4qt8qin8j5 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xlulluxa7n6278w7vi3hltatisgh 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?7o65nr87fdfruuqfbv8o6uijzyq 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zlvkfg60cgfzlh5tcbnve5f7e9p

Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hi, my name is Mila. I am a very energetic and youthful soul. Anyone you meet that knows me would say that I am a fun and flirty girl. I like to experiment with accents because I think it is so fun to walk around pretending I am British. Other people think its funny too. I love to laugh and to make people laugh so I always crack jokes when I can. I guess you could say I am a very light hearted person. I dont like to take things very seriously, I believe life is given for you to enjoy it, so don't regret anything in life boys, at one point it was exactly what you wanted. Some words of wisdom from a young girl. Since I am pretty open with my life I guess its safe to say that I love talking about boys, their penises and the way they kiss me or eat my pussy. I dont think I could go a day without an orgasm. I am also a very sexual and sensual person. I love to show my sexuality through the way I dance, the way I move my body and the way I almost always know what a guy likes to see. Dancing is one of my favorite things to do. Its great cardio and a great way to let loose. Speaking of cardio and what not, I should tell you that I am a very active person. I love fitness and I love to work out on a regular basis, swimming jogging, hiking, and when I cant fit those activities into my schedule, theres always sex.... that definitely counts as being active.... sexually active that is lol. I love to have sex with music playing, my favorite kind of music is rock. Some of my favorite bands include Tool, Deftones, Alice in Chains, Stone Temple Pilots, Queens of the Stone Age and Red Hot Chili Peppers.... you catch my drift. Theres nothing sexier to me than live music; concerts, shows, street performers, you name it, Im pretty sure Ill love it. So boys, if you play any instruments like piano or guitar, drums or bass, you just got some Mila points. But if you tell me you play the skin flute, Im going to laugh and then walk away. lol Ive given you fair warning hehe. Another way I show my sensuality and passion is through my orgasm, I love to show my man how much pleasure I am getting. The way I chatter my teeth as I get turned on is a pretty good indicator that Im at my upmost level of sexual arousal.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   Earlier in the year Mila sent me these photos:  #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6.  But her boyfriend refused to have her to shoot, and two months went by.  After they broke up she contacted me again and this shoot was set up.   I think her experience her emboldened her to try more adult work.  Meeting her at the airport, she was a very open, talkative girl, and definitely confident about her sexuality.  Not timid at all.  Because she has a flexible body and an athletic feel, we headed out to an office/park area and get to watch her do acrobatics in a cute outfit all the way down to full nudes.  Some nutritious berries to eat as well.  She masturbated how she likes -- with a vibrator on her clit and finger in her vagina, but I know that many hardcore members will not like the way its done, because they 'cant see the orgasm'.  So to appease the bunch, the vibraking is used next and the strong vaginal responses are made quite visible.  We shot more flashing out on location, just to see how daring she would get, along with extreme closeups and vibrator 'stuffing'. She brought with her that curved glass toy, and some 'in your face' closeup penetration from different positions... then in the kinky 'FTV' style an attempt at double vaginal penetration, stretching her out to the max.



Model Comments: (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   With everything she had brought with her, I liked this black dress & heels the most.  She can walk real sexy, and with that long dark hair there's something extremely sultry about her look here.   A total turn-on just watching her walk, and giving us upskirt views.  With the extremely bright sunlight, you can get near-seethrough on the dress.  In fact, good thing about today was the weather, not too hot, not too cold -- quite ideal for a March day.  We headed to a water fountain, and let her do some 'footwashing' from running around barefoot in the blackberry-laden grass (those stains are near impossible to take off).  More daring for sure, she ends up flashing a whole lot more at a restaurant, and then masturbating on location with the Long Pink Toy.  I especially like it when she rides it deep.  When I was picking her up from the airport earlier, she was showing off her accents -- so I had her do some 'dirty talk' in whatever accent she wanted to (in this case, British).  Her actual background is Swedish, Swiss, and German.  Some breast and butt play is next, leading to a very sexy dance.  She works part time as a go-go dancer (not stripper, but the dance club kind) and the way she moves to the music is very erotic.  One of my favorite dance videos this year.  That fit-looking figure and that buttalicious form definitely gets the viewer going.  At sunset, she shows off more acrobatic 'talent' at a golf course (I was hoping for golfers, but for some reason they were all gone off).   Off camera, she needed her inhaler, she had some pretty strong asthmatic issues especially in this dry weather.  Good thing she didn't come mid-summer.    So another hottie for FTV, experiencing adult for the first time in her life, but no doubt will be doing more.