Any Video Editor 1.3.6.1

Any Video Editor is an outstanding video editor for audio and video editing. Mix various media including video, audio, and image files. Edit video on timeline and storybox, trim and overlay video files of any format, combine audio tracks with video, apply visual effects & insert transitions, add watermark & srt subtitles, set transition & video effect duration — faster, easier and with truly amazing results.

Here's what the Any Video Editor can do for you:
• Create standard DVD/Blu-ray DVD format files to save your movies.
• Massive media file support: support all popular video, audio, image file formats.
• User-friendly interface: edit videos on the unique timeline and storybox panels.
• Simple drag and drop of video files onto a graphical timeline.
• Abundant built-in innovative transitions and stunning video effects.
• Efficient to edit video, overlay video, mix audio, add subtitles and watermark.
• Make high quality MP4, MPG, MKV, M2TS, WMV, ASF or FLV videos.
• Convert videos to various multimedia devices such as iPod, iPhone, iPad, PSP.
• All edits can be previewed in real time without rendering the entire project.

Diverse input media format support
Any Video Editor supports as many as 100 video, audio, and image file formats. You can mix different video, audio and image formats, and edit them like a pro!
Video formats like AVI (including DivX, XviD, MJPEG, and other codecs), MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MP4 (including H.263, H.264, and other codecs), WMV, ASF, 3GP, MOV, QT, VOB, MOD, AVCHD (M2TS, MTS, TS, TP, TOD), FLV, etc. can be added to Video Editor. You can also import MP3, WAV, WMA, OGG, AAC audio files and JPEG, PNG, BMP, GIF image files.
More brightly, Any Video Editor supports inputting multi-track audio and video files and mixing audio track together. If you like, you can replace the original audio track with your favorite one from your PC.

Edit video easily on a flexible timeline & storybox
Any Video Editor offers two different video editing panels, Timeline and Storybox, which enable you to achieve accuracy and precision in editing videos, audio and images.
The Timeline panel gives you separate tracks for arranging videos, images, audio, overlay video, and subtitles make the process of working with different types of media content in the video editor simplicity itself! The Storybox panel lets you change the order of clips and replace the video transitions between videos and photos in Storybox panel simply by drag-and-drop.
Use the Zoom In and Zoom Out options to toggle between the two view modes.

Amazing transitions & stunning video effects
There are lots of preset transitions and video effects to be added to the videos and photo slideshows. Apply transitions and effects to your video, change their durations to fit your movie and photo slideshow seamlessly.
With these amazing transitions and artistic video effects, you can create professional-looking movies and stunning photo slideshows to amuse yourself and impress people.

Overlay video & mix multiple audio tracks
Use our overlay effect to superpose a video or an image over the video clip that is going to be edited. Edit overlay video and image by changing its properties such left margin, top margin, width, height, transparency, merge mode.
Take advantage of the flexible Audio Mix tool built into Any Video Editor to mix multiple audio tracks, and let them override the original movie sound or just, for instance, supplement it with some music.

Add subtitles & watermarks to your videos
Seek to add subtitles to your movie? With Any Video Editor, you are allowed to multiplex or add external subtitle to video files, and watch the output movie on your computer with subtitles. Any Video Editor supports the most common SubRip .SRT subtitles format.
Create a unique watermark to brand your creations. Embed images, for example, a logo, into your digital media such as video or images.
It is an excellent way to stamp a personalized identification mark such as your company name, date of creation etc. on the visual material.

Handy video audio cutter tool
The built-in smart cutter allows you to cut large video file and remove unwanted parts like commercials, outtakes and trailers.
Use the scissor to cut any video files and music and remove the part you want to discard in a quick and easy method. Set start frame and end frame to define the part you want.
Any Video Editor is the easiest video and audio file cutter which can assist you to cut any video files and music; remove the part you want to discard in a quick and easy method. This video cutter supports to cut various video and audio file formats like AVI, Divx, xVid, 3GP, 3G2, MOV, QT, SWF, MP4, H264, ASF, WMV, MPG, MPEG, VOB, DAT and all other supported video formats.

Multiple output options to save your movie
Any Video Editor has optimized conversion profiles letting you save your movie and photo slideshow in AVI, WMV, MPG, ASF, MKV, M2TS, FLV, and MP4 for a wide range of multimedia devices such as iPad, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, mobile phones, etc.
Create entertaining photo slide show with background music, transitions, effects, subtitles and watermark, so that you can watch on any media players and upload the slideshow movies to YouTube, MySpace, etc.
Adjust general video and audio parameters such as video codec, video size, video bitrate, video frame rage, audio codec, audio bitrate, sample rate, audio channel, etc. to create personalized high-quality SD and HD videos so that you can directly upload to YouTube, MySpace, Hi5 or similar Internet profile. Create videos for your portable devices such as on iPad, iPod, iPhone, iPod touch, Apple TV, mobile phones, etc. for watching on the go!

Create a DVD disc to save your movie
Any Video Editor has added several outstanding features since version 1.20. It supports DVD, Blu-ray Discs export to play on your DVD-ROM or DVD Player. The slideshow movies you have made can be burned to DVD, Blu-ray Disc for watching on TV.
Through editing your video to a DVD disc , you can burn to DVD and watch in your living room on your TV, save for YouTube and share online with friends, or save to your PC as a high-quality digital movie.

Home Page - http://www.any-video-editor.com


