Official Web Site:  http://www.refog.com/

Concerned About Your Children Safety? Record users's actions, grab screenshots and keystrokes? - Then this application is for you!

If your kids spend time chatting or playing computer games, they can be approached or threatened by the strangers. Internet has anonymity, and anonymity means impunity in the minds of molesters. The solution? Violate their anonymity by monitoring your kids’ activities!

REFOG Personal Monitor is designed to deal with extended families, but it fits small families just as easy. Allowing you to monitor your children activities remotely over the Internet, REFOG Personal Monitor does not even require your close presence in order to be alerted about suspicious activities of either your children or someone they chat with.

Easy To Install and To Use

REFOG Personal Monitor can be set up and used by anyone. The monitor does not involve a steep learning curve and does not demand a degree in Computer Science to configure and operate. Simply download your free trial version and get yourself going!

Remote Monitoring

REFOG Personal Monitor provides the necessary degree of interactivity, allowing you to monitor your kids’ actions remotely over the email. There’s no need to rush home during the launch hour just to check the logs. See what your kids are doing with their computer without leaving your office!

Real-Time Alerts

Should you be worried now or later? If you want constant protection of your family, simply logging keystrokes and storing screen captures is not enough. Often, an immediate action is required to get your kids out of trouble.

REFOG Personal Monitor is highly flexible, allowing you to configure multiple alerts on harmful or offensive keystrokes sent or received on their computer. Set your alarms, and get notified instantly with real-time alerts if a pre-defined event happens on their PC.

You can easily set REFOG Personal Monitor to alert you by e-mail. Templates are available to filter keystrokes that contain pre-defined trigger phrases, making false alerts hardly possible.

Save Screens and Key Presses

REFOG Personal Monitor keeps a list of all activities you specify it to log. It records all visited Web sites, keeps logs of chats and instant messenger conversations as well as other things typed or received by your kids in chats, messengers, blogs, forums and other online and offline applications.

REFOG Personal Monitor saves each key pressed and every phrase typed, and makes periodic captures of the computer screen to better illustrate what was going on at that moment.

Capture Chats and Instant Messengers

REFOG Personal Monitor captures every key that they press, but does not stop there. Individual keystrokes are of little use when analyzing your kids’ behavior. REFOG Personal Monitor can detect popular chats and instant messengers, and forms clearly legible and readable logs containing chats and instant messenger conversations formatted in a manner that is convenient to read.

Stealth Operation

For even better protection, REFOG Personal Monitor can be completely hidden from your kids’ eyes. It runs silently and unobtrusively on their PC while taking screen shots and recording every key that they press, logging applications that they use and Web sites that they visit. You can access these logs either locally or remotely at any time, even if you are not at home!

System Requirements: 

Mac OS X 10.5 and 10.6

--- PLEASE SEED ---
