Charles Bradley, commonly referred to as The Screaming Eagle of Soul, is a funk/soul/R&B singer signed to the Daptone Records label under the Dunham Records division. His performances and recording style are consistent with Daptone's revivalist approach, celebrating the feel of funk and soul music from the 1960s and 1970s. One review stated that Bradley echoes the evocative delivery of Otis Redding. (wikipedia)

- - -

Over the past decade, Daptone Records has established a reputation not only as a cohesive record label, but also as a cultural institution responsible for curating a neo-soul revival with a distinct sound. Its out of this tradition that 62-year old singer Charles Bradley finally overcame a lifetime full of setbacks to debut No Time For Dreaming, one of the best Daptone releases to date.

No Time For Dreaming opens up with The World (Is Going Up In Flames) as Charles Bradleys wail reflects the long road he has walked over the years. The soul-stirrer cries out with utmost conviction on I Believe In Your Love and Why Is It So Hard with six-plus decades of pent-up emotion pouring into his songs. Heartaches and Pain resonates warmly through its powerful honesty, as Bradley echoes the evocative delivery of Otis Redding.

While Bradleys croon demands the attention, ultimately its his partnership with the Menahan Street Band that defines No Time For Dreaming. These soul revivalists are best known for their contributions to Jay-Zs American Gangster and Cee-Los Georgia. But their work with Bradley hits their sweetspot as they lay down a lush, funk-laced backdrop for Bradley to work his magic. No Time For Dreaming not only prevails as a defining culmination of Bradleys lifelong musicianship to date, but also furthers the argument that Daptone Records can do no wrong.  (pastemagazine.com)

- - -

Charles Bradley - No Time For Dreaming 2011
(New York Daptone)

 1. The World (is Going Up In Flames)
 2. The Telephone Song
 3. Golden Rule
 4. I Believe In Your Love
 5. Trouble In The Land
 6. Lovin You, Baby
 7. No Time For Dreaming
 8. How Long
 9. In You (I Found A Love)
10. Why Is It So Hard?
11. Since Our Last Goodbye
12. Heartaches And Pain
