
A-I-O Photodex ProShow Producer v4.51.3003
Include it many styles packs: 
ProShow Style Pack 1
ProShow Style Pack 2
ProShow Style Pack 3
ProShow Style Pack 4
ProShow Styles Escapes
ProShow Styles Grunge
Proshow Styles weddings
Setups for the styles does not require a serial (removed the protection), also have compressed all the files with Winrar self- extractorto reduce the space. 

For the program setup you have to use the keygen or  use one of the serial I have include it in the Read  This First file.
Please seed it.  
Enjoy it, Ztorrenter.


Program Descriptions:

The award-winning ProShow Producer is the only slideshow software designed for, and preferred by professionals.
With Producer, you can forget about creative limitations and annoying per-disc charges. Producer delivers the 
fullest range of built-in creative tools & effects, so you can create stunning, HD-quality shows that are as customized as you 
want them to be, and sharable in virtually any format.
Don't limit yourself - you can have it all with ProShow Producer.


Create unique shows fast & easy.
Producer comes loaded with tons of creative tools for making video slideshows that are perfectly tailored to your 
clients, so you're not stuck with another cookie-cutter music video. Even better, custom doesn't mean time-consuming.
 With dozens of pre-built effects and newly released wizard, you can instantly create professonal shows that are 
guaranteed to wow your clients.

Less work. Faster results.
With Producer, there's no tedious uploading process or complicated production scheme. Just a streamlined workflow that
 allows you to spend less time doing repetitive tasks and more time getting new business. Plus, you'll love the extra 
marketing help when it comes to new, integrated output support for websites like Facebook, Vimeo and Twitter!

Superior HD quality. Over 40 options.
Tired of grainy web video? Whether you're creating shows for playback on TV, PC, or the Web, Producer delivers the
 smooth HD-quality output your clients have come to expect, and zero restrictions on quantity. Choose from over 40 output formats,
 including Blu-ray, HD video, DVD, and dozens of popular consumer devices.
Watch a Demo
.
  
Built-In Slide Styles + Transitions
Producer has over 200 slide styles and over 450 transitions built-in. Apply these awesome effects to any slide 
with just a few clicks! Watch the videos below for a closer look at Producer's built-in effects.
 
