 http://www.johnabirthofacountry.com/

Shawn Doyle (ENDGAME, Big Love, the eleventh hour) stars as the man we know today as The Right Honourable Sir John Alexander Macdonald, GCB, KCMG, PC, PC (Can), QC but back then he was just the member of parliament for Kingston. During the setting of the movie Mr Macdonald was the on-again-off-again premiere of The United Province Of Canada.

This movie is not about the Confederation of the Colonies of British North America. This movie is about what lead to the idea of a union of the colonies. This is the story of the often vile fight betwixt conservatives and liberals, English and French, protestants and Catholics and how two men who were on opposite sides in everything came together to form a more perfect union. George Brown, the Presbyterian liberal newspaper man, and John A. Macdonald, the Presbyterian (later Anglican) conservative lawyer, found a way to reach out across the loch. One man became Prime Minister. One man has a statue of him on Parliament Hill. One man is on the $10 bank note. One man's business is still the cream of the crop in its industry more than 150 years later. But it is when they came together that they achieved the most - they united the peoples of British North America and defeated the Americans and their Manifest Destiny agenda which was to see the USA control the continent.

Also starring in this movie are Peter Outerbridge as George Brown, Aidan Devine as Sandfield Macdonald, Patrick McKenna as Alexander Galt, Cedric Smith as Governor General Sir Edmund Head, Ted Atherton as Governor General Lord Charles Monck, Michelle Giroux as Isabella Macdonald, Michelle Nolden as Anne Nelson Brown, and David La Haye as Georges-Étienne Cartier.

The movie is based on the biography "John A.  The Man Who Made Us"  by Richard J. Gwyn. If the ratings prove to be good and people buy the DVD release that is coming next month then there is the possibility of making the other 3 movies that are intended to form a larger collection spanning Sir John's entire political life and the early years of the Dominion of Canada - from an idea in the early 1860s through the state funeral for the nation's first Prime Minister in 1891. 

There are nominations for 3 Directors Guild Of Canada awards: 
Direction - Television Movie/Mini-Series 
Production Design - Television Movie/Mini-Series
Television Movie/Mini-Series