PETER GREEN with NIGEL WATSON SPLINTER GROUP
HOT FOOT POWDER 
Label Snapper 
Original Year 2000
Format:Mp3@320


Robert Johnson, revered by many as the greatest of bluesmen, gets a second makeover here by Peter Green, rightly considered one of the best blues guitar players ever and, like Johnson, at one time or another shrouded in his fair share of mystery and speculation. Together with a clutch of veteran blues musicians, Green, Nigel Watson and the Splinter Group pay 13 loving tributes to Delta bluesman Johnson whose compositions have graced the repertoire of rock and blues bands ever since Clapton first tried to flag a ride down at the crossroads in 1968.

Green takes most of the vocals with Watson singing lead on just four tracks including the frantic "Preachin' Blues" and the doom-laden "Hellhound On My Trail" (once recorded in 1968 by Peter Green's Fleetwood Mac). Dr. John helps out on "From Four Until Late" with some trademark barrelhouse piano. That's him too swinging behind a foot-tapping version of "They're Red Hot." A worthy follow-up to the much acclaimed Robert Johnson Songbook, Hot Foot Powder (incidentally a voodoo spell ingredient mentioned in "Hellhoundà") shows the Splinter Group paying another sincere tribute to one of the most influential blues artists of all time


Track list
1. I'm a Steady Rollin' Man
2. From Four Until Late - (featuring Dr. John)
3. Dead Shrimp Blues
4. Little Queen of Spades - (featuring Otis Rush)
5. They're Red Hot - (featuring Dr. John)
6. Preachin' Blues
7. Hell Hound on My Trail
8. Traveling Riverside Blues - (featuring David Honeyboy Edwards)
9. Malted Milk
10. Milkcow's Calf Blues
11. Drunken Hearted Man
12. Cross Road Blues - (featuring Buddy Guy)
13. Come on in My Kitchen

Personnel: Nigel Watson (vocals, guitar, slide guitar); Roger Cotton (guitar, piano); Hubert Sumlin, Joe Louis Walker, Otis Rush (guitar); Dr. John (piano); Peter Stroud (upright bass); Larry Tolfree (drums).

Additional personnel: David Honeyboy Edwards, Buddy Guy (guitar)


