S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Portal 2 (c) Valve

19-04-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.........Steam + CEG
Action...............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Portal 2 draws from the award-winning formula of innovative gameplay
story, and music that earned the original Portal over 70 industry
accolades and created a cult following

The single-player portion of Portal 2 introduces a cast of dynamic new
characters, a host of fresh puzzle elements, and a much larger set of
devious test chambers. Players will explore never-before-seen areas of
the Aperture Science Labs and be reunited with GLaDOS, the occasionally
murderous computer companion who guided them through the original game

The game s two-player cooperative mode features its own entirely
separate campaign with a unique story, test chambers, and two new
player characters. This new mode forces players to reconsider
everything they thought they knew about portals. Success will require
them to not just act cooperatively, but to think cooperatively

Features:

Extensive single player: Featuring next generation gameplay and a
wildly-engrossing story

Complete two-person co-op: Multiplayer game featuring its own dedicated
story, characters, and gameplay

Advanced physics: Allows for the creation of a whole new range of
interesting challenges, producing a much larger but not harder game

Original music

Massive sequel: The original Portal was named 2007's Game of the Year
by over 30 publications worldwide

Editing Tools: Portal 2 editing tools will be included. Note: To be
made available after launch

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game (use our included language launcher to change language)
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


ADDITIONAL NOTES

Enjoy - a very strong candidate to game of the year!

Credits to Hyochan for the great tune we used on our language launcher!

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan


ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


ENJOY!