1280 X 692 video at 1595k bitrate (720p quality settings) 2.2GB file size
The two audio tracks on this movie in German or English are both at equal
256K fullness of sound as this is a movie where you would notice the rich
difference on decent playback equipment.

We just finished watching this movie we converted and put onto a regular sized
DVD disc to play on our new Bluray DivX-HD capable disc player. The sound effects
are truly powerful too. We converted from a bluray 1080p version of Der Pianist
as that provides a movie file WITH NO HARD CODED SUBS! This means you can use
your own subtitles (if we havent included them for you here already) in any
language at all! 

The subtitles we found for you and adjusted for starting time as appropriate
(most of the subs we found were for the bluray English version, whereas the
German version has padding of about 15 seconds at he beginning of the movie
where a "splash screen" is shown of the German movie promoters, (as found on
the disc, in how the movie disc was made).

Here are the subtitles included for you this time around:

German
Dutch
English
French
Swedish
Norwegian
Finnish
Danish
Hungarian
Polish
Serbian
Portuguese
Slovak
Romanian
Greek


A personal opinion as a movie reviewer and faithful servant of British
culture that is Irish at heart:

This movie tells a lot about the mistakes made by the German nation in its
policies of extermination of peoples in mass numbers that were victims 
to clearly indicriminate cruelty and brutal injustice. This haunts the
conscience of the great peoples of Germany to this very day, and must be
brought into rational perspective as to what occured so that dissonance
can be brought to a saner resolution, towards a better future as a peoples
of greatest spirit and moral integrity at the core nonetheless.

In all that I have learned in my schooling as a British fan, I have to say
that I have never encountered a better way to live than that which is espoused
by what is truly the best idealism that the British have to teach in what is
their actual best example to us all. We maintain a French spirit in respect
of what is in fact a mosaic of various peoples of Europe even including the
Greatest Germanic (Dutch) peoples of Holland in their respective contribution
to the best/greatest European wisdom.

And the Irish of course - most important of all in maintaining our Christianly
sanity in all we encounter in our struggles as a Euro nation together. Many 
other areas around there have contributions to make equally in some respect too.

Yet in all of this I never saw anything that wasnt in fact German in its beauty.
All of what I respect of British teachings that make me strive to be a person of
great calling in the practice of proper conduct as a human being, to live in the
right spirit, actually comes from the German heritage that makes up what is the
British legacy of its best wisdom, guided by an Irish spirit that is just as much
German as it is British related in any way shape or form.

Yet we saw the travesty I speak of (as we see in this movie) unfold as Germany
was at the mercy of a madman named Adolph Hitler who taught the wrong way to perceive supremacy, or to seek its attainment or victory.

These were instead the methods that destroy the spirit of all human beings,
including the best of the folks of Germany who should have ben spared this
madness of Hitler - a man who lacked what is the true German spirit (of kindness
and generosity with competence)- altogether. Indeed a good many Germans lost 
their lives as Hitler doomed them to suicide towards the end of the war, with no
regard for their value whatever!

For this his memory will live in shame throughout history as an imbecilic human
freak who had no idea of human worth, and that is certainly seen in what all of
his victims in seeing this movie have had to endure as a result of!

The greatness of the peoples of Germany will never wither away, as it will remain
the saving grace for us all towards a better future - it comes mainly from the
German nation maintaining its perspective in where it is that true greatness lies
- in the beauty of its strenght in achieving competence, while maintaining a true
Irish spirit. Best to kep this in mind, or we will lose a lot more than the world
could ever afford to - our saving grace in what it is Germany holds in its future
for the world as the Leader on the podium giving us a truly saner voice than what
it is we now hear from elsewhere on just about every matter of human concern.


Michael Rizzo Chessman



 
 


 
























