Not my rip just spreading the joy on this festive season

Many Thanks to the original poster..:)

Enjoy Heaven 17 
http://leetleech.org/images/04442753663310484600.jpg


Released through Just Music imprint Absolute Zero, electronic trailblazers Heaven 17 originally recorded Naked As Advertised to go alongside the full UK arena live show at the end of last year, dubbed The Steel City Tour, which featured H17 alongside fellow Sheffield bands The Human League and ABC. It is an album which stands proudly alongside any previous H17 album ~ a must for any fan and a great introduction to new fans along the way.

Glenn Gregory and Martyn Ware have put together this collection, which contains a new track, Dont Fall, re~workings of H17 classics from the earliest days of H17, and a few real collectors items and rarities.

Pioneers of proto-electronica The Sunday Times

A great new version of their seminal classic Temptation features Billie Godfrey on vocals, which anyone who has seen them live knows is a classic diva moment.

Versions of Human League tracks originally penned by Martyn Ware, Being Boiled and Empire State Human are included and a moving cover of the Associates Party Fears Two.


1. Being Boiled
2. Geisha Boys And Temple Girls
3. Temptation [featuring Billie Godfrey]
4. Penthouse And Pavement
5. Party Fears Two
6. Dont Fall
7. [We Dont Need This] Fascist Groove Thang
8. We Live So Fast
9. Empire State Human


Naked as advertised is a newly recorded album by Heaven 17. Featuring Tracks derived from their live set as well as a few real collectors items of oddities and rarities...
There is even one brand new, never heard before Heaven 17 song,  Dont Fall
Some of these tracks reach back into the very earliest days of Heaven 17. Re~visited and re~worked they sound as fresh today as they ever did. A beautiful version of the Associates Party Fears Two  originally performed at the Billy Mackenzie memorial concert makes you take a second look at this classic and beautiful song
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heaven_17


Gatefold (Yuk !! ) Artwork Included At 300dpi