              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                                 Magnetis RIP                               




   Release Date  :  03/12/2010                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 04x5.00MB             Company     :  Noumenon Games




   Release Notes:

   Magnetis is all about attraction! Connect the magnets to create         
   electric explosions. Solving this frantic puzzle will require quick      
   thinking and foresight, anticipating connections in order to generate    
   massive chain reactions to win the highest number of points! Team up     
   with your friends in cooperative mode or play against them in battle     
   mode, with up to 4 players competing for the highest score.              
                                                                            
   Intense action & reflexion for 1 to 4 players                            
                                                                            
   3 solo game modes: Normal, Time Attack and Block Attack                  
                                                                            
   3 multiplayer modes: Battle, Teamplay and Cooperative                    
                                                                            
   40 achievements to unlock!                                               
                                                                            
   Delicious oldschool 8bit-esque soundtrack!                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          




   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-mags.exe                                       
   3. Start game with Magnetis.exe                                          
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Additional Notes:                                                        
                                                                            
   Checkout /tools/ if you got problems running the game.                   
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            





     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 




                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "    

