DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

In this work, the author, through intensive and critical studies
in the philosophies of James, Dewey and Farber against the
background of Hussed's 'pure phenomenology,' has brought out
at one stroke the limitations of the ultra-rationalistic brand of
transcendental phenomenology with its ambitious 'constitutive'
program, and at the same time opened a new and hitherto unexplored
direction toward a naturalistic phenomenology of experience
and knowledge. He has discovered not only in the writings of
James (who has recently been studied extensively from the phenomenological
point of view) but those of Dewey also, strong
tendencies and incipient gropings toward such a consummation.
He has brought out the inherent tensions in the attempts of James
and Dewey to 'penetrate' nature through a descriptive-phenomenological
analysis of experience. The author recalls how James constantly
had to defend himself against the SUbjectivistic interpretations
of his theory of 'pure experience' by critics, and how Dewey
admitted the 'circularity' involved in his procedure in reply to his
opponents. Nevertheless, James remains in the author's view a
powerful precursor, and Dewey an able continuator, of an American
brand of naturalistic phenomenology of experience and knowledge.
And yet, these laudable attempts were hampered by that strange fascination
for making an absolute beginning in philosophizingwhich
James and Dewey, despite their varied background and training,
shared with Husserl. It is in the writings of Farber, who is
heir to the tradition of both Husserlian phenomenology and American
naturalism and realism, that the author finds a fully conscious
and articulate development of naturalistic phenomenology based on
a critique of the subjectivistic and idealistic implications of Hussed's
later writings. Farber's principle of 'ontological monism'
coupled with 'methodological pluralism' is seen to be free from
the 'compulsive' search for a presuppositionless beginning. It places
the phenomenological description 'of e~perience in its proper context
of general methodology in which other methods, such as experimental
inquiry, dialectical method of social-historical analysis,
language analysis, and formal-conceptual analysis all play their legitimate
role for a total understanding of man and his place in nature.
Such a 'logically weighted' naturalism leaves out nothing
which can be descriptively discovered and adequately supported by
logical canons. In conclusion, the author emphasizes the importance
of Farber's writings in performing the historical function of 'containing'
the 'irrational' off-shoots of phenomenology in the various
forms of 'existentialism,' retaining a cherished place for phenomenological
analysis within general methodology, and working out a
program of an adequately supported American brand of naturalistic
phenomenology by drawing out the implications of a trend already
discernible in the writings of James and Dewey.