Engineering Surveying 6th Edition by W. Schofield and Mark Breach
Book Description
New edition of this classic text for all Engineering Surveying students.
Product Description
Engineering surveying involves determining the position of natural and man-made features on or beneath the Earth's surface and utilizing these features in the planning, design and construction of works. It is a critical part of any engineering project. Without an accurate understanding of the size, shape and nature of the site the project risks expensive and time-consuming errors or even catastrophic failure.

Engineering Surveying 6th edition covers all the basic principles and practice of this complex subject and the authors bring expertise and clarity. Previous editions of this classic text have given readers a clear understanding of fundamentals such as vertical control, distance, angles and position right through to the most modern technologies, and this fully updated edition continues that tradition.

This sixth edition includes:

* An introduction to geodesy to facilitate greater understanding of satellite systems
* A fully updated chapter on GPS, GLONASS and GALILEO for satellite positioning in surveying
* All new chapter on the important subject of rigorous estimation of control coordinates
* Detailed material on mass data methods of photogrammetry and laser scanning and the role of inertial technology in them

With many worked examples and illustrations of tools and techniques, Engineering Surveying is essential reading for students and professionals alike involved in surveying, civil, structural and mining engineering, and related areas such as geography and mapping.

Wilf Schofield was formerly Principal Lecturer in Civil Engineering at Kingston University; Mark Breach is the Principal Lecturer in Engineering Surveying at Nottingham Trent University and serves on technical committees of the RICS and ICES.

* Comprehensive introduction to surveying for engineers
* All basic and advanced techniques explained and illustrated with worked examples
* Expanded coverage of modern instrumentation and satellite positioning.
Product Details
Paperback: 640 pages
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann; 6 edition (April 27, 2007)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 9780750669498
ISBN-13: 978-0750669498
ASIN: 0750669497

[poly-technic.blogspot]
