Thinking Mathematically

Second Edition

 

‘Every student doing a mathematics degree should read this book.’

James Blowey, Durham University

 

‘The ideas I encountered in Thinking Mathematically continue to influence the way in which I work today.’

David J Wraith, National University of Ireland, Maynooth

 

‘[This book] transformed my attitude to mathematics from apathy to delight’

Nichola Clarke, Oxford University

 

'Thinking Mathematically has always been one of my favorite books. Expanded and updated, this version is a must for my bookshelf and should be for yours too.'

Alan Schoenfeld, University of California, Berkeley

 

 

Thinking Mathematically is perfect for anyone who wants to develop their powers to think mathematically, whether at school, at university or just out of interest. This book is invaluable for anyone who wishes to promote mathematical thinking in others or for anyone who has always wondered what lies at the core of mathematics.

 

Thinking Mathematically reveals the processes at the heart of mathematics and demonstrates how to encourage and develop them. Extremely practical, it involves the reader in questions so that subsequent discussions speak to immediate experience.

 

The text has been updated with 77 fresh problems matched to curriculum topics together with links between those topics and the original problems. There is a new preface describing the origins and uses of the first edition, and a new chapter correlates mathematical processes with the natural powers that every learner has already demonstrated in learning to speak.

 

John Mason is a Professor Emeritus at the Open University and a Senior Research Fellow at the University of Oxford.

 

Kaye Stacey is a Foundation Professor of Mathematics Education at the Melbourne Graduate School of Education, University of Melbourne
See all Editorial Reviews
Product Details

    * Paperback: 264 pages
    * Publisher: Addison Wesley; 2 edition (June 25, 2010)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 0273728911
    * ISBN-13: 978-0273728917