Robert U Ayres, Robert Costanza, Jose Goldemberg, Marija D Ilic, Eberhard Jochem, Robert Kaufmann, Amory B Lovins, Mohan Munasinghe, R K Pachauri, Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo, Per Peterson, Lee Schipper, Margaret Slade, Vaclav Smil, Ernst Worrell, Cutler J. Cleveland - Encyclopedia of Energy (6 Volumes Set)
 Publisher: Elsеvier Sciеnce | 2004-04-01 | ISBN: 012176480X | PDF | 5376 pages | 49.6 MB


 This six-volume encyclopedia is a timely information resource as rising energy costs and consumption engenders a renewed focus on the subject. Comprised of 380 articles, it provides comprehensive coverage of all aspects of energy. Not only does it address the expected scientific and technological areas such as engineering, physics, geology, and environmental science, but it also includes a strong social science component with history, economics, public policy, and sociology. Cleveland (director, Center for Energy and Environmental Studies, Boston Univ.) and over 400 contributors from academia, government, and industry provide authoritative information in the form of lengthy, well-organized articles that are accessible to undergraduates and researchers. Each article has definitions, cross-references, and suggested readings to aid the user. Extras include a glossary, an extensive chronology of energy-related developments, a small annotated bibliography, key international organizations, and a wide range of energy-related tables such as measurement and units, physical property data, and production and consumption figures. Bottom Line The material here is on a more advanced level than the the three-volume Macmillan Encyclopedia of Energy. Whereas Macmillan provides overviews of the major energy topics, the articles in Encyclopedia of Energy have greater breadth and depth. Both encyclopedias complement each other well because of the difference in scope and surprisingly small overlap in content. But Macmillan may be a more affordable choice for smaller public, high school, and undergraduate libraries, while the Encyclopedia of Energy is strongly recommended for academic and large public libraries.
 An invaluable resource for all academics, researchers, professionals and students either working in or conducting research in the energy and related environmental fields.