(I found this at rapidshare. I'm uploading this in case it's removed from there.)
(Below is the readme file, which is included in the torrent.)
(Please seed. Enjoy!)


GAME ......... Hammerfight
LANGUAGE ..... English
DEVELOPER .... Konstantin Koshutin
DISKS ........ 04x5mb
DATE ......... 14/11/2009
GENRE ........ GAME
PROTECTION ... Steam
RiPPED ....... NOthing!


          Hammerfight is about 2D battles of flying machines equipped with
          various slashing, piercing and blunt weaponry.                  

          A unique combat system is based on realistic physics simulation,
          and it ties the movements of the rider to the  movements of your
          mouse.  As you wave the mouse,  your rider swings his warhammer,
          smashing the foe into the wall!                                 

          This creates an unequaled feel of the real strike, a feel of the
          mass of the  weapon in your hands.  Simulated physics and direct
          mouse  control  creates  a  huge  variety  of  possible   battle
          techniques and an unlimited field for perfecting one's  fighting
          skill.                                                          


          Features :                                                      

          Ί Intuitive mouse control.                                      
          Ί Realistic physics, breakable objects.                         
          Ί Great storyline.                                              
          Ί High quality art.                                             
          Ί More that 50 weapons.                                         
          Ί 3 additional modes, up to 4 players.                          



          If you like the game, support the developers and buy it!



          1. Unzip and Unrar.                                             
          2. Run Setup.exe and Install.                                   
          3. Play & Enjoy!.                                               


          We currently have a position open for: CLOSED (We will find you)

          greetz: ViTALiTY / HTG / VACE / ROGUE / REUNION / CRD / DVT / BrEWeRS