This is the FULL 7 DVD set of Carl Sagan\'s 1980\'s series \"Cosmos: A Personal Voyage\". It is a 13 part series across 7 DVDs. This is a repack of the 7 separate DVDs on here. I just made them into one torrent. 


Description:
When Cosmos was first broadcast in 1980, our world--and the context of Carl Sagan\'s eloquent \"personal journey\"--was a different place. The late Dr. Sagan would be pleased to witness the cooling of the Cold War, the continued exploration of space, and ongoing efforts to curb our destructive dependence on fossil fuels. For Sagan\'s series is far more than a guided tour through \"billions and billions\" of stars and galaxies. It remains a profound plea for the unity of humankind, for the recognition that \"we are a way for the universe to know itself,\" with an obligation to know our origin, our place in the universe, and our future potential.
In the course of 13 fascinating hours, Cosmos spans its own galaxy of topics to serve Sagan\'s theme, each segment deepening our understanding of how we got from there (simple microbes in the primordial mud) to here (space-faring civilization in the 21st century). In his \"ship of the imagination,\" Sagan guides us to the farthest reaches of space and takes us back into the history of scientific inquiry, from the ancient library of Alexandria to the NASA probes of our neighboring planets. Upon this vast canvas Sagan presents the \"cosmic calendar,\" placing the 15-billion-year history of the universe into an accessible one-year framework, then filling it with a stunning chronology of events, both interstellar and earthbound.

From the lives of the stars to creation theories, functions of the human brain, and the ongoing search for extraterrestrial intelligence, Cosmos asks big questions. When appropriate, Sagan offers big answers, or asks still bigger--and yes, even spiritual--questions at the boundaries of science and religion. What\'s most remarkable about Cosmos is that it remains almost entirely fresh, with few updates needed to the science that Sagan so passionately celebrates. It is no exaggeration to say that Cosmos--for all the debate it may continue to provoke--is a vital document for humanity at a pivotal crossroads of our history. --Jeff Shannon


Titles:
I: The Shores Of the Cosmos
II: One Voice In the Cosmic Fugue
III: The Harmony Of the Worlds
IV: Heaven and Hell
V: Blues For A Red Planet 
VI: Travellers\' Tales 
VII: The Backbone of Night 
VIII: Travels In Space and Time
IX: The Lives Of the Stars
X: The Edge Of Forever
XI: The Persistence Of Memory
XII: Encyclopedia Galactica
XIII: Who Speaks For Earth?


Side Note: I have a 20Mbps upload that I will be leaving on all day and night for the foreseeable future. I will keep seeding as everyone should see this series! Please, tell your friends and family about it AND MAKE SURE TO SEED!!!

This is my first upload. So if it sucks, tell me how to make it better. =)