Format: Color, Dolby, DTS Surround Sound, DVD, NTSC 
Language: English 
Region: Region 1 
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1 
Number of discs: 1 
Rated: NR (Not Rated) 
Studio: Eagle Rock Ent 
DVD Release Date: October 18, 2005 
Run Time: 127 minutes 


Deep Purple in 1972 were reaching the height of their success, with hit singles and albums worldwide. Into this heady atmosphere they delivered one of the most famous rock albums of all time, 'Machine Head'. 
1972 saw them premier the new album at concerts in Europe, Japan and America (with no fewer than six tours there that year), delivering the powerful new 'Machine Head' set. It was a concert in the Danish capital of Copenhagen that the first (and only) full film of the famous Mk 2 line-up presented here was made, and is now available on DVD for the first time. 

Recorded March 1, 1972, it was originally filmed by Danmark Radio, Denmark's national radio and television station. The actual black and white footage was never screened in full and ended up lying dormant in the company's vaults. 

The tour continued through to 1973 when Deep Purple returned to America, selling out more shows and shifting more albums than they had ever done. A camera crew turned up to film the group in New York in May for the 'In Concert' show, and this is also released here for the first time in glorious color (on any format), including the only performance of the line-up doing 'Smoke on The Water’. LINEUP: 
Ritchie Blackmore: Guitar
Ian Gillan: Vocals
Roger Glover: Bass
Jon Lord: Keyboards
Ian Paice: Drums 

*David Coverdale: Vocals on Bonus Track 

Tracklisting:
Copenhagen, March 1972 (black and white) (90 minutes)
1. Highway Star
2. Strange Kind Of Woman
3. Child In Time
4. The Mule
5. Lazy
6. Space Truckin'
7. Fireball
8. Lucille
9. Black Night
New York, May 1973 (color) (27 minutes)
1. Strange Kind Of Woman
2. Smoke On The Water
3. Space Truckin' 

Bonus Features:
Archive Collection Preview
1. Burn (bonus live track from Live At California Jam, 1974)
DVD Credits / Links
DVD History 

by AMAZON


Best you can get from " machine head "live show!!!, 20. Juli 2005 
Rezensentin/Rezensent: [...](Mehr über mich) aus Eilat, il 
I saw this dvd in the store and it took few days till i bought it- i thought to my self- again , another deep purple dvd - most of it black&white (monochrome), but i admit now, i was wrong- This show - " the Scandinavian , live in denmark march 1972 is a MUST HAVE to any fan. 9 tracks from the machine head live , the only complete visual document of deep purple mk2 concert you can get played ii good quality sound , with good picture quality ( for this days ) ( monochrome only) but i was very surprized- this is great show indeed .The second show was filmed in the concert hall of hofstra university in America 25 min only 3 tracks were kept , good sound quality and very good picture quality ( for this days in colour !!!and you can choose "dts " or Dolby digital 5.0) ( strnge kind of woman, smoke on the water and space truckin. 
i personally prefer the "Scandinavian nights " show (copenhagen show)!!! - the best deep purple you can watch - this is the " machine head " live!!! ( you can choose dolby 2.0 - god sound or Dolby digital 5.0). 97 min!!! ( and i didn't talk about the 1 track bnus from 74' show , from California jam (bonus vision )( i bought already the fll show last year). 
great dvd , must have , ian paice and ian gillan in their finest , deep purple in their best , i saw Ritchie B in better days ( with dio 1977 germany show " caled also "on stage" in their live album , but i enjoy his efforts also here!!! roger glover always great and Jon lord made good job but we saw Him also in better days... but this dvd is the best visual dvd you can get from this days... i wish to get something like this from scorpions ( "Tokyo tapes ") maybe in some days .... but i can't believe we will ... 
Believe me i also thought to my selve i would not buy this DVD but i glad i did!!! ( highway tar , strange kind of woman, child in time ( 17.43 min ) , the mule , lazy , space trackin , also day played " fireball ", "Lucille " and " black night" ! 
(in the 1972 show) 

by Tal Avraham