Dragon NaturallySpeaking 11 Premium speech recognition software lets you control your digital world by voice - three times faster than typing. Turn ideas into text at the speed of thought. Tell your PC what to do and it does it. Use Dragon to talk your way through your "to-do" list - email, reports, spreadsheets, presentations, social networking and more - quickly and confidently. Use a digital voice recorder and Dragon will transcribe the audio files when you return to your PC. With Dragon as your personal assistant, you'll get more done faster for less stress and more success - at home, work, or wherever life takes you. From improved accuracy and faster performance, to an intuitive user interface with a rich Help system, powerful new voice commands and an enhanced correction and adaptation process, Dragon NaturallySpeaking 11 has been redesigned to be faster, better and smarter. The Dragon user interface now offers better usability, and includes a new Sidebar showing tips as well as many commands. It's now easier to discover, remember and access important Dragon features and options. New Recognition Analytics continuously monitor audio quality and alert users when there is an audio issue, to help them achieve their best accuracy. More than ever, Dragon 11 enables users to focus on their thoughts and ideas rather than the mouse, keyboard or computer screen. Dragon 11 is more accurate out of the box than version 10, and uses state-of-the-art technology. Thanks to improvements at various levels, corrections are faster to make, and quickly become less necessary. Version 11 "learns" better than any previous version, including from existing documents and dictations as well as from corrections made via the keyboard. Dragon 11 responds faster to voice commands and also introduces new time-saving commands that consolidate multiple mouse clicks and keystrokes. It's faster and easier to open applications, get to a particular window, move within a window, send email, create appointments, search the Web, and more - all by voice. So now users can get even more done faster on their computers.

Use One Of The Serials To Register Your Product.

Serials
1. K609A-H00-T2D2-AUUZ-NC

2. A109Z-X00-FJFD-BK5W-P4

Instructions
Run Dragon NaturallySpeaking Premium 11 [Ithasabika].exe to setup the app and use the serials to register it.