Dempsey And Makepeace - The Complete Series Discset. Includes all the extras. 

Multimedia container Format: AVI
Video Codec: XVID
Audio codec: MP3

Series/Season 1:
*10 episodes (episodes 1 and 2 include audio commentaries)

Series/Season 2:
*10 episodes

Series/Season 3:
*10 episodes

Extras:
*Audio commentaries on episodes 1 and 2 of Series/Season 1 (Armed and Extremely Dangerous, The Squeeze) 
*2 episodes of Tales of the Unexpexted, featuring Brandon and Barber.
*A documentary: Brandon and Barber on Dempsey and Makepeace
*3 interviews

***** DEMPSEY AND MAKEPEACE (1985-1986) ******

IMDb Rating: 7.5/10 from 442 users 

Cast
Series cast summary:
Michael Brandon... 	Lt. James Dempsey (30 episodes, 1985-1986)
Glynis Barber... 		Det. Sgt. Harry Makepeace (30 episodes, 1985-1986)
Ray Smith... 		Chief Supt. Gordon Spikings (30 episodes, 1985-1986)
Tony Osoba... 		Det. Sgt. Chas Jarvis (27 episodes, 1985-1986) 

Plot Summary:

James Dempsey was a tough New York cop who got himself into a lot of trouble by killing his partner during a corruption investigation. With things too hot for him in New York, Dempsey was seconded to London's elite SI10, where he was assigned to work with Detective Sergeant Harriet Makepeace, under the supervision of Chief Superintendent Spikings. Dempsey found British police methods slow and infuriating, and his new colleagues considered him a violent maverick, entirely too attached to his .357 Magnum. The immediate antagonism between Dempsey and Makepeace was countered by a strong physical attraction, and while they fought continuously, they made a good, effective team.

Episodes:

Series/Season 1

Season 1, Episode 1: Armed and Extremely Dangerous
Original Air Date—11 January 1985
New York Police Lieutenant James Dempsey kills his corrupt partner Joey and has to lay low until the case can be further investigated. His superior O'Grady sends Dempsey to London, England as part of an exchange of officers. Chief Superintendent Spikings, head of SI10 is not to pleased to have a 'yank' forced onto his department. He decides to couple Dempsey with his complete opposite, Sergeant Makepeace, an upper class English rose on a case involving a mysterious shipment of caviar.

Season 1, Episode 2: The Squeeze
Original Air Date—18 January 1985
A heavy duty transit van carrying half a million pounds in used notes is high jacked, drivers and all and S.I. 10 is tasked to find it. Meanwhile Spikings has his hands full trying to get Dempsey to part with his gun, as it is illegal for police officers in England to carry one.

Season 1, Episode 3: Lucky Streak
Original Air Date—25 January 1985
Dempsey happens to be present at a casino when it is robbed and a security guard murdered. So, Spikings tells the Yank to wake up Makepeace in the middle of the night and start their investigation.

Season 1, Episode 4: Given to Acts of Violence
Original Air Date—1 February 1985
Dempsey and Makepeace are shadowing Frank Egan, who has just got off Scott free on a murder charge. His next big job seems to involve 'a bird man' and 'haggis'. It leads to Makepeace posing as a floozy and Dempsey as a pilot.

Season 1, Episode 5: Hors de Combat
Original Air Date—8 February 1985
Frank Price is sprung out of jail, only to be killed by his accomplishes. Spikings suspects Price's boss Jack Lang, but when Lang's granddaughter Debbie is kidnapped it seems like someone else is trying to instigate a gang war. Meanwhile, Dempsey is more interested in wooing fellow American Angie Hughes.

Season 1, Episode 6: Nowhere to Run
Original Air Date—15 February 1985
A truck carrying studio equipment is high jacked. Then it turns out the contents were actually automatic guns meant for a group of Arab terrorists.

Season 1, Episode 7: Make Peace Not War
Original Air Date—22 February 1985
Dempsey takes the place of American hit-man Schwartz to infiltrate a gang of drug dealers who lacing T-shirts with heroin. Little does he suspect that their main contact, Lei Shan carries a grudge against the real Schwartz. When Makepeace gets her hands on one of the T-shirts via one of her contacts, the undercover Dempsey finds himself forced to bump her off.

Season 1, Episode 8: Blind Eye
Original Air Date—8 March 1985
Jailbird Charlie Wilson wants to speak to Gordon Spikings alone concerning an urgent matter. But he shuts up tight after his little boy is kidnapped in the park. Meanwhile Spikings finds himself subject to a bombed briefcase while traveling by tube.

Season 1, Episode 9: Cry God for Harry
Original Air Date—15 March 1985
A priceless collection of jade artifacts has been stolen from Makepeace's ancestral home, Winfield Hall. When she and Dempsey join her father's other guest for a weekend pheasant hunt, the search soon turns into an old fashioned murder mystery.

Season 1, Episode 10: Judgement
Original Air Date—22 March 1985
Harriet Makepeace's best friend Sarah is raped and murdered on a train to London. The victim's father, Judge Hackett forbids an autopsy done on her body, leading the investigation to focus on one possible suspect seen by Makepeace: a slightly retarded man called John Bates.

Series/Season 2

Season 2, Episode 1: Silver Dollar
Original Air Date—31 August 1985
A group calling themselves the African Liberation Army is terrorizing London. During the investigation, Dempsey and Makepeace get into an argument over a misplaced set of car-keys which escalates so far that Dempsey decides to turn in his badge and head back to New York.

Season 2, Episode 2: Wheelman
Original Air Date—7 September 1985
Makepeace poses as reporter Debby Smith to get close to hoodlum 'Marocco' Jack and ends up saving his life from a rival gang. Dempsey joins Marocco's gang by posing as an American driver called Andy Sallapuccio, whom they need to pull off two simultaneous jewel heists. Meanwhile Spikings is facing complaints from upstairs that might lead to M.I. 10 being shut down.

Season 2, Episode 3: Love You to Death
Original Air Date—14 September 1985
Dempsey is stalked by a homicidal women who obsesses over him, and who hates Makepeace for being with him.

Season 2, Episode 4: No Surrender
Original Air Date—21 September 1985
Makepeace gets injured while pursuing jewelery thieves with Dempsey. On her first day out of hospital, they run straight into a bank robbery and high-jacking and Dempsey is reluctant to put Makepeace in any kind of danger.

Season 2, Episode 5: Tequila Sunrise
Original Air Date—28 September 1985
Sid Lowe rules an entire London region with an iron fist. When one of Makepeace's informants, Wee Jock gets beat up by Lowe's men, for once it is Demsey who is the more reasonable one and has to restrain his partner.

Season 2, Episode 6: Blood Money
Original Air Date—5 October 1985
An antique dealer is murdered and priceless Egyptian artifacts are stolen. While the crooks try to get to find a buyer, Dempsey and Makepeace go undercover and find several parties looking to get their hands on the artifacts.

Season 2, Episode 7: Set a Thief
Original Air Date—12 October 1985
Dempsey and Makepeace witness a young woman being run down on the street. She turns out to have been a model with connections to drug trafficking and members of parliament.

Season 2, Episode 8: The Hit
Original Air Date—19 October 1985
After a long night on a fruitless stakeout, an S.I.10 colleague is shot by an American hit man right in front of Dempsey and Makepeace. The hunt is on for the killer, who's been targeting a pimp but who's real target seems to be somebody higher up. As luck would have it, one of the prostitutes happens to be an old school chum of Makepeace.

Season 2, Episode 9: In the Dark
Original Air Date—26 October 1985
Once again, Dempsey and Makepeace are witness to a fellow policeman being shot. In this case it's one of Makepeace's former partners, Tom Bishop, who's dying words involve millions in cash and 'the min in the red coat'.

Season 2, Episode 10: The Bogeyman
Original Air Date—2 November 1985
Dempsey becomes obsessed with catching a tough guy called Keith Lymon. Makepeace thinks it's because the two men are different sides of the same coin.

Series/Season 3

Season 3, Episode 1: The Burning
Original Air Date—30 August 1986
Dempsey pretends to be dead and goes into deep cover after he gets a message that Coltrane knows where he is. Makepeace is his contact. But even while posing as Johnny 'the Wolf' Lupino, Dempsey can't keep his nose out of police business and gets close to American gangster Mara Giardino.

Season 3, Episode 2: The Burning: Part 2
Original Air Date—6 September 1986
Dempsey is losing himself in the part of Johnny Lupino as he gets ready for a gold heist organized by Mara Giardino. Unknown to him, his arch enemy and former boss Coltrane is closing in on him. A worried Makepeace is captured by Mara's men while tailing her partner. And Dempsey begins to fear he may be about to lose another partner.

Season 3, Episode 3: Jericho Scam
Original Air Date—13 September 1986
While on their way to Chas Jarvis' wedding, Dempsey and Makepeace foil a bank robbery. Even though this crime is being handled by another department, Dempsey can't let it go and ends up being framed and on the run himself.

Season 3, Episode 4: The Prizefighter
Original Air Date—20 September 1986
Dempsey and Makepeace find the broken body of a bare-knuckle prizefighter on the street carrying counterfeit money. Posing as an American couple named Dwayne and Lu, they manage to get into the illegal underground fight. Meanwhile Mrs. Spikings forces her husband to have his men search for her stolen car.

Season 3, Episode 5: Extreme Prejudice
Original Air Date—27 September 1986
Shipments of army weapons are being hit systematically. An eyewitness points Dempsey and Makepeace towards an ex-army man called Jimmy, but their superior Edwards insists they go after dimwitted strongman Big Ben Davis instead.

Season 3, Episode 6: Bird of Prey
Original Air Date—4 October 1986
Eddie Dean kidnaps a young girl to keep her mother from testifying against a crook named Burton. Dempsey and Makepeace seek help from the one man able to find Dean: Dempsey's nemesis Keith Lymon. But first they have to get him out of prison and convince him to help.

Season 3, Episode 7: Out of Darkness
Original Air Date—11 October 1986
SI10 is hunting for the so-called 'Thriller Killer', who kidnaps blue eyed brunettes and kills them withing 20 yours. But the killer takes an interest in Makepeace as she and Dempsey get close during their investigation and demands to meet with her one on one.

Season 3, Episode 8: The Cortez Connection
Original Air Date—18 October 1986
While tracking South American drug runner Cortez, Dempsey gets an unexpected visit from his ex-girlfriend Simone, who has tracked him down simply by calling his mother.

Season 3, Episode 9: Mantrap
Original Air Date—25 October 1986
Dempsey and Makepeace are under cover trying to find the mastermind behind a series of jewel heists. Little do they suspect they are being targeted themselves for getting to close to the source.

Season 3, Episode 10: Guardian Angel
Original Air Date—1 November 1986
Makepeace resigns from the police force after having a vision of Dempsey being shot dead. While she begins working on a dinosaur exhibition at the National History Museum, Dempsey is partnered with Joyce Hargreaves, who has been desk bound for the last several years.