-      Game Type...: Puzzle            # of Disks.: 12  4.77MB  /  /
"      Released....: April 09th, 2011  Protection.: Serial      /  /  7
..' .' .'

.----------------------------- r e l e a s e info

-  Purify Puzzle is a puzzle game that pay homage  to the arcade  puzzlers
'  back  in  the  day.  It features single player  modes like 30 levels of
arcade,  and  infinite survival  and  time attack. In addition  to this
.  exciting package, Purify  Puzzle also includes intense local and online
multiplayer

.  Purify  Puzzle's  innovative  control  system  finally  allows  players
.  frustrated  by  random chance  to have deeper choices in their gameplay
.  experience. Swap puzzle  items  for one of a different color, or adjust
:  a held item's colors  from  a  swatch  of  eight different colors. This
unique mechanic  allows  strategic players  to unleash combos and score
more points faster and more consistently.  Defeat  levels on your terms
and attain fame on our leaderboards

Go head-to-head with friends locally or online in a competitive race to
the finish. Do more than score combos and look flashy Skillful players
can send large combos to their opponent's board,  creating  a  frenetic
back-and-forth gameplay experience

As much a treat for the  senses as  a  challenge  for the brain, Purify
Puzzle features beautiful Japanese- inspired  hand-painted  backgrounds
and animations. You're not alone in  your journey  as  Ashley reacts to
your progress,  cheering  your  victories  and  lamenting your defeats
Move to an original soundtrack  that  changes  as  you progress through
the game

Purify  Puzzle  from  Paper  Child  Studios:  the  evolution  in arcade
puzzlers

Features

Arcade with story , Time Attack, Survival game modes
Local & Networked multiplayer
Local & Networked highscores.
Achievements.
Hand Painted HD Graphics.

..--''""      .
.-----------------'------ r e l e a s e notes
i  i
1# Unzip, Unrar manually.
2# Run setup.bat, after thats done hit Aspire.exe and use the next
serial number to register the game

First Name : VACE
Last  Name : VACE
Serial Key : XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX

3# Have phun

Ripped: Nothing

Notes : This game requires OpenAL Drivers, if you need you can find
on gamefolder.
