Alan's brand of traditional country, with just enough of a contemporary edge to appeal to a modern generation, provides a contrast with the prevailing pop country normally recorded by Nashville's major label singers. This collection contains all his big hits from the early part of his career.
Many of the songs are upbeat, happy songs but I was drawn to his music originally by Here in the real world, a sad song that Alan delivers superbly, which was the title track of his debut album.

The album opens with Chattahoochie, a very upbeat song that should get those toes tapping. There are so many great songs here, including Gone country (an amusing song about failed pop and folk singers trying to sing country), Midnight in Montgomery (an ode to Hank Williams), I don't even know your name (which Alan wrote as a joke) and Someday (about always putting things off to be done some day).

Alan writes or co-writes most of his own material, but has also demonstrated his brilliance with covers. On this collection, you will find covers of Tall tall trees (George Jones), Summertime blues (Eddie Cochran) and Mercury blues.

This collection covers the hits from the albums Here in the real world, Don't rock the jukebox, A lot about living and Who I am, together with two songs especially recorded for this collection - I'll try and the previously-mentioned Tall tall trees. As I write this, there is no volume two, but there is certainly enough material for such a volume. 

by ?????

TRACKLIST:

01 - Chattahoochee (Extended Mix).wma                            
02 - Gone Country.wma                                            
03 - She's Got The Rhythm (And I Got The Blues).wma              
04 - Midnight In Montgomery.wma                                  
05 - Tall, Tall Trees.wma                                        
06 - Chasin' That Neon Rainbow.wma                               
07 - I'll Try.wma                                                
08 - Don't Rock The Jukebox.wma                                  
09 - Livin' On Love.wma                                          
10 - Summertime Blues.wma                                        
11 - Love's Got A Hold On You.wma                                
12 - (Who Says) You Can't Have It All.wma                        
13 - Home.wma                                                    
14 - Wanted.wma                                                  
15 - I Don't Even Know Your Name.wma                             
16 - Dallas.wma                                                  
17 - Here In The Real World.wma                                  
18 - Someday.wma                                                 
19 - Mercury Blues.wma                                           
20 - I'd Love You All Over Again.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO