Revo Uninstaller Pro - innovative and powerful uninstall utility

Easy to use and effective with its unique features

Uninstall software, remove programs and solve uninstall problems

Revo Uninstaller Pro

Revo Uninstaller Pro helps you to uninstall software and remove unwanted programs installed on your computer easily! Even if you have problems uninstalling and cannot uninstall them from "Windows Add or Remove Programs" control panel applet.

Revo Uninstaller is a much faster and more powerful alternative to "Windows Add or Remove Programs" applet! It has very powerful features to uninstall and remove programs.

With its advanced and fast algorithms, Revo Uninstaller analyzes an application's data before uninstall and scans for remnants after the uninstall of a program. After the program's regular uninstaller runs, you can remove additional unnecessary files, folders and registry keys that are usually left over on your computer.

Revo Uninstaller Pro offers you some simple, easy to use, but effective and powerful methods for uninstalling software like tracing the program during its installation.

To remove a program completely and without leaving a trace you can monitor all system changes made during its installation, and then use that information to uninstall it with one click only – simple and easy!

What are the benefits of using Revo Uninstaller Pro?

Real-Time installation monitor is the most advanced and innovative technology used today! This technology is unique among the rest of the uninstallers. That is why it offers the easiest and the fastest way to monitor installations, so when the program is no longer needed the system changes made by the installation of the monitored program could be fully reverted as the program has never been installed before! It is so easy to use that requires only 3 mouse clicks to accomplish the whole process!

Revo Uninstaller Pro scans for leftovers with even more advanced algorithms that are so precise, fast and very effective in search for leftovers of Windows Services, Drivers, File associations, Shell Extensions, COM components, Windows Installer components, program settings and more!

Forced Uninstall is very useful and powerful program removal feature that is available in Revo Uninstaller Pro! Even when a program is uninstalled with Revo Uninstaller it could leave some leftovers because of the selected uninstall mode or because there is not enough reliable info about the uninstalled program. The user could tell where the leftover files or folders are, and according to that info Revo Uninstaller Pro could scan Windows Registry and the file system for even more related leftovers. Forced Uninstall gives a lot of power to the user but still keeps the safety of the system! It is very useful when the installation is corrupted and cannot continue further. Forced Uninstall is the best solution when you have to remove partially installed programs, partially uninstalled programs, and programs not listed as installed at all.

Multi-Level backup system – guarantees that with Revo Uninstaller Pro you can safely uninstall and remove remnants of programs. Revo Uninstaller Pro creates backups of removed registry keys, values, files and folders. Before each uninstall of a program it creates a System Restore Point. For maximum protection and safety It also makes full registry backup that could be used even when Windows cannot start at all! You can use that registry backup even when some other program, virus or something else has damaged the whole system.

Print and Export of the installed programs – Revo Uninstaller Pro let you to print and/or export all details of your installed programs in few handy file formats. So later if you need to reinstall your software configuration it will be much easier to find and install the right programs that you like and use all the time.

Full native 64-bit support - Revo Uninstaller Pro takes all advantages, power and speed of 64 bit Windows operating systems including the latest Windows 7 64-bit.

Revo Uninstaller gives you another 8 handy and powerful tools to clean up your system - AutoRun Manager, Windows Tools Manager, Junk Files Cleaner, Browsers History Cleaner, Office History Cleaner, Windows History Cleaner, Unrecoverable Delete Tool, and Evidence Remover.
