Technical Data

AVS Video Editor v6.1.2.211 Multilanguage

150 MB | Incl Spanish | Win All | NFO

Description

Video Editor AVS video editor to make the entire process, from importing video, sound and video, create your movie, export it to a file, even burn it to CD or DVD.

To create the assembly, AVS Video Editor offers hundreds of effects and transitions. Moreover, not only handles the video but also has an audio editor to cut and prepare the sound of your project.



Once you've created your project, export possibilities are many. You can simply create a file (AVI, MPEG or WMV), export to mobile phone or iPod, or even create a great DVD with templates included.



Features

Easy and accurate editing

Cut, cut, split, join, rotate and mix videos. Use the timeline and storyboard to edit video files accurately.



Handling a variety of formats

Works with all basic video formats. Open and save videos to AVI, VOB, MP4, DVD, WMV, 3GP, MOV, MKV, H.263/H.264 codecs, etc.. See the full list of video formats



Quick Edit HD video

Edit AVI HD, TOD, AVCHD, MOD, MTS/M2TS, etc.. With the cache technology integrated HD video editing is faster.



Screenshot

Use screen capture option to record your screen media from PC and video guides compile demos or projects.



Variety of effects

Choose between 300 innovative video effects and transitions. Insert text comments and captions. AVS Video Editor uses the GPU to accelerate the process.



Audio Editing

Edit audio directly into your videos. Combine audio tracks with video. Add background music. Record and voice overlays apply or live music or mute the unwanted noise.



Video Stabilization

Applies the function Stabilization to reduce vibration and unwanted movements of your video recordings.



Creating your own menus

Use the preset menu styles DVD / Blu-ray. Customize your menu by adding audio, video and images.



Procession Blu-Ray Video

Open and edit your videos Blu-ray. Apply effects and adds special menus. Save ciualquier key format files and burn video to Blu-ray.



Capture your video

Transfer video from DV cameras, web, or VHS to your hard drive. Encode video directly to MPEG format and create home DVD movies.



Video Sharing

Add video files to all sites where you can share your video such as Facebook, Flickr, MySpace, etc. interface directly AVS Video Editor.

System Requirements



Operating System: Windows XP, 2003, Vista, 7 * (no Mac OS / Linux)

Processor: Intel / AMD or equal to 2500 MHz or higher

RAM: 1 GB or higher

Sound: Sound card compatible with Windows

Display: Color 32-bit

CD: for importing from CD

DVD: for importing from DVD and create DVD video

Video capture device: required for capturing

Windows Media Player 11 or higher to play WMV video files

DirectX: Microsoft DirectX 9.0c or later

Administrative permissions for program installation and activation

Internet connection to activate the program



Recommended System Requirements Windows Vista



Processor: Supports Intel / AMD to 3 GHz single core/1.8 GHz dual core

RAM: 1.5 GB or higher

Video: Video card compatible with Windows Vista

Sound: Sound card compatible with Windows Vista




Install Instructions:-
1. Run the setup file to install the software
2. Close the application
3. Extract the Crack (RAR file) using WinRar or similar
4. Paste the Crack in the install directory C:\\Program Files\\AVS4YOU\\AVSVideoEditor)
5. Start the software, it is activated now.	



PLS CLICK HERE AND KEEP TEAM RJAA ALIVE:
