"Gulf Coast Power Pro Wrestling is a locally owned and operated company out of Port Neches, Texas. It began in 2002 in Orange, Texas as a way to entertain crowds at Mardi Gras festivities and has since branched into regularly scheduled shows at the Port Neches National Guard Armory, Beaumont Mardi Gras, Cinco De Mayo festivals at Ford Park, and numerous other locations. Each year GCPPW and its workers entertain THOUSANDS of Southeast Texas residents and continue to grow and expand into the community."

Since this is my personal federation of choice and WWE and TNA see their fans as no more than piggybanks, we decided it was time for a change. In the tradition of Rednex, we've decided a freebie was in order to say thanks to our supporting fans. Since I've been around GCPPW.com raised to a PR 3 rated site putting it in the 2nd spot for the top indy fed in the area, and it continues to grow. We are changing the opinions of the fans proving once and for all the WWE and TNA have no idea what the fans want, nor do they care. If so we'd have a torrent from them already. This will never happen. For 2 companies that are at the top of the biz, they don't have much faith in their product if they can't give one or two of them away for free. Fan appreciation night on WWE is a joke, We will not "Stand up for WWE", your feds in the gutter "Brother", and the ratings are slipping. Its time for a change.

Keep in mind these were taped inside the arenas(most are amateur video so they might not be the best quality but they are free and legal. Most are available on the "Tube", and all are viewable from the main site.

Features:
Full length matches(featuring Avarice,Vincent Chase,J-Wayne,Irish Mike and more!) 
Backstage interviews with Sign Guy
Post match interviews and comments
And much much more!

Formats:
Most are Webripped FLV and MP4\'s.

Check out our roster page: http://gcppw.com/?page_id=8
Check our our photo galleries: http://gcppw.com/?page_id=12
Even more videos are here: http://gcppw.com/?page_id=14

And don't forget to check out our website http://GCPPW.com. I'm the N2KMaster and I approve of this message...... If you\'re looking for the new phase in pro wrestling, look no further, we hear ya and respect the fan base enough to actually give them what they want. Free indy wrestling by the boat load....
