 Breaking and Entering (2006) PAL

Nederlands:       

Verenigd Koninkrijk / Verenigde Staten
Drama
120 minuten

geregisseerd door Anthony Minghella
met Jude Law, Juliette Binoche en Robin Wright Penn

Law speelt de succesvolle architect Will Francis. 
Robin Wright Penn is zijn Zweedse vriendin Liv die haar dagen in hun chique appartement slijt met tobben over haar autistische dochter en ondertussen steeds meer afstand van hem neemt. 
Als Will na een serie inbraken in zijn kantoor de jonge dader naar huis volgt, raakt hij gefascineerd door de troosteloze wijk waar hij woont en zijn blue collar-milieu. 
Bovendien voelt hij zich aangetrokken tot de moeder van het joch, de warmbloedige, Bosnische naaister Amira (Juliette Binoche). 
Will begint zijn kleding bij de nietsvermoedende Amira te brengen voor herstelklusjes, om haar regelmatig te kunnen zien.

Englisch
A Landscape Architect's dealings with a young thief cause him to re-evaluate his life.  

Breaking and Entering is a 2006 romantic drama film, by Academy Award-winning director Anthony Minghella's first original screenplay since his 1991 feature debut, Truly, Madly, Deeply.

The film stars Jude Law (whom Minghella directed in Cold Mountain and The Talented Mr. Ripley) and Juliette Binoche (from The English Patient, also directed by Minghella).

In a major supporting role, Robin Wright Penn plays Liv, the long-standing girlfriend of Will (Jude Law's character).

Set in a blighted, inner-city neighbourhood of London, Breaking and Entering examines an affair which unfolds between a successful British landscape architect and Amira, a Bosnian woman – the mother of a troubled teen son – who was widowed by the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Rafi Gavron, in his first major film role, portrays Miro. The role, that of a young traceur, and the burglar to which the film's title partly alludes, requires Gavron to perform several difficult physical feats.

It is a presentation of Miramax Films and The Weinstein Company and was distributed in the U.S. by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Breaking and Entering premièred on September 13, 2006 at the Toronto International Film Festival.[2]

Spotinformatie 
Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail 
Audio         : Engels, Spanish DD5.1
Ondertitels   : Nederlands, Engels, Danish, Finnish,Spanish, Norwegian, Icelandic, Swedish, Portugese
Cover & Label : Ja
Genre         : Drama
 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0443456

  
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/34074


Brought to you by bakkie @ TBS
 
