Wandering Spirit is Mick Jagger's finest effort in a long time. After 2 rather pop sounding 80's albums in She's the Boss and Primitive Cool (both too slick and market driven), Wandering Spirit returns to draw from some of his best work with the Stones and also ventures into new territory. Wired all Night and Put Me in The Trash are 2 raunchy rockers with some of the catchiest riffs that either he or the Stones have come up with in years (and to imagine that these riffs don't have Keith driving them). Evening Gown and Hang On To Me Tonight take you back to some of best Stones ballads (reminiscent of the country guitars in Wild Horses, Dead Flowers). Angel in My Heart is an absolutely stunning requiem. Don't Tear Me Up is a fine mid temp rocker and Out of Focus is another brilliant gospel tinged blues rock number that could just as well belong to Exile on Main Street. Handsome Molly is a pleasant surprise. Use Me with Lenny Kravitz reminds one of Mick's early roots and even the falsetto funk driven Sweet Thing (Mick's flirtation with this genre has been his perennial downfall) works well this time around. Mother of a Man and Think are adventurous tunes with fat guitars; one never hears this on a Stones album. It is however the title track which shows a spiritual and exploratory side of Mick Jagger that best captures the energy, vitality, song writing brilliance as well as musicianship of Mick Jagger. 
It's a pity that this album is not continuously raved about as one of the finest albums of the 90's (Rolling Stone magazine though did mention it in their list of 50 most important albums of the 90's). Mick Jagger and the Stones through the late 70's and 80's have often pandered to the seamy side of Rock and Roll resulting in a certain lack of respect from both critics as well as the general public. I would describe Lennon as a Bohemian, McCartney as prolific and Bob Dylan as a poet but Mick Jagger is the true Rock & Roll genius and Wandering Spirit showcases Mick's inherent versatility and ability to cross genres and remain adventurous and relevant. 
Wandering Spirit is a must have for any lover of serious Rock and Rock & Roll.

by A Costumer

TRACKLIST:

01 - Wired All Night.wma                               
02 - Sweet Thing.wma                                   
03 - Out Of Focus.wma                                  
04 - Don't Tear Me Up.wma                              
05 - Put Me In The Trash.wma                           
06 - Use Me (feat. Lenny Kravitz).wma                  
07 - Evening Gown.wma                                  
08 - Mother Of A Man.wma                               
09 - Think.wma                                         
10 - Wandering Spirit.wma                              
11 - Hang On To Me Tonight.wma                         
12 - I've Been Lonely For So Long.wma                  
13 - Angel In My Heart.wma                             
14 - Handsome Molly.wma        

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

MARCELODRGZ