Sci Fi Science

Science Documentary hosted by Dr. Michio Kaku, published by Discovery Channel in 2009 - English narration


Information
------------------------------

Sci Fi Science
Explore the world of the seemingly impossible with the all-new series SCI FI SCIENCE. Hosted by internationally-renowned physicist and co-founder of string field theory, Dr. Michio Kaku, this series poses the idea that science fiction may not be so far from science fact. Examine topics that currently seem so far out|Ý of the realm of possibility, such as invisibility cloaks, teleportation, time travel and more.
Kaku uses discussion of speculative technologies to introduce topics of fundamental physics to the reader. The topic of invisibility becomes a discussion on why the speed of light is slower in water than a vacuum that electromagnetism is similar to ripples in a pond, and Kaku discusses newly-developed composite materials. The topic of Star Trek "phasers" becomes a lesson on how lasers work and how laser-based research is conducted. With each discussion of science fiction technology topics he also "explains the hurdles to realizing these science fiction concepts as reality".


1)  How to Explore the Universe 
Ep. 1) Dr Michio Kaku shows how we might one day explore the Universe like the crew of the Starship Enterprise. He visits Brookhaven National laboratory's atom smasher where particles are accelerated to near light speed. A loophole in Einstein's theory of relativity is revealed when Professor Miguel Alcubierre explains how Star Trek provided inspiration for his breakthrough equation showing how a spacecraft could travel at warp speed. Kaku demonstrates the mysterious properties of negative energy and looks at some ground breaking work by Professor Federico Capasso at Harvard University. Crossing the universe in the blink

2)  How to Travel to a Parallel Universe 
Ep. 2) Dr Michio Kaku is on a mission to design a gateway to a parallel universe - but which type should he visit? Some could have different laws of physics or alternate versions of reality. MIT cosmologist Alan Guth explains his recipe for creating your own universe in the lab. Physicist Neil Turok explains how a parallel universe is right here, only an atom's length away from us, but hidden in another dimension. The final design is mind-blowing - a machine on a scale that's literally out of this world.

3)  How to Blow Up a Planet 
Ep. 3) Could a real life death star ever actually be built? Dr Michio Kaku thinks so. Fellow astrophysics professor Stephen Thorsett reveals that out in deep space a devastating gamma ray burster is pointing right at Planet Earth. Kaku believes that an advanced civilization might be able to manipulate these bursters and beam destruction onto whatever planet they liked. He visits the world's biggest laser at the National Ignition Facility in Livermore California and sees how fusion power might one day provide enough energy to power a laser that could destroy a planet, just like the death star in Star Wars.

4)  How to Teleport 
Ep. 4) Teleportation sounds like sci-fi fantasy but it may not be so far fetched after all. Dr Michio Kaku reveals that it's already taking place on an atomic level at the Joint Quantum Institute at the University of Maryland. He meets futurologist Mike Treder and Dr Raymond Damadian, one of the inventors of the MRI scanner, and comes up with a design that incorporates advanced MRI technology, lasers and 3D bio- printers. We might be beaming up sooner than you think!

5)  How to Become Invisible 
Ep. 5) Dr. Michio Kaku shows how we could create a real working cloak of invisibility. He visits Japan where he tests out an optical camouflage cloak and meets its inventor, Professor Susumu Tachi. In search of true invisibility he meets Professor Chris Phillips at Imperial College, London whose team is using lasers to rearrange atoms and make them invisible. But he finds the breakthrough technology for his design in North Carolina at Duke University where researchers have designed a nano engineered material that can literally bend light. Vanishing into thin air could be closer than you think.

6)  How to Travel Through Time 
Ep. 6) Time travel sounds like a sci-fi fantasy but Dr Michio Kaku shows otherwise. Professor Jeffrey Hoffman, the first man to spend more than a thousand hours in space explains why the effects of time dilation make him a time traveller. At Princeton University Kaku meets up with Dr J.Richard Gott who has come up with a theory for time travel that uses cosmic strings- gargantuan threads of primordial energy that are left overs from the big bang. At MIT Max Tegmark predicts that wormholes may one day provide a viable means of travelling in time.

7)  How to Build a Starship 
Ep. 7) No sci fi movie is complete without a starship travelling thousands of lightyears through space. But so far man has been no further than the moon. Dr Michio Kaku sets out to design a craft that really can travel to the stars. He fires up Princeton University's plasma engine and visits the world's largest vacuum chamber at NASA's Plumbrook space facility. The solar sails being tested there might one day power us across the galaxy. At the Fermilab particle accelerator Kaku investigates the amazing properties of the most energy efficient fuel ever discovered - anti matter. Alpha Centaurii might be nearer than you think.

8)  How to Build a Light Saber 
Ep. 8) Dr Michio Kaku uses cutting edge science and existing technology to show how we could build the most popular movie weapon ever. He examines the awesome power of the laser and shows how to harness the power of lightning. A visit to Harvard University's Dr Ron Walsworth shows that stopping light isn't quite the hurdle you might think. At MIT Professor Brian Wardle explains how nanotechnology might one day be used to generate enough energy to power up a lightsaber.

9)  How to Build a Sci Fi Robot 
Ep. 9) Sci-fi is full of intelligent robots but so far humankind has built nothing like the amazing machines we see in the movies . Now Dr. Michio Kaku reveals how artificial intelligence will become reality. He meets STAIR, Stanford University's pattern recognition robot and sets some tasks for LAGR -a robot that New York University's Professor Yan LeCun has designed with the ability to learn. But the key to artificial intelligence lies in quantum computing and Kaku travels to MIT to meet Professor Seth Lloyd and find out how atomic computers will change the world.

10)  How to Become a Superhero 
Ep. 10)Superhero powers are every kid's dream: the strength to lift cars, run faster than a train and see through solid walls. New technologies are rocketing these powers off the pages of comic books and into the real world. Dr Ray Boughman demonstrates how memory metal and alcohol vapours can be used to create super strong artificial muscles. Chris Magel from the Virginia Institute of Marine Science explains how a lobster's eye works and provides inspiration for the design of a pair of super sight goggles and MRI scanners provide inspiration for a pair of mindreading gloves. Bad guys watch out!

11)  How to Build a Flying Saucer orgSaucer 
Ep. 11) Flying saucers hover above the ground defying gravity, perform impossible manoeuvres and can hurtle through space. For decades scientists have tried to copy their unique capabilities, but all their attempts ended in failure. Now, Dr. Michio Kaku reveals how a flying saucer could become reality. He experiments with an ion lifter and travels to MIT to meet cosmologist Alan Guth who believes that out in deep space we may one day find exotic monopole magnets. If he's right our skies could be full of flying saucers!

12)  How to Build a Force Field 
Ep. 12) Every star ship needs armor and a force field is the ultimate protection against asteroids, space debris and enemy attack. Dr. Michio Kaku reveals how to build a real life deflector shield using components from cutting-edge experiments and theoretical physics. At Boston's Museum of Science Kaku demonstrates the power of lightning while standing in a giant Faraday cage. At Columbia University he fires up a stellarator to show how magnetic fields can control plasma. At MIT he gets a look at some top secret carbon nano material. A multi layered force field to protect space craft from laser and projectile attack is very real possibility.

13)  Earth 2 
Ep. 13) Dr Michio Kaku believes that just like in sci fi, we could transform a neighboring Planet into a second Earth. Space scientist Geoff Landis demonstrates how we could build floating cities in the gaseous atmosphere of Venus. The nightmarish conditions on the planets surface lead Kaku to look farther afield and he meets up with Bob Zubrin from the Mars Society who explains how the Red Planet could be geo engineered. Mars already has water but its frozen solid, so Chris McKay, a NASA research scientist, offers an audacious solution- build a huge solar mirror the size of Texas to melt the Martian ice caps. Michio eventually hits on an even more daring plan- heat up Mars by shooting asteroids at the planet's surface. The resulting Armageddon will eventually lead to the birth of Earth 2.0.

14)  Galactic Colonization 
Ep. 14) Dr Michio Kaku shows how science fiction's most inspiring vision - the colonization of the galaxy -could become reality. At the Carnegie Mellon Institute Dr Pei Zhang demonstrates his robot probes and Kaku shows how these swarmbots could be used to find habitable planets.. He enlists the help of spacecraft engineer Mason Peck to explain how Jupiter's magnetism could power the tiny craft into deep space. But once the probes are there and establish bases, how do colonists cover the vast distances of space? Kaku rejects the staple sci fi solutions of suspended animation and galaxy ships. With the help of his friend, the astrophysicist Max Tegmark, comes up with a far more radical plan. E-mailing human DNA by laser across the galaxy to a colony where an army of swarmbots will use it to grow clones in an incubator. A galactic civilization is born!

15)  Deep Impact 
Ep. 15)Dr Michio Kaku is on a mission to save planet Earth. 90% of the rocks in space are big enough to destroy civilization. And it's not a question of if they'll hit, it's when.. He shows what would happen if we really did use nuclear weapons to blow up an incoming asteroid and comes up with a safer, rocket powered solution. Kaku meets up with Harvard's Professor Brian Marsden who explains how a massive comet could smash into Earth without warning. To deal with the multiple threats, Kaku takes a lead from Star Wars and designs a system of laser equipped Death Stars to zap the space rocks before they hit us.

16)  A New Solar System 
Ep. 16)Its Dr Michio Kaku's most ambitious plan yet- the construction of a new solar system. He meets Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institution who identifies 47 Ursae Majoris as our nearest suitable star. But with no Earth planets in orbit it sure doesn't feel like our solar system Gravity could be used to manipulate a moon into an Earth like position. But Kaku's thinking bigger than that. If he's building a whole new solar system for humanity surely he should be able to harness all the power of our new sun? So he comes up with an incredible plan to completely encircle the sun with a giant sphere which will act as a huge energy collector. What's more, once it's spinning we'll be able to settle on the inside and become a truly stellar civilization.

17)  Alien Invasion 
Ep. 17)The aliens are coming! It's the cry at the heart of hundreds of sci fi movies. Dr. Michio Kaku asks, what would we really do if a hostile alien race were intent on invading the Earth? It seems like a hopeless scenario - any extraterrestrial aggressors who did show up would be far superior to us. But Michio has a plan to save the world. Professors Paul Davies and Max Tegmark are skeptical-- they believe that faced with invasion by super advanced beings, our only sensible option would be immediate surrender. Michio is no quitter and rolls out an audacious defense plan across the entire solar system. A visit to a Judo dojo provides inspiration for a final line of defense based on a martial arts tactic that he believes could save the entire human race.

18)  First Contact 
Ep. 18)Do aliens really exist? Dr. Michio Kaku thinks so. But how can he be so sure? The answer is simple - numbers. There are as many planets in the universe as there are grains of sand on all the beaches on Earth. That's a lot of real estate and plenty of room for other life forms. Most experts agree - making first contact is just a matter of time. Dr. Seth Shostak from the SETI Institute explains how they search the skies for messages from ET and Michio takes a dip with some dolphins as he works out how to recognize an alien communication. Incredibly, analysis of the patterns of dolphin chatter may hold the key to picking up an extraterrestrial broadcast. To prove that we're worthy of a close encounter, Michio shows how his own life's work on a Theory of Everything could ensure that super advanced beings deem us worthy of a visit

19)  Destroy the Death Star 
Ep. 19)Dr. Michio Kaku takes on the biggest and deadliest war machine in science fiction -the Death Star. We've all seen Luke Skywalker in action but could a lone star fighter really take out a battle station as a big as a moon? Michio brings physics to bear on the most iconic scene in sci fi. He talks swarm tactics with top gun pilot Colonel Rod Zastrow, who flew an F15 in the Gulf War, and reveals the truth about dogfights in space. Space shuttle pilot Ken Rogers explains how real spaceships maneuver and at Columbia University's centrifuge, Michio comes up with a novel solution to the G-Force problem. In North Carolina, a rail gun that can fire a projectile at twelve times the speed of sound shows how we might one day equip our own star fighters.

20)  Black Hole Odyssey 
Ep. 20)In sci fi, the most destructive force in the entire universe is also the key to travelling to a whole host of mind-blowing destinations. Jump through a black hole and you might end up in another universe or in another part of space and time. Dr. Michio Kaku aims to sort fact from fiction and work out how to travel through a black hole... and survive. On the way, he meets Dr. Andrew Hamilton who has used Einstein's equations to build a black hole simulator. Michio takes a ride and finds out firsthand why this kind of trip is so bad for your health. He visits a pasta factory to show the frightening effects of what scientists have dubbed "spaghettification". Professor Gerald Cecil, an expert on super massive black holes, explains how they are sometimes hurled out of galaxies into empty space. This huge, cataclysmic process may provide the ticket for anyone who wants to take the plunge and fly through the heart of black hole.

21)  A I Uprising 
Ep. 21): Imagine a world ruled by artificial intelligence where humans have been wiped out. This is no sci-fi fantasy-- we're fast approaching the moment when machines will be smarter than we are. We need a plan to stay on top and Dr. Michio Kaku is on the case. He's recruited help from some of America's top experts. Technology guru Marshall Brain thinks we may be only 40 years away from what scientists call 'The Singularity'. Michio considers AI researcher Ben Goertzel's proposal for a nanny artificial intelligence that will keep track of any rogue machine with a grudge against humanity. It's certainly one solution - but Michio's final design is even more audacious...

22)  Cyborg Army 
Ep. 22)Science fiction is full of terrifying man-machines whose awesome power can crush any opponent. But could we one day build our own army of superhuman cyborgs to protect us from extraterrestrial threats? Dr. Michio Kaku thinks so. Advances in biomechanics mean we can already meld nerve endings and robotic body parts. On a combat exercise in Fort Benning, Georgia, Michio road tests the U.S. Army's latest communications system- could it be the first step toward a Borg like collective consciousness? A stunning breakthrough in wireless electricity transfer hints at how a cyborg army might get the juice needed to stay on the march. The cutting edge of nano-tech reveals a future world where tiny machines manipulate DNA and alter the human body at the level of the cell. Recruitment for the cyborg army could begin sooner than you think.

23)  Holodeck 
Ep. 23)Dr. Michio Kaku believes there is nothing stopping us from building a holodeck straight out of Star Trek. He's on a mission to create an imaginary world indistinguishable from the real thing. At Rowan University, Michio experiences total immersion virtual reality as he takes on a T-Rex. Later, he goes on a patrol with the U.S. Army as he comes to grips with their omni-directional treadmill. Seth Goldstein at Carnegie Mellon explains how programmable matter will mean objects can shapeshift at the touch of a button. The only limits to a holodeck experience will be imagination itself...

24)  Shapeshifting Transformer 
Ep. 24)According to Hollywood evil robots are all around us, disguised as cars and trucks. But what the movies don't explain is what kind of mechanical power allows a Camero to stand up and move around like a human. Dr. Michio Kaku is on a quest to build a real life shapeshifting Transformer. On the way, he takes a ride in the amazing hydraulic cars of New York's 'Lunatic Low Riders' and explains the awesome power of a hydraulic smashing crane. At Pittsburgh Zoo, he gets an audience with Nature's greatest transformer- a color changing , shapeshifting fifty pound hunk of muscle that can squeeze itself through a hole the size of a quarter. Over at Carnegie Mellon, researchers are more impressed with the abilities of the snake. Their robotic serpent can adapt itself to any terrain as it searches for the survivors of disasters. Its modular design impresses Michio as he puts the finishing touches to his very own version of Optimus Prime.

25)  Cheat Sheet Mysteries of the Universe 
Ep. 25)Suppose you are out with a group of friends gazing at the night sky and someone says, did you know that they just found a black hole at the centre of our galaxy and someone else mentions dark matter or the whole universe was smaller then an atom the instant before the big bang. No your friends aren't Astor Physicists, they probable just have a good cheat sheet and now its your turn.

Screenshots
------------------------------ 
http://img269.imageshack.us/img269/7384/scifisciencescreen0.jpg 
http://img153.imageshack.us/img153/5010/scifisciencescreen1.jpg 
http://img15.imageshack.us/img15/4403/scifisciencescreen2.jpg 
http://img40.imageshack.us/img40/3969/scifisciencescreen3.jpg 
http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/4317/scifisciencescreen4.jpg 
http://img830.imageshack.us/img830/5641/scifisciencescreen5.jpg 
http://img38.imageshack.us/img38/7469/scifisciencescreen6.jpg 
http://img713.imageshack.us/img713/49/scifisciencescreen7.jpg 
http://img594.imageshack.us/img594/9922/scifisciencescreen8.jpg 

Technical Specs
------------------------------


 * Technical Specs
 * Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
 * Video Bitrate: 2135 kbps
 * Video Resolution: 720 x 400
 * Video Aspect Ratio: 1.800 (16:9)
 * Frames Per Second: 25
 * Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3)
 * Audio Bitrate: 128 kb/s AC3 48000 Hz
 * Audio Streams: 2
 * Audio Languages: English
 * RunTime Per Part: 22.Mins
 * Number Of Parts: 25
 * Part Size: 350 MB
 * Encoded by: Harry65
 * Source: DVD



Links
------------------------------

1)  Related Documentaries 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Parallel%20Universes 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=2057 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Visions%20of%20the%20Future 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Ten%20Ways%20the%20World%20Will%20End 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=The%20President%27s%20Guide%20to%20Science 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=The%20Zen%20Mind 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=The%20Elegant%20Universe 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Time%20%28BBC%29 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Physics%20of%20the%20Impossible 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Time%20Travel%3A%20The%20Truth

2)  ed2k Links 




Added by 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=User%3AHarry65

Source: 
http://docuwiki.net/index.php?title=Sci_Fi_Science
