
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/413NIgckA8L._SS500_.jpg


Title: Ginuwine... The Bachelor
Artist: Ginuwine
Audio CD (October 08, 1996)
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: R&B
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec

Includes Music Video: Ginuwine - Pony-DVDRip-XviD.avi



Track Listing:

01. Pony
02. Tell Me Do U Wanna
03. Holler
04. Hello
05. Lonely Daze
06. Ginuwine 4 Ur Mind
07. Only When Ur Lonely
08. I'll Do Anything/I'm Sorry
09. World Is So Cold
10. When Doves Cry
11. G Thang
12. 550 What?


Amazon Review:
Despite a name that suggests he's not in it for the long run, this 24-year-old Washington, DC native is attempting to set the standard for the premillenium loverman. He's got washboard abs to go with serious pecs, an earnest if not terribly flamboyant voice, and a sense of subtlety. His work is pleasantly free of the overwrought longing and distress that diminish most quiet storm efforts. Ginuwine's first CD is produced by Timbaland and features his trademark sparse soundscapes, which aim to support rather than overpower the frontman. In Maxwellian mode, Ginuwine has the sense to ask for, rather than declare, his carnal intentions, and he does so in songs that hold up to repeated listening. Ginuwine has -- well -- genuine musical merit.

Allmusic Review:
By the time Ginuwine...The Bachelor was released, Ginuwine was already well on his way to becoming R&B's next big thing -- thanks mainly to the ferocious word of mouth his lead single, a cover of Prince's "When Doves Cry," perpetuated. Make no mistake, this was the album that indeed started it all for the young R&B sensation, catapulting him from relative obscurity to the limelight in less time than most of his contemporaries. Led by the ferocious chart-topping opener "Pony," Ginuwine not only became a staple for commercial R&B radio, but he upped the sexual reference ante for many up-and-coming male singers such as Dru Hill, Blackstreet, and such established producers as R. Kelly. Combining the influences of funk, quiet storm, soul, and even a tad bit of electro, Ginuwine effortlessly displays not only a powerful voice, but sharp songwriting and production skills. Ginuwine...The Bachelor was a promising debut and only a slight notion of great things to come.