Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                     
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                     
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates



More Golden releases here:                                     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                     
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains two videos (split into several files each) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?oi99o2p82h7tldjxsazvw41lov7y 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?s35flco9dcgetm8drar10mxcmh1 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?hoz9q3nbeaksn6gldul44c5dy1q 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kiq16p0wsw867rxur30cg3xk79oj 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6p9p8zqcnz9fvfk27hvxk49175kc 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?d9vix4842ygpwp4q4or06m7qpeqv 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ja8wi2ef6li8jzwen5row1uh7k7

Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hi guys! After a 3 1/2 year hiatus, I am so excited to be back for FTV Girls!
Some serious and very personal stuff:
After a few bad experiences I left the adult industry for what I believed would be for good. In fall of 2007 I lost control of all my online accounts. I later learned someone (more than likely an ex boyfriend) unbenounced to me went on an antiporn campaign on my behalf! Some of it was factual, but the majority was a negative fabrication of events. I am attempting to remove untrue statements and posts from people using my name from online forums. The true story is, I wasn't fully ready for the industry before. I had quite a bit of growing up to do. I fell in love with someone had a little boy (who is the true love of my life!). I learned how to be a much stronger more responisble and independent person.I took my time away from the industry to allow myself to think and grow as a person and discover what I like and want out of life. After a few years of though i can say as it turns out, one of the things I do thoroughly enjoy is getting naked and getting off on camera for you ^.- That is why i contacted FTV girls for Round 2.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   Though Risi wrote some above, and on the next page -- our emails (read from bottom to top for proper chronology) going back and forth for two months gives things a clearer picture.  She ended up sending these pictures: #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7 #8 #9.  I didn't want to pressure her to come back, and wanted her to make her own decision on her return.  I am honored that she wanted to start her experience with FTV, like she did back in 2007.  All it takes is a few bad experiences in porn (all too common) for her to retire again.  I had my camera ready at the airport, and started recording her right away (clip6).  She's still the same girl, just as fit (maybe even more 'muscled') with the same funky personality.  Difference being that she got pregnant 3 years ago, and has a kid now.  Makes me think... damn... wouldn't it have been nice to have done a pregnant shoot back then!  Also her breasts had swollen to D cups at the time.  To start, we tried out the sporty theme, and this time I brought my main HD camera instead of the smaller hidden one.  It took a lot of risk not to be obvious walking around taping her with such a large machine, but we got away with it.  Then she masturbates with two toys, doing it her way, and comes to an orgasm (notice her toe curling which will be seen throughout her masturbation videos before she comes to orgasm).   Because she's had a kid, I thought it just might be possible to have her go extreme... So starting with the Big Pink, she takes it deep, then manages to fist herself.  And she's on the tail end of her lactating, making for an awesome lactation video.  According to her, she's stopped breastfeeding about 4 months before.



Model Comments: I am so happy to be back! Today, I started off at the gym doing a light workout and fooling around. Then when i got back to the house, I tried so many things for the first time! I met Big Pink today, and Wow! It lives up to it's name!!! Don't be fooled by it's pretty pink color, or innocent looking sparkles :P That Dildo was huge!!! (the size of my forearm!) I had never taken anything so big in my life! I have to admit I enjoyed it quite a bit! I played with my nipples for a bit, and discovered I can still lactate! Made a bit of a mess with that, but it was fun! I also successfully attempted my first fisting today! I had never had my hand so deep inside myself before (Goes to show you, one can do anything with a little bit of willpower, and a whole lot of lube! ^.^). It felt amazing and I discovered the depths of my pussy are actually quite tickelish!! (Odd but true!) I got to nerd out for a little bit and watch some Star Trek the Next Generation (my favorite star trek)! *nerd girl squeel!!!* Of course that led into some stretching and I couldn't help but finger myself. I love Star Trek that much :P I also played with some food for the first time. It felt interesting that's for sure! My favorite part of the day was being introduced to the Vibra-King!!! It was so intense I orgasmed faster and harder than I ever have before! (I am asking Santa for one of those for Christmas next year!!! I hear they are hard to find though!) I had so much fun today! And I think I orgasmed more and harder today than ever in my life! I must say I was a little nervous at first to try so many "extreme" new things, but i really enjoyed pleasing myself today! I hope I get to again soon, maybe next time I can invite a girlfriend to share in the fun ^.-

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   We start with a cute and personable interview at lunch, and getting away with spreads, flashing, and panty play.   Panty stuffing on location at an office area under construction, then moving over to a resort for some classy/dressy shooting.  She looks good in the black outfit, giving her a more mature look.  Overall I wanted more colors in her clothing, but she has a thing for black clothes.  I even loaned her the pink sweater for the 'nerdy' shoot.  She's got really cute size 6 feet, and so the dressy shoot turns into a comprehensive foot fetish scene.  The long sexy heels then make it a shoe heel fetish scene, as she has sex with the heel itself.  She's willing to try all kinds of FTV style fetishes...  She does wear glasses in personal life, so I wanted to do a shoot with them on.  Her love of Star Trek Next Generation lead to the TV watching scene.  Warming up with her unique way of stretching, lactating, then fingering, ending with the use of the Vibraqueen toy.  The way she squirms around, her 'orgasmic contractions' aren't visible (at least not to me) but she has those hard toe curling orgasms with it.  A fetish finale with two summer squashes, managing to get them to 'double penetrate' at one point.  The Vibraking produces similar results as the Vibraqueen.  After I finished this shoot with her, I referred her to a more model-friendly adult talent agency (because she wanted more work) and I hope she will have better experiences this time on her return.