Wallace and Gromit\'s Cracking Contraptions
 
http://uptiki.com/images/sfomhefwrmv0zd8v97d.jpeg

Wallace and Gromit\'s Cracking Contraptions are a series of ten Wallace and Gromit stop motion animations varying in length from 1 to 3 minutes. Each episode features one of Wallace\'s new inventions and Gromit\'s skeptical reaction to it. The series was produced and released in 2002 by Aardman Animations.

Episode descriptions

Shopper 13
To speed up the task of bringing cheese home from the shop, Wallace deploys Shopper 13, a remote-controlled cart equipped with a camera and accessories to retrieve/carry items. Though it successfully picks up the largest wheel of Edam in the shop, the weight causes one wheel to fall off. Wallace guides it to grab a loaf of French bread, which it uses as a cane to limp home. The other wheel comes off at the front walk, dumping the Edam in the garden; Wallace sends out Shaun the Sheep to bring it in, but Shaun begins eating the cheese instead.

The Autochef
To speed up his cooking, Wallace activates the Auto Chef, a robot chef with a tea nozzle, a frying pan and a temperature gauge. Wallace tries serving scrambled eggs, but they end up landing on Gromit\'s head. Wallace tries serving fried eggs, but the eggs are shot at Wallace\'s face blinding him. The Auto Chef starts going out of control so Gromit blocks the tea nozzle tea is squirting from with his banana. The Auto Chef\'s head explodes off its body (after it comically says the word \"knickers\").

A Christmas Cardomatic
It is almost Christmas and Wallace tries working on his Christmas Cardomatic by taking pictures of Gromit in a giant robin costume. His machine works but the fake scene painted on the curtains does not match as well to the real scene outside.

The Tellyscope
To try activating his TV automatically without getting up, Wallace activates his Tellyscope which shoots a tennis ball into the wall turning gears and cogs activating the TV. Wallace selects a channel and expects the channel on cheese (\"The Cheese Files\") to come on. Instead a different channel comes on relating to the penguin criminals (\"When Penguins Turn\"). Having run out of the tennis balls he tries using the TV remote, but its size and shape destroys the system sending the TV to shoot across the room into Wallace pinning him to the wall.

The Snowmanotron
To try and win the annual \"Snowman Competition\" Gromit builds a snow sculpture on \"The Thinker\". Wallace then pulls up in the Snowmanotron a snowplow-like machine. The machine creates a snowman, but when the door of it opens it flattens Gromit\'s more artistic sculpture. Wallace\'s entry turns out rather crude and Gromit feeling flat heads back in. The door slam shakes some snow off the roof that lands on Wallace. Having heard the noise, Gromit emerges from the house again. Discovering what he thinks is a better snowman, he adds the eyes and nose. Gromit wins the competition while Wallace slowly defrosts from his frozen state.

The Bully Proof Vest
It is a dark and stormy night, so Wallace is nervous about the sounds outside. While bringing out his tea, he does not notice the strange figure lurking in the shadows. When a cracker is taken from his hand, he discovers it in a dark corner and then discovers Gromit making ninja moves with a rolling pin. He then activates his Bully Proof Vest, a box on his chest with a glove on a spring that shoots Gromit across the room and through a door. After seeing his invention worked he starts to leave but trips on the rolling pin and falls. The button for the invention hits the floor activating again and shooting Wallace vertically into the ceiling.

525 Crackervac
To speed up Gromit\'s chores of sweeping up, Wallace activates the 525 Crackervac, a vacuum cleaner with sharp metal teeth and it sucks up things really fast. However it goes after his crackers, but Wallace pulls the box of it out of its mouth breaking it in two. Wallace tries to stop the 525 Crackervac from getting at another cracker. But Gromit lassos the machine sending it out of control. He crushes it on the floor and then its bag bursts causing Wallace to get covered with dust.

The Turbo Diner
While trying to repair the Auto Chef, Wallace tries a new replacement. To help speed up Gromit\'s chores of preparing the table, Wallace activates the Turbo Diner a machine that operates with coin usage. Various parts clean the table, clamp Wallace and Gromit\'s hands on the chair arms and light the candles. But then the meter runs out. The table and meter are too far away for Wallace or Gromit to reach because of the hand wrist clamps. Eventually the candles go out leaving them in darkness. Then Wallace says he has a great idea.

The Snoozatron
Wallace is unable to sleep because of having eaten too much cheese, so he activates his Snoozatron to remedy the problem. Gromit puts on a sheep costume and heads downstairs as grabber arms place a teddy bear and water bottle on Wallace\'s bed. After Gromit reaches the dining room, a huge spring built into the floor repeatedly bounces him upward, through a trap door in the ceiling, and into Wallace\'s bedroom. Wallace literally counts sheep and soon falls asleep, but the mechanism continues to bounce Gromit up and down.

The Soccamatic
Wallace and Gromit head to the local football field for a bit of practice, with Wallace kicking and Gromit playing goalie. Realizing how skillful Gromit is at blocking shots, Wallace activates his Soccamatic - a machine that repeatedly launches balls toward the goal. Gromit ducks as the balls fly past. The machine runs out of balls, but Wallace re-loads via an overhead mechanism that dumps the balls in. Meanwhile Gromit has pulled on gloves and pilot gear. Pulling a cord, he inflates his goalkeeper vest and gloves. This completely blocks the goal, enabling the balls to bounce off and prompting Wallace to suggest that they play tennis instead.

Screenshots
 
http://uptiki.com/images/gbglevw7fv3lril4jb5a.png 
http://uptiki.com/images/agiytpju0lj30fc3w5y.png 
http://uptiki.com/images/o8wowwwlz520cfminwkx.png 
http://uptiki.com/images/t6pah8tdyixpfljjklpu.png