OLD TIME RADIO:  52 EPISODES


BOX 13



“Adventure wanted -- will go anywhere, do anything -- Box 13.”

The premise of the program was that Dan Holiday was an author who wrote mystery novels. To get ideas for his novels he placed an advertisement in a newspaper saying "Adventure wanted, will go anywhere, do anything, Box 13." The ads always brought fun adventures of all kinds: from racketeer's victim to psychotic killer looking for fun. Most of the episodes were based on Dan Holiday replying to a letter he received at Box 13.

He would generally solve a mystery in the process, and return to his office in time to enjoy a hearty laugh at the expense of Suzy, his amusingly stupid secretary. He would certainly not meet the strictest requirements for private eyes (not licensed, collected no fees from clients), but the definition should stretch to sneak him in under the rope.

In total there were 52 episodes of this radio program created. It was heard over the Mutual Broadcasting System as well as being syndicated. The series was produced by Mayfair Productions.

Box 13, starring Alan Ladd as Dan Holiday. Sylvia Picker played Suzy, Dan Holiday's secretary and Edmond MacDonald as Lt. Kling. Other stars in the series were Betty Lou Gerson, Lurene Tuttle, Alan Reed, Luis Van Rooten, John Beal and Frank Lovejoy. Music was by Rudy Schrager and the writer was Russell Hughes. Announcer/Director was Vern Carstensen. The series was produced by Richard Sanville with Alan Ladd as co-producer.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: Box 13
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Complete
Certification Date: February 7, 2005
Certification Version: Version 1
Number of CDs: 1

From the Old Time Radio Researcher's Group. See "Note" Section below for more information on the OTRR.




This audio is part of the collection: Old Time Radio
It also belongs to collection: Radio Programs

Artist/Composer: Old Time Radio Researchers Group
Keywords: OTRR; Old Time Radio Researchers Group; Old Time Radio; OTRR Set; Box 13; Box Thirteen; OTRR - 2006-08


Creative Commons license: Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs




Notes



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHER'S GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Box_13_Ver1_CD_1of1.zip  ZIP  642.1 MB  
Image Files JPEG JPEG Thumb 
Box 13  89.9 KB 
  
OTRR_Box_13_Singles_thumb.jpg   8.9 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Box_13_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Box_13_meta.xml  Metadata  4.8 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Box_13_reviews.xml  Metadata  1.1 KB 
