 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41L18XIIfCL._SS500_.jpg


Sex: The World's Favorite Pastime Fully Revealed


Publisher: Rough Guides
James McConnachie
2010 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1848365640 
408 Pages
PDF 
34.6 MB

Sex: The World's Favorite Pastime Fully Revealed discusses in lively narrative the history and psychology of sex, telling its story throughout the millennia. Scientific information on the laws of attraction and how hormones, pheromones, and evolution have influenced human sexuality is complemented by practical information on contraception, health, and extensive hands-on how-to advice. The book takes an international view, exploring sex rights around the world, the sex business, and religion. Illustrated throughout in two colors, this title is peppered with sidebars about fantasy, beer goggle sex, transvestism, St. Teresa of Avila, faking it , Kosher sex, Viagra, and much more.

Complete with illustrations, diagrams, graphic novel-style cartoons and quotes. Sex offers real knowledge and understanding of the subject, and is not limited to the anatomy lessons of health class or naughty sex tips purveyed by the sexperts. With the hope that sex will be seen as an integral part of every well-rounded individual s life, the book shows that being skilled at sex is crucial to being a whole person and that we must be educated about sex like we are about everything else that s important and wonderful about life. 

Table of Contents:

1. Laws of attraction (love and desire; attraction; sexuality)
2. Bodies (his; hers; adornment and modification; sex and gender)
3. How to do it (touching and kissing; masturbation; oral sex; intercourse; anal sex; toys)
4. Orgasm (what, where, how and why; orgasm described; clitoris versus vagina; improving orgasm; orgasm and health)
5. Sex/Life (infancy; puberty; menstruation; virginity; coming out; procreation; parenthood; sex and ageing)
6. Contraception (condoms; from the Pill to the Patch; diaphragms etc.; IUDs; sterilization; abortion)
7. Sexual health (infections and parasites; HIV and AIDS; dysfunctions and disorders)
8. Sex and religion (holy sex; sex cults; sex gods and goddesses; regulating desire)
9. Sex and society (rights and repression; sexual violence; taboos and fetishes; sex as work; erotica and porn; guides and gurus)
10. Resources (further reading and websites)
 
http://www.amazon.com/Sex-Worlds-Favorite-Pastime-Revealed/dp/1848365640

[