Official Web Site:  http://bitpersecond.com/bps/sarchiver.html

Complete RAR support

The RAR compression format is one of the best compression formats in the world.
Many archivers compress in numberless formats but non of them can handle the RAR completely.
sArchiver supports RAR compression and decompression, splitting and testing completely.

Archive converter

Ever wanted to convert your archvies from one type to another?
sArchiver convert archives with just one click.
You can easily convert Rar, Zip, 7z, LHA, Arj archives to Rar, 7z, Zip.

SFX archives

Wouldn't it be great if you can archive your valuable data and transfer it anywhere, without worrying about unarchivers?
sArchiver's SFX archive extracts itself without need of any 3th party applications or utilities.
You can also leave notes inside the archive for yourself or other person. It's useful if you want to leave a message or password hint for someone.
The SFX archives are completely independent. You don't need sArchiver to extract them.

Splitting archives

sArchiver is able to split archives to volumes with size by your choice.
Supported size formats are in Kilobytes, Megabytes and even Gigabytes.

sArchiver's backups are totally independent. You don't need sArchiver to restore your information.

File preview

sArchiver is able to preview images and other kind of files on the fly without extracting the whole archive.

Compress & Upload to FTP with ease

Compress your archive and automatically upload it to your predefined FTP with ease.

Email notification

Receive (or send to friend/colleague) an email notification when archive upload is completed including archive link and date and time uploaded.

Integrated DMG image creation utility

sArchiver has integrated DMG image creation utility. It supports image sizing and password encryption. It can encrypt your image with AES 128 or 256 bit algorithm using password.

You can create an archive and leave sArchiver to compress it in background while you open another archive and work with it (add, remove, preview, extract, test it, etc.).

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.5 and above

--- PLEASE SEED ---
