Once in a while, you come across a game that has this feeling all over it from a summer sunday afternoon, when you're eight years old, just watched some cartoons on tv, then go and play a game without anything to worry 'bout in the world. Today is your lucky day, because Pandemonium is one of those games.

Pandemonium is a semi 3D platformer. The bright colors and awesome backgrounds make sure that the game is pure eyecandy. Although the characters look squary, they're well-done for their time. As you follow the path you have to take, the whole scenery turns along, background included. You'll see things to come in the far distance from some camera angles because of this, and you can see parts you'll visit in the future in that level in the background now and then. If the visual aspect of this game is a let-down, it's because you only like text adventures. Otherwise, you're bount to love the way this game looks.

The gameplay itself is easy enough. First you choose wether you play with a jester or a girl, then you run around stomping on enemies and collect coins. Get hundred coins and you gain a life. Next time, you'll have to collect a hundred more, so you'll need two hundred coins. Luckily, there're powerups that temporarily multiply the amount of coins you get by two, so it'll speed it up. Besides that as a powerup, you can also grab an orb that'll give you an aura of light. It enables you to shoot at your enemies, or just shoot, if there are no enemies around. Get hurt and you'll lose it though. A few minor points are the amount of powers. Two powers is just not enough from time to time. Also, but this is rare, the camera gets into such an angle that you can't see what's ahead of you or it gets so dark you don't see wether you're about to walk into a pit or onto some floor.

All levels of this game are nice and long. There's an average of three parts in it. When you die, you will return to the beginning of the part you're in. If it's game over, you can still use the password it gave you to return to the beginning of the level. Sadly enough, there's no way to restart from the beginning of a part of a level, so you will have to go through it again. Not that it's such a drag, as it's still fun to play, but it might get a bit on your nerves if there's a particulary tricky part, or, like in my case, your cursor gets stuck and you automatically kill yourself, no matter what you try. Those cases are unlikely to happen though, and besides, the game gives enough variety to keep enjoying it, no matter if you get stuck or not.

Pandemonium is a bad game. It's terrible. If you don't have any taste whatsoever and think vinegar is good soup. All the others will surely love this one, as the game deserves.
------------------------
From: 