Smuggle Truck (c) Owlchemy Labs

.)      .' .-'''-..'
-...-'      "----- -
i
..'/ //
/
. /
.                                                                /  7
-      Game Type...: Drive            # of Disks.: 4  4.77MB    /  /
"      Released....: June 5th, 2011    Protection.: Money        /  /  7
..' .' .'

.----------------------------- r e l e a s e info

-  Smuggle Truck is an over-the-top physics-based driving game  where  you
'  must save your passengers by smuggling them  across  the border in  the
least amount of time. Tilt your truck, catch newborn babies, drive over
.  armadillos,  and  rocket your  way through hills, caverns, deserts, and
forests to save the people

The Story

Smuggle Truck  was  inspired  by  the  frustration  our  friends  have
experienced  in trying to immigrate to the United States. With  such  a
troublesome  issue  being largely avoided in popular media,  especially
video games,  we  felt  the  best  way  to  criticize  it  was  with an
interactive satire

In Smuggle Truck, players  are  driving  a truck with passengers in the
back, bringing them  over a fictional border. This idea originated as a
result of learning that the process of legal  immigration  was  not  as
straightforward as  we  had  assumed. As we  lived through a painful 12
months of our friend struggling through the absurd legal minefield that
surrounds U.S. immigration, we felt that we should create a  game  that
touches on the issue. The comment was thrown around that "it's so tough
to  legally  immigrate  to  the U.S., it's  almost  easier  to  smuggle
yourself over the border", and thus  Smuggle Truck was born. A  two-day
prototype eventually turned into an iPhone game, with the plan to reach
as many players as possible

Throughout  the creation of the game, we maintained a meticulous eye to
avoid depicting a specific stereotype  or location, instead  opting  to
generalize smuggling  to its  most basic  abstract  form. Through  user
testing and feedback from  fellow developers and even random strangers,
we worked to maintain a light and  humorous representation of a subject
that is normally avoided

With a satirical  angle on a real issue, we want to create a game  that
is  fun  to play but also stirs up discussion  on  ways to  improve the
problematic immigration system in the United States.

..--''""      .
.-----------------'------ r e l e a s e notes
i  i
1# Unzip, Unrar manually.
2# Run setup.bat, after thats done hit Smuggle Truck.exe to play
3# Have phun

Ripped: Nothing

REMEMBER :
If you like this game, buy it. Developers deserve your support