
NOTE: I've been asked if I could upload Yakuza 3, so here it is. This is the PAL version unlike my Yakuza 4 upload (which is JPN), so it is technically in English. What I mean by this is that the text such as menu's, subtitles, game options, etc. are in English, but the voice-overs are in Japanese. I personally think this is the best and most authentic it can get without it actually being in Japanese, but it's just my opinion. This game is very playable for people that don't know Japanese, and of course for the people that do. It's a very fun game that you won't regret playing, so try it out. I downloaded this game off a torrent site quite a while back, but I can't find it, so I'm not trying to take any credit for having actually ripped the game. I just want to make it available to those that have trouble finding these types of torrents to sort of give back to the community in my own way. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. I've tested this on internal AND external HDD in with many different managers, firmwares, and settings, so it should work for everyone. I've also uploaded this on demonoid.



Language: English text Japanese audio
Size: 19.9 GB
BLES00834



Tested AND confirmed to work on: 3.41 JB, CFW 3.55 kmeaw, Gaia v1.04, Gaia v2.01, Gaia v2.07, MultiMAN v1.16.01 (with LV2 patcher). Works on both internal AND external HDD.



If you're looking for Yakuza 4 (Ryu Ga Gotoku), then just follow my link to my other uploaded piratebay torrent here: http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6187588/Yakuza_4_%28Ryu_Ga_Gotoku_4%29_JPN_PS3 Keep in mind that my Yakuza 4 upload is in full Japanese, as it's not out in English for another few weeks.



Unlike Ryū ga Gotoku Kenzan! (often confused with Yakuza 3), which was a Miyamoto Musashi-based spinoff set in Edo period Kyoto, this latest installment continues the adventures of Kazuma Kiryu from Yakuza and Yakuza 2. The game takes place both in Kamurocho, a fictional version of Tokyo's red-light district Kabukicho, from the first two games and in a brand new location called Ryukyu.

The area of Okinawa where the story takes place is a fictional area, based upon Naha's Makishi. It includes real life landmarks such as the Ichiba Hondori (linked to Mutsumibashi Dori and Heiwa Dori) covered shopping arcade renamed "Karyushi Arcade" (かりゆしアーケード, karyushi ākēdo?) in the game as well as the popular Makishi Public Market shortened "Public Market" (公設市場, Kōsetsu Ichiba?) the famous entertainment strip Kokusai Street called "Ryukyu Street" (琉球通り, Ryūkyū Doori?) the Okinawa Monorail Kencho-mae Station as Template:"Ryukyugai-mae Station" or the Mitsukoshi department store (Okinawa Mitsukoshi) which kept its actual name as part of the game's tie-in policy.

Compared with the earlier episodes, the Kamurocho area has some minor changes with additional backstreets and landmarks. Hence South-East Kabukicho's European medieval castle-shaped karaoke box Royal Castle Bldg. (王城ビル?) has been modeled and renamed "Kamuro Castle", and north-west Kamurocho love hotel Hotel Aland has been recreated in Kamurocho hotels quarter as the Hotel Tea Clipper.
