Archer ---Season 1 & 2 

----Complete & Correctly taggged---

     (my new sig is going 2 b kumkrctrdnt. long but nec)

----Episode List 

Training Day
Series Premiere | Episode 1

Lana's residual lust for Archer prompts Malory to promote Cyril to field agent. Archer then trains his new competition as only he can, whilst Malory frets over her own past and her son's future. 

Mole Hunt
Season 1 | Episode 2

Archer goes to great lengths to cover up discrepancies in his ISIS expense account as he attempts to access the agency's mainframe computer. Cyril and Lana's Friday night dinner date is interrupted by work. 

Diversity Hire
Season 1 | Episode 3 

A new field agent makes a splash at ISIS, but Archer and Lana suspect there may be something all too perfect about their new diversity hire. 

Killing Utne
Season 1 | Episode 4

Malory hosts a dinner party for the UN intelligence chairman, Torvald Utne, in an effort to get a new weapons contract for ISIS. Unfortunately, a group of rival assassins have targeted Mr. Utne for elimination. 

Honeypot
Season 1 | Episode 5 

Malory's career is threatened when a sensitive videotape falls into the hands of a rogue (and roguish) Cuban agent, so she calls on Archer’s expertise in seduction to turn the tables on her blackmailer. 

Skorpio
Season 1 | Episode 6 

Archer must rescue Lana from the clutches of Skorpio, the infamous arms dealer. Meanwhile, Cyril fears not only for his girlfriend's life, but her succumbing to the seductive nature of Archer's heroics. 

Skytitanic
Season 1 | Episode 7 

When a bomb threat jeopardizes the maiden voyage of the luxury airship Excelsior, Archer and the ISIS crew must battle the clock (and each other) to avert disaster. 

The Rock 
Season 1 | Episode 8 

After ISIS loses yet another lucrative contract to rival agency ODIN, Malory assigns Archer and Lana to embarrass ODIN by stealing a priceless diamond from their biggest client. 

Job Offer
Season 1 | Episode 9

When Archer takes a higher-paying job at rival agency ODIN, Malory will stop at nothing to get him back. 

Dial M for Mother
Season 1 | Season Finale 

Questions about the identity of Archer's real father lead him into a perilous trap... and an explosive confrontation with Malory. 

---Season 2

Swiss Miss
season 2 | Season Premiere

In yet another attempt to secure funding for ISIS, Malory drags her agents to the luxury winter resort town of Gstaad to protect a Swiss billionaire's daughter from a kidnapping threat. But Archer soon finds out the real threat is his protectee: an underage nymphomaniac who will stop at nothing to bed the world's greatest spy.

A Going Concern
Season 2 | Episode 2

After Malory is wiped out in a Ponzi scheme, she hatches a scheme of her own: selling ISIS - lock, stock and snack machines - to archrival spy agency ODIN. Archer and the rest of the ISIS employees, rightfully fearing for their jobs, must use every trick in the book (ISIS Field Manual, 3rd Edition) to try to stop the sale.

Blood Test
Season 2 | Episode 3 

Archer is in for a huge (well, about ten pounds) surprise when his favorite call girl, Trinette, shows up at ISIS with a bouncing baby boy on her hip. And a subpoena for a paternity test in her purse. Is Archer the father of the wee baby Seamus? Well, that's what the paternity test is for. That's why they have those. 

Pipeline Fever 
Season 2 | Episode 4 

While Malory tries to make ISIS a green workplace, Archer and Lana head to the Louisiana bayous to prevent a dangerous eco-terrorist from bombing America's largest natural gas pipeline. Archer's equipment checklist for the mission will include an airboat, a sawn-off shotgun, a compound bow, and nine cases of beer. 

The Double Deuce 
season 2 | Episode 5 

When members of Woodhouse's famed WWI Royal Flying Corps squadron (the old "Double Deuce") start dying mysteriously, he naturally suspects foul play. As does Archer, who tries to help his loyal manservant track down the killer. While also babysitting the wee baby Seamus. So it should be a fairly busy weekend.

Tragical History 
Season 2 | Episode 6 

Tired of his colleagues constantly calling him a failure, Cyril agrees to help George Spelvin, a mysterious computer security expert, inject a virus into the ISIS mainframe so Cyril can defeat the virus and be seen as a hero. Not surprisingly, the plan goes awry: Cyril didn't count on sexy, bikini-clad ninjas.

Movie Star 
Season 2 | Episode 7

The normal childish squabbles, sneaky backbiting, and petty jealousies at ISIS are multiplied exponentially when a famous Hollywood actress, Rona Thorne, spends a week shadowing the agents as research for an upcoming role in a spy movie. A movie in which Malory would - and may - literally kill to land a part.

Stage Two
Season 2 | Episode 8

After Malory's brief scare with breast cancer, another ISIS agent decides to be tested for the disease, with a tragic result. The other agent is Archer, and the tragic result is that yes, he has breast cancer. Because a career spent disarming nuclear warheads and having sex in x-ray machines will tend to do that.

Placebo Effect
season 2 | Episode 9

When Archer discovers the chemotherapy drugs he's been taking for his breast cancer are counterfeit - consisting mainly of sucrose and Zima - he sets out to destroy the criminals behind the scheme. Only this time, it's personal. And also this time, Archer's wearing a colorful headscarf and dragging around an IV stand.

El Secuestro
Season 2 | Episode 10

ISIS goes into full lockdown after Pam is abducted by kidnappers. Wait, Pam? Yes, but the kidnappers were really after Cheryl/Carol. Wait, Cheryl/Carol? Yes, because Cheryl/Carol isn't quite who she appears to be. Or is it whom? We'll find the answers to these questions - and two more - on this episode of Archer.

Jeu Monegasque
Season 2 | Episode 11

When a mysterious stranger summons Malory and her intrepid ISIS agents to Monaco, all bets are off! Well, actually all bets are on. Because Monaco is basically one giant casino, and Archer has $4 million in untraceable bearer bonds. Also, it's Gran Prix week, so you can just forget getting a hotel room.'

White Nights
Season 2 | Episode 12

Archer's search for his father's identity leads him behind the Iron Curtain...and into hot water! Old wounds are reopened when ODIN agent Barry Dylan is sent to rescue Archer, who falls in love with a beautiful - and mysterious - woman.

Double Trouble 
Season 2 | Season Finale

Suspicion and jealousy are rife at ISIS as Krieger nears completion of a top-secret project, and Archer brings beautiful - and mysterious - former KGB agent Katya Kazanova home to meet Malory. Who reacts about like one would expect.

-----directly copied from FX website. uuuuummmm increasing popularity is good regardless so dont hate -----
---look for 'gods of the arena season 1 & 2'  --- cheers
----Ohh yea one mer ting i culd care less fer rules ...u shuldnt either. ----


no words no more 