U2 - Zoo TV: Live from Sydney (1993)  m4v/mp4 (simply change the suffix for mp4)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
I apologize for the sound quality of the previous version.  It lacked a 5.1 track and the audio lacked bass and was very shrill.

This rip comes directly from the original DVD using Handbrake with an Apple TV preset that allowed the 5.1 sound track to be enabled.  The stereo audio is better with more bass.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
With the 20th anniversary of "Achtung Baby" and the release of the Achtung Baby special edition it's time to revisit the concerts that followed.  When I saw U2's Zoo TV Tour in 1992 I had recently quit the rock radio business where I had already seen 5 U2 concerts between 1981 and 1988.  When the Zoo TV concert started I thought "What the fuck?? !! ??  They've lost it.  This is NOT the U2 I've loved for the last 10 years"

It took me only 6 minutes to  love the new U2.  This concert blew out and surpassed all my previous 300+ rock concert experiences.

If you haven't seen this, watch it!  If you have, enjoy it again!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Zoo TV: Live from Sydney is a concert video release by rock band U2 from the "Zoomerang" leg of their Zoo TV Tour. Recorded on Saturday, November 27, 1993 at Sydney Football Stadium on the band's featured stop in Sydney, Australia, it was released in May 1994 on VHS and Laserdisc, and re-released in September 2006 on DVD. It won the Grammy Award for Best Long Form Music Video in 1994. The show was also broadcast around the world live on pay-per-view.

This was the second of two consecutive concerts in Sydney. The previous night was used as a rehearsal for the video shoot; however, it is now infamous as the only U2 concert ever played without all four band members present. Adam Clayton was bed-ridden and unable to play, and was replaced by bass technician Stuart Morgan. Although on stage Bono cited a virus as the reason for Clayton's not appearing that night, it has since been revealed that Clayton was too hungover to play, as confirmed by Bono during an interview many years later. Clayton was back on stage the following night and appears in the video. Clayton no longer drinks and has cited the devastation he felt at missing the Friday concert in Sydney as his motivation for staying sober since.

Years later in a Rolling Stone interview, Bono discussed this performance and its significance to the band. Clayton’s absence the previous night had caused a real situation amongst the band members and they were all wondering what long term impact the event would have. Bono said he wasn’t sure that they would ever play live again – he realized during the show that it could be the band's last live performance. As a result, the band's performance that night is particularly emotional, especially during "With or Without You", "Love Is Blindness", "Running to Stand Still" and "Can't Help Falling in Love".


Track listing

Show Opening
"Zoo Station"
"The Fly"
"Even Better Than the Real Thing"
"Mysterious Ways"
"One"
"Unchained Melody"
"Until the End of the World"
"New Year's Day"
"Numb"
"Angel of Harlem"
"Stay (Faraway, So Close!)"
"Satellite of Love"
"Dirty Day"
"Bullet the Blue Sky"
"Running to Stand Still"
"Where the Streets Have No Name"
"Pride (In the Name of Love)"
"Daddy's Gonna Pay for Your Crashed Car"
"Lemon"
"With or Without You"
"Love Is Blindness"
"Can't Help Falling in Love"