Ashampoo Photo Optimizer v4.0.1 Rev.1 Multilanguage Portable

All the photo editing you really need. Instantly. Many people buy big expensive camcorders but still shoot all their videos with their phone or point-and-shoot camera. Photo editing software is similar – you may have a powerful graphics editor but most of the time you'll find yourself using just a couple of functions. Ashampoo Photo Optimizer enables you to touch up your digital photos fast. Everything is so simple you never need to read a manual – after you point and shoot just click and go. Ashampoo Photo Optimizer doesn't try to replace major graphics programs. It just gives you everything you need when you want results fast.

Instant Optimize function
You'll love this if you've ever struggled with all the complicated settings in a graphics editor. Just select a photo and click Optimize. Suddenly a dull photo starts to shine. There's nothing to configure, you really just select and click. The results look attractive and natural, not artificially boosted. You can also optimize all your photos with a single click, it's just as easy as a single photo.

Red eye correction
Correcting the dreaded red eye effect in flash photos is just as easy: Just roughly select the part of the photo containing the red eyes and click, Photo Optimizer does all the rest. You don’t have to make a precise selection, the red area is found and corrected automatically. Here too, the result looks attractively natural and you get it instantly, without having to spend hours studying a manual.

Rotate, brightness, contrast and effects
Click once to rotate photos that are on their sides. Adjust brightness and contrast with simple sliders. Convert your photos to graphic black-and-white or sepia or invert the colors, all with a single click. Instant preview, instant results - and just click on Undo if you change your mind.

Automatic backup – undo your changes at any time
You never need to worry about “damaging” your photos by editing them because you can always return to the original version. Ashampoo Photo Optimizer automatically makes backups of the original versions of your photos in a database. To restore the original just select the photo and click on Undo – even days or weeks later. In the new version you can also choose where you want to store the undo database.

Image viewer, Windows Explorer integration
Ashampoo Photo Optimizer also doubles as a fast image viewer with a full Explorer-style directory view showing all the drives and folders on your computer for quick access. This works for digital cameras too, allowing you to view the images in your camera when it’s connected to your computer. In Windows Explorer you can right-click on any photo file to load it into Photo Optimizer for instant editing.

Features at a glance
• Instant Optimize function makes dull photos shine
• Optimize all your photos with a single click
• Select and click red eye removal
• One-click image rotation
• Convert to black-and-white, sepia and inverted
• Easy brightness and contrast sliders
• Automatic backup: all edits reversible at any time
• Explorer view doubles as a quick image viewer
• Start with right-click from Windows Explorer

Changelogs:

- improved Facebook-Upload

Home Page - http://www.ashampoo.com/en/usd




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                         
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                        
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                         
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
		