
Your PC in top shape:
with TuneUp Utilities™ 2011

* Takes care of complete maintenance of your PC
* Provides peak performance for Windows®, programs, and games
* Includes more than 30 very clever tools

Status & recommendations

With the fresh, new TuneUp Utilities™ Start Center, users can see right away if optimization processes are ready to go and if there are problems with the PC. The "Increase performance" and "Fix problems" modules show if there are any incorrect settings or if any "brakes" exist that slow down computer performance. The main attraction: One click brings you right to the solution!
On top of that, you can fire up Turbo Mode, now more powerful than ever, directly from the Start Center and always keep an eye on the current Tuning status.

There’s also a special Gadget for Windows® Vista and Windows® 7 that shows you the state of your computer, right on your desktop.


Maintain system :

1-Click Maintenance & Automatic Maintenance

    Increases PC performance and stability
    Saves time and is easy to use
    Runs as 1-Click Maintenance by pressing a button
    or as Automatic Maintenance in the background


TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 maintenance functions fix problems in the registry, delete orphaned shortcuts, remove unnecessary files, and ensure a perfectly defragmented hard disk. At the same time, it optimizes computer system startup and shutdown.

You have two options for doing this: manual 1-Click Maintenance or Automatic Maintenance. The latter runs regularly at a specified time, and only when you’re not actively working at your PC. And of course you can configure the settings for Automatic Maintenance and 1-Click Maintenance separately.


Increase performance :

"Increase performance" – recommendations

    Immediately shows how many tuning recommendations are still waiting to be run
    With the click of a button, you get all details on a specific optimization
    Based on a personally created usage profile


Take a look at the TuneUp Utilities™ Start Center to see if your computer’s performance is optimized to capacity. If not, a message will appear. Then a click of a mouse will get you to a window listing the tuning recommendations you can use to speed up system performance. These include unused programs, resource-intensive Windows® functions that load down your computer, and even incorrect settings that could lead to a slower Internet connection.

No two users are the same: That’s why a personal profile is created when the function is first run. A few specifics about how you use your PC and what kind of Internet connection you have will help TuneUp Utilities™ give you customized recommendations.


Fix problems :

"Fix problems" – recommendations

    Points directly to errors
    Solves all problems: most with a click of the mouse
    Provides a secure system



TuneUp Utilities™ shows you, right on the Start Center, whether problems or incorrect settings critical to security exist on your PC. A simple mouse click gets you to the "Fix problems" window and gives you the details you need to remedy the situation. Use it to find a step-by-step solution to any defects you’ve uncovered, for a system that’s secure and free of errors!


Configure Live Optimization :

    Distributes resources efficiently
    Increases the reaction speed of active programs
    Speeds up startup for all programs


Live Optimization automatically prevents background programs from reserving too much PC power for themselves. Active programs get the highest priority, whereas background programs are downgraded. This is done by cleverly prioritizing running programs: If your PC is at full capacity when you start a program, it gets a higher priority right on the spot. And background programs that have unusually high power demands are prioritized lower. This makes for a visibly faster program start, higher speed and increased computer stability. Programs work faster and games run with more images per second.


TuneUp Turbo Mode :

    Generates maximum performance for Windows®, programs, and games
    Shuts down over 70 PC "brakes" that run in the background
    Allows for visibly smoother working, gaming, and surfing

Turbo Mode, more powerful than ever, now turns off over 70 functions in Windows® 7, Windows® Vista, Windows® XP and third-party vendor programs that are not used regularly on a daily basis. These include background programs, services and scheduled maintenance operations. By pressing a button, you get more power when working at your PC, games that flow more smoothly and complete control over background activities that slow down your computer.

And of course you can even configure Turbo Mode according to your personal needs: A practical assistant helps you decide which functions should be turned off and which should be left on.


Tuning status :

    It's a useful optimization checklist
    Depicts tuning actions that were already carried out
    Identifies unused tuning potential

Tuning status shows at a glance how well the PC was already optimized with TuneUp Utilities™ and what potential still exists for tuning up programs and Windows®. At the same time you see how much power potential is currently being thrown away by your PC, like when unnecessary startup entries are tying down the computer. A tuning bar that is constantly visible displays optimization progress and fills up as you perform each optimization operation.




