Les Culottes de Charlotte (1982) [DvdRip].avi

Cast:
Cathy Menard, Dominique Saint Claire, Claire Lenoir, Laura Claire, Patricia Violet (as Marianne Aubert), Jean-Pierre Armand, Ghislain Garet, Jean Laroche, Tom Chaney

Description:
President Emile Dussac (John Laroche) lives retired from politics in his opulent provincial palace with his daughter Charlotte (Claire Lenoir), but is over-protective and keeps her away from men. A caring father, President Dussac is also an old pervert, a lover of beautiful women and their panties. Specifically, the president covets Isabelle (Cathy Menard), the wife of Arnaud St Preux (Ghislain Garet), a young ambitious man seeking his support to enter politics. Making use of a stratagem, the president takes compromising photos of Arnold in the company of Jessica (Dominique Saint Claire), a prostitute. With these photos, he convinces Isabelle to yield to his whims. However, limited by his age, he is assisted by his secretary Gerard (Jean-Pierre Armand) and just to sniff the panties of the beautiful Isabelle as he observes them in action. Meanwhile, Charlotte thinks only fun and flirtation with a young neighbor, Didier (Tom Chaney). Her father comes and scolds the young man. Annoyed, Charlotte finds consolation in the arms of Miss Favel (Patricia Violet), her piano teacher. Later, Isabelle confesses to rape her husband she presented as a proof of love. She decides to take revenge with the assistance of Gerard who also some grievances against the president. Gerard, with the help of Arnaud, violates Charlotte when she is out riding in the forest. The President then arrives and notes that Charlotte is fine, in conclusion, he states that "it is unnecessary to protect myself against the challenges of this world." Would accept the morality, the president agrees then the marriage of Charlotte with Didier.

Tags: Hardcore, Threesome, XxX, Fuck

Resolution:   544x408 

Duration:     01:10:57
	
Size:	      580 MB

Screens:
 
http://imgnix.com/show.php/101_00.jpg.html
 
http://imgnix.com/show.php/100_01.jpg.html


-----------------------------
 
http://hornykitty.com/index.php	
