Liars For Jesus: The Religious Right’s Alternate Version of American History Vol. 1.

Liars for Jesus debunks many of the historical lies invented and used by the Christian nationalist history revisionists in their efforts to further their far right political agenda and destroy the wall of separation between church and state in America. Liars for Jesus is not a book about religion. It is a history book, presenting and fully documenting the true stories and historical facts that are distorted in the "Christian nation" pseudo-history promoted by the religious right. 
 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/chris-rodda/do-well-by-doing-good_b_858148.html

After watching Jon Stewart's interview of pseudo-historian David Barton last night, and the extended interview online this morning, I wasn't sure what to do. Jon did as good a job as he could against the fast talking Barton -- better than anyone else I've seen debate this very slick character -- but missed several opportunities to really nail him.

A few hours ago, I was about to sit down at my computer to do my usual thing -- write about the Daily Show interview, and debunk the specific lies that Barton was able to get in. But instead I found myself staring at the big Ben Franklin poster on my wall, and changed my mind. Sure, I could write about the particular snippets of disinformation and dishonesty that spewed forth from Barton during this particular interview, but what good would that do? Been there; done that. Then, staring up at the face of Ben Franklin, it was his words, "Do well by doing good," that suddenly popped into my head.

"Do well by doing good." The words of a man who could have become outrageously wealthy by patenting his inventions, but decided to just let everybody have them for the public good have now been stuck in my head for hours, and aren't going to leave until I do what I'm about to do: give my book away for free.

Can I afford to do this? No. Do I need to do this? Yes! Will lots of people download it and read it? I have no freakin' idea. It's just what I need to do to be able to look Ben Franklin in the eye on that poster on my wall.
 
http://www.liarsforjesus.com/

More Atheist Torrents:
 
http://reactorfeed.com/rss/1305