Trouble in Mind (1985) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090209/

Includes documentary Halves of a Dream and Alan Rudolph speaks with Mark Isham.

Trouble in Mind is a 1985 neo-noir film which follows an ex-cop just released from jail after serving time for a murder sentence as he returns to the mean streets of the fictional "Rain City".

The film was directed and written by Alan Rudolph, and stars Kris Kristofferson, Keith Carradine, Geneviève Bujold, and Lori Singer, with an out-of-drag appearance by Divine. The movie starts with the world-weary 1920s blues standard "Trouble in Mind" and ends with a song of love and reassurance, both performed by Marianne Faithfull. The opening line is "I wouldn't say no to a woman or a job".

  Kris Kristofferson  ...  Hawk  
  Keith Carradine  ...  Coop  
  Lori Singer  ...  Georgia  
  Geneviève Bujold  ...  Wanda  
  Joe Morton  ...  Solo  
  Divine  ...  Hilly Blue  
  George Kirby  ...  Lieutenant Gunther  
  John Considine  ...  Nate Nathanson  
  Dirk Blocker  ...  Rambo  
  Albert Hall  ...  Leo  
  Gailard Sartain  ...  Fat Adolph  
  Robert Gould  ...  Mardy Stoog  
  Antonia Dauphin  ...  Sonja Nathanson  
  Billy Silva  ...  Elmo  
  Caitlin Ferguson  ...  Spike  

The movie flips between reality and unreality in a variety of ways, with the time, language and setting unclear. The leading characters all display traits of the opposite of what they seem to be (the heroic ex-cop, for example, is also a convicted murderer; the protective mother abandons her child; criminals show themselves to be sensitive philosophers; the wayward husband loves his wife; the straight woman shows a dark past; etc.). There are déjà vus and some uncanny look-alike side characters turn up in separate times and places. The four main characters convene by ones and pairs, get involved with one another, are joined by others, and end up in a final and absurd overall showdown to separate again as in a symbolic act of fertilisation, leaving the dead (and/or the past) behind.

The music, performed by Marianne Faithfull, is arranged and accompanied by Mark Isham. Peter R. Tromp (now Peter Trump, author of Milk the Children and Poems and Portions) provided music as Divine’s strolling violinist. In the Chinatown restaurant scene Tromp performed Pachelbel’s Canon in D and J.S. Bach’s Brandenburg Concerto No. 3. During scenes filmed at the Seattle Art Museum Tromp performed Telemann’s Fantasia No. 6, “Autumn” from Vivaldi’s Four Seasons, Mozart’s Eine kleine Nachtmusik, Biber’s Passacaglia, and Reveille. Tromp’s appearance and music in Trouble in Mind were uncredited.

"Rain City" was constructed out of Seattle locations, largely older areas on the edges of downtown, giving an impression of a less modern city.

At first glance, Alan Rudolph's TROUBLE IN MIND appears to be a straight-up tribute to 40's crime noir bathed in garish 1985 trappings, and while it certainly is that (from aspects of costume design, dialogue, and Mark Isham's lonely sax-driven score on down), it could be more accurately described as "dream noir": what Rudolph really succeeds in doing here is not only crafting a believable environment (pre-boom Seattle was an inspired choice, and the essence of the Pacific NW is every bit as strong here as it would be in the following year's BLUE VELVET, albeit in a completely different manner) with "Rain City" being the film's main character, but setting it in a time that is completely non-specific: elements of the past abound, but there is a distinctly "dystopian future" vibe at work as well, with constant (if scarcely populated) clashes between police and common citizens in unrest just around every corner. That our main quartet of characters seem to float through all of this without really coming into contact with it speaks to a theme running through the story of people not really being able to connect, to each other OR their surroundings, and even in trying to do the right thing, going about it all wrong. Rain City is clearly a nest for bad eggs, and as such, the police seem powerless to do much to improve things, a situation well in place from before the beginning of the story i.e: Hawk's shooting of Fat Adolph. Instead of wallowing in a sense of hopelessness, however, these characters do indeed try to find redemption, even if that means getting the hell out.

In a fine case of utilizing the right actor for the role based on overall demeanor, Kristofferson does a credible job as Hawk, and imbues the character with a grizzled sense of both loss and desire, coupled with a bad-assedness that he barely has to reveal outwardly for it to be effective. As Coop, Keith Carradine really excels in making what could be a pretty unlikeable character not only completely enjoyable to watch, but also more than a little sympathetic, despite a growing list of bad choices: though he gets side-tracked by lifestyle, he rarely loses sight of the fact that he is doing all of it in order to give a better life to his family. Lori Singer (fresh from THE FALCON AND THE SNOWMAN) also does nice work in the role of Georgia, rural ragamuffin deluxe. Like a pre-pumpkin Cinderella, Georgia is completely unprepared for that which she thinks she desires, and even as she becomes increasingly aware of Coop's immersion into a life she does not understand, she remains sympathetic to him as the father of her child. Tying all of this together as tough-talking Wanda, Bujold is TROUBLE's emotional center and ambassador/den mother to Rain City's denizens, her cafe being the conduit for all of the film's characters, as well as being the story's driving force and true heart and soul. The rest of the supporting cast (especially THE BROTHER FROM ANOTHER PLANET's Joe Morton and Dirk Blocker with that toupee) deserve high marks, but the wonderfully bizzarro casting choice of Divine (in his first full-film male role, though he had non-drag bit characters in FEMALE TROUBLE and the original HAIRSPRAY) is perhaps the greatest boon here for the cult film freak: while maybe having a wee bit of difficulty finding his style in a non-Waters production, Rudolph was wise to just let the Divine one do what he does best, and his campy-yet-effective take on the menacing character is a real joy to watch. 

Another of Rudolph's great moves (probably financial as well as aesthetic) was to hire local artists to help craft the look of the film, and there is little doubt that this gives TROUBLE much of its dynamic and specific look, from the paintings and sculptures on display, to actually crafting the cafe set from a vacant building near the ferry (try attemptng that even five years later!), but this would all be of little consequence if it were not captured with aplomb by first-time DP Toyomichi Kurita (SUKIYAKI WESTERN DJANGO). Obviously just as inspired by the look and feel of Seattle as Alan, Kurita plunges the viewer into the cold dampness specific to the region while also celebrating both rustic and slightly more modern architecture, effectively preserving a view of a city about to get a new lease on life.

In the years predating the "indie boom" of the early 90's and carrying the cachet of mentorship from Robert Altman (just don't mention those BRADY BUNCH episodes, THE PREMONITION, or BARN OF THE NAKED DEAD), Alan Rudolph was the hip filmmaking guy of the era, and it's easy to see why: a keen visual sense and love of classic films coupled with a respect for everyone involved as contributors make for timeless viewing experiences, and for all of its 1985-isms, TROUBLE IN MIND is just that.

Trouble in Mind is Alan Rudolph's valentine to the film noir genre. He is a master film maker who creates urban landscapes where losers and dreamers collide in their efforts to escape from loneliness and find quick success. The bluesy music by Mark Isham adds special tone to the weird but undeniably likeable movie. In the violent finale, Coop gets caught up in the criminal underground, and Hawk swoops down to save him. In doing so he must give up his love affair with Georgia. Bogart, if he were still around, would smile. 

