-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

General information:

Complete title: Erin.Brockovich.2000.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.25 GiB
Duration: 2h 11mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Tagline: She brought a small town to its feet and a huge corporation to its knees.

Storyline:

Erin Brockovich is an unemployed single mother, desperate to find a job, but is having no luck. This losing streak even extends to a failed lawsuit against a doctor in a car accident she was in. 
With no alternative, she successfully browbeats her lawyer to give her a job in compensation for the loss. 
While no one takes her seriously, with her trashy clothes and earthy manners, that soon changes when she begins to investigate a suspicious real estate case involving the Pacific Gas & Electric Company. 
What she discovers is that the company is trying quietly to buy land that was contaminated by hexavalent chromium, 
a deadly toxic waste that the company is improperly and illegally dumping and, in turn, poisoning the residents in the area. 
As she digs deeper, Erin finds herself leading point in a series of events that would involve her lawfirm in one of the biggest class action lawsuits in American history against a multi-billion dollar corporation.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/erin_brockovich/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0195685/

Cast:

Julia Roberts 	... 	Erin Brockovich 
David Brisbin 	... 	Dr. Jaffe 
Dawn Didawick 	... 	Rosalind 
Albert Finney 	... 	Ed Masry 
Valente Rodriguez 	... 	Donald 
Conchata Ferrell 	... 	Brenda 
George Rocky Sullivan 	... 	Los Angeles Judge 
Pat Skipper 	... 	Defending Lawyer 
Jack Gill 	... 	Defendant 
Irene Olga López 	... 	Mrs. Morales 
Emily Marks 	... 	Beth Brockovich - 8 Months 
Julie Marks 	... 	Beth Brockovich - 8 Months 
Scotty Leavenworth 	... 	Matthew Brockovich 
Gemmenne de la Peña 	... 	Katie Brockovich (as Gemmenne De la Peña) 
Erin Brockovich-Ellis 	... 	Julia, the Waitress

Genre: Biography | Drama | Romance
Director: Steven Soderbergh
Rating: Rated R for language.
Language: English
Awards: Won Oscar. Another 28 wins & 42 nominations
Original source: Erin.Brockovich.2000.RoSubbed.BluRay.720p.x264.DTS-WiKi

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 121 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 7 694 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.100

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 334 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 414 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.