Year: Red Alert 2 - 2000 \ Reborn 2.1 - 2010
Genre: RTS
Developer: Westwood Studios \ Dr.Phoenix_666 and Team Reborn
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Language: English
Publication Type: Pirate
Platform: Windows
System requirements: Pentium II 300MHz, 64MB RAM, 16MB Video


Extra Information: This distribution is done as \"Install and Play", ie, after installation, you get a fully working Red Alert 2: Reborn 2.1.
During installation, configuration prescribing your screen resolution, generating Woldata.key file, thus avoiding the error: "The game already has player with your serial number".
Since Reborn based on NPatch (for which no unsettled correctly working No-CD), you'll need ABSOLUTELY any disk (even a clean CD will be OK), inserted into a CD-ROM, or the image of any disk, mounted in a virtual CD-ROM, to play.

Description:


Project Reborn is a mod that turns the obsolete Red Alert 2 into the game, not succumbing in gameplay to modern strategies. We achieve this through full rebuild of AI, the addition of new strategic opportunities (new units, super weapons, etc.) and a better balancing of the sides. For a long time its existence, Reborn has undergone many changes, resulting in only the best: all of the senseless, unnecessary and just stupid was removed. It remains only to favorites...

Campaign:

- Not available.

Skirmish:

- 9 standard + 9 absolutely new countries;

- 4 new Specials for each country, the old ones are available for all countries;

- 12 new units per side (10 pieces of equipment + 2 infantry);

- Сreated a "queens" - super-units for each side (BEAR for the Soviets, Seraphim for the Alliance, Yuri Desire for the Yuri's Army);

- All the old units, buildings and super-weapons have been carefully re-checked and processed;

- Powerful AI, to defeat that you must to spend a lot of time and effort;

- New soundtrack, dynamically blend into gameplay of mod. For each sides - their tracks;

- 60 new exclusive maps, as for skirmish, as for online play.

Multiplayer:

- Official Hamachi network for Red Alert 2: Reborn:

Network name №1: Reborn Online
 Password №1: RO

Network name №2: Reborn Online 2
 Password № 2: RO2

Network name №3: Reborn Online 3
 Password № 3: RO3

For online play you need the latest version of Hamachi2. A detailed description of the required Hamachi2 settings written in the Tutorials(http://www.moddb.com/mods/cc-red-alert-2-reborn1/tutorials).

Before you go into network, make sure the correct spelling of network address or a password (no extra spaces, etc.). Good luck on the field of network battles!

Feedback:

- If you have any questions or suggestions, please write to: redalert2reborn@gmail.com
Viva Reborn!
