Canon EOS Rebel T3 / 1100D Guide to DSLR Photography - David Busch

Product Description
The Rebel T3/1100D is one of the most affordable entry-level cameras Canon has 
ever introduced. It boasts 12.2 megapixels of resolution, fast automatic focus, 
and cool features like the real-time preview system called Live View, and 
standard high definition (1280 x 720 pixel) movie shooting. As the owner of 
a Rebel T3/1100D, you demand the ability to take outstanding pictures with 
your new camera. DAVID BUSCH'S CANON EOS REBEL T3/1100D GUIDE TO DIGITAL 
SLR PHOTOGRAPHY shows you how, when, and why to use all the cool features, 
controls, and functions of the Rebel T3/1100D to take great photographs. 
Introductory chapters will help you get comfortable with the basics of 
your camera before you dive right into exploring creative ways to apply 
file formats, resolution, aperture/priority exposure, and other automatic 
exposure features. Beautiful, full-color images illustrate where the 
essential buttons and dials are, so you'll quickly learn how to use 
the Rebel T3/1100D, and use it like a pro!


From the Author
In depth, yet accessible, for beginners and Canon veterans

Rather than rush to be first on the shelves with a cursory overview of the 
Canon EOS T3, I decided to take some extra time putting together this 
comprehensive, 400-page guide that answers all the questions that both 
beginners and more experienced amateurs will have about this sophisticated 
camera.  If you're serious about photography, you need:
Detailed coverage of the T3's autofocus features.  Are you confused by 
all the T3's autofocus options? Learn how to choose focus modes and zone 
selection methods to snap into sharp focus every time.  You'll find 
explanations of exactly how phase detection and contrast detection work, 
and step-by-step instructions for using techniques like stack focus.  
Essential advice on settings options.  You need more than just a rehash 
of menu options and settings.  You want advice on when you should use 
(or not use) each option.  I've included two full chapters (more than 
100 pages) of tips so you can set up your camera with confidence.
A full chapter on shooting movies and Live View.  My tips go beyond 
just the camera controls to show you how to get better movies and 
audio using storyboards, establishing shots, close-ups, two-shots, 
and more.  Get the most from your T3's full HD video capabilities.
First-hand experience with the full array of Canon lenses for the T3.  
I own and use virtually every lens in the Canon line, and have 
summarized my recommendations on a full chapter that evaluates the 
available lenses.
The latest technology. I'm always looking at new stuff, like Eye-Fi 
cards, GPS, and smartphone/tablet apps, and provide the latest news 
in my books.
Entire chapters on exposure and histograms, flash and other topics. 
Improve your photography skills as you learn to use your T3.
I know you'll enjoy using your new T3 as much as I have.  Sit down 
with me and let me show you how to get the most from your camera.  
And if you need a camera-bag-friendly guide to take with you 
everywhere, I have written a Compact Field Guide for this camera, too.

Enjoy and Please SEED