ConvertXtoDVD (formerly DivXtoDVD) is a software to convert and burn your videos to DVD. With ConvertXtoDVD and in a few clicks you can backup your movies to DVD playable on any home DVD player. ConvertXtoDVD, our AVI to DVD converter software, has included a conversion advisor tool that will automatically apply the best quality settings based on the videos you have added to your project. Create DVDs from various video formats to watch them on TV with any DVD player. ConvertXtoDVD has been designed so you do not need to think about anything. Add 1 or more video files, insert a blank DVD and your videos will be converted and burnt automatically on to DVD with chapters and an elegant DVD menu. No external codecs needed. Best quality with the fastest conversions possible is the way ConvertXtoDVD is developed to meet the needs of both beginner and advanced users. With the settings below the computer geek can set his or her favorite video settings: 

2pass encoding
Multiple encoding profiles
Multi-core processor optimized
Video/Audio/Subtitle synchronisation
Various audio output formats
Audio amplifier
Padding and cropping
De-interlacing
Image resize filters (lanczos, linear, cubic, etc . . .)


FEATURES:
Convert video to DVD and watch on any DVD player
Convert Avi to DVD, DivX to DVD, WMV to DVD, RM to DVD, YouTube to DVD etc. . . .
Burn automatically to DVD after video conversion
Excellentand fast converter for users of all levels
Create menus with videos and music
Preview window
Add chapters - automatic or custom
Subtitle files supported
Convert NTSC to PAL and vice-versa
Merge function - like for CD1 + CD2
Multilingual support
Works with 32 and 64bits edition of Windows XP, Vista, 7

Output settings:
Convert and burn AVI to DVD and such videos to DVDvideo standard format (vob files) to guarantee compatibility with all home DVD players. Use a blank DVD or double layer DVD and the VSO burning engine included in ConvertXtoDVD will take care of the rest for you. You get quality burning results especially when using quality disks like with the brands: Verbatim, Taiyo Yuden or Sony.
Compatible with any disks (see supported format tab)
ISO output available
NTSC + PAL region formats
16:9 widescreen + 4:3 fullscreen
Burn multiple copies
VSO burning engine included
Various SD resolutions available

Changes in ConvertXtoDVD 4.1.9.347, December 12th 2010:
Regression fix (rare case)
Interface fix
Translation update
- 0004110: [Feature Request] when only 1 burner listed, select it by default (wesson) - resolved.
- 0003710: [Feature Request] change link of buy button (wesson) - resolved.
- 0004104: [Bug] no audio on converted result (wesson) - resolved.
- 0004103: [Bug] video does not play smooth, fps detection different per ConvertX version (wesson) - resolved.
- 0003730: [Bug] whening chaning menu I access violation in a non reproducable manner (wesson) - resolved.