Corel WinDVD Pro 11.0.0.342.521748 Multilanguage


Here's the latest update of Corel WinDVD Pro including compatible keygen by CORE. Enjoy it!

Corel WinDVD Pro 11.0.0.342.521748 Multilanguage
This popular DVD playback and Blu-ray 3D player software delivers a high-intensity, immersive home theater experience. Play Blu-ray 3D, AVCHD and all popular formats with high-definition precision and exhilarating surround sound.Besides any standard features you expect from a DVD / Blu-ray player, WinDVD gives you many features and extras enhancing the whole experience.WinDVD uniquely includes a premium online movie search engine that finds your favorite movies at the lowest price from popular websites. Bring Hollywood home with WinDVD Pro!

Changes in Corel WinDVD Pro 11.0:
• New Blu-ray 3D player support: Now get even more out of your 3D DVD playback experience. This latest Blu-ray 3D player has new 3D support that includes Blu-ray 3D and BDXL formats, accommodates side-by-side playback, and lets you watch 3D video files from any Fujifilm 3D camera or new 3D camcorder. Play high-definition Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D movies with stunning 1080p sharpness and next-generation surround sound.
• Enhanced 3D playback with new 3D glasses included: Experience 3D your way! With leading 3D technologies such as Frame Sequential and Polarization 3D playback, plus support for NVIDIA 3D Vision Shutter Glasses and XpanD Polarized Glasses, you have many different ways to watch 3D movies. The box version includes a free pair of Anaglyph glasses.
• New 2D to 3D conversion: Convert and enjoy 2D movies in full 3D definition for the most lifelike viewing experience! This Blu-ray player software now supports 2D to 3D conversion for DVD-Video, and standard and HD video files.
• New online movie search engine: Quickly search for premium online movies at the lowest price with the new Corel FlixFinder movie search engine, conveniently integrated within WinDVD Pro 11. Enjoy premium access to popular online movie sites. Browse videos by category, compare prices, bookmark your favorites, and feel secure knowing you are watching legal content.
• Enhanced interface (best in industry!): Enjoy an easy-to-use, feature-rich interface that serves up all the controls you need in a simple menu. This latest version makes it easier for you to optimize your experience with new controls, which include new Playlist tools.
• New file support: Take advantage of new file support for FLV, MKV and MP4, increasing the extensive format support already available.
• DVD playback enhancements: Enhance your video quality with new anti-shake and frame rate upconversion features, plus enjoy enhanced picture upscaling and saturation adjustment. We've also introduced new playlists for continuous movie playback.
• Enhanced performance: When it comes to video, faster is better. Thanks to optimization for new CPUs and GPUs from NVIDIA, Intel and AMD, this latest version of Corel's popular DVD playback and Blu-ray player software is faster than ever before. Plus, extended power-saving capabilities for Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows Vista laptops give you more life from your laptop.

Changes in 11.0.0.342.521748:
New Features and Improvements
a) Improved title compatibility
b) Intel WiDi (Intel Wireless Display) 2.1 support
c) AMD Sabine Platform support(2D Mode)
d) Power consumption improvement at idle status.
e) UI Change: Changed the WinDVD thumbnail view button from “Play/Pause/Stop” to “Previous/Play/Next”.

Bug Fixes:
- Video jumps to searched chapter when searching a chapter instead of after having selected one
- Video zooms in from Left Top Corner
- WinDVD's main window now goes to front top if double click shortcut when running on background
- Video name in thumbnail view was black, same as background: users cannot see it
- The Playback device selection and Speaker adjustment would not remember the last setting




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1250+ torrents                                                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		
					
			