The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr. [Abridged, Audiobook, Unabridged] [Audio Cassette]  Clayborne Carson (Editor / Author), LeVar Burton (Reader) 

Dr. Martin Luther King Jr, along with Gandhi are the two, consummate Unviolent Warriors of the 20th century.  We learn from, and embody their example or civilization ends now, in climate Armageddon.  \'A man is [simply unable to] Live who does not know what he would die for.\' MLK Jr. paraphrase. Do you?  Are you?  You have months.  Unless YOU turn the 2012 election into this generations Moon-shot moment - to kill carbon 80% by 2020, then Climate Armageddon is assured, and irreversible.

\'My problem is not the [violent racists.] My problem is the good people who will not [pay the price for Good to triumph over Evil.\'  MLK Jr paraphrase.

Like Gandhi before him, and like Jesus before them both, MLK Jr. avoided the death-trap that todays Left, Green Activists wallow it - begging, BEGGING the \'government, President, congress\' for what they want.  MLK Jr, Gandhi, Jesus NEVER did that.  The went to the people, and to themselves first, to raise the price, and pay the price, for what they wanted.  Then, they could DEMAND,and get what they wanted.  

Stop whining.  Do your job.  Leave Obama and Congress to do theirs.  DO YOUR JOB.

--------------

Amazon.com Review
By weaving together an unprecedented amount of material, including Dr. Kings books, articles, essays, personal letters, and unpublished manuscripts, Clayborne Carson (historian, documentarian, and director of the King Papers Project) has crafted an excellent production that represents the unique medium of audiobooks at its very best. With the effective and engaging narration of actor Levar Burton as a foundation, the tapes provide understanding and insight into this important religious and political leader\'s powerful convictions. Original music from the civil rights movement, plus rare recordings of Dr. King\'s moving speeches and sermons, help create an inspiring portrait of one of the most influential leaders of the 20th century. (Running time: 9 hours, 6 cassettes) --George Laney

From Publishers Weekly
Carson, director of the Martin Luther King Jr. Papers Project and author of A Knock at Midnight: Inspiration from the Great Sermons of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., has pieced together an incomplete study of King\'s life by supplementing his extant autobiographies (e.g., Stride Toward Freedom and Where Do We Go from Here) with previously unpublished and published writings, interviews and speeches. If King\'s rhetorical flourishes and use of the word \'negro\' sometimes seem outdated, the compilation still offers a concise first-person account of his life from his birth in Atlanta in 1929 to his awakening social consciousness and discovery of the teachings of Mahatma Gandhi. History propelled King to center stage in the struggle for black liberation. When Rosa Parks refused to surrender her bus seat in 1955, the \"once dormant and quiescent Negro community was now fully awake\" and King, along with many others in Montgomerys black community, organized the bus boycott that would launch King into his leadership role in the civil rights movement. The book offers glimpses of King\'s family life as well a view of famous Americans such as Stokely Carmichael, Malcolm X and JFK. (In 1960, King did not feel \"there was much difference between Kennedy and Nixon.\' He writes, \'I felt at points that he was so concerned about being President of the United States that he would compromise basic principles.\") But what is most evident throughout Carsons study is the moral courage that sustained King and allowed him to inspire a largely peaceful mass movement against segregation in the face of bloody reprisals. (Dec.) FYI: In November, Carol Publishing will release Seventh Child: A Family Memoir of Malcolm X, by his nephew Rodnell P. Collins. ($21.95 230p ISBN 1-55972-491-9)
Copyright 1998 Reed Business Information, Inc. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.