

Quality isnt perfect but its still pretty watchable !

Dont forget seed it after downloaded so others can enjoy it too!

Thanks for the original uploader!



Josef Mengele  -  My father,  Rua Alguem 5555



Hardly ever released on dvd anywhere, this is the official brazilian release of Charlton Hestons final performance. It took 11 years for the director, Egidio Eronico to make this picture. Charlton Heston contacted the director (Maximillian Schell was originally sought) for what he said would complete his career as an actor. The film also stars Thomas Kretschmann as the 33 year old son (Hermann) who finally comes to see his father (Heston) who is a former Nazi Doctor who worked in Auschwitz II camp during WWII. Josef Mengele is being sought after for his criminal involvement of over 500,000 deaths and Paul Minsky, (played by F. Murray Abraham) is a lawyer seeking justice to bring Mengele (the father)to trial. This story is based on facts. Although the father Josef Mengele is not factually represented in appearance his character behavior and appeal is understood superbly through Heston. (Anthony Hopkins turned down the role of Mengele.) Kretschmann truly comes through as an absorbed soul who is lost in the sins of his father; he totally wants to sever all family ties. Minsky is strongly effective in motivating the son to unfold the truth as much as possible. The film was made in Brazil, Hungary, and Italy. The shots of the scenery are spectacular and the story is tight. An Italian filmmaker who went out of his way to risk a story like this with his own resources and sponsors is an incredible feat of 11 years of love and labor. Mr. Eronico truly believes his movie has a message for everyone. All the performances are brilliant! This film addresses the prejudices people keep quiet.


Actors: Charlton Heston, F Murray Abraham, Thomas Kretschmann
Directors: Egidio Eronico
Format: PAL
Language English
Subtitles: English
Region: Region 4 ( DVD formats.)
Number of discs: 1
Studio: Total Entertainment
Run Time: 100 minutes
ASIN: B001BME64M