source:


world info hub: http://chaoticfate.com by qew


- world info hub -

PEACE - LOVE - FREEDOM - INFORMATION - REVOLUTION

Exercising a Canadian Right to freedom of thought, belief, opinion and expression, including freedom of the press and other media of communication

Recipe for a Nation

by  request  

I dedicate this Manual to the human species , who suffered so much from its self and from the cruel joke called ‘mother’ nature . 

This is not a fantasy , it is as real as you can imagine our collective future , so if you want to make it happen in your life time do your duty and use your skills to spread the Recipe across the internet and the world . 

Being just a messenger I only wrote the Recipe but it existed since the eternity of the Universe , regardless of language or DNA , it is a natural desire making it omnipresent in the history of any intelligent specie , in any galaxy .
To put it in my choice of simple words , it is as universal as your mother’s wish to see you live in a better world . 

The numbers in brackets refer to each chapter web index found at the end of the Manual where relevant internet links are listed to prove that , indeed , you are not day-dreaming , this is not a fantasy and that all it parts us from Eden is your participation . 

Please read the Recipe to the end to understand the beginning which is not what it seems but only justifying the purpose of the world’s shake-up and the start of the Nano Revolution . Take a trip with Daniel and enjoy the coming future , it’s shocking !

Latest update : April 11 , 2011 

Chapter one : the Campaign of Revelations – pg. 4

Chapter two : the Start of the Revolution –     pg. 23

Chapter three : the Planning of a Nation –      pg. 28

Chapter four : the Building of a Nation –         pg. 58

Chapter five : the Nano Revolution –               pg. 79

Chapter six : the Watcher’s Job –                    pg. 93

Chapter seven : Peace on Earth –                    pg. 124

Chapter eight : Preparing to Depart –              pg. 158

Web links index and independent News sites – 173 

* It’s 20:11 , do you know where your Earth is ?  the Climate Essay – 181 
* The Advanced Alien Super Specie Essay : the Dream Prison – 183 
* The Unifying Properties of Nature , the Universe Explained without math –  190