Auschwitz - Inside the Nazi State Typical Episode Notes


Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1847kbps 
Duration.............: 47:48.127
Resolution...........: 848*478 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 735,488,462 

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0446610/
 
http://bayimg.com/daIIlaADK
 
http://www.pbs.org/auschwitz/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auschwitz:_The_Nazis_and_the_'Final_Solution'


***UPLOADERS NOTE*** - A torrent of this already exists, but it is in a very low video quality. This has been ripped to the highest resolution possible with DVDFab, and to at least a 1.50 bits per pixel ratio. The first disk came with subtitles, the second did not. It should be noted that the original intent of this film was the education of school children (see the PBS site for teacher materials), and so most of the truly shocking imagery available is foregone here. The films try to explain how the camps worked, and how people could have done this to other people, but does not dwell overlong on skeletal images and the like. It is NOT a whitewash, but some reviewers have expressed concern that the true horror of the experience is blunted in this presentation. I would only agree with that statement if this is the only Holocaust resource one ever sees. This film is meant to make the experience comprehnsible; the more terible images are readily available elsewhere. Speaking as a teacher, I find this film perfectly appropriate for 7th grade and up.

Rambam1776


Auschwitz: The Nazis and the 'Final Solution', is a BBC six-episode documentary film series presenting the story of Auschwitz through interviews with former inmates and guards and re-enactments, first televised on BBC One on 11 January 2005. The series prominently featured the music of Górecki's Symphony No. 3, Arvo Pärt's Spiegel im Spiegel and the Sarabande from Handel's Harpsichord Suite No. 4 in D minor, HWV 437.

In the United States, this series first aired on PBS television stations as Auschwitz: Inside the Nazi State in early 2005 and was released, under that title, in a 2-DVD box set (Region 1), by BBC Warner, on 29 March 2005.

The series uses four principal elements: rarely seen contemporary film from archives, interviews with survivors and former guards, computer-generated reconstructions of buildings now demolished, and re-enactments of meetings and other events. These are linked by modern footage of locations in and around the site of the Auschwitz camp.

Laurence Rees stressed that the re-enactments were not dramatisations, but exclusively based on documented sources:
There is no screenwriter… Every single word that is spoken is double — and in some cases triple — sourced from historical records.

This reflects the conception of the earlier BBC/HBO film Conspiracy, which similarly recreates the Wannsee Conference (an event briefly portrayed in programme 2 of this series) based on a copy of the minutes kept by one of the attendees, although that film also includes speculative dramatised sections.

The CG reconstructions used architectural plans that only became available in the 1990s, when the archives of the former Soviet Union became accessible to Western historians. The discovery of these plans is described in the 1994 BBC Horizon documentary Auschwitz: The Blueprints of Genocide.


Episodes

1.	Surprising Beginnings	
2.	Orders and Initiatives	
3.	Factories of Death	
4.	Corruption	
5.	Frenzied Killing	
6.	Liberation & Revenge	


Editorial Reviews
Amazon.com
More than any previous documentary about the Holocaust, Auschwitz: Inside the Nazi State reveals the inner workings of the Nazi implementation of Hitler's infamous "final solution." Drawing on the latest academic discoveries, this remarkable BBC series presents a wide-ranging, meticulously researched biography of the titular "killing factory" and its evolution into a highly efficient location for industrialized extermination of well over one million Jews, gypsies, and other so-called "mongrel races" between 1940 and 1945. From "Surprising Beginnings" to "Liberation & Revenge," the six-chapter program chronicles the gradual process that escalated into the Holocaust, focusing its expansive European timeline on the detailed movements of preeminent (and highly corruptible) Holocaust engineers like Heinrich Himmler, Rudolf Höss, and "death doctor" Josef Mengele. Through painstakingly authentic reenactments of crucial meetings including the Wannsee Conference (where the "final solution" was secretly devised), we see and hear the Nazi thought processes, built on virulent hatred and bigotry, that "justified" mass murder on an unprecedented scale.

Subtle but exacting use of computer-animated effects allows three-dimensional exploration of newly discovered architectural plans and buildings long-ago destroyed, revealing the transformation of Auschwitz as World War II progressed. Along with rare archival footage, thorough documentation, and frank testimony from Holocaust survivors and Nazi perpetrators (not all of them penitent about their crimes), these programs make expert use of commanding narration by Oscar®-winning actress Linda Hunt, who brings depth and gravitas to a grim litany of sobering facts and figures. The result is an all-encompassing portrait of Auschwitz unlike anything seen before, masterfully written and produced by Laurence Rees with equal parts tenacity, intelligence, and integrity, informed by an overriding sense of moral outrage that is entirely appropriate to the history being examined. It's a remarkable achievement, as important as Shoah as a definitive exploration of one of the darkest chapters in human history. --Jeff Shannon