The American Way (aka Riders Of The Storm) (M. Phillips, 1986)-aNaRCHo

This is the type of cinema I live for. A bizarre 80's political black comedy masterpiece.

In "The American Way" we find ourselves following an eclectic bunch of PTSD suffering Vietnam Veterans aboard a B-29 bomber called the "Uncle Slam". The group is flying low over the USA taking over the airwaves with S&MTV- their pirate television broadcasts of rock and roll mash ups and other dissident material.

"The Captain" is played amazingly by Dennis Hopper (RIP). The rest of the crew consists of: Sam, the hunky jet pack-wielding ground technician and journalist; Ace, the Dr. Strangelove like Director that is electric-wheelchair bound with a hook and American Flag tattoo on his bald head; Claude, who narrates the broadcasts and dresses and acts like Tony Montana; Doc, the acid tripping, technical wizard and radarman; Jerry, the possibly schizophrenic pot smoking pilot that may or not be having UFO or God experiences (he's not sure); Minh, the bomb-riding Vietnamese man who does martial arts while watching American movies about Vietnam; and Benedict, the Lando Calrissian helmet wearing cook, who also serves the food and is left to do the most dangerous tasks.

Why are they doing this? Well, The Captain is in constant contact with major media executives trying to work out a broadcast deal for his men and their TV program...oh and...to ensure they won't face any criminal charges, of course.

That is until they discover that a Thatcher-esque woman named Westinghouse is being groomed for the Presidency. The Captain fears that if this woman is elected President, innocent men are going to be forced back into fighting a f**ked up war in South America, much like Vietnam (the war that clearly messed them each up, in one hilarious way or another), so that politicians like Westinghouse can make themselves look "strong".

Originally using the pirate broadcasts as a means to coerce themselves a cushy TV deal, the men shift the purpose of their mission when Westinghouse makes her candidacy official. Their goal now to: "Put this bitch Westinghouse out of business"; their weapon of choice: pirate television.

Their first attack targets a national nightly news broadcast with a smear campaign against Westinghouse. The attack is successful and manages to capture the attention of both the military- who believe The Captain and his men are "Masters of Psychological Warfare"- and Westinghouse herself, who wants them shot out of the sky...

The Captain and his crew refuse to back down- despite the direct threat to their lives- and continue to expose Westinghouse as the fraudulent manipulator she really is. This all culminates in an unexpected and totally hilarious conclusion that should surely convince the masses that Westinghouse is not the right candidate for President of the USA.

This is a much overlooked and absolutely brilliant hidden gem- both in message and style- that must be seen. It is sort of like Brazil meets Network. It satirizes so many topics- on both the media and political fronts- that are relevant to this day, such as: how technology and the media has made war seem like a video game; how politicians will wage wars and exploit religion to obtain votes; how right-wing politicians and televangelists make good bedfellows (as they both manipulate the public for their own gain); and how there is a need for activist minded individuals to work together and take the power back, even if it means using extra-legal (but peaceful) means.

Do not pass up the chance to check this film out, it is Highly Recommended. It will have you laughing your ass off and pondering the political message all at the same time. 10 out of 10.

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!