QuarkXPress v9.0.1.0 Portable

QuarkXPress? is powerful layout software with an intuitive, versatile interface that lets you combine writing, editing, and typography with color and pictures to produce dynamic final output.QuarkXPress is widely used by magazines, newspapers, advertising agencies, typesetters, printers, corporate publishers, design firms, catalog houses, book publishers, and form designers. It is also used by businesses with publishing requirements.


When in the 1980's desktop publishing systems have appeared only in the role of publisher could feel myself any user . Each person could put his thoughts on paper and talk about them around the world. If you have already worked with QuarkXPress or just planning to get acquainted with this program , you'll understand what I mean . QuarkXPress has become the most popular desktop publishing system in the world . Professionals have turned this program into the present standard in the training of magazines, newspapers and directories. This program - a great tool to create books with support functions such as creating subject indexes , tables of contents , etc.

Attention is invited to everything you need to produce high-quality page layouts and excellent production of printed materials. The new version of the package offers a number of new tools . For example, a tool called Picture Content Tool, Item Tool and Text Content Tool allow experts to move, rotate and resize images, snippets of text and other page elements without having to enter numbers into the appropriate fields and switching between different tools . Metamorphosed Product's user interface now includes buttons for quick access to master pages and exporting them in formats PDF, EPS, SWF , and HTML, as updated context menus have become more accessible and functional.

In the new QuarkXPress from Quark Interactive Designer migrated tool for inclusion in the draft interactive content : audio, video, animation . Designers can distribute their projects via the Internet or through Flash technology without having to purchase additional applications and for programming skills. It is also worth noting the import Adobe Illustrator files and PDF 1.7, an improved job with style, the new Guide Manager Pro to work with runners .

QuarkXPress 8 supports over 30 languages , and this feature is implemented in all language versions of the program. All versions have dictionaries , hyphenation for 30 languages , as well as full support for Asian languages .

Aspiration
Inspired by the designer's passion for perfection , QuarkXPress ® 8 pack changes the way creative professionals work . Strive to do better and constantly improve - employ page-layout and design , created to help you achieve your goals.

Pleasure
Feel the excitement of design using the intuitive interface QuarkXPress ® 8. Not being distracted from the tasks performed , a powerful creative toolset to help you easily create what you do best - design .

Confidence
Launch QuarkXPress ® 8 and draw on the confidence of more than two decades of experience from a pioneer in the field of software products for layout and design. Through continued innovation, QuarkXPress now gives you an intuitive interface , the ability to design across media , and precise typographic control to implement it .

Control
You 're the expert - design your way. QuarkXPress ® 8 introduces designer- driven typography to create stunning text. Characters and advanced baseline grids along with Unicode ® and OpenType ®, gives you the opportunity to achieve the desired effect.

Step Forward
QuarkXPress ® 8 is an excellent tool for prepress , but for us as for you, now is not enough. Be adventurous ! Use , which you have the knowledge and built-in Web authoring and Flash ® tools, print content across media . No need to purchase additional packages or programming !

Familiar environment
While everyone will enjoy the simplicity and advanced features QuarkXPress ® 8 , current QuarkXPress users will appreciate the familiar work space with elements such as menus , palettes and dialog boxes.

Now, designers can:
• To feel the freedom of using the new intuitive interface of QuarkXPress 8 .
• Use the built-in Web authoring and Flash ® tools, print content across media .
• To create stunningly decorated texts , using designer -provided control over the typography .
• Work faster and more efficiently with the help of Illustrator ® file import and support for Photoshop ®; improved tools for working with images , illustrations and text , fully customizable control characters; advanced baseline grids , and other features.
• To publish around the world, with dictionaries and hyphenation for more than 30 languages, using a single file format, open and print a project created anywhere in the world in QuarkXPress 8, and set the high quality of the East Asia layout and typography .

Features :
• Intuitive interface
• Built-in Web and Flash authoring tools
• Creating incredible sformlennyh texts through its control over typography
• Importing Adobe Illustrator files and support for Adobe Photoshop
• Improved tools for working with images, illustrations and text
• Fully customizable control symbols
• advanced baseline grids
• The use of dictionaries and hyphenation
• Support for more than 30 languages
• And many other features

Home Page - http://quark.com



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                               
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
		