 http://bayimg.com/fAedeAAde

Betsy's Wedding (1990) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099128/

Betsy's Wedding is a 1990 American comedy film written, directed by and starring Alan Alda. It co-stars Molly Ringwald, Ally Sheedy, Madeline Kahn, Joey Bishop, Joe Pesci, Anthony LaPaglia, Burt Young and Catherine O'Hara. The plot was inspired by the marriage of Alda's youngest daughter.

  Alan Alda  ...  Eddie Hopper  
  Joey Bishop  ...  Mr. Hopper - Eddie's Father  
  Madeline Kahn  ...  Lola Hopper  
  Anthony LaPaglia  ...  Stevie Dee  
  Catherine O'Hara  ...  Gloria Henner  
  Joe Pesci  ...  Oscar Henner  
  Molly Ringwald  ...  Betsy Hopper  
  Ally Sheedy  ...  Connie Hopper  

Nothing brings out the joy and craziness of family like the planning of a big wedding, especially when the bride and groom are of different faiths, one of several clever quirks put to good use in director Alan Alda’s frequently funny and always entertaining look at marital union.  Alda, who also wrote the screenplay and stars in Betsy’s Wedding, has created a consistently likable concoction that covers a considerable swath of territory, balancing the demands of a large ensemble of talented performers and multiple storylines with only the occasional stumble.

The resulting tug of war and the clash of cultures, attitudes and expectations among respective family members leads to several funny dissections and developments once the wedding planning is underway in earnest, giving Alda the opportunity to introduce additional characters and to take advantage of the ensuing situations. Some of that expanding plot includes the escalating monetary competition between the bride and groom’s parents; a crafty scheme launched by the bride’s aunt (Catherine O’Hara) to take revenge on her philandering husband (Joe Pesci); an infatuation between a good-natured mobster (Anthony LaPaglia) who works for the adulterous uncle and the bride’s unmarried sister; and the arrival of Alda’s deceased father (Joey Bishop), who periodically pops up as a lifelike apparition in order to give counsel to his son.

There’s more, including Alda’s entanglement with unscrupulous money-men he borrowed from to keep the business afloat and the requisite pre-wedding fight between the overwhelmed bride and groom, all mounted effectively and woven nicely together with a minimum of contrivance. The film does try to cover a bit too much ground in a fast 90+ minutes, but the familiar proceedings make for such an agreeable affair that it hardly matters.  Expanding on a tried-and-true formula that harkens back to 1950’s Father of the Bride, Alda tackles most of his subjects laterally, not so much out of any cautionary impulse, but in order to keep things firmly on the comedic track. That’s not to say there isn’t any substance here, but Betsy’s Wedding brings the family together mostly for laughs, which it delivers.

In all honesty, this piece is laden with stereotypes, clichés and schlock of the highest order, but since it doesn't take itself too seriously, it's somehow just on this side of forgivable. And Alda very wisely put together a fantastic cast, who all genuinely understand timing and comedic acting. Catherine O'Hara is radiant in her small but supportive role, and Madeline Kahn tones down her frequently kooky persona to deliver a warm and credible performance as the mother. It's quite a treat to see Anthony LaPaglia doing a young Bobby De Niro impersonation, and kind of getting away with it. Burt Young is as reliable as ever playing the mob man with an unseen sentimental heart.

There's nothing deep or particularly profound in Betsy's Wedding, other than a prevailing warmth of the love of a good family, but it's fun and it's light and it's as sparkly as cheap wedding champagne - you wouldn't cellar it necessarily, but it does the job nicely. 