


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - Creation - 07 - Lee Strobel - The Case For A Creator, Christ And Faith - 3 Videos + Extras





POtHS - Creation 07 - Lee Strobel - The Case For A Creator, Christ And Faith. (Pack) + Extras


POtHS Comments on This one......... Excellent


Description:
Product Description

Case for a Creator:
This 60-minute program is a compelling adaptation of Lee Strobel's personal journey from atheism to faith in God... a journey in search of the truth about intelligent design in the universe. During his academic years, Lee became convinced that God was outmoded, a belief that colored his ensuing career as an award-winning journalist at the Chicago Tribune . Science made the idea of a Creator irrelevant... or so Strobel thought. My road to atheism was paved by science... but, ironically, so was my later journey to God. Lee Strobel Has science discovered God? At the very least, it's giving faith an immense boost as new findings emerge about the incredible complexity of life and our universe. In The Case for a Creator DVD, Strobel reexamines the theories that once led him away from God. Highlighted by spectacular computer animation, The Case for a Creator DVD is a remarkable film in which you'll encounter the mind-stretching discoveries from cosmology, cellular biology, DNA research, astronomy, physics, and human consciousness. The Case for a Creator DVD is produced by Illustra Media, the same studio team that released The Privileged Planet, Unlocking the Mystery of Life , Where Does the Evidence Lead and The Prophecies of the Passion . More than 40 minutes of extra bonus features.

Case for Christ - Editorial Reviews:
Based on the best-selling book by the same name, a seasoned journalist chases down the biggest story in history.

The Project: Determine if there's credible evidence that Jesus of Nazareth really is the Son of God. The Reporter: Lee Strobel, educated at Yale Law School, award-winning former legal editor of the Chicago Tribune-with a background of atheism. The Experts: A dozen scholars, with doctorates from Cambridge, Princeton, Brandeis, and other top-flight institutions, who are recognized authorities on Jesus. The Story: Retracing his own spiritual journey, Strobel cross-examines the experts with tough, point-blank questions: How reliable is the New Testament? Does evidence exist for Jesus outside the Bible? Is there any reason to believe the resurrection was an actual historical event?

This remarkable documentary  is like reading a captivating, fast-paced novel. But it's not fiction. It's a riveting quest for the truth about history's most compelling figure. What will your verdict be in The Case for Christ?

Case for Faith - Editorial Reviews:
In THE CASE FOR FAITH journalist Lee Strobel investigates two of the most emotional objections to Christianity. Barriers to faith confronted by believers and skeptics alike: Why is Jesus the only way to God? And, how could a loving God exist if there is evil and suffering in the world?




IT IS HERE POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99A - Creating An Event In Heaven - Face To Face With Jesus & The Holy Spirit
 Solved - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    


   
 