Wyclef Jean - The Preacher's Son: Vibe Session DVD (2003)


This rare live studio DVD contains some of my favorite Wyclef recordings, bringing a raw, intimate, and unpolished feel not found on other albums. Clef and company lay it down live at Platinum Sound Recording Studios in New York City, working out songs that would eventually become "The Preacher's Son" album.

This is a rip of a highly interactive DVD with tons of extra content and navigation. Of course there's no way to preserve the unique DVD structure in a single video file but I believe I brought together the main feature and the best of the extra content into a cohesive one hour compilation even the director would appreciate. However, for the best experience I recommend downloading the complete DVD torrent. Audio only torrents (FLAC & Lame 320kbps) also available.

Track listing

1. Next Generation
2. I Am Your Doctor
3. Class Reunion (Aziria)
4. Three Nights In Rio
5. Baby Daddy
6. Shottas
7. Freestyle Jam


This highly interactive DVD, directed by Jim Swaffield, brings you up close and personal with the artists. Here is a description from an Apple Final Cut Pro interview with Swaffield:

“My idea was to make a DVD that would let fans engage and interact with the artist in a new way,” he says. “Vibe Session” creates this up-close feeling by offering viewers choices and blending navigation and functionality throughout the program. Wyclef Jean addresses his fans directly, talking them through the DVD’s special features and encouraging them to participate in the experience he and his band are creating.
“Vibe Session” complements the CD with top-quality digital audio, recording session and location shots and lots of banter between the musicians. 
“Between songs, you can click out to the menu and play around with it,” says Swaffield. “In one pass you’ll hear Clef talking about the song’s meaning, and in another you’ll see the band working out the chords.” In addition to three or four variations of each song, the DVD stays fresh by playing the tracks in a unique order each time through.
Wyclef Jean is enthusiastic about how well “Vibe Session” keeps the spirit of his music alive. “When we jam, it’s all about the vibe,” says Jean. “We wanted to capture the vibe of one of our live sessions — and really bring the fans into that experience. The DVD turned out to be the perfect way to do this, both in the real, up-close way it was shot, and in the way the programming makes it come to life as you experience it.
Read the full article here: 
http://www.apple.com/pro/profiles/swaffield/


Ripped by……illReput3
Video………………mp4 H.264
Audio………………AAC @ 320kbps
Length……………1 hour 

Enjoy and Seed!
