 http://bayimg.com/bAdBHaadK

American Playhouse (TV) 
Under the Biltmore Clock 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090231/

In this light-weight romantic story, based on F. Scott Fitzgerald's Myra Meets His Family and set in the 1920s, a young woman is out for a carefree time until one day she decides she needs to marry, and then her life changes more than she could have imagined. When Myra (Sean Young) picks out a dashing rich friend (Lenny von Dohlen) as her lucky future bridegroom, she is unprepared for his off-beat parents. After arriving at the family mansion to meet her future in-laws, the unsuspecting young Myra is at first treated with a certain aloofness and then with straightforward cruelty. After several twists of fate, Myra has an opportunity to give as good as she got.

  Sean Young  ...  Myra Harper  
  Lenny von Dohlen  ...  Knowleton Whitney  
  Barnard Hughes  ...  Ludlow Whitney  
  Mark Hulsey  ...  David  
  Wayne Kneeland  ...  Lloyd  
  David Malcolm Thompson  ...  Boy at Dance  
  Joseph Dean  ...  Boy at Dance  
  Megan Mullally  ...  Lilah  
  Seth Gleason  ...  Joe  


Under the Biltmore Clock is very good television (1986) movie. It was aired as part of the PBS American Playhouse series. The movie is based on the F. Scott Fitzgerald short story Myra Meets His Family. It is the story about Myra, a popular flapper around New York who has her choice of young men but finally decides to marry Knowleton Whitney (played by Lenny Von Dohlen) before it’s too late. Myra Harper (Sean Young) is twenty-one when she makes this decision. When Myra visits the Whitney home for a weekend she finds a group of eccentrics likely to scare off the most courageous of women. Myra’s response and a truly O’Henry ending cap the production.

Most of the actors in Under the Biltmore Clock are virtual unknowns but definitely recognizable. Sean Young has worked in films and television since 1980. She has nearly eighty credits to her name. Young has appeared in small parts, usually only one episode for several television series including: Third Watch, Reno 911, and CSI. Probably her most familiar appearance is as Louise Cooper, one of the sexy young military police who become involved with Bill Murray and Harold Ramis. 

Lenny von Dohlen has a similar career. He first appeared on television in 1981. He had a short-term recurring role in Twin Peaks. He had guest appearances in Miami Vice, Red Dwarf, and Picket Fences. His movie career is highlighted by a role in Tender Mercies with Robert Duval. Von Dohlen tends to focus on live theatre productions. 







