Cracked by...: BRD Cult              Size.....: 3
Suplied......: BRD Cult              Date.....: 03/22/2011
Packaged.....: BRD Cult              Type.....: Keygen & Patch
Protection...: Armadillo            Os.......: WinALL

DESCRiPTiON

File Recover allows you to recover critically important
documents and other files that have been lost by accidental
deletion. These files may be lost by emptying the Recycle Bin
or using other deletion actions that bypass the Recycle Bin
altogether. Such actions include Windows Shift-Delete,
command line deletion, deleting excessively large files or
using applications that delete files without the Recycle Bin.
When a file is deleted from the Recycle Bin, or if the
recycle bin is bypassed altogether, the file can no longer be
recovered by the Windows Operating System. However, the
content of the file still remains on the drive, relatively
intact, until the section of the drive it occupies is
overwritten by another file.

File Recover identifies the contents of these lost files on
the hard drive and allows you to recover them. If a file has
been partially overwritten, File Recover attempts to
reconstruct as much of the file as possible with the
remaining contents. This allows you to salvage at least part,
if not all, of that recovered file to continue using it as
required.

URL: http://www.pctools.com

iNSTALL NOTES

Install program, apply patch and use our keygen.
Enjoy

GROUP NOTES

Team BRD is not responsible for the bad usage of this product
This release is for EVALUATION PURPOSES ONLY
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support

Remember, this is an INTERNAL SCENE RELEASE, we DONT support
the spread of this rls over web or p2p networks

The Black Riders Cult is looking for

.  Experienced Crackers, Unpackers and keygenners
.  Software Suppliers

t h e b r d at m a i l dot r u

AAAAAAAAAAAA

jerdfs

you will never defeat the riddle of the black riders

Keygen/Keygen.exe:F8C3CF44
Keygen/Patch.exe:FECFB549
Setup/frinstall.exe:F8098C32
