Little House on the Prairie: 2006 Series
Starring: Cameron Bancroft, Erin Cottrell, Kyle Chavarria, Danielle Ryan Chuchran
NOT the 70's show with Michael Landon and Melissa Gilbert!!!

Okay, first and foremost... Since some people miss the obvious, I'll state it again. This is NOT related to the 70s TV series from Producer/Writer/Star Michael Landon. This is an all-new, made-for-TV production from 2006. HAVING SAID THAT...

As a huge fan of both the books by Laura Ingalls Wilder and the original TV series, I have to say that I LOVE this miniseries version of the beloved book "Little House on the Prairie". And this miniseries is just that--a version of the beloved book. Unlike the Landon-helmed series, which was "based on" the Little House books by Laura Ingalls Wilder (and strayed farther and farther from the books as the seasons went on), this is an actual movie version of the book 'Little House on the Prairie". It details the story of the Ingalls family's move from the east to Wisconsin, the trials and tribulations they encountered, and ends with the family leaving for Dakota Territory--where the next few books took place.

The cinematography in this version should practically be credited as a star on its own. Gorgeously filmed from beginning to end, this is a visual treat. Not surprisingly, the interactions with the Native Americans are approached from a far more balanced and historically accurate perspective (they actually got INDIANS to play the INDIANS! What an idea!). Kyle Chavarria is fine as Laura Ingalls, and I actually found Cameron Bancroft as Charles Ingalls to be more believeable than Michael Landon was. The true standout, however, is Gregory Sporleder as Mr. Edwards. Rather than trying to duplicate Victor French's big-teddy-bear charm, they have gone back to the book for inspiration. Edwards is truly a "wildcat from Tennessee" here, ultimately harmless but also eccentric bordering on nuts.

This has all been ripped directly from the DVDs. This was a three part miniseries as originally broadcast, and all three parts are here:
Pt. I - Little House in the Big Woods
Pt. II - The Ingalls' Journey
Pt. III - Adventures on the Kansas Prairie

I hope you enjoy this new version of an old favorite as much as I did!!!

