The Louvin Brothers - Tragic Songs Of Life [1956] (1996 Issue)


Label l Capitol
Producer I Ken Nelson
Art Direction I Uncredited
Nationality I USA
Running Time \ 35:58

You don't have to be mad, murderous, drunken, driven, lonesome, ornery, or blue to sing country music ... but it sure helps. Ira Louvin wasn't a" of the above, but he was something. Emerging in the 1940s, Charlie and Ira Louvin slotted neatly into the country music tradition of close-harmony brother duet singing-following in the footsteps of The Delmore Brothers and acting as an early template for The Everly Brothers.

This, their first full album, remains one of country's essential bedrock releases. Charlie's baritone and Ira's pure high tenor trade and fuse with lilting style and beauteous grace. It is gospel-fired bluegrass shot straight from the heart. The artwork most commonly associated with the record features Charlie and Ira superimposed over a distraught blonde clutching a crumpled letter, dime store novel style.

This illustration was added for later reissues, and it romanticizes the truth. In fact, for Ira and Charlie these songs of sin and weakness, tragedy and temptation were all too real. There was nothing at all knowing or kitsch about them. Still, it was Ira's self-destructive bent that lent them their knife-sharp edge. Charlie was stable but Ira was a drinker, a womanizer, and prone to flying into violent rages.

By 1963 Charlie had had enough and quit to go solo. Ira had survived much-including being shot by his third wife, Faye-but in 1965 he was killed (with his latest bride) in a car crash in Missouri. Gram Parsons would later be responsible for a renewal of interest in the brothers' music, and since then the Louvin legend has continued to deepen and grow over the decades.

Tracks:

01 - The Louvin Brothers - Kentucky.flac
02 - The Louvin Brothers - I'll Be All Smiles Tonight.flac
03 - The Louvin Brothers - Let Her Go, God Bless Her.flac
04 - The Louvin Brothers - What Is Home Without Love.flac
05 - The Louvin Brothers - A Tiny Broken Heart.flac
06 - The Louvin Brothers - In The Pines.flac
07 - The Louvin Brothers - Alabama.flac
08 - The Louvin Brothers - Katie Dear.flac
09 - The Louvin Brothers - My Brother's Will.flac
10 - The Louvin Brothers - Knoxville Girl.flac
11 - The Louvin Brothers - Take The News To Mother.flac
12 - The Louvin Brothers - Mary Of The Wild Moor.flac

ƒRipping logs includedƒ