


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 11 -  Revelation Decoded by John Triplett




POtHS - Prophetic Times - 11 - Revelation Decoded by John Triplett


POtHS Comments on This one:     The hour draws near.

Description:

Revelation Decoded, episodes 1-18:

Is the Bible merely a book of heart-warming, moral instruction? Or is it a trustworthy source of historical and future events? In this presentation, one of the most transcendent prophecies is analyzed and studied.

Can rational individuals living in the 21st century believe in Jesus Christ? Is there evidence that Jesus Christ actually lived? Learn about the most unique person that has ever walked on earth, and discover if He was a liar, lunatic, or the Lord.

Guidance: It is something that everyone craves. We all have sought guidance one time or another. What is God's methodology in guiding sinners to Jesus Christ? How does He make them aware of their terrible condition? The answer lies in the stones.

Much has been written on the identity of the Antichrist; many believe that the Antichrist has already risen long ago and is no longer here; another broad category believe that he will arise later in the near future. Could it be possible that he is with us now? Prepare to be shocked as the evidence is clearly shown who and what this power has done, and what it is planning to do in the present and in the future.

How will the world end? Will the entire earth end in a nuclear holocaust? Will the earth be rocked by a large asteroid and end all things as we know it? The Bible declares with crystalline clarity what will take place.

Discover one of the most beautiful truths in the Bible, how a funeral can be joyous. How death can bring life, how joy can replace doom and despondency. How freedom can win out, over abject slavery. This is good news.

Young people everywhere are taught the "so-called" certainty of evolution. What are the fruits of such a teaching? Suicide is the leading killer of teenagers, is there perhaps a relationship between the teaching of evolution and the high suicide rate we find among teens? In this presentation, you will see the benefits of worshiping the God who created the heavens and the earth.

The strategy of the devil for centuries has remained the same: deception. In this lecture, the seal of God and the Mark of the Beast are identified. The ramifications are astronomical, but in love God sends this warning message out into the world.

What happens to a nation when it combines church and state? Do the results end in greater freedom? Or do they result in religious tyranny? Listen to the striking evidence about a very powerful nation, that will be led by, and follow the footsteps of the church of the middle ages.

A wise man once said, "If you want to hide something, put it in front of the people's faces." In this lecture see how the old pagan religion of sun worship is alive and well in the modern religious world.

What happens fifteen minutes after death? Where do we go when we die: heaven, hell, purgatory, or reincarnation? See and listen why God's way is the only way that makes logical, rational sense.

Learn ancient principles about the optimal care of the human body. What did the ancient Egyptians die from? What do North Americans die from today? See how important our lifestyle choices are, and the benefits of having a new start.

The trends today in the religious world are very clear. Unity is in, and truth is out. Can there be unity without truth? Is there a modern-day spiritual Babylon being built? Are secret societies a true force on the global landscape, or just a mirage of paranoid conspiracy theorists? The facts speak for themselves.

Are there powerful protestant preachers today that draw their inspiration from the hellish torch of Satan? Prepare yourself for the new theology that is blurring denominational boundaries, and the new "Jesus", that is uniting the evangelical world into the web of the Antichrist.

It has been said, "You can a tell a lot about a person, by who wants them dead." In this presentation, find out which woman is hated by Satan, and loved by God.

Is the gift of prophecy still relevant for our times? With the overabundance of false prophets out there in the world today, is it possible that there could be a genuine? A Bible study on how to tell the difference between a true prophet and a false prophet, and how one individual passes all the divine tests.

What is planned for those who keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus? Is there a systemic plan already laid out to eliminate these faithful people? See for yourself who the problem is according to the global elite.

Those who are with Jesus will have to go through suffering, but Jesus will bring them through the terrible scenes ahead. With Christ at their side there is nothing for them to fear. A look into the future where death is non-existent, and the lessons of eternity are open to those who know Jesus.

 Jesus Appears - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.[/size]


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    



    