Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate v.1.5.0.0 Portable [DwzRG] | 5.74 MB

Overview:

Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate is a professional application designed to enable users to convert PDF to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, HTML, Images and Text.

It supports batch conversion and you can easily convert PDF to Office in the fastest speed to save your time. With this allsided PDF converter, your PDF files can be converted to other formats with high output quality, images, graphic and tables will be preserved precisely.

Features:

Best Convert PDF to Word Converter:
· When you convert PDF to Word with this PDF Converter Ultimate, all contents including origianl formmating, graphic objects and hyperlinks, even the tables could be reserved accurately from PDF to Word.

Easy PDF to Excel Converter:
· You can easily convert PDF to Excel in two methods. If you want to extract only data tables, you can choose Partial method; or convert the whole PDF file to Excel with text content and number data preserved.

Cute PDF to PowerPoint Converter:
· PDF Converter Ultimate allows you to convert PDF to PowerPoint to present your PDF files in PowerPoint slides show. It supports to convert each PDF page into a PowerPoint slide and you don't need to reformat the converted PowerPoint for presentation.

Convert PDF to HTML with Bookmarks:
· If you want to view a PDF in HTML ebook format, just use this PDF converter to convert PDF to HTML for you. It enables you to use the PDF bookmarks and hyperlinks which is still active when converting to PowerPoint documents.

Save PDF to Images in 5 Types Format:
· With Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate, you can extract the Images from PDF and save PDF to Images in 5 types - PDF to JPEG, PDF to TIFF, PDF to BMP, to PNG and to GIF, which are the 5 most often used images type can fulfill your need to save PDF to Images.

Convert PDF to Plain Text:
· This PDF Converter Ultimate can extract plain text content from PDF to Text. So, just drag and drop a batch of PDF files to the PDF converter, all your PDF files are converted to plain text documents and you can reuse PDF text now.

Installation Instructions:

1. Extract file(s) from .rar.
2. Run "Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate.exe" Always To Use The Software.
3. Done. Enjoy!!

OS : Win XP/2000/Vista/Win 7.