Soul Surfer (Christian Movie)


The amazing story of Bethany Hamilton, the thirteen-year-old surfer girl who lost her arm in a shark attack but never lost her faith and of her triumphant return to competitive surfing.

Soul Surfer is a moving account of Bethany's life as a young surfer, her recovery in the wake of the shark attack, the adjustments she's made to her unique surfing style, her unprecedented bid for a top showing in the World Surfing Championships, and, most fundamentally, her strong belief in God and her relationship with Jesus Christ. It is a story of girl power and spiritual grit that shows that all things are possible if you just believe in God and in yourself. 

Uploading this on special request from many people.

Runtime: 107 mins
Language: English
Year: 2011
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 
Format: avi format 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?
Please buy the movies to keep Christian films in business.

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Re-Uploaded by Indian Christian
