The Shinjuku Incident (2009), DVDR(xvid), NL Subs, DMT
Originele titel: San Suk Si Gin
Andere alternatieve titels: Xin Su Shi Jian, Jackie Chan in Shinjuku Incident
Hongkong
Actie / Drama
120 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1075419/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/52552

geregisseerd door Tung-Shing Yee
met Jackie Chan, Naoto Takenaka en Jinglei Xu

De Chinese mechanicus "Steelhead" (Jackie Chan) komt Japan illegaal binnen om daar zijn 
vriendin Xiu Xiu te zoeken. Samen met zijn kameraad Jie verricht hij zwaar werk om aan de 
kost te komen. Als hij erachter komt dat Xiu Xiu met de Japanse yakuzabaas Eguchi is getrouwd,
 besluit hij als huurmoordenaar voor de yakuza te gaan werken. Hij neemt werk aan van 
Eguchi maar al snel raakt hij steeds dieper en dieper in het mafianetwerk verstrengeld...

In China, the poor worker Tietou repairs tractors and misses his sweetheart Xiu Xiu, back in 
Japan, she having never sent any news to her family or him. While illegally emigrating to Japan, 
Tietou loses his Chinese documents and so cannot return to his country. He is welcomed by
 his countrymen who lodge and work in Shinjuku where they also help him to find illegal work. 
While running from a police raid through the sewage system where Chinese are illegally working,
 Tietou saves Inspector Kitano from drowning in the dirty water. Later, after an incident with 
his cousin, Joe, and a Taiwan gang, Tietou saves the powerful Yakuza boss Toshinari Eguchi. He
 is the husband of Xiu Xiu, who is now called Yuko and are parents of a little daughter. The 
mobster offers a dirty job to Tietou; in retribution, he promises to deliver the quarter dominated 
by the Taiwan gang to him. Tietou becomes the boss of the Chinese illegal immigrants. But his 
peaceful methods make him unpopular and Tietou starts to lose control over his men which 
escalates into a giant gang war.

Vanaf 3 mei op video

Source: Rental
Size: 1.36 GB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1701 Kbit/s
Frames/s:  25.000 Fps
Audio:  Chinese
Audio Code: AC3
Bitrate: 192  kbps
Channels: 2 
Sampling: 44.1 kHz 
Subtitles: Dutch (hardcoded)

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Actie / Drama

film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER

