Home Networking Do-It-Yourself For Dummies-viny


Step by step guide to connecting all your electronic devices into one network

A home network allows you to share Internet connections, photos, video, music, game consoles, printers, and other electronic gadgets. This do-it-yourself guide shows you step by step how to create a wired or wireless network in your home
In the For Dummies tradition of making technology less intimidating, Home Networking Do-It-Yourself For Dummies breaks down the process into easy steps with clear instructions.

Increasing broadband speeds, cellular technology, the explosive growth of iPhone sales, and the new Home Group feature in Windows 7 all contribute to a booming interest in home networking
This step-by-step guide walks do-it-yourselfers through the process of setting up a wired or wireless network with Windows 7 and Windows Vista
Demonstrates how to connect desktops or laptops, printers, a home server, a router, high-speed Internet access, a video game system, a telephone line, and entertainment peripherals
Shows how to share files, music, and video, and connect to an iPhone
Provides maintenance and troubleshooting tips
Home Networking Do-It-Yourself For Dummies enables you to take advantage of everything a home network can offer without hiring a technology wizard.

From the Back Cover
Network your family’s computers so you can share files, printers, and more — now it’s easy!

Connecting all your home’s computers into a network lets you share files, devices, entertainment, and more. This friendly book shows you, step by step, how to create your very own wired or wireless network.

You’ll learn what hardware you need, where to position a wireless router, how to connect a Bluetooth device, how to arrange access for different family members, and everything else necessary to get your network up and running. Then you’ll learn to secure it, monitor the kids’ online activities, speed up your Internet connection, and even set up a gaming network. What are you waiting for?

Open the book and find:

Directions for installing a wireless router
How to help different versions of Windows work together
Tips on configuring file and printer sharing
Instructions for setting up a Windows 7 HomeGroup
Wireless security procedures
Troubleshooting advice
Learn to:

Set up a wired or wireless network from start to finish
Share connections and files onWindows 7
Connect your gadgets, share music, and do it all yourself!