Love comes Softly (Christian Movie)


Based on a novel by Christian writer Janette Oke, "Love Comes Softly," centers on Marty, a young woman who travels West with her husband, searching for the perfect place to raise a family. When her husband has a fatal accident, Marty finds herself alone, with winter coming, and with no way of getting home. She enters into a marriage of convenience, and faces many trials as she gets used to her new environment and the strangers in her life. 

Katherine Heigl is lovely as Marty, and Dale Midkiff excellent as Clark, the older, strong Christian man she marries. The central theme of the movie is echoed by Clark to Marty, 

"The truth of God's love is not that He allows bad things to happen; it's His promise He'll be there with us, when they do." 

This is a total family friendly film! There is no bad language, no violence, no cursing, and no adult themes. It is family film that promotes the themes of morality, love, honor, courage, and most importantly undying faith in GOd. The movie is a love story; but it is also a movie about Faith, a movie about GOD, and it's a movie fit for the whole Family! Guaranteed you will watch it more than once.  

Uploading this on special request from many people.

Runtime: 89 mins
Language: English
Year: 2004
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 
Format: avi format 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?
Please buy the movies to keep Christian films in business.

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families. Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in
Kindly mention the subject as Christian Movies or something similar. 

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Re-Uploaded by Indian Christian

