John Fogerty
John Fogerty

Label: Asylum Records
Released: 1975
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 233 MB
Format: FLAC





Original 1975 Asylum Records issue of the former CCR leader's solodebut, featuring the top 30 smash hit 'Rockin' All Over The World', plus 'Almost Saturday Night'. 10 tracks total. 


Fresh from his cult-classic bluegrass album "The Blue Ridge Rangers," John Fogerty took a notion to cut an album of the type that built his name as leader of Creedence Clearwater Revival. His eponymous solo rock debut shows a good-faith attempt to connect with the fans of his heyday, but he really hadn't yet found his feet apart from his former bandmates yet.

The album attempts to recreate the successful formula that propelled CCR to the top of the heap so quickly. There is a strong nostalgia feel, recalling the early days of the Sun and Chess labels when rock-and-roll was itself fledgling. Most of the songs are composed by Fogerty himself, but a couple of covers from days gone by bolster the new pieces. Fogerty's voice still has the raw, tobacco-toasted growl of "Proud Mary" and "Fortunate Son."

Some of the songs are quite good. His cover of "Lonely Teardrops" captures the Motor City feel of the bevy of versions Tamla/Motown put out back in the day. Two songs, "Almost Saturday Night" and "Rockin' All Over the World," have enjoyed underground celebrity, and were masterfully recaptured in 1998 on the "Premonition" album. Indeed, the album is worth spending a little money on for those three tracks alone.

This album however, is not on a par with his star-making albums with CCR, and it doesn't yet demonstrate the maturity of later solo platters like "Centerfield" and "Blue Moon Swamp." Casual fans may find this disk less than engaging. For long-term fans of CCR and John Fogerty, however, it's a sturdy disk with a good spine, and the reward may well outweigh the cost. 



Personnel

John Fogerty - All instruments



Additional Personnel

Unknown




Track Listing

1.  Rockin' All Over The World  
2.  You Rascal You
3.  The Wall   
4.  Travelin' High  
5.  Lonely Teardrops 
6.  Almost Saturday Night  
7.  Where The River Flows  
8.  Sea Cruise
9.  Dream/Song  
10. Flyin' Away 
