Kinshasa One Two
Kinshasa One Two an album by DRC Music will be released digitally by Warp Records on 3rd October 2011 with a CD/vinyl release to follow on 7th November, to benefit Oxfam.

Kinshasa One Two was recorded in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo over 5 days this past July. DRC Music (a collective of producers gathered by Damon Albarn) set out to make an album with contemporary Congolese musicians and worked with more than 50 local performers including Jupiter and the Okwess International, Bokatola System and Nelly Liyemge. DRC Music is comprised of producers: T-E-E-D (Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs), Dan The Automator, Jneiro Jarel, Richard Russell, Actress, Marc Antoine, Alwest, Remi Kabaka, Rodaidh McDonald and Kwes, with album artwork by Aitor Throup and Hardy Blechman.

The Democratic Republic of Congo has long been wracked by conflict and is home to one of the worldΓΓé¼Γäós worst humanitarian crises. Proceeds from the album will benefit the local performers and OxfamΓΓé¼Γäós work in Congo.



ΓΓé¼┼ôΓΓé¼╦£ΓΓé¼┬¥Every day in DRC there are hundreds of thousands of people who need OxfamΓΓé¼Γäós support to access education, clean water, sanitation and basic hygiene. The situation here has been out of the media spotlight for too long. Not only will DRC Music shine a light on the incredible musical talent coming out of the country, it will raise much needed funds for OxfamΓΓé¼Γäós invaluable work here and focus the worldΓΓé¼Γäós attention on Congo once again, seeing it as a place of inspiration, creativity and hope.ΓΓé¼┬¥ OxfamΓΓé¼Γäós DRC Country Director, Pauline Ballaman

ΓΓé¼┼ôWe feel incredibly fortunate to be involved in the journey that culminated in Kinshasa One Two. ItΓΓé¼Γäós completely, brilliantly, unlike anything Warp has undertaken before, but nonetheless feels like a very natural endeavour for us to be a part of. WeΓΓé¼Γäóre supremely grateful to all the artists, musicians and producers who joined together to create this amazing record and shared a vision of contributing in some small way to benefit the people of the DRC.ΓΓé¼┬¥ WARP

Kinshasa One Two will be available as a digital release; CD edition in digipack (includes unique code to access album download plus 3 bonus tracks); and a deluxe vinyl edition ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ double vinyl pressing in gatefold sleeve, with 14 x 300x300mm art cards (includes unique code to access album download plus 3 bonus tracks).


Tracklist

1. Hallo featuring Tout Puissant Mukalo and Nelly Liyemge ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ listen now above
2. K-Town featuring NΓΓé¼ΓäóGotshima and Bebson
3. African Space Anthem (A.S.A) featuring Ewing Sima of Tout Puissant Mukalo
4. Love featuring Love
5. Lingala featuring Bokatola System and Evala Litongo ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ listen now above
6. Lourds featuring Yende Bongongo of Okwess International
7. Respect Of The Rules featuring Loi X Liberal
8. We Come From The Forest featuring Bokatola System
9. Customs featuring Bokatola System
10. Virginia featuring Magakala Virginia Yollande and Yowa Hollande
11. Ah Congo featuring Jupiter Bokondji and Bokatola System ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ listen now above
12. Three Piece Sweet part 1 & 2 featuring Bebson
13. If You Wish to Stay Awake featuring Washiba
14. Departure featuring Bokatola System		