The Lord of the Rings: Middle-earth Defense


Description

RETINA DISPLAY 3D GRAPHICS!!

From deep within the dark lands of Mordor, Sauron's power grows. Protect Middle-earth from his advancing ranks in The Lord of the Rings: Middle-earth Defense! 

Position your Heroes - Aragorn, Gandalf, Legolas and more - and deploy ally units such as Elven Archers or Hobbits to defend strongholds from relentless waves of attacking enemy forces. 

Upgrade your Heroes to specialize them in one of four categories: speed, attack, range and skill. In Story Mode, play through 18 levels set in 7 unique 3D environments with story elements based on all three films in the trilogy. Or opt for Challenge Mode, where you'll face endless waves of attackers until you’ve run out of Battle Hit Points. 

Try to best your high score in each environment! The battle for Middle-earth has begun -- stand and defend against the evil of the Dark Lord Sauron.

- Strategic Defense-style gameplay with expertly crafted 3D environments based on story elements from all three films in the The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, such as Saruman's Tower of Orthanc and The Black Gate of Mordor.

GAME CENTER ACHIEVEMENTS Collect 20 achievement-based Trophies to unlock certain characters and environments

2 GAMEPLAY STORY MODES: STORY and CHALLENGE

STORY MODE: A total of 18 levels set in 7 environments

CHALLENGE MODE: Cycle through 7 environments, defending against wave after wave of attackers, until all your Battle Hit Points have been exhausted

- Position Heroes (towers) such as Aragorn, Gandalf, Legolas, Gimli, and Arwen; and deploy ally units such as Elven Archers, Gondorian Soldiers, Riders of Rohan, and the entire Fellowship of the Ring, including Frodo, Samwise, Merry, Pippin and Boromir.

- Heroes can use special attacks to cause more enemy damage

- Set blockades to create chokepoints for waves of invaders

Check out other Glu games:

✓Gun Bros (NEW)
✓Toyshop Adventures (NEW)
✓World Series of Poker Hold'em Legend
✓Deer Hunter African Safari
✓Build-a-lot 2: Town of the Year
✓Deer Hunter 3D
✓Family Guy: Uncensored
✓TRANSFORMERS G1: AWAKENING
✓Super KO Boxing 2
✓Build-a-lot

FOLLOW US at
Twitter - @glumobile

What's new in Version 1.2.0
- Now you have the option to use a second chance if the attacking enemy forces defeat you

- Additional game optimizations
