This is just a torrent for a kis serial it has about 360 days left i think

Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 delivers premium protection from viruses, 
Trojans, spam, hackers, and more. Its cutting-edge, hybrid approach to digital 
security combines innovative, cloud-based technologies with advanced antivirus 
protection to deliver a faster, more effective response to today’s complex, 
ever-evolving threats. You, your private data and PC are completely protected as you work, bank, shop and play online.

Benefits
Enjoy secure online banking and shopping

Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 warns you about potential phishing attacks and malicious websites and secures your sensitive personal information such as login credentials, credit card details, etc. Enjoy complete peace of mind when you shop and bank online!
Get effective protection from unknown threats

Block unknown malware threats with the help of automatic monitoring, analysis and Kaspersky Lab’s cloud-based technologies that detect malware behaviour patterns in application and system activities before they can harm your PC.
Communicate in safety on your favourite social networks

Our security software constantly monitors Internet traffic and protects you from accidentally launching malware or following links to phishing websites when you are using Facebook, Twitter and other social networks. Plus, your account details, pictures and other personal information stay safe.
Get immediate protection from emerging threats

Keep your computer protected against the latest malware threats with the help of cloud-based technologies that leverage information from the Kaspersky Security Network [KSN] - Kaspersky Lab’s globally-distributed threat monitoring network which gathers information regarding new threats from millions of users’ computers around the globe.
Roll back changes made by malware

Safely undo changes that malware makes to your computer, ensuring no harm comes to your PC.
Benefit from hybrid protection

Whenever and wherever you use your PC and the Internet, take advantage of hybrid protection that brings together the latest information about malware threats from the cloud with the security capabilities in Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 installed on your computer for unbeatable protection.
Protect your identity from phishing attacks

Prevent cybercriminals from stealing your digital identity thanks to anti-phishing protection technologies inside Kaspersky Lab’s Internet security software which leverage lists of known phishing websites, proactive anti-phishing technologies and the latest information from the cloud.
Supervise your children’s computer use

You manage when and how often your children access the PC and Internet and which games, websites and applications they use. Plus, you choose who your children communicate with via Instant Messaging and social networks and what their messages contain using predefined rules.
	Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 Interface Screenshot	