Shadows Of The Damned is an all-new psychological action thriller game from iconic Japanese developers including executive director Suda51 (director of No More Heroes), creative producer Shinji Mikami (director of Resident Evil) and music composer Akira Yamaoka (sound director of Silent Hill).

Heavily influenced by the Grindhouse style including projects from Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriquez, Shadows Of The Damned presents a unique vision of hell taking gamers on a twisted journey through a demented underworld where death and destruction are around every corner

Shadows Of The Damned follows a demon hunter named Garcia Hotspur deep into a hyper-demented re-imagining of hell where he must rescue the love of his life by defeating the armies of darkness with the power of the light. Shadows of the Damned delivers shocking and unique gameplay experiences that include over-the-top action, grandiose boss battles, demented puzzles, grotesque enemies, heart-pounding moments and psychotic imagery.

Working his way through the City of the Damned to get his love back, Garcia is aided by Johnson a former demon with the ability to transform into an array of vicious weapons, Garcia will once again take on the mantel of "demon hunter" and rip apart the demented forces of the underworld to protect what he loves most.

Throughout the game players must utilize the power of the light to fight the army of the dark in unique light versus darkness gameplay that will forever change the way gamers perceive puzzles, combat, and action.

Brace yourself for one hell of a trip to the city of the damned.

A new vision of hell from the creative genius of Suda51 (No More Heroes), Shinji Mikami (Resident Evil) and Akira Yamaoka (Silent Hill): Combining visceral Grindhouse style action with a psychologically thrilling atmosphere, Shadows of the Damned is a vision of hell like no other.

Brutally twisted boss battles: Bring your wrath upon some of the biggest, most memorable and thrilling boss battles ever created.

Harness the power of the light to defeat the army of the dark: Manipulate the balance of light and dark to defeat vicious enemies, solve mind boggling puzzles, and bring hell to its knees.

Psychologically twisted, visceral combat: Rip apart the forces of the damned using an array of upgradable weapons and survive the ultimate head trip.

Heart-wrenching storyline: Lost love and the journey through hell to get her back sets the backdrop for this warped tale.

Pulse pounding soundtrack: Composed by Akira Yamaoka, one of Japan's most talented and prolific videogame music composers the game's music and sound design adds flair and intensity to the gameplay experience