These are the 5 audio commentaries that appear on the Australian Region 4 DVD of Breaking Bad: Season 3.

I've included .AC3 and .MP3 format because some people seem to have trouble playing .AC3 files.

Also, since Australia uses the PAL video format which runs 4% faster than NTSC (which America and Japan uses), i've also made NTSC versions of each file so they should stay pretty much in synch if you're watching these with NTSC video.


The reason i've uploaded these is because unfortunately the Australian release only has 5 commentaries, where as all the other releases i've seen contain 9, i'm hoping that someone will take the time to rip the 4 remaining commentaries and upload them.

There are also a number of extra features missing from the Australian release, i'll list these below, if someone could rip and upload these as well i'd be eternally grateful, considering i feel incredibly ripped off that all the other regions get all of the extra features and Australian consumers are basically told to suck it.


I hope someone finds these files useful and interesting and hopefully helps me and all other Australian consumers out by uploading the missing content, thanks for taking the time to read all this!!



Stuff missing from the sucky Australian release of Breaking Bad: Season 3 DVD:

Commentaries:
Ep. 1 - No Mas by Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Skip MacDonald, Dave Porter, and Michael Slovis

Ep. 5 - Mas by Vince Gilligan, Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Bob Odenkirk, and Moira Walley-Beckett

Ep. 10 - Fly by Vince Gilligan, Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, and Moira Walley-Beckett

Ep. 13 - Full Measure by Vince Gillian, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Bob Odenkirk, and Jonathan Banks


Behind-the-scenes featurettes:

Hit and Run
The Music of Breaking Bad
White Heat: Cranston on Fire
Pizza of Destiny: Cranston's Greatest Shot
Silent But Deadly: The Brothers Moncada
Gag reel
Cast and crew photo collection


If you want to add my files to your Breaking Bad Collection/Mega Torrent then that's fine with me.