ORFF Carmina burana - November 3-5, 2010

San Francisco Symphony & Chorus

Carlos Kalmar, conductor

Ragnar Bolin, Chorus Director

Timing: 62:35

Soloists: Joelle Harvey, Nicholas Phan, Keith Phares


Carl Orff’s famed cantata Carmina burana occupies a vastly different realm: its erotic energy and sheer visceral power have installed it among Western music’s most iconic works. Alfred Schnittke’s whimsical Moz-Art à la Haydn, a clever nod to the preeminent voices of the Classical period, prefaces music by the father of the Classical style himself. Haydn’s Symphony No. 97, one of the composer’s beloved “London” Symphonies, illustrates his characteristic elegance and charm.

Carlos Kalmar will conduct at the November 3-5 performances, and San Francisco Symphony Resident Conductor Donato Cabrera will conduct November 8.




Artist Biographies


Carlos Kalmar

Carlos Kalmar is Music Director of the Oregon Symphony Orchestra, a position he has held since 2003, as well as Music Director of the Grant Park Music Festival in Chicago and, since this year, Chief Conductor and Artistic Director of the RTVE Symphony Orchestra and Chorus in Madrid. He has previously been Music Director of the Hamburg Symphony, Stuttgart Philharmonic, Vienna’s Tonkünstlerorchester and the Anhaltisches Theater in Dessau, Germany. He makes his San Francisco Symphony debut at this concert. Mr. Kalmar’s recent and upcoming engagements include appearances with the symphony orchestras of Baltimore, Saint Louis, and Cincinnati; the Madrid ONE; Czech Philharmonic; and the City of Birmingham Orchestra. Mr. Kalmar has conducted the Philadelphia Orchestra, Los Angeles Philharmonic, and Minnesota Orchestra; last April, he debuted with the Boston and Chicago symphony orchestras. Internationally, he has led the Prague Symphony, Berlin Radio Symphony, National Orchestra of Spain, Hamburg and Vienna State Operas, and the ORT Orchestra of Florence. Mr. Kalmar’s newest recording features the Oregon Symphony with the popular group Pink Martini. His recordings on the Cedille label include two 2008 releases with the Grant Park Orchestra: one of works by Pulitzer Prize-winning composer Aaron Jay Kernis and one featuring mezzo-soprano Jennifer Larmore. Mr. Kalmar was born in Uruguay in 1958 to Austrian parents. He began studying violin at age six, and at fifteen he entered the Vienna Academy of Music, where he studied conducting with Karl Österreicher. He resides in Portland, Oregon, and Vienna.


Joélle Harvey

Joélle Harvey, a native of Bolivar, New York, last appeared with the SFS in June 2009, singing the role of Leila, in the semi-staged production of Iolanthe. This season, she plays Sophie in Werther with Washington Concert Opera, sings in the world premiere of Tod Machover's Death and the Powers at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo, and makes her debut with the Seiji Ozawa Ongaku-juku Opera Project as Barbarina in performances of Le nozze di Figaro in Japan, New York, and Paris. Last season, Ms. Harvey debuted at the Houston Grand Opera as Flora in The Turn of the Screw and at New York City Opera as Zerlina in Christopher Alden's new production of Don Giovanni. She also performed the Pergolesi Stabat Mater with the Orchestra of St. Luke's at New York's Baryshnikov Arts Center. In summer 2009, Ms. Harvey sang the role of Belinda in Purcell's Dido and Aeneas at Glimmerglass Opera; she returned this summer as Seleuce in Handel's Tolomeo. In 2008, she played Zerlina in Don Giovanni with San Francisco Opera’s Merola Program. Ms. Harvey received her bachelor’s and master's degrees in vocal performance from the University of Cincinnati College’s Conservatory of Music, where she performed the roles of Amor in Cavalli’s L’Egisto and Poppea in L’incoronazione di Poppea; she continues to study with CCM professor Karen Lykes. She has received the 2007 Richard F. Gold Career Grant, the 2009 Sara Tucker Study Grant, and a 2010 Encouragement Award from the George London Foundation.


Nicholas Phan

Nicholas Phan made his professional operatic debut in the Young American Artist Program at Glimmerglass Opera, where his roles included Beppe in Pagliacci and Licone in Orlando Paladino. He was also a member of the Wolf Trap Opera, playing Count Almaviva in Il barbiere di Siviglia and Nemorino in L’Elisir d’amore. This season, Mr. Phan performs works by Purcell with Music of the Baroque and returns to Carnegie Hall for Mendelssohn’s Elijah with the Oratorio Society of New York. He makes his debut with the Seattle Opera as Count Almaviva in Il barbiere di Siviglia, and tours with Alan Curtis and Il Complesso Barocco in performances of Ariodante. Mr. Phan has appeared with the Chicago and Saint Louis symphony orchestras; and at the Edinburgh, Ravinia, Rheingau, and Marlboro music festivals; the New York City Opera, Houston Grand Opera, and Frankfurt Opera. He was presented in recital in the Marilyn Horne Foundation’s On Wings of Song series, and recently debuted at the BBC Proms and the Bard Music Festival. Mr. Phan’s recording of Stravinsky’s Pulcinella with Pierre Boulez and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra was recently released on the CSO Resound label. His world premiere recording of Evan Chambers’s orchestral song cycle, The Old Burying Ground, was released last July. Mr. Phan studied at the University of Michigan, the Manhattan School of Music, and the Aspen Music Festival and School, and received a 2006 Sullivan Foundation Award. He last performed with the SFS in June 2009, in the Schubert Mass, during the Schubert/Berg Festival.


Keith Phares

Keith Phares, a graduate of the Juilliard Opera Center, was a national winner of the 1998 Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions and a finalist in the 1999 Eleanor McCollum Competition of the Houston Grand Opera. He has also been recognized with a Richard Gaddes Grant from the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis and the 2000 Richard F. Gold Career Grant from the Juilliard School of Music. During 2010-11, Mr. Phares works extensively with La Bohème, playing Marcello with Utah Opera and Schaunard with Santa Fe Opera. Similarly, he performs in Carmina burana here and at the Virginia Symphony. In future seasons, he will appear in leading roles with Austin Lyric Opera, Opera Colorado, and Seattle Opera. Mr. Phares's recent debuts include appearances at San Francisco Opera in Jake Heggie’s Three Decembers, playing the role of Charlie opposite Frederica von Stade; Florentine Opera, in the title role of Elmer Gantry, a new opera by Robert Aldridge; Houston Grand Opera, in the world premiere of Jake Heggie's Last Acts; and Glimmerglass Opera, singing Dandini in La Cenerentola. He has played Figaro in Il Barbière di Siviglia at Washington National Opera, Chou-En Lai in Portland Opera’s presentation of Nixon in China, and Masetto in Don Giovanni at the Spoleto Festival USA. Mr. Phares has been affiliated for many seasons with the Marilyn Horne Foundation, under whose auspices he has appeared in numerous recitals and master classes throughout the United States. He made his SFS debut in 2002, in performances of Bernstein's Candide.



Ragnar Bohlin

Ragnar Bohlin began his tenure as Chorus Director of the San Francisco Symphony in March 2007. Born in 1965, he served as choirmaster of Stockholm’s Maria Magdalena Church and holds a master’s degree in organ and conducting and a postgraduate degree in conducting from the Royal Academy of Music in Stockholm. Mr. Bohlin studied with renowned choir director Eric Ericson and has studied orchestra conducting with Jorma Panula. On a British Council scholarship he studied piano with Peter Feuchtwanger in London, and through a Sweden-America Foundation scholarship he visited choruses throughout the US. He has studied singing with the great Swedish tenor Nicolai Gedda and has also appeared as an oratory tenor.

With Stockholm’s KFUM Chamber Choir, the Maria Magdalena Motet Choir, and the Maria Vocal Ensemble, Mr. Bohlin has toured internationally and won numerous prizes in international competitions. He has appeared regularly on Swedish radio with the Swedish Radio Choir, the Maria Vocal Ensemble, and the Maria Magdalena Motet Choir, and he has worked with the Ericson Chamber Choir, the Royal Philharmonic Choir, and the Royal Opera Choir of Stockholm.

Currently teaching at the San Francisco Conservatory, he has also taught at the Royal Academy in Stockholm and has been a visiting professor at Indiana and Michigan Universities.

Bohlin has recorded numerous CDs among them “Visions and non-thoughts” with trombonist/composer/conductor Christian Lindberg and the Swedish Radio Choir in 2008. In early 2010, Mr. Bohlin conducted the Swedish Radio Choir on a US tour, including performances in Chicago, Minneapolis, Ann Arbor, and Berkeley. As a guest conductor he has conducted Brahms’s Requiem at Carnegie Hall; he will return to Carnegie to conduct the Sao Paolo Symphony and Symphony Chorus in 2011. He has received the prestigious Johannes Norrby Medalion for expanding the frontiers of the Swedish choral scene and in 2010 he was rewarded with a Grammy for Best Choral Performance for the recording of Mahler’s Eighth Symphony, under the direction of Michael Tilson Thomas.



The San Francisco Symphony Chorus

Established in 1972 at the request of Seiji Ozawa, then the Symphony’s Music Director, the 145-member Chorus today gives a minimum of twenty-six performances each season. Louis Magor served as the Chorus’s director during its first decade. In 1982 Margaret Hillis, renowned Director of the Chicago Symphony Chorus, assumed the ensemble’s leadership, and the following year Vance George was named Chorus Director, serving through the 2005-06 season. Ragnar Bohlin assumed the position of Chorus Director in March 2007. The Chorus can be heard on many acclaimed recordings, including Mahler’s symphonies 2, 3, and 8 (with Michael Tilson Thomas conducting), choral works of Brahms, Mahler’s Das klagende Lied, Stravinsky’s Perséphone, selections from Berlioz’s Lélio, and John Adams’s Harmonium. The ensemble has received Grammys for Best Performance of a Choral Work (for Orff’s Carmina burana, Brahms’s German Requiem, and Mahler’s Symphony No. 8) and Best Classical Album (for a collection of Stravinsky’s music including Perséphone, The Firebird, and Le Sacre du printemps; and for Mahler’s Symphony No. 3 and Symphony No. 8). The current ensemble is made up of 30 professional and 115 volunteer singers.


Chorus Roster


SOPRANOS

Carolyn Alexander
Naheed Attari
Radoslava Biancalana
Megan Bless
Elizabeth L. Blodgett
Brenda Bonhomme*
Arlene Boyd
Laura Canavan
Mun-Wai Chung
Kate Cronin
Stacy Cullison
Melodi Dalton*
Elizabeth Emigh
Abigail Farrell
Marty Friesen
Seenia C. Hong
Anne H. Janzer
Phoebe Jevtovic*
Betsy Johnsmiller
Elizabeth Kimble
Michelle Luebke
Christiana Macfarlane
Colleen Mahal
Mary Jo Malabuyo
Brieanne Martin
Sara Marostica Meldrum
Eva Meyersson Milgrom
Kaileen Erin Miller*
Debra Niles*
Leah Rubin
Kelly Ryer
Pamela Sebastian*
Jane E. Spencer Mills
Tamara Stephens-Dibble
Jeanette Thurber Barzelay
Ann Larie Valentine
Karen Vengerow
Cindy Wyvill*
Datevig Yaralian*


ALTOS

Kimberly Adolfo
Terry Alvord*
Aron Bateleur
Michelle Blood
Linda Brown
Karen Carle*
Stephanie Cartwright
Enrica Casucci
Carol Copperud
Judith Dunworth
Cortlandt Fengler
Annette Herbert
Amy Hespenheide
Audrey M. Howitt
Mary Hudson
Cathleen Josaitis
Nancy Kendrick
Carole Klokkevold
Mary Lambert
Trisha Leavitt*
Catherine D. Lewis
Peg Lisi*
Josefina B. Malabuyo
Maria Metcalf Meyer*
Susan E. Nace
Gail Nakano
Alexina Navarro
Sandy Noltimier
Kimberly J. Orbik
Linda J. Randall
Meredith Riekse
Gayle Sakowski
Jeanne Schoch
Yuri Sebata-Dempster
Sandy Sellin
Dorothy Streutker
Susan Swerdlow
Tricia Swift
Dianne M. Terp*
Merilyn Telle Vaughn*
Heidi L. Waterman*
Suellen Winegar
Hannah Wolf
Elisabeth Zurlinden


TENORS

Paul Angelo
Howard Baltazar*
Joel Jay Baluyot*
Todd Bradley
Seth Brenzel
Nick Burdick
Thomas Busse*
Scott I. Dickerman
Thomas Ellison
Christian Emigh
Ron Gallman
Jacob Garcia
Kevin Gibbs*
Michael Good
David Harrison
Drew Kravin
James Jaewoo Lee
Benjamin Lorenzoni
David Martinez
David Meissner*
Keith Perry*
James C. Pintner
David Stein
Tetsuya Taura
Thomas Teel
John A. Vlahides
David J. Xiques*


BASSES

Deok Keun Matthew Ahn
Douglas Allen
John Bischoff*
Brent W. Blackaby
Sean Brooks
David Brown
Tony Cavalleri
Noam Cook
Jim Cowing
Micah Epps*
Michael Fields
Malcolm Gaines
Rick Galbreath
Richard M. Glendening
David Hammer
Al Hoffman
Rob Lloyd Huber
Bradley Irving
Kevin M. Lenzen
Sandy Macfarlane
Jay Moorhead*
Lee B. Morrow
Jefferson Packer
Anthony Pasqua
David Erik Peterson
Steven Rogino*
Mark Rubin
Peter Sargent
William W. Skaff
Chung-Wai Soong*
Joseph Tambornino
Michael Taylor*
David Varnum*
Shawn Ying

*Member of the American Guild of
Musical Artists





The Pacific Boychoir made its San Francisco Symphony debut in September 2002 in Mahler’s Symphony No. 3, and is heard with the SFS on the Grammy-winning recording of that work conducted by Michael Tilson Thomas, as well as the Grammy-winning recording of Mahler’s Symphony No. 8 from 2009. In addition to the SFS, the Boychoir has performed with such artists as the Youth Orchestra of the Americas, the National Symphony Orchestra of Brasil, and the American Bach Soloists. Based in Oakland, the Pacific Boychoir Academy was founded in 1998 with six boys, and today comprises over 150 boys in seven choirs, aged five through eighteen. In addition to an extensive after-school training program, in the fall of 2004 the PBA opened a day school, becoming the only choir school in the Western USA. The Pacific Boychoir has toured throughout the USA and to Australia, New Zealand, Germany, Austria, Italy, the Czech Republic, France, Canada, Brasil, Denmark, Hungary, Argentina, South Africa, and China. Recent concerts have included Masses by Haydn and Rachmaninoff’s All-Night Vigil. Kevin Fox, Founding Artistic Director of the Pacific Boychoir Academy, holds a degree in music from Wesleyan University in Connecticut. He studied music at Oxford University and choral conducting at Westminster Choir College in Princeton. Mr. Fox has worked with the American Boychoir and has sung with many choirs including Trinity Church New Haven, Trinity Church Princeton, American Bach Soloists, and the Grace Cathedral Choir in San Francisco, where he also served as Interim Assistant Choirmaster.


The Crowden Allegro Con Brio Chorus features students from The Crowden School, a coeducational independent day school specializing in the musical growth and education of children in grades four through eight. The Crowden School combines an intellectually-engaging academic school day with a daily music program. It has attracted support from an array of musicians, including Yo-Yo Ma, Midori, Philip Glass, Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg, John Adams, and Simon Rattle. SFS Chorus Director Ragnar Bohlin, whose two sons attend Crowden, frequently volunteers his time to work with the choruses. The school is part of the nonprofit Crowden Music Center, which has over 6,000 individuals attending classes, workshops, rehearsals, and concerts each year. Crowden is committed to reaching out to children for whom music education would be otherwise unavailable, through its onsite and outreach programs with Berkeley public schools and community centers. Laura Kakis Serper, Director of Choral Music for The Crowden School, has directed many choral groups, including the Kairos Youth Choir in Berkeley, which she founded, and the SF Girls' and SF Boys' choruses. She is the Choral Director of the adult choir at Oakland's Ascension Cathedral, and often a soprano soloist in a variety of venues. She received her degrees in Music Education and Voice Performance from University of the Pacific Conservatory of  Music, Westminster Choir College, and Aspen Music Institute. In January 2010, she received an honorary commendation at the Senate for Kairos Choir’s twenty years of service to the Bay Area Community, by State Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner. For more information, visit www.crowden.org