Uploader's Note: In this download is included all video lectures, video transcripts, lecture handouts, assignments
and exams for the MIT OCW Course 8.01 Physics I: Classical Mechanics. All of these files can be
found and downloaded from the MIT OCW Site: http://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm


I did not have anything to do with this course, the recording or publishing of it or its materials. I have only
taken what MIT OCW was kind enough to give to the world and have compiled it into one large file. Hopefully making it available for those who can't stream the videos from their site.

Please remember to go to the website: http://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm and donate if at all possible to keep this
wonderful initiative going.

The videos are .mp4 and ranging in quality as they are downloaded from the MIT OCW site.
If this is fairly popular I will be doing more, so if you go to the website and see any courses you would like done in this style feel free to hit me up.


Course Highlights:

The 35 video lectures by Professor Lewin, were recorded on the MIT campus during the Fall of 1999. Prof. Lewin is well known at MIT and beyond for his dynamic and engaging lecture style.

Course Description:

8.01 is a first-semester freshman physics class in Newtonian Mechanics, Fluid Mechanics, and Kinetic Gas Theory. In addition to the basic concepts of Newtonian Mechanics, Fluid Mechanics, and Kinetic Gas Theory, a variety of interesting topics are covered in this course: Binary Stars, Neutron Stars, Black Holes, Resonance Phenomena, Musical Instruments, Stellar Collapse, Supernovae, Astronomical observations from very high flying balloons (lecture 35), and you will be allowed a peek into the intriguing Quantum World.

When this course was taught in 1999, we used:

Ohanian, Hans C. Physics. Vol. 1. 2nd ed., expanded. New York, NY: Norton, 1989. ISBN: 9780393957501.

This book has recently been replaced with a new edition:

Ohanian, Hans C., and John T. Markert. Physics for Engineers and Scientists. Vol. 1. 3rd ed. New York, NY: Norton, 2007. ISBN: 9780393930030.

MIT OpenCourseWare (OCW)

Unlocking Knowledge,Empowering Minds.
Free lecture notes, exams, and videos from MIT. No registration required.

MIT OpenCourseWare (OCW) is a web-based publication of virtually all MIT course content.
OCW is open and available to the world and is a permanent MIT activity.


What is MIT OpenCourseWare?

MIT OpenCourseWare is a free publication of MIT course materials that reflects almost all the
undergraduate and graduate subjects taught at MIT.

* OCW is not an MIT education.
* OCW does not grant degrees or certificates.
* OCW does not provide access to MIT faculty.
* Materials may not reflect entire content of the course.

What it takes to support this work:

Each course we publish requires an investment of $10,000 to $15,000 to compile course materials from faculty,
ensure proper licensing for open sharing, and format materials for global distribution.
Courses with video content cost about twice as much, but your feedback about the significant value of these
video materials helps to justify the cost. (From the MIT OCW Website: http://ocw.mit.edu/about/ )

MIT OCW Homepage: http://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm

MIT OCW Creative Commons License: http://ocw.mit.edu/terms/index.htm#cc


*Citation: Lewin, Walter. 8.01 Physics I: Classical Mechanics, Fall 1999. (Massachusetts Institute of Technology: MIT OpenCourseWare), http://ocw.mit.edu (Accessed 26 Jan, 2011). License: Creative Commons BY-NC-SA

Please Remember to Seed!