Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=ywaqqlpdymf8gm2qqls2.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=jpxvekst4majj3bj5c9b.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=aa0whh46hhh2n81h7pb5.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=13cafr337i564nwotbqt.jpg



Logan, Omar Galanti, Lolli Moon , Anita Hengher , Inessa, Markus.

On the heels of his 2011 AVN nominations for Best Foreign Director and Best All-Sex Release, Italian psycho Omar Galanti brings us Mad Professor, a rip-roaring, insane anal sextravaganza released by Buttman Magazine Choice. This movie features four epic vignettes of gorgeous Russian babes getting sodomized by Omar's massive, determined and impolite penis. The first segment begins with a turbaned Omar acting very strange, conversing with a strap-on-wearing marble statue, when blonde model Logan shows up for counseling. Omar's advice includes a fierce session of butt-banging and ass-to-mouth cocksucking that makes Logan's dark mascara drip and leaves her face splattered with semen. Next, cuddly Lolli Moon and classmate Lana Blond overpower the Professor when he refuses to suspend class for a birthday celebration. Pretty soon the teacher's covered in cake and nubile, young ass. The cute teens enjoy sampling each other's rosebud bouquet. Lana gets her bunghole expanded wide before the girls orally swap a load of the Professor's cum. Dark-haired Inessa is a nympho who won't take no for an answer; she aggressively seduces Omar's secretary, the lovely Anita Hengher, into an anal toy-pumping Sapphic session which turns into a nasty, four-way rectal rodeo. First Omar shows up, then Inessa's angry boyfriend joins in. Anita proves her ability to take two huge dicks in her ass. In the final scene, Omar's former patron Rocco ships the Mad Professor a heavy package that contains pert, short-haired Monica, a tiny but hard-working little minx who slowly enlarges her butthole to Omar-sized capacity using a series of toys. She sucks the Professor's cock fresh out of her butt and takes a nice open-mouth facial for her sincere efforts. Education is a lifelong process!