-
http:// www . Speed .Cd
http:// www . Speed .Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......www . Speed .Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-


                                                   
                                                      
                                                        
                                                      
                                                     
                                                 
                                    
                         
                  
             
           
               
                 
          
                   
                              
            . ..:: info ::.. .          
                                             
                Smallville                
                                            
          Episode.......: S10E17             
          Release Date..: 2011-04-15         
          Release Size..: 1065.13Mb       
          Play Time.....: 41:47         
          Resolution....: 1280x720              
          Video bitrate.: 3157kbps        
          Audio info....: 6ch, 384kbps        
          Subtitles.....: N/A          
        CRF value.....: 20.0        
                  
                                                
                                 notes ::.. .      
                                                   
                                                          
                                                         
                                                        
                                                         
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                    oPi
                        '09                                
                                                               
                        
CRF? What is it good for? Absolutely everything!

Unlike  XviD  that  has  no real constant rate factor unless you are doing  full
first  pass  only  the  x264 codec offers us a great option called CRF. What  it
means  is  constant quality throughout an encode based on CRF value. You are  no
longer  limited  by some vague bitrate restriction you let the codec decide  for
you what bitrate is needed without size restrictions. If your source is full  on
action,  grainy etc it will get a higher bitrate, if it's a dark action-free  it
will get less. No more obscenely large files for sources that don't need it,  no
more  shit  quality  cause  the  source  didn't  compress  but  did   meet   the
bitrate/target  size. Does anyone really still archives on cdrs/dvdrs? not  many
I would bet so who cares about DVDR/x sizes? If anything with CRF you'd be  able
to  fit  even  more  eps into your DVD5 cause shows like Grey's Anatomy,  House,
In Treatment etc DO NOT need 1120mb sizes but far less.

Other  benefits?  sure, right now every live from air x264 group finds the  most
cunning ways to pre faster, so the bare minimum within allowed settings is used,
with CRF that can finally change. Settings can be upped, release sizes will  fit
the show and not some random bitrate setting. win win.

A bit about CRF: 
https://trac.handbrake.fr/wiki/CRFGuide

Constant  Rate  Factor  will compress different frames by different amounts.  It
does this by taking motion into account. The eye perceives more detail in  still
objects  than  when  they're in motion. Because of this, a video compressor  can
apply more compression (drop more detail) when things are moving, and apply less
compression (retain more detail) when things are still. Subjectively, the  video
will  seem  to  have higher quality. If you were a computer, you would look at a
CRF  encoding  and  say it was lower quality than the CQP copy. And it would be.
But  if  you're  a  human being, subjectively, the CRF copy will look better. It
least  compresses  the parts you see the most, and most compresses the parts you
see  the  least. When you use a constant rate factor, it varies the QP slightly.
When  a  scene has a lot of action and motion, it will raise the QP (compressing
more).  This  is because your eye will be distracted by everything going on, and
won't  have  the image on screen for enough time to see the heavier compression.
When  a frame doesn't have a lot of motion, it will lower the QP, compressing it
less.  This is because your eye will have more time to look at the image, so you
want  it  to  be  as  much  like the source as possible. When you use CRF you're
saying  "use  whatever  bitrate  is  necessary  to  preserve  this much detail."