Voyage en URSS
Anthology of the Music of the Peoples of the U.S.S.R.
Volume 4 - Georgia/Armenia

Here's volume 4 of a 10-volume set of individually packaged LPs, recorded by Melodiya and in 1985 released also on Le Chant du Monde (Mel 23249-23250, LDX 74004). Each volume features one or two sides of instrumental music from a different Soviet Socialist Republic. The recordings feature performances by both amateurs and professionals, mostly instrumental but with some vocal tracks. 

The recordings are in most cases of the highest quality: rich, detailed, clean, with nice tonal balance. The LP pressings are quite good, with minimal pressing noise and essentially no tracking distortion. Each LP includes a booklet with brief descriptions of each track, descriptions of the instruments, and pictures of some of the instruments. 

Volume 4 has instrumental music from Georgia on side A and instrumental music from Armenia on side B. While there are a number of excellent performances on this LP, the highlights for me are three tracks featuring the duduk (A09, A10, B07), which I'm inclined to agree is, "perhaps the most beautiful of wind instruments." 

My LP copy is in excellent condition. It was transcribed to tagged 24-bit, 44.1 kHz FLAC files, using an analog rig that is near state-of-the-art. I used the mildest possible de-clicking but otherwise no noise reduction. The torrent includes a PDF file with scans of the notes in English and pictures of instruments in the booklet. 

I own 7 of 10 volumes of this set and will be transcribing others in the coming weeks. 

Equipment used for A/D conversion: Linn Akiva phono cartridge, Linn LP12/Lingo turntable, Linn Ekos SE tonearm, Audioquest LeoPard tonearm cable, PS Audio PS2 preamplifier, Kimber PBJ interconnect, M-Audio Audiophile USB A/D converter.

Georgian Instrumental Music

01 - Zorka.flac
02 - Georgian rhythm.flac
03 - Presence.flac
04 - Kartouli.flac
05 - Mtsem Suri.flac
06 - Pastorale.flac
07 - Song of Jana Achba.flac
08 - Sachidao.flac
09 - Mukhambazi.flac
10 - Mituluri.flac

Armenian Instrumental Music

01 - The Shepherd's Call.flac
02 - The Funambulist's Dance.flac
03 - Tsitsernak.flac
04 - In the Moonlight.flac
05 - Skipping.flac
06 - You are a Bouquet of Flowers.flac
07 - From First Light.flac
08 - Chalakho.flac

NOTE: To the best of my knowledge, these recordings are not currently available commercially. If you know otherwise, please let me know ASAP, as I do not wish any artists to be deprived of the royalties that they so richly deserve.