Alex Jones gives the keynote speech at the Talkers Magazine New Media Seminar, held in New York City and attended by prominent media personalities as well as other industry movers and shakers.

Introducing the speech, fellow talk radio host Lionel explains how Alex has seized every broadcast medium possible and used it as a platform for the Infowar, including the legendary Google bomb, which prompted Google to change their whole algorithm process in a bid to stop Alex from making certain topics go viral through the power of his listeners. Lionel humorously emphasizes how people like Alex are pivotal in keeping alive the format of spoken word in an environment where millions of You Tube users with minuscule attention spans have little other interest than watching clips of a "a duck playing a piano".

Alex Jones then commences his speech by discussing the how the landscape of communications is being transformed right now as the powers that be attempt to seize control of the Internet and strangle all alternative voices as a quickening towards technological singularity advances. However, with the establishment now so discredited and untrustworthy, Alex explains how their attacks are actually having blowback and making people turn to the alternative media to an even greater extent.

Alex addresses the assault on the First Amendment, down to the level of other major talk show hosts who publicly announced their refusal to attend the Talkers conference simply because Alex would be speaking, and passionately argues how free speech - a rare commodity in much of the world - is treated like toilet paper by a lot of Americans who believe themselves to be part of the crony establishment.

Alex then unveils the basic truth behind the growing popularity of his message - talk about real issues and do so from a position of honesty and veritas - ignore temptations to join the system and just become a parroter of the controlled consensus and the managed paradigm - become a maverick, look at issues from different perspectives and never follow the herd. Most of our readers are fully cognizant of this, but for a lot of the individuals in the Talkers audience listening to Alex's speech, this would have been something of a revelation.

Alex catalogues the history of how he rose from Access TV to local radio to the global phenomenon, thanks to the fantastic support of our Infowarriors, that his platform has become today, explaining how he went from editing tapes on old 1970's-style decks in the mid-90's to the high-tech approach that dominates in 2011. Our approach to news and how we are able to take issues and make them go viral by simply putting a new headline and a new angle on stories is also discussed.

Alex finishes up by warning his peers how the government plans to launch a takeover of communication systems with emergency overrides and government text alerts, eventually forcing station owners to carry hours of government news in return for payment just to get by as we enter an economic depression. The many talk radio luminaries who gathered to hear Alex's speech have a choice to make - are they with the establishment or are they with the people?
