 http://www.skype.com/intl/en/welcomeback/?intcmp=wlogo

Get it Direct DL : http://www.skype.com/intl/en/get-skype/

Free video calling

Why just talk when you can see each other face-to-face? Video call your family in Australia, your friends in Spain or your colleagues in Japan, for free. It’s the next best thing to being there. Find out more about video calling

Call phones and mobiles

Call people all over the world on their phone or mobile from just 0.9c per minute (1c incl. VAT)* using Skype. Find out more about calling phones and mobiles
See how to call phones and mobiles

Free Skype calls

Talk to anyone else on Skype, anywhere in the world, for free with a Skype-to-Skype call. Catch up with your backpacking brother in Asia, check in with your boss away in the US – call any Skype contact for free. 

Group video calling

Catch up face-to-face with more people at the same time on a group video call with Skype. Whether you’re kicking off a project or showing off the latest addition to the family, it’s the next best thing to being there. 

Group video calling
Skype Manager

Puts you in control of allocating Skype features and credit across your business.

Other features

Conference calls

Talk to more than one person at once. It's free if you're all on Skype.

Skype To Go numbers

Call people at great value rates from your mobile with special access numbers.

Online Numbers

One number anyone can call you on, wherever you are in the world - and you answer in Skype.

Voicemail

Let Skype take a message when you’re not free to talk.

Call forwarding

Forward your Skype calls to any phone you choose when you’re not online.

Call transfer

Transfer a Skype call to anyone else on Skype, or to a phone number.

Caller identification

Show it's you when you call a phone number from Skype.

Screen sharing

Show presentations, photos and more over a Skype call.

Instant messaging

The quick way to chat without having to make a call.

Send files

Send documents, video clips or photos – any size for free.

SMS

Send great rate text messages to friends' mobiles with SMS on Skype.

Access WiFi
Skype Access

Get online with public WiFi using Skype Credit so you only pay for what you use.

Facebook
Facebook News Feed

See your friends’ latest Facebook news in Skype.

* A small connection fee applies.
