Cracked by...: BRD Cult              Size.....: 4
Suplied......: BRD Cult              Date.....: 04/05/2011
Packaged.....: BRD Cult              Type.....: Keygen
Protection...: RSA128                Os.......: WinALL

DESCRiPTiON

VSO ConvertXtoDVD is a tool to convert and burn your internet
movie files to video DVD. It supports the most popular
formats. This version supports subtitles, advanced options,
included burn engine, fast and quality encoder, and automatic
menu.

With ConvertXtoDVD, video conversion software, you can
convert and burn all your videos and convert Avi to DVD
Backup and transfer your movies to DVD and enjoy watching
them on any home DVD player. All in one conversion and
burning software.

This award-winning divx to dvd video converter software
supports most video and audio formats for video conversion
(avi, mpg, mov, wmv, mkv, ogm and more) and even handles DVD
to DVD copy

Video formats supported: avi, divx, xvid, mov, mkv, flv,
mpeg-1, mpeg2-, mpeg-4, nsv, dvr-ms, tivo, ts, ifo, vob, asf,
wmv, realmedia, rm, rmvb, ogm, existing files from digital
camcorders, TV/Sat, capture cards, etc. No external codecs
needed like avi codec download
Create DVD menus with different templates available,
possibility to add background video, image or audio, have
chapter and audio/subtitle menus
Conversion advisor wizard, control of the conversion speed
vs. quality
Fast and quality encoder, typically less than 1 hour for
converting 1 movie, and supports Multi-Core processors
Included burning engine with burn speed control choice of
SAO or packet writing methods, supports all DVD formats
Custom and or automatic chapter creation with markers and
preview window
Advanced file merging possibilities
Audio formats supported internal and external: AC3, DTS,
PCM, OGG, MP3, WMA and more...
Subtitles files supported internal and external: SRT,
.SUB/IDX, .SSA with color and font selection, and supports
tags like italic, bold
Video output for video standard (NTSC, PAL), TV Screen
(Widescreen 16:9, Fullscreen 4:3) and DVD Resolution (Full
D1, Boradcast D1, Half D1, SIF), or choose automatic for all
choices listed above. Also convert video from NTSC to PAL or
PAL to NTSC
Video post processing settings like video
resize-pad/cropping and de-interlacing options
Multilingual support available languages...

URL: http://www.vso-software.fr

iNSTALL NOTES

Install the program and use our keygen.
Enjoy
