Teaching students to capitalize, punctuate, and spell properly is one of the most
important tasks you face in teaching writing. These skills are essential to effective
written communication because they make the reader’s job easier. Students who do
not master these skills will never write a winning essay, a reader-friendly letter, or a strong business memo. It will not matter that the writers have brilliant ideas or outstanding stories to share: Their ideas will never be conveyed effectively. On the other hand, students who do master punctuation, capitalization, and spelling will
have some of the tools they need to execute clear and effective writing in any arena.
In the second and third grades, your students have probably already begun to
sense how much fun writing can be. It’s important to keep that excitement alive
by including a variety of enjoyable writing projects in your curriculum. Invite
students to write adventure stories, lists, recipes, jokes, reports, book reviews,
and more. In some cases, you may decide that students need not punctuate and
spell correctly on a first draft of a story or in a journal entry that only they will
read. That’s perfectly appropriate. However, it is very important to emphasize
that proper punctuation, capitalization, and spelling must be used when
publishing or sharing one’s writing. Whether the final draft will be printed in
the school newspaper, displayed on the bulletin board, or handed in to you, it
should be polished and grammatically correct.
In this book you’ll find dozens of activities to help you teach punctuation,
capitalization, and spelling. The activities are interactive and age-appropriate—
not the endless drill sheets you may remember from your own school days.
From The Comma-Cupboard Game to the Homophone-Hunt Crossword
Puzzle, the lessons are sure to please both you and your students.
You can use the activities and mini-lessons in any order you like. Check the
label at the top of each lesson to see which major concepts are being explored.