The Ark is a Swedish glam rock band formed in 1991 by Jeppsson Mikael (better known as Jepson), and Lasse (Leari) Ljungberg, when Ola Salo and Leari were only fourteen years old. Martin Axen officially joined the band in 1997, and Sylvester Schlegel in 1999. In late 2006, Jens Andersson joined The Ark as an official member. He had at that point played live with the band for several years.
Generally written in a collaborative effort by the band, the Ark's lyrics are sometimes controversial. For example, the 2002 single Father of a Son is about homosexuals’ right to adopt. In October 2006, the band was criticized by members of the U.S. public for some controversial comments referring to the September 11, 2001 attacks that were apparently part of the joking banter between songs as the band performed at the opening festivities for the new Swedish embassy in Washington, D.C. This didn't anyway spoil the good success the band always had in the U.S. since their debut even though the image of the two frontmen has always been judged as too sexy for the american government, for instance during their live shows.

The Ark participated in a bunch of top festival all over the countries where its music has been spread, and was the only band ever who performed at Hultsfred's festival - the most important summer festival of the entire northern Europe - each year of carreer. The Ark also performed in the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2007 with the song The Worrying Kind. The song won the contest after capturing both the popular vote and the jury's vote. The song was Sweden’s Eurovision Song Contest 2007 entry, and is also included in The Ark’s fourth album Prayer for the Weekend, released in April 2007. Despite being a bookmaker favorite, it finished in 3rd place (out of 24).
The Ark has collaborated with artists such as The Darkness,The Cardigans and lately Kiss and David Bowie. One of Us Is Gonna Die Young was used in the 2007 snowboarding video, Picture This from Mack Dawg Productions for Seth Huot and Andreas Wiig's video part, also was it used for the Sam Blenkinsop and Philip Polc Section of the FOX Racing Shox 2007 Sequel. Let Your Body Decide was used in the 2010 film 'Super' starring Rainn Wilson and Ellen Page. Their all time hit remains, by the way, the 2000-2001's It Takes A Fool To Remain Sane, one of the top singles in music's history.

Arkeology (or Arkeology - The Complete Singles Collection) will be the final release by Swedish band The Ark and was announced on December 8, 2010 alongside news of the breakup and Arkeology MMXI Tour. The compilation simply collects all the bands singles but there are a few interesting notes about the selection. Deliver us from Free Will was only released as a promo single in some European countries; Trust is Shareware was re-recorded for its single release yet the album version is included here; Stay With Me was remixed for its single release but an all new version appears here; two new songs Breaking Up With God and The Apocalypse is Over will be featured with the former being released as a single. Both of the new songs will serve as the final recordings by the band. (wikipedia)


 1. Breaking up with god
 2. Let your body decide
 3. It takes a fool to remain sane
 4. Echo chamber
 5. Joy surrender
 6. Calleth you, cometh I
 7. Father of a son
 8. Tell me this night is over
 9. Disease
10. One of us is gonna die young
11. Clamour for glamour
12. Trust is shareware
13. Deliver us from free will
14. Absolutely no decorum
15. The worrying kind
16. Prayer for the weekend
17. Little dysfunk you
18. Superstar
19. Stay with me
20. The apocalupse is over
