Reshammiya, Pritam Chakraborty 
Cinematography; Sejal Shah 
Choreography; Ganesh Acharya, Vishnudeva 
Action; Fefsi Vijayan Master 
Art; Shailesh Mahadik, Monica Angelica Bhowmick 
Editor; Sanjay Sankla

Genre; Action / Romance

“Bodyguard” is the film produced by Atul Agnihotri and Alvira Agnihotri, under the banners Reel Life Production Pvt. Ltd and Reliance Entertainment. It is written and directed by Siddique. This features Salman Khan as Lovely Singh, Kareena Kapoor as Divya, Mahesh Manjrekar, Shatrughan Sinha, Rajat Rawail as Tsunami, Aditya Pancholi, Hazel Keech, Asrani, Katrina Kaif in the Cameo appearance for an Item Number “Aaya Re Aaya Bodyguard”, Raj Babbar......Sartaj Rana, Mohan Kapoor, Himani Shivpuri. Lyrics are by Shabbir Ahmed, Neelesh Misra. Music is scored by Himesh Reshammiya, Pritam Chakraborty.

Salman Khan performs the character of Lovely Singh, a courageous Bodyguard. Kareena Kappor comes as Divya, a College Student and her Friend Hazel Keech comes as Kareena’s College mate and her live-in friend. Rajat Rawail comes as Tsunami for Comedy.

Lovely Singh and his family are indebted to the Sartaj Rana (Raj Babbar), a business magnet. He comes to know that there are some dangers to the Sartaj’s family. So, Lovely feels to do something to Sartaj’s family. He meets him and conveys his willingness to do something for him. On meeting Sartaj, Lovely is asked to take care of his Daughter Divya.

Lovely performs his duty punctually and correctly. He takes care of her Security issues in various aspects. He accompanies her, to all places like College and literally wherever she goes. Divya feels uncomfortable on the over-protective nature of Lovely. She wants to enjoy the normal college life like others and feels Lovely as a hindrance in fulfilling her desire. She wants to divert him off the track. So, she plans to trap Salman in love affair.

Divya feels that, “If and when, Lovely finds his Dream girl, and gets involved in Love, he might leave them alone and they shall be free to do the things they wish”. She becomes an undisclosed anonymous Lover of Lovely. She feels him to be a very tough guy, who cannot be penetrated by Love. But, somehow, she becomes victorious in her efforts and makes him to fall in Love, and thus enjoy certain amount of freedom, which they wished.

It becomes difficult for her to come out of this game, which was planned and played by her. Many unexpected things happen in her life. She falls in the trap unleashed by her and, even Lovely lands into a web of lies, trickery and deceit. What all happens during the course of these events, is portrayed interestingly. In the meantime, when Lovely and Divya come out of their Love problem, some unexpected and unthinkable events happens, which escalates beyond their control. Who all and How all these characters come out of these Love-webs form the major crux and remaining story.