Lady Saw
My Way (2010)

The First Lady of Dancehall, Lady Saw is a Jamaican bad girl with loads more attitude and sex appeal than hip-hop mistresses like Lil' Kim and Foxy Brown, plus one of the most distinguishing images in reggae. Born in 1972 in the small Jamaican village of St. Mary's, Marion Hall signed to the Jamaican grassroots label VP Records and debuted in 1994 with Lover Girl. Lady Saw soon proved she was up to the challenge of Jamaica's rudest boys by teaming up with Shabba Ranks on the single "Want It Tonight." Her second album, Give Me the Reason, was followed by 1997's Passion, which featured her X-rated vocal swaggering on duets with Shaggy ("Mr. Lover Lover") and Beenie Man ("Healing"). The album was her most popular, prompting the 1998 release of two greatest-hits packages, Collection and Raw: The Best of Lady Saw. In 2004 she released Strip Tease, then three years later the ambitious Walk Out. In 2010 she formed her own label, Divas Records, which released her album My Way that same year.

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Reggae		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

When she burst on the scene in 1994, no one would have believed that the gutsy, gruff, and extremely lewd Lady Saw would still be relevant some fifteen years later. So much “pum pum” talk and so many cheap thrills usually make for a short-lived career, but this dancehall diva is all that and more. My Way is the rock solid proof as Saw offers a dizzying mix of hard sex and girl power over backing tracks that run the gamut. Anyone familiar with reggae singer Gyptian’s mega-hit “Hold You” will recognize the chilled riddim underneath Saw’s great answer song “Me Hold You,” but if you want furious, jump to the wild highlight “Tighta” which utilizes the over-the-top “Cosa Nostra” riddim for controlled chaos. Many of the cuts come from the production house of Marion Hall who pushes the envelope with the fabulous space disco beats he lays on the catty and fierce “Your Chick.” The title cut is arguably the singer’s best roots cut to date, “Party till December” is an infectious pop number you can play in mixed company, and the closing slow jam “I’m a Woman” is strong, poignant, and honest. While the X-rated elements of My Way can’t be oversold, it is important to note that the versatile Saw is able to adjust from porno to political to personal like Prince in his early days. Highly recommended, just have your ID ready. 

01.Every Way Mi Go
02.Your Chick
03.Bigga Than
04.He's At My House
05.My Way
06.Part Till December
07.Tighta
08.Cyaan Get Me
09.Crazy Love
10.Me Hold Yuh
11.Muscle Control
12.5 Minutes
13.Facebook
14.I Can't Wait
15.I'm A Woman

Cheers!