This PDF file is mostly scans of a book called Ivers Family History by Beulah Ivers Sisson it was published in 1984 it is a genealogy of the Ivers family (and related families) starting with its first American settler Richard Ivers and his family in the mid 1700’s from the county Clare in Ireland. 

The book is a family tree and a history, including both primary and secondary sources; it is a wealth of information and remembrances. For this work the Ivers and historians owe Beulah and all those that did this kind of digging a Big Thank You. It’s not without its mistakes, and shortcomings, for example Beulah was not able to come up with an exact year of birth for Richard, I easily found it today (1721), but the shortcomings and mistakes, I believe were born more from when the research was done and not any fault of the researcher. 

While the book isn’t technically in the public domain, I am sure that the licensing for the book has not been kept up, a quick search of the internet found only ONE mention of the book or its author. I intend to distribute this work freely for prosperity and the benefit of those seeking the knowledge of our family, I do this for no gain to myself or any organization, please act in kind. If you hold the rights to this work please understand my intent, but feel free to contact me, and be forewarned that half of nothing is nothing. The book has not been altered in anyway with exception of cropping the scans and some corrections that my Grandmother made.

	As an addendum, I have scanned the plethora of papers that my grandparents tucked into the book; there are histories, lists, and announcements. I have included some personal contact lists (30 years old), only because I have seen in places a few Ivers that had been adopted and were searching, and those lists might point them towards home. Surely, this document mostly will be useless to most, but as someone that has tried to research big topics and hit road blocks, I can tell you I wish they, saved, scanned and published everything. I have also included a few public domain books about Ireland that mention the Ivers family along with information from some websites and the like, I believe that the authors are credited for their work.
