 http://bayimg.com/DAjMIAAdb

Marlene Dietrich: Her Own Song (2001) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268443/

With a figure as enigmatic as Marlene Dietrich, one might find it difficult to portray her real life on film - not so. J David Riva, the legend's grandson, has managed to capture a part of it so evocatively and with remarkably little actual dialogue from Dietrich herself. 

This is not about what drove her as an actress and chanteuse. It concentrates on a specific time in her life that forever defined her - The Second World War. So often she is caught in the role of femme fatale, but added to that must be war hero. Conflicting between the pride of her German identity and a hatred of the Nazis, she spent much of that time vouching for European Jews and entertaining troops on the front line, while her beloved mother remained behind in Berlin. 

You really see the true strength of this woman after the war. She is spurned by her lover, French actor Jean Gabin, and handles it with magnificent pragmatism. Sixteen years after peace was signed and many awards for her dedication to the war effort later, she returns to Germany to give a concert as part of a tour, only to be branded a traitor by the press. Again, her show of dignity is phenomenal. 

This is a beautifully made film about an outstanding life. The anecdotes from Dietrich's daughter are a joy and give a rare insight into her private life. The narration by Jamie Lee Curtis is a little stilted, however, somewhat reminiscent of a school history lesson. Nonetheless, interviews with family, close friends and colleagues, such as Burt Bacharach, who accompanied her on her later tours, make for a fascinating observation on crucial parts of the grande dame's life. Unfortunately, there isn't enough rare interview footage of Dietrich herself, which is compensated by wonderful moments on the stage, singing Lili Marlene. 

Countless films have exhausted - or so it seems - the glamorous life-story of Marlene Dietrich. Books claim to have explored every detail of the actress and to have captured every nuance of the woman. Yet the real story of what motivated the German-born star to exchange Hollywood for the European war front, remains largely unknown.

Marlene Dietrich - Her Own Song challenges the unexplored controversy of Marlene's political mission and invites the audience to a roller-coaster-ride of political intrigue, artistic achievement and uncompromising emotions. The film is an accurate and unabridged account of a woman's extraordinary life and her unprecedented mission, and is, without a doubt, the definitive document of the life and times of one of the most fascinating and least understood stars of the 20th century.

David Riva, grandson of Marlene Dietrich, was born and educated in New York City and raised in London. He started his career in the early 80s in New York and Los Angeles as a talent and packaging agent for ICM, The Agency for the Performing Arts, and Don Buchwald Associates. In the early 90s, he became vice-president of Rix/Ubell Management & Production. By 1996, he had worked on many major productions in the role as producer and development executive for MGM, Warner Bros., Columbia/Tri-Star and Republic Pictures. He has also produced a number of independent feature films. In 1997, he opened his own production company - APG Associated Producer's Group - an innovative production house designed to pool talent and resources. With Marlene Dietrich - Her Own Song (2001) he gives his debut as a director.