C I C C A D A
- 2010 - A Child In The Mirror -

"A strong and impressive debut effort from this Greek ensemble, taking the art of sophisticated folk inspired music into new and exciting territories at their best.
Their blend of medieval inspired folk wanderings blended with touches of jazz and symphonic progressive rock isn't a novelty in itself, but the manner in which these elements are blended together is something of a novelty. In particular in the cases where guitar riffs of a more metal oriented nature are utilized to good dramatic effect, but also when the organ, clarinet and various additional instruments for intriguing and richly layered soundscapes with ample room for subtle dissonances and disharmonies, with the occasional jazz-tinged motif sneaking in on these themes as well.
Always beautiful and often fresh, those who love sophisticated progressive folk rock should note down this production right away. In particular of they don't mind the occasional really adventurous and challenging touch to the proceedings."
(Windhawk / rateyourmusic.com)

"Excellent debut from Greece, in the albun Child in the Mirror", CICCADA presents a work influenced by bands as GRYPHON, GENTLE GIANT with some pinches of jazz (traditional), folk and symphonic prog music . A disk of easy audience, with excellent instrumental work and very capable musicians and to complete Evangelia Kozoni's very beautifull voice, if not possessed Annie Hasslan's and Mady Prior vocal potency... , gets to bring the heaviest passages of the music a lightness that turns more pleasant the audition..."
(Maryes / progarchives.com)

"...I must say I'm very happy to hear such a lovely album that is filled with beauty and tamed passion. Though I'd love to hear more daring and breaking out of the mold from this talented band, this is an album I enjoy listening to and one that has made me look out for their future release. Recommended!"
(Avestin / progarchives.com)

Recent (March 2011) #7 at PA's top list 2010/2011

More infos at:
 
http://www.progarchives.com/artist.asp?id=5668

