GAME ......... Jack of all Tribes v1.0 DC20110303
LANGUAGE ..... ENGLISH
DEVELOPER .... DivoGames
DISKS ........ 28
DATE ......... 20/03/2011
GENRE ........ GAME
PROTECTION ... Armadillo
RiPPED ....... NOthing



Divogames, the developer of "Be Rich" games, invites you to
the primeval world to unveil its secrets The story begins when
Jack comes to an amusement park to ride a new attraction called
"Tunnel of Destiny". When he enters the tunnel in a railcar,
everything goes wrong The railcar stops in the darkness. Jack
runs out of patience and begins to press all buttons and levers,
trying to move it. Suddenly the railcar dashes out of the tunnel,
falling down into a deep lake. Shocked, Jack sees shaggy members
of a primitive tribe. It is a real time travel

Judging by Jacks unusual looks, the tribes chief decides that
the young man is the redeemer predicted by the Great Shaman. The
prophecy says that the redeemer will free the tribes from the
oppressive domination of the Dumbheads. Now Jack must follow the
instructions given in the prophecy and find all hidden artifacts
- otherwise he will never return home

Besides the fascinating plot, Jack of all Tribes features a very
original gameplay. It is strategy-based, but includes challenging
Hidden Object mini-games. Jack explores the mapped territory,
visiting several dwelling sites one by one and meeting a lot of
various non-player characters. They give him unique tasks or useful
tips, thus helping him in his mission. Tribe members fulfill Jacks
orders, but they also have their own demands, which Jack should
take into account, as happy people move much faster and work more
efficiently. Their emotions and needs are indicated by small icons
above the heads

Sometimes Jack finds anomalies where he has to complete Hidden
Object tasks, collecting scattered artifacts from the future. Some
of them will prove useful - e.g., sneakers increase the workers
speed by 15

Jack of all Tribes guarantees you hours of fun and entertainment
By the way, both children and adults will surely enjoy the
colorful graphics, sweet background music and Jacks witty comments

Features

- Incredible journey to the Stone Age
- Rule a primitive tribe
- Collect Hidden Objects to resolve time paradox
- Meet chieftains and shamans
- Help Jack return home to the future

URL: http://www.divogames.com

If you like the game, support the developers and buy it