Civil War Battlefields 1 of 2

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1262kbps 
Duration.............: 2:08:16
Resolution...........: 600*456 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 256 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,472,494,274 


***UPLOADER’S NOTE*** - This is a rather low budget series of direct-to-video documentaries with cheap production values, making use of public domain old films and stock footage of re-enactors marching around. However, the information and graphics are accurate, and the interviewed professors and experts are quite good. If you want really shiny computer graphics, this isn’t the collection for you, but if you want a straightforward and comprehensible explanation of some of the war’s most important battles, this is a fine source. I’d also like to offer a shameless plug here for a torrent I created some time ago, which has a good deal more information on the war:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4312228/Civil_War_Edu_Resource_-_Shelby_Foote_-_Bruce_Catton_-_TTC
 
http://www.timelessvideo.com/dvds/civilwar2dvd.html
 
http://bayimg.com/jaiGbaaDe


DVD DESCRIPTION

The American Civil War (1861-1865) is one of the greatest conflicts in the history of mankind, and the bloodiest and saddest war in American history. What began as a bitter dispute over union and States' Rights, ended as a struggle over the meaning of freedom in America. It saw the end of slavery. It inspired men who had never strayed far from their own front doors to become soldiers in great armies, and to fight in epic battles hundreds of miles from home. it was the first modern war and the costliest, yielding at least 600,000 casualties and unprecedented domestic suffering, both spiritually and physically. As a defining moment in United States history, our Civil War has no equal, which is why it remains such a fascinating subject even today.

The dramatic story of the Civil War unfolds as we relive the battles that helped save the nation, including Manassas, Antietam, Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville, Spotsylvania, Gettysburg and the final surrender at Appomattox.

Disc 1

Manassas

The First major battle of the Civil War was fought at Manassas Junction and was a clear victory for the South. A second battle of Manassas, or Bull Run, was fought on the same ground over a year later and was also a Confederate victory.

Antietam

Antietam, the first major of the Civil War fought on Union soil, is considered the bloodiest single day of the war. This Union victory encouraged President Lincoln to make one of his best decisions, to issue the Emancipation Proclamation the following January.

Fredericksburg

General Ambrose Burnside leads 106,000 Union troops against General Stonewall Jackson's firmly entrenched defenders at Fredericksburg, Virginia and suffers over 12,500 casualties.

Chancellorsville

The Federal Army of the Potomac enters the Battle of Chancellorsville with overwhelming troop strength. Against these odds, Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson earn clear victory for the South.

Disc 2

Gettysburg

Gettysburg, Pennsylvania was the site of the largest battle waged during the American Civil War. The battle resulted in a crucial victory for the Union "Army of the Potomac" and was a major turning point in the war. it was also the bloodiest single battle of the war, resulting in over 51,000 soldiers killed, wounded, captured or missing.

Wilderness and Spotsylvania

General Ulysses S. Grant, the new Union Commander, brings with him the strong resolve to no back away from anyone, not even the legendary Robert E. Lee.

Appomattox

The brave men of the confederacy continue to battle Union forces until General Lee realizes that any further resistance is futile. he seeks out General Grant to formally surrender his troops at Appomattox Court House.
