 http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/battlefield-bad-company-2/id432193324?mt=8
 
http://apptrackr.org/?act=viewapp&appid=432193320

Description
OUR BIGGEST, BADDEST FPS. NOW ON iPAD. Based on the bestselling console game from DICE, feel the adrenaline-pumping intensity of close-quarter combat and unleash devastation from the air as you battle in jungle heat, arctic snow, and desert dust. Go all-out in full online multiplayer mode, and get a modern-warfare simulation on iPad that’s second to none.

YOUR iPAD SETS THE STAGE FOR BATTLE
With the larger Multi-Touch display and HD-quality graphics on iPad, you’ll get wider view of the Battlefield and see all the gritty details, too. Plus, the superfast graphic performance of iPad 2 increases the intensity even more!

ENTER THE MODERN BATTLEFIELD
Track 14 single-player missions across 5 deeply detailed battle zones. Capture emplacements in jungle, arctic, and desert environments as you destroy enemies in brutal ground combat and lightning fast aerial warfare. It’s good to be Bad.

MOBILIZE WITH HARDCORE FIREPOWER
Wreak havoc with a plethora of powerful weapons and vehicles. Access an arsenal of up to 14 weapons – from a simple knife to a rocket-propelled grenade. Drive the action with tanks, choppers, and more in state-of-the-art vehicular combat.

ENGAGE ENEMIES WITH 3 DISTINCT CONTROL SETUPS
Use gesture controls with no control buttons visible on screen, or add the virtual fire button, or choose to have both fire button and analog stick. Select the system that suits your preferred fighting style!

ESCALATE WITH FULL-ON MULTIPLAYER
Initiate combat with 6-player action across dedicated maps. Engage in 2-6 player Free for Alls and Squad Deathmatches. The game supports OTA, WiFi, 3G, and Bluetooth Multiplayer. Push invitations to friends to join you in online battles.

Please share....Dont hit and run...SEEEED it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)