Bruce Springsteen - Streets of Philadelphia [promo] (2 ch LPCM + 6ch Dolby).VOB



Very HQ film soundtrack promo music video (vocal track recorded live during the shooting!). "Streets of Philadelphia" is a song written and performed by American rock musician Bruce Springsteen for the first mainstream film on HIV/AIDS in the 1993 film Philadelphia. Released in 1994, the song was a hit in many countries, particularly Canada, France, Germany, Ireland and Norway, where it topped the singles charts.

The song was a critical success and went on to win the Academy Award for Best Original Song and four Grammy Awards, including Song of the Year, Best Rock Song, Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo, and Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television.

This music video for the song, directed by Jonathan Demme and his nephew Ted Demme, begins by showing Springsteen walking along desolate city streets, followed by a bustling park and schoolyard, interspersed with footage from the film. After a quick shot of Rittenhouse Square, it ends with Springsteen walking along the Delaware River, with the Benjamin Franklin Bridge in the background. Tom Hanks is also visible as the lead character he plays in the film, looking on as Bruce begins the final verse.

The vocal track for the video was recorded live during the shooting, using a hidden microphone, to a prerecorded instrumental track. This was a technique, appropriate for emotionally intense songs for which conventional video lip-syncing would seem especially false, that John Mellencamp pioneered in his 1985 "Rain on the Scarecrow" video, and that Springsteen himself had used on his 1987 "Brilliant Disguise" video. Springsteen would go on to use the same technique in his "Lonesome Day" video in 2002.
(video does not have any logos)


   
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streets_of_Philadelphia 
      
http://bayimg.com/EabiGaADJ 
  


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video  : MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 9800kbps
   Audio 1: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Audio 2: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz 6ch 448kbps
   Duration: 00:02:57


*To change the audio in "Media Player Classic", just go to "Navigate" then "Audio Language" and choose between the 2 sources* (there's a delay that happens while the audio is switching between the two sources)




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*       
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
