S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Bulletstorm Proper Read Nfo

24-02-2011........Release Date <-> Protection................g4wl
FPS..................Game Type <-> Disk(s)..............Statement

READ NFO NOTES

Dear Fairlight

If you were right, then of course we would accept your crack fix, but
apparently you wont admit you lost this game

Our g4wl crack is fully working and it does not crash, like you stated
in your crack fix. Our own testers have played through the game with
updated xlive.dll and no crashes. We have done researches and we did
not find people reporting crashes

You stated (did you need it anyways?) about our proper, but yet you
came to us last night and told us, that our proper is 100% valid. Today
you decide to tell the public otherwise - Truely stinks!

You don't accept nukes for false reasons, but apparently crackfixes
with false reasons is allowed

We can live with you winning this game, but you can't live losing it!

To anyone that had imaginary crashes contact us at 0-8000-IMAGINARY

PROPER NOTES

FLT's g4wl emulation makes saves corrupt and also the settings changes
can't be saved

Here you have a working version, as true to the original, with g4wl
fully working

Instead of the need to download whole game once more, you can get the
small sr-bustp.rar with update and proper crack

RELEASE NOTES

Set in a futuristic utopia, an elite peacekeeping force thwarts the
rumblings of civil war. But deception within the ranks has caused two
members of the most feared unit to strike out on their own. Now
stranded on an abandoned paradise, Grayson Hunt and Ishi Sato find
themselves surrounded by hordes of mutants and flesh eating gangs
They survive on two objectives: get off the planet alive and extract
revenge on the man who sent them there

Over-The-Top, Intense Action: Epic Games and People Can Fly deliver a
truly unique and over the top gameplay experience

Unique "Skillshot" Gameplay: rewards players who "kill with skill"
Upgrades System: enables players to pull off even bigger and better
skillshots and earn further upgrades

Massive Boss Battles: People Can Fly bring their unique sense of scale
to Bulletstorm with huge boss battles interspersing the intense action
experience

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack release
2. Mount or burn the image
3. Install using serial: 11111-11111-11111-11111-11111
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5: Delete these two files:

BinariesWin32ShippingPC-StormGame.exe.zdp
BinariesWin32ZdpZdpConfig.xml

6. Update the game with the content from UPDATE folder
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Remember to create a Game for Windows Live offline account to be able
to save

Keep in mind that the FLT saves are not compatible with our version!

If SKIDROW.dll gets caught by your antivirus program, don't worry about
it

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision

Enjoy