Welcome to Vanity Pack
----------------------

This pack adds some vanity to your Burnout Paradise experience.

Be sure to read the disclaimer fully. You'd be wise to make backups
of game folder and savegame, just in case. Remember: Backups are
your friend.


Included Features
-----------------
- 27 Community finishes
  Watson Burnout Roadster - Burnout Hints Roadster by Mr_bingley
  Hunter Citizen - Dutch Police mod by Mr_bingley
  Kitano Hydros Custom - Subaru mod by Mr_bingley             
  Carson Inferno Van - DHL Van mod by Mr_bingley              
  Carson Inferno BRT Van - A-Team Van mod by Mr_bingley       
  Hunter Racing Oval Champ - Party mod by Mr_bingley
  Kitano Touge Criterion - Vanity Pack mod by Mr_bingley
  Krieger PCPD Special - Carbon mod by Hellcopa
  Hunter Extreme HotRod - Carbon mod by Hellcopa               
  Hunter Citizen - FBI mod by LeMansRacer                     
  Kitano Hydros Techno - Drivers Ed mod by LeMansRacer         
  Rossolini Tempesta GT - Tempesta Dream GT mod by S-J        
  Hunter Civilian - Ubuntu mod by Jordanwb                    
  Hunter Olympus - No Vinyl mod by Rich0G007
  Carson GT Concept - Punisher mod by RichOG007
  Hunter Reliable Custom - No Vinyl mod by RichOG007
  Carson Annihilator - Demo Car mod by eLOs
  Hunter Civilian - Microsoft mod by hazard96
  Nakamura Ikusa Samurai - HKS mod by kaese88
  Jansen P12 - All Your P12 Are Belong To Us mod by slashcammas
  Carson Annihilator - Muscle mod by ouerbacker
  Carson Annihilator Phoenix - General Lee mod by ouerbacker
  Carson Fastback Special - Sporty mod by ouerbacker
  Hunter Oval Champ 69 - Hunter mod by ouerbacker            
  Jansen Toy P12 - Ribbit mod by smilingfrog
  Carson Toy GT Concept - Toy GT Flame mod by smilingfrog      
  Jansen P12 - mod by udreamibuild
- Not included
  Hunter Civilian - Taxi mod by RichOG007

- Pedestrian Vehicles
  Selectable while online, even in races! (The Swedish Racing Mod)

  A selection of the following is available:
  Trucks
  Trailers
  Buses
  Vans
  Pickups
  Taxis
  SUVs
  Minivan
  Station Wagon
  Saloons
  Civic
  Limo

- Custom Pedestrian Vehicle Names & Information

- Sponsor Vehicles
  Now for the PC!

  A selection of the following is available:
  Jansen P12 Diamond
  Kitano Micromania Custom
  Nakamura B'z Ikusa GT
  Kitano Gamestop Sport
  Hunter BestBuy Oval Champ
  Carson Circuit City Hot Rod
  Krieger Walmart WTR
  Carson "Steel Wheels" GT
 
- Non-paintable Bikes Unlock
  This unlocks bikes that could not be repaired or painted. If
  you could not select all country variations of the Nakamura
  Firehawk GP Competition then you've run into this defect in
  the original game. This patch unlocks those bikes.

- Customized Menu Graphics
  Not much here but some branding.

- Customized Paradise City Graphics
  Spiced up surroundings including:
  Burnout Hints billboard by Mr. Yeah
  Billboards
  Road Signs

- Horns
  Use this one wisely! Don't be a pest.

- Flames and Hovering
  Add flames to your vehicle, or all vehicles. A few vehicles can
  also hover, including:
   Hunter Takedown 4x4 Toy Car
   Carson GT Nighthawk
   Nakamura Firehawk GP Competition Toy Bike

- Off-road Mode (experimental)
  That's right! You can now drive off-road in pretty much any spot
  that you can reach by jumping or by showtiming. Beware of water,
  though!
  Is this the closest thing to Big Surf Island on the PC?
  (i.e. driving pretty much anywhere off-road)

- Stealth Mode (experimental) and Takedown Battles
  A stealth mode has been added. Using this mode you will be able to
  turn off player names above vehicles and map markers. It can be used
  together with the new Takedown Battle custom challenges to make a
  new game mode. The new challenges are:

   2 Player Freeroam Challenge 49: Billboard Top 10
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 10 Burnout Billboards.
       Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                    As a team get 10 Takedowns in Downtown Paradise.
                    Who will be crowned the takedown king?

   3 Player Freeroam Challenge  2: Driver Destruction
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 1 Burnout Billboard.
      Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                   As a team get 20 Takedowns in Palm Bay Heights.
                   Who will be crowned the takedown king?

   4 Player Freeroam Challenge 14: Billboard Intro
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 1 Burnout Billboard.
      Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                   As a team get 40 Takedowns in Downtown Paradise.
                   Who will be crowned the takedown king?

   5 Player Freeroam Challenge 24: Smashing!
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 2 Burnout Billboards.
      Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                   As a team get 60 Takedowns in Palm Bay Heights.
                   Who will be crowned the takedown king?

   6 Player Freeroam Challenge 47: Billboard Hunt
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 5 Burnout Billboards.
      Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                   As a team get 80 Takedowns in Downtown Paradise.
                   Who will be crowned the takedown king?

   7 Player Freeroam Challenge 50: 4 Billboards
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 4 Burnout Billboards.
      Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                   As a team get 90 Takedowns in Palm Bay Heights.
                   Who will be crowned the takedown king?

   8 Player Freeroam Challenge 32: Billboards... Go!
                                   INDIVIDUAL: Smash 5 Burnout Billboards.
      Vanity Pack: Takedown Battle
                   As a team get 100 Takedowns in Downtown Paradise.
                   Who will be crowned the takedown king?

- Automatic Backup of Savegame
  Vanity Pack makes a backup of your current savegame with every run.
  If you don't want this, start it with a "/n" switch and no backup
  will be made.

- Steam Support
  As far as we know, Vanity Pack is now compatible with Steam.


Competition
-----------

A competition was launched with the initial release of Vanity Pack.

See the "Burnout Paradise the ultimate box for pc" or Burnout Hints
forums for more information. The competition ended on March 5, 2010.

The winner was Ouerbacker who found all ten objects.


How To Install
--------------

Unpack the installer archive to a folder outside of the game folders and run
VanityPack.exe. If you need to re-run the full installation for some reason,
first remove any vanity.yaml file next to VanityPack.exe. This file holds some
installer preferences that speed up future runs. You will lose any vehicle
editor preferences, however.


How To Use
----------

VanityPack.exe has to be run before starting the game executable every time
the game is played if you desire some of the dynamically added features. The
game is still playable if you don't run VanityPack.exe but you simply won't
have access to all its features. It is recommended to quit VanityPack before
you quit the game at the end of your gaming sessions.

Where are the new vehicles?
* Sponsor vehicles are found at the end of the regular Paradise Cars list
* Community vehicles are found with their respective vehicle in Paradise Cars,
  Online Cars and Boost Specials lists
* Pedestrian vehicles are found in the Online Cars list when you are online

How to use fusion in the Vanity Pack vehicle editor?
* Browse a vehicle in the junk yard (Finish 1 is not eligible unless the vehicle
  has only one finish)
* Activate fusion selection in the vehicle editor
* Select a second vehicle to fuse with in the vehicle editor
* Browse another finish of the vehicle
* Browse the original finish that was the target of fusion
* Select the vehicle, colors and play the game

NOTE: Before you try fusion, it is recommended you make a backup of your
      save game. Restoring a save game backup can break the fusion if you
      can't get the method described below to work.
NOTE: The vehicle finish that was the target of fusion will show up under the
      other vehicle the next time you browse vehicles in the junk yard. E.g.
      if Finish 3 of the Cavalry was fused with the Extreme Hot Rod then Finish
      3 of the Cavalry will show up as a second finish under the Extreme Hot Rod.
NOTE: It can happen that if you change fusion sources around that all finishes
      of the target vehicle become unselectable in the junk yard. If this happens
      you will have to redo the fusion and then break the fusion by browsing the
      fused vehicle in the junk yard, browse another finish under the same vehicle
      and while doing so change the fusion target back to the original value
      before browsing another finish or vehicle.
NOTE: Not much testing has been done on bikes or on fusing cars and bikes, so
      tread carefully.


Known Issues
------------

- Vanity Pack requires UAC to be enabled. If you run the executable but don't
  see an installer GUI, please activate UAC before trying again. There have
  been reports of the process not being able to be killed. If this happens,
  restart Windows and try again after having activated UAC.

- Running the game after installing Vanity Pack might trigger Anti-Virus
  software to question the executable. The changes therein are limited to
  modding the game startup logo, a custom road name and horns activation.
  The game executable can be replaced with the original executable after
  installation if you so choose. You will only lose out on the above
  features for now.

- If the boost flames setting is changed from All Vehicles while the current
  vehicle is in hover mode then the vehicle might get stuck in hover mode and
  its wheels start wobbling. Hey, nice feature! ;-)

- Only the vehicles mentioned in the features section above support hovering.
  For other vehicles you will just see the camera move.

- If you land in water in off-road mode, your screen will go black. Turn off
  off-road mode to respawn normally. The same can be done to get out of off-road
  areas that you can't showtime your way out of. If you land upside down in
  off-road mode you can turn off off-road mode to get back on your wheels, or
  in the worst case start a showtime session.

- If you enter a junk yard with off-road mode turned on, you could end up
  inside the junk yard with no way to get out. Showtime or crashing might
  get you out, if you're lucky. Alternatively you could use the WTR with
  zero gravity to get you out.

- It takes a while to toggle stealth mode. The player names above vehicles
  appear/disappear right away, but the patching to map marker graphics can
  take a few seconds. When completed the vehicle editor will show "Off!" or
  "On!" instead of the normal "Off" or "On". Depending on your graphics card
  you might have to ALT+TAB out of the game and back into the game for the
  map markers to pick up the change. Some testers have reported that the
  map markers never disappear.

- The new takedown battle challenges has a few known side effects.

  If the host does not have the Vanity Pack, Vanity Pack players will be able
  to complete their part of the host's billboard smashing challenge by
  performing a single takedown in the area mentioned in the takedown challenge,
  i.e. Palm Bay Heights or Downtown Paradise.

  If the host does have the Vanity Pack, players without the Vanity Pack
  might not be able to complete their part of the host's takedown challenge
  regardless if they smash billboards or get takedowns in or outside of the
  area mentioned in the takedown challenge.

  There is currently no automatic syncing of stealth mode setting between
  players. Please follow the host's direction on whether or not to turn
  stealth mode and/or traffic on or off in order to make the game play fair
  to everyone.

- If you drive the Hydros Micromania Custom, or even display it in the junk
  yard, while in an online room the game might crash for people who doesn't
  have Vanity Pack installed. Please don't abuse this.
  An obvious solution is to have all your friends install Vanity Pack.
  A workaround solution is to quickly scroll past the Micromania icon in the
  junk yard without letting it drop down for display.

- If you have a non-ASCII character in your Windows user name, such that the
  path to your savegame folder contains it, Vanity Pack might not play nice.
  A possible, untested, solution could be to use junction.exe from Microsoft
  to create a junction to the savegame folder and use that path in Vanity Pack.

- If you close the game before Vanity Pack at the end of your gaming session,
  you might get an error message output in the vanity.log file. This is normal.


Version Log
-----------

1.0 (Ant) - Initial release

1.1 (Ant) - Windows XP installation fix
            More robust dynamic vehicle list lookup
            Improved Steam support
            Minor defect fixes

1.2 (Ant) - Fixed defect in Bike patch (it should be working properly now)
            Added four new community finishes
             * Hunter Racing Oval Champ - Party mod by Mr_bingley
             * Hunter Civilian - Taxi mod by RichOG007
             * Carson GT Concept - Punisher mod by RichOG007
             * Hunter Reliable Custom - No Vinyl mod by RichOG007
            Updated junk yard ratings and boost types for pedestrian vehicles
            Enhanced wheel/color/boost/fusion editor (still in beta testing)
            Restored original game graphics
            Minor defect fixes

1.3 (Ant) - Enhanced vehicle editor UI
            Enhanced vehicle editor with additional features
            Created contact sheet with all wheels
            Added new community finishes
             * Hunter Oval Champ 69 - Hunter mod by ouerbacker            
             * Hunter Civilian - Microsoft mod by hazard96 (replacing Taxi mod by RichOG007)
             * Carson Annihilator - Muscle mod by ouerbacker
             * Carson Fastback Special - Sporty mod by ouerbacker
             * Jansen P12 - mod by udreamibuild
             * Kitano Touge Criterion - Vanity Pack mod by Mr_bingley
            The Vanity Pack now creates a backup of the savegame on every run
            Reduced new Vanity Pack size by almost half using patching
            Added error trapping and logging to aid bug fixing
            Minor defect fixes

1.4 (Ant) - Added new community finish
           * Watson Burnout Roadster - Burnout Hints mod by Mr_bingley
           Flames and Hovering
           Minor defect fixes

1.5 (Ant) - Offroad Mode (experimental)
            Stealth Mode (experimental)
            Takedown Battle Freeburn Challenges
            Improved Steam support
            Added new community finish
            * Carson Annihilator Phoenix - General Lee mod by ouerbacker
