I discovered that the only version of this program on the entire web was one huge file that was over 6 hours long that had been passed around and uploaded on every site out there.

I thought about what a pain it was going to be to try to listen to one long 6.5 hour file. What if you lost your place, or your battery died in your mp3 player, how would you ever find your place again? Plus, there were no chapter names, no way to figure out what the contents were, and so on.

So, I went through the file, separated it into individual chapter files, located where the separation was for the 3 parts that the book is divided into, named all the files wih their proper names, created all the mp3 tags, and uploaded it here for everyone on Demonoid.

Hope you all enjoy it....!

Description - 
Discover How to Stop Making Excuses and Start Taking Action Now to Get Everything You Want in Life… Guaranteed

Now You Can Use Simple, Proven Techniques to get whatever you want in life, Money, Success, Self-confidence, Prestige, anything is possible...

Dear successful friend,

Why is it that some people are wildly successful, while other more talented and gifted people wallow in mediocrity?

What is the real secret to being successful?

In my many speaking engagements around the world, I often begin my presentation with a simple question.

I'll ask the audience, "How many people here would like to double their income?"

As you might guess, most of them smile and raise their hands. Then I ask, "How many people here would like to lose weight? Get out of debt? Achieve financial independence?"

Once again I get a big round of smiles and eager hands go up. Then I say, "Wonderful! You all have great goals."

You all want to make more money, spend quality time with your families, be fit and achieve financial independence.

Not only do you all want the same things, but you know what it takes to achieve them. And someday you intend to do them. Someday you'll get your finances together... 

Someday you'll make more money... Someday you'll spend more time with your family... Someday you'll achieve your goals and realize your dreams... Someday!

Wake up and smell the coffee! 

You're living on Someday Isle. And what's worse is 80% of the population is living there alongside you.

Listen, this is Survivor "Real World." If you don't vote yourself off of 'Someday Isle,' you're doomed to spend the rest of your life there—because someday never comes. 

I can show you a safe way off the Someday Isle but first… 

But let's start at the beginning…
I'd like to share my personal story with you so you know where I'm coming from.

You see, I started off as a young man, thinking the world owed me a living.

I certainly didn't come from money. In fact, it was rarely even discussed at home because there was none.

As a result of my limited thinking, I slaved away at hard labor jobs in construction and factory work for years before I finally got it. 

Essentially, I would show up, usually late, and leave, usually early. I thought, by just showing up and punching my card, my success would be guaranteed. 

If only I could just hang in for another 30 years until retirement. Then I'd be on easy street. Talk about limiting thinking— I was the king.

Quote:
There are a thousand excuses for failure but never a good reason.

—Mark Twain

Boy was I wrong. It took years before I discovered how to really succeed.

One day something happened which changed my life forever. 

As I sat shivering in my tiny apartment, on a freezing cold minus 35 Degree F night, it suddenly occurred to me that "This is my life, not a dress rehearsal."

A light bulb went off in my head. I looked around at my small one room apartment and considered the fact I hadn't even graduated from high school. 

The only work I was qualified to do was manual labor.

What an eye-opening moment for me.

At that moment I knew things were going to have to change in my life, and it would be up to me.

In other words, unless I was going to change, nothing in my life ever would.

I realized over time, I could no longer blame a situation on my difficult childhood or mistakes I had made in the past. 

I was in charge. I was in the driver seat. I had to "Stop Making Excuses!"

This simple, yet shocking revelation changed my life forever. 

From that moment on, I started accepting more and more responsibility for living my life.

Instead of only doing the minimum to get by, I now accepted full responsibility for everything from my finances, my health, and especially my future.

The very next day, I marched down to the local bookstore during my lunch break, picked up a used book, and begin a lifelong practice of buying books, information ideas, and lessons that could help me.

I dedicated my life to self-improvement and continuous learning in every way possible.

And, I stopped making excuses.

Over 80% of People do this everyday…
Over time, I learned that fully 80% of the population never accepts complete responsibility for their lives. 

The consequences of this "Stinkin" thinking, however, can be disastrous. You can destroy all your hopes for success and happiness in your life.

Imagine self-sabotaging your dreams and then turning around and blaming everything around you, but yourself. Now that's foolish thinking. 

Yet this is how most people go through life. No wonder the world is messed up.

What about your family and friends? How do your constant excuses affect them?

What are you teaching your children about life?

Like I said, after studying this for years, I found 80% of people live this way.

I'm here to tell you that "It's got to stop now." And you are the only person who can stop it.

Okay so you have 2 choices…

1. You accept the reality of this and vow to do something about it now.

OR

2. You continue on as you have, feeling sorry for yourself and acting the "poor me" victim.

You don't have to be a victim!
I've been exactly where you are and I feel your pain. 

But if you'll let me help, we can work out a happy solution for you to get on with your new successful life. 

It all ties into the release of my new book, "No Excuses—21 Ways to Achieve Happiness and Success…The Power of Self-Discipline."

Here a taste of what's in store for you on this exciting call and in my new book.

•The fatal fallacy… revealed why you're just as good as anyone else
•Learn my simple definition of happiness… why negative emotions can stifle your dreams.
•Discover the real cure to negative emotions… how accepting responsibility can quickly neutralize negativity.
•Revealed, the Law Substitution… the art of replacing negativity with positive, happy thoughts. No woo-woo stuff here, just the facts
•Learn the real antidote to anger… how to be happy and stress-free.
•Exposed to 3% factor… this is so simple, yet 97% of people miss it
•Discover the homing pigeon principle… you don't need to know how to get there. You just have to start
•The 7-step method of achieving your goals… accomplish 10 times more than you ever thought possible.
•Try the 10 goal exercise… stop worrying about "how" and discover your "why"
•Release the awesome powers of "Mind Storming"… dramatically increase your likelihood of success when you unleash this powerful creative thinking technique. It never fails
•How the Law of Cause and Effect can make or break you… this is so simple yet always overlooked. You'll kick yourself for not realizing it before.
And that's just the beginning.

What's Holding You Back?
If you are like most people, you've had enough BS in your life. Remember, I've been there myself.

The broken dreams, the heartache of defeat, the constant cycle of highs and lows, the missed opportunities…let's stop the insanity now.

Just like brakes stop your car from moving forward, the excuses you make put the brakes on your goals and dreams. 

Lack of self-discipline can freeze you with fear. Like a deer caught in the headlights, you can't decide which way to run.

But here's the thing. 

You're not alone. Thousands of people have been right where you are now. The only difference is they made a conscious decision to take back control of their lives. And their financial futures.

These same people discovered the secret of self-discipline and propelled themselves to successful futures for them and their families. 

They learned to stop making excuses and replaced their indecision with Action.

Don't you deserve to have a life full of opportunity? 

Wouldn't you love the power to follow through on your goals?

Wouldn't your family benefit from the security of knowing you can make it happen for them?

How will your use your new found power and freedom? 

Could a big promotion or a new business be in your future?

Is your financial independence just around the corner?

Listen, if I can change, so can you. But you have to want it. You have to be willing to stretch a little. I'll show you how.

Obviously if what you've been doing till now hasn't got you where you want to be, or if you've always felt deep down inside you deserve better…then won't you allow me to help you now?

Let's work together to make…

No More Excuses
In my new book, I will reveal the simple secrets I learned to help you conquer your excuse making and lack of self-discipline once and for all. 

Plus in my exciting new book I'll also reveal…


•The 7-Step Method to Achieving Your Goals— this will enable you to accomplish 10 times more and 10 times faster.
•A Super Powerful 10 Goal Exercise— One of the most potent goal achieving methods I've ever seen
•The Explosive Power of "Mindstorming"— Yes I mentioned it before, but I've never witnessed a more powerful creative thinking method. You're going to love it
•How To Flex Your Earning Muscle— Like a champion body builder you can pump up your financial earning muscle…I'll be your personal trainer
•How to Join the Coveted ranks of Financial 1%ers— learn how 33% of America's wealth is controlled and how you can gain the inside track to real wealth
•3 Simple Steps to Being the Best You can be— follow these religiously to join the top 20% of achievers in your industry 
•How 2 Hours a day can catapult you to the top— I'll show you the secret to easily take back your time and reach your goals faster
•A proven 7 Step formula to increase your output by 1,000%— It's super simple and it works for everyone, even you Guaranteed!
•How To Blow Away Your Biggest Fears once and for all— when you use my killer technique you will be unstoppable
•Proactive VS Reactive— which one should you be? Decide the best strategy for you
•How to Instantly increase your Self-Esteem— use this powerful technique to become 10 feet tall and bullet-proof
Plus much more than I've got room for here.

So, are you beginning to get the picture? 

Wouldn't you like to have more self-discipline in your life today?

How will you act when your self-esteem is at an all-time high?

What will your life look like when you stop making excuses and become Unstoppable?

Imagine having the power to set your biggest goals and go after them confidently knowing you will succeed. Your family will notice the difference right away.

But here's the thing.

As you stop making excuses and start enjoying your new power, you'll wonder why you never put the awesome power of self-discipline to work sooner 

Your boss and coworkers will look up to you as a natural leader.

If you own a business, your employees will admire your strength. And customers will be drawn to you like a magnet. They will beg you to do business with them.

Your sales will skyrocket and you'll finally be in a position to call your own shots. 

You will have discovered the potential to work less and earn more. You'll walk tall and proud as your competitors turn green with envy. 

So what will you do now? Continue to hide your head in the sand? How's that been working for you?

Or will you step up to the plate and get ready to start hitting a few homeruns?

It's Your Move
I've divided the book up into 3 easy to use sections. After the introduction you can dive right in to the section you want to improve first.

Here they are. 

1.Self-Discipline and Personal Success — Uncover your personal potential 
2.Self-Discipline in Business, Sales and Personal Finances— Essentials of taking control of your money
3.Self-Discipline and the Good Life— How to practice what you've learned in the areas of happiness, health, fitness and marriage, children and friendship to attain total peace of mind.

Each of the 21 chapters in this audiobook shows you how to be more disciplined in one aspect of your life, with end- of-chapter exercises to help you apply the "no excuses" approach to your own life. With these guidelines, you can learn how to be more successful in everything you do - instead of wistfully envying others who you think are just "luckier" than you. A little self-discipline goes a long way...so stop making excuses and listen to this audiobook!


Enjoy and Seed!!