Ricky Gervais~Out Of England {2008}

Ricky Gervais, award-winning star of the acclaimed series "The Office" and "Extras," has garnered three Emmy Nominations for his stand-up special Ricky Gervais: Out Of England – The Stand-up Special. The nominations included Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Special and Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Special (Ricky Gervais). "This is particularly special for me, as it is my first Emmy nomination for my stand-up work," says Gervais. Ricky Gervais received an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for HBO's "Extras", which received seven other Emmy nominations. Gervais also garnered two Golden Globes, along with Stephen Merchant, as creators of the BBC comedy series "The Office" and "Extras". In addition to a Golden Globe, "The Office" received BAFTA and Peabody Awards, among many other honours, and was subsequently seen in more than 100 countries, as well as inspiring the hit American series of the same name. "The Office" continues to be the most successful British comedy of all time. Taped before a live audience at the WaMu Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City, Ricky Gervais: The Stand-up Special debuted on HBO in November 2008 and featured material from his three sold-out British stand-up tours. Gervais has also been seen in such feature films as "For Your Consideration", both "Night at the Museum" movies and "Ghost Town". His upcoming movies include "The Invention of Lying", which he co-wrote and co-directed with Matthew Robinson and "Cemetery Junction". Gervais is the only British actor to write and star in "The Simpsons". Gervais' other comedy ventures include a hit series of podcasts, also featuring Merchant and Karl Pilkington, which earned a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records for the most downloads. The hit podcast series is now being made into an animated series for HBO. Ricky Gervais: Out Of England - The Stand-up Special was written and executive produced by Ricky Gervais; producers, Pat Tourk Lee and John Moffitt; directed by John Moffitt.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1320293/

Thanks For Downloading!

Please Seed!

~Wolftatt2~