              BananaGlue.GmbH.iNet.Pro.Network.scanner v2.0.2.iPad          
                                                                             
                          Release Date : 2010-12-15                         
                              Nfo Date : 2010-12-15                           
                                                                               
          Num. Disks : xx/5                        OS : iPhone/iPod Touch       
            Nfo Time : 13:37                 Rel Type : Crack                  
             Cracker : Team Lz0PDA            Archive : lz0*.zip               
              Packer : Team Lz0PDA             Rating : Your choice            
            Supplier : Team Lz0PDA           Language : English                
          Protection : DRM                                                     
                                                                               
        Requirements : Jailbroken iPhone or iPod Touch                         
       Publisher URL : http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/id305242949              
           Publisher : None                                                    
                                                                               
                (-)  Keyfile / License          (-)  Emulator                  
                (-)  Patch                      (-)  Serial                    
                (x)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (-)  Retail                    
                (-)  Keygen                     (-)  Trainer                   
                (-)  Loader                     (-)  Other


Description

iNet Pro was ranked in the US-iTunes in March 2010 as "New and noteworthy", in April 2010 in category "Whats hot". iNet provides you with information about networks your iPhone or iPod touch ist connected to. Its very easy and user friendly design even allows the unexperienced user to get a profound and understandable overview of a network and the running services.

In the current release of iNet we implemented the following features:

- Network scan
- Ping
- Bonjour browser
- Portscan
- Device info
- Wake on Lan
- Sleep on Lan (Macintosh only)
- Extensive help section
- Send scan results via email

Scan Network:
iNet shows the devices connected to your local network, e. g. a computer or router, along with their name, IP and vendor. iNet discovers and distinguishes between windows and macintosh computers with different icons. For most Apple Computers the particular computer model can be seen. Find out the name, vendor and IP of the connected devices as well as the number of running Bonjour services on that particular device. A classic portscan on the choosen device can also be performed.

The technology used in iNet scans on a very low level, therefore one can even find machines that don't want to be found, for instance a Mac OS X computer running in stealth mode.

Ping:
Ping is a computer network tool used to test whether a particular host is reachable across an IP network or not. The ping section in iNet enables you to find out if an IP exists (if its ping service is enabled; otherwise you will get no response :-)). For your convenience we added a bookmark function to store often needed addresses.

Bonjour browser:
Bonjour, also known as zero-configuration networking, enables automatic discovery of computers, devices, and services on IP networks. Bonjour uses industry standard IP protocols to allow devices to automatically discover each other without the need to enter IP addresses or configure DNS servers. The Bonjour-Browser in iNet scans the connected local network for Bonjour services, detecting any hardware that ist connected via the Bonjour protocol (for instance computer, router, printer, ...) and any software running Bonjour services, e. g. iTunes or Filemaker.

Wake on lan:
The outstanding feature of our implementation is that it is very easy to use and simple to setup. For more information see iNet WOL, our stand-alone tool for WOL.

Portscan:
Applications on devices communicate with the outside world through so called TCP ports. iNet detects wether a port is open or closed. A quick portscan is available after performing a network scan and a more complex portscan can be initiated via the main menu. Here one can choose between predefined portlists, single ports and port ranges and use saved device addresses. For all detected open ports the service using this port is displayed by its real name (if available).

Device Info:
The device info in iNet shows some information related to your iPhone or iPod touch, e. g. its name or its IP.

Future:
The modularisized structure of iNet allows to add more features and scanning methods in the future. We will implement by time more network monitoring tools, e. g. DNS-Querys, Traceroute, Whois lookup etc.. iNet Pro will be updated on a regular basis.

If you want to know what's going on in your local network - iNet for iPhone gives you a profound answer.


What's New in Version 2.0.2

-Version 2.0.2
[Fixed] Bug that could lead to crash during network scans
[Fixed] Network history not showing correctly


Install via iTunes


Screenshot:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/labjmaadg.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/mabjaaadg.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/mabjbaadg.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/mabjcaadg.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/mabjdaadg.jpg