Philosophy: A Guide to Happiness (2000)

A self-help guide which applies the teachings of philosophers to dealing with life's everyday problems.



Quality six-part series written and presented by Alain de Botton, based on his book The Consolations of Philosophy, originally broadcast on Channel 4 in 2000 then released on dvd.

A GUIDE TO HAPPINESS explores how philosophy can help people lead happier, more fulfilling lives. The six-part series illuminates how philosophies of the past still have relevance, meaning and impact today. Charismatic writer and TV personality Alain de Botton talks to people across Europe about the ideas Socrates, Epicurus, Seneca, Montaigne, Schopenhauer and Nietzsche, and visits the ancient ruins, beautiful castles, crooked streets and narrow alleys to see where each of these great philosophers lived.



E01 - SOCRATES ON SELF-CONFIDENCE
What did Socrates (470-399 BC) mean by 'searching for the truth,self-knowledge', and his dialectic method, and how does Alain de Botton extrapolate these concepts into our lives in the 21st Century?

E02 - EPICURUS ON HAPPINESS
Epicurus, an ancient Greek philosopher who lived from 341-270 BC, believed that 'friends,freedom, and thought' are the path to happiness. What kind of happiness was Epicurus seeking – and is this still relevant today?


E03 - SENECA ON ANGER

What practical guide can we adopt from the principles developed by Roman philosopher Lucious Annaeus Seneca (4 BC-65 AD) to accommodate the stresses and dangers of his era?

E04  - MONTAIGNE ON SELF-ESTEEM
French thinker Michel de Montaigne lived in 16th-Century France, long before modern psychology developed and the expression 'self-esteem' was coined. In what ways was this contemporary psychological concept central to his worldview? (Note: not available in Widescreen because of flagged material.)

E05 - SCHOPENHAUER ON LOVE

Arthur Schopenhauer believed that love is the most important human striving because of its powerful impulse toward 'the will to life'. What light does Alain de Botton shed on the irony of an unhappy 19th-Century philosopher probing the subject of love?  

E06 - NIETZSCHE ON HARDSHIP
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) advocated suffering and the overcoming of hardship as good aspects of life.  Why and how did Nietzsche advocate difficulty as necessary for worthwhile life achievements?


