This is a Release of Megamind (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.5GB
This Release Includes:
- Megamind (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-Filmmakers Commentary (mp3)
	-Meet The Cast Of Megamind
	-Deleted Scene
-Megamind Front & Back DVD Covers
That’s the WHOLE Megamind DVD Ripped for you to ENJOY featuring ALL THE EXTRAS! Please seed. Thank you…vladtepes3176

PLOT: Megamind is a 2010 computer-animated superhero comedy film directed by Tom McGrath. It was produced byDreamWorks Animation and Red Hour Productions, and distributed by Paramount Pictures.

CAST:
Will Ferrell as Megamind, a brilliant supervillain and alien who is a supervillain-turned-superhero and parody of Lex Luthor and Brainiac.
Brad Pitt as Metro Man, Megamind's former arch-enemy and rival, a superhero and parody of Superman.
Tina Fey as Roxanne Ritchi, a news reporter, parody of Lois Lane and slowly into Megamind's love interest (formerly Metro Man's).
Jonah Hill as Hal Stewart/Titan, the hapless cameraman of Roxanne Ritchi, for whom he has unrequited feelings for. His name is a reference to Hal Jordan and John Stewart, two members of the Green Lantern Corps.
David Cross as Minion, a sapient talking fish and Megamind's sidekick and primary henchman since childhood.
J. K. Simmons as Warden, the no-nonsense head of Metro City Prison.
Ben Stiller as Bernard, a museum curator who Megamind impersonates in order to win Roxanne's affections.
Justin Theroux as Megamind's father.
Christopher Knights as a prison guard.
Tom McGrath as Prison Guard.
Jack Blessing as Newscaster.
Jessica Schulte as Megamind's mother.
Joey Dinitere as Baby Megamind.
Noah Dinitere as Baby Metro Man.


DETAILS:
English
95 Minutes
IMBD: tt1001526

Product Description
“A smart, funny and original treat,” Michael O'Sullivan, The Washington Post, DreamWorks Animation’s Megamind puts a whole new hilarious twist on the superhero movie.
Super villain Megamind's (Will Ferrell) dreams have come true when he conquers the city's protector Metro Man (Brad Pitt) gaining control of Metro City. But when a new villain (Jonah Hill) is created and chaos runs rampant, the world's biggest "mind" and his comic sidekick Minion (David Cross) might actually save the day. With an all-star cast - including Tina Fey - and amazing animation, Megamind is packed with high-flying action and non-stop laughs.
PLEASE SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176
