** I pride myself on uploading rare and bizarre comics when i can track 
them down. Well, this WTF - inspiring comic takes the cake. Comic Book 
Resources recently recommended this old and rare comic. After finding it
and reading it I was left thinking ... WTH did I just read?? **

From CBRs Recommendation:

The New Adventures of Hitler

Lest you think that title is some sort of ironic joke or that the book doesn’t 
actually involve the person mentioned in the title, much in the same way Joyce’s 
Ulysses isn’t about the Greek hero (at least not on the surface) let me assure 
you, this is a comic book about the Adolf Hiter.

Morrison’s story is based on a (extremely dubious) claim made by Adolf Hitler’s 
sister-in-law Bridget Dowling that the future leader of the Third Reich had 
lived with her, her husband, Alois, and their young son in Liverpool, England, 
for a brief time between 1912 and 1913. Morrison’s story runs with that 
premise and imagines a shiftless and down on his luck Adolf roaming through 
the Liverpool streets, consulting with fortune tellers and generally 
embarrassing his family, who consider him a slacker doomed to forever 
sponge off relatives while dreaming of grandeur.

Now, lest you have any fears at this point that Morrison portrays Hitler 
in anything resembling a sympathetic manner, allow me to put them to rest. 
The Hitler portrayed here is little more than a hallucinating (early on in 
the story he opens his closet to find Morrissey there singing “Heaven Knows 
I”m Miserable Now”) madman and buffoon, albeit a dangerous one since, for 
all his bizarre behavior and paranoia, he quickly grows to understand how 
to best exploit people’s basic needs and fears in order to serve his own 
mania for power and make the world fit his view of how things should be. 
No, this story is not some awkward attempt to “understand” the most hated 
man in the world but more of a warning to modern readers about how Hitler 
was one man in a long line of certain types of people are always ready to 
take advantage of the rest of us if we allow them to

** Scan quality isnt the best on this oldy **

?Enjoy? and Please SEED