Granny Likes big Black Cock DvdRip.avi

Description: 
Granny Likes Big Black Cock Too + My Best Friend's Grandma is a colossal two film compilation of some of the filthiest mature woman porn around! Halloween night sees one horny granny sucking black dick before the well cooked bird gets a rough stuffing in her ageing minge and arse. There's also a scene of feisty lesbian dildo, strap-on and pussy licking action when a group of horny grannies enjoy a cosy four-way orgy on the bed! A group of sexy sixty year old plus swingers front a superb group scene with cocks filling pussies all over the place as these horny golden oldies get their fill. A hot blonde grandma asking for help to cross the road leads a young man off to the bushes where she chokes on his todger before he puts his dick in her hole. Not one to miss an opportunity he takes her back to his office for a suck and fuck session which sees her pussy well and truly banged. Next up is a group scene where four horny matures in a porn studio get fucked by a hairy white guy. Then there's a deep and sloppy blowjob and a frantic pussy plugging in the next scene when a sexy brunette granny gets a rough stuffing from a hung black stud! A finger in her anus warms up one grandmother’s tight arsehole before it gets demolished by a young stud. An older brunette uses a dildo on her gash before a deep and satisfying dicking from her hubby on the sofa! There's plenty more filth to keep you entertained including younger babes, lesbian action and group escapades. At over 60 and still wanting cock, these old babes suck dick, eat cum, and take it in the ass like there's no tomorrow! (Please note the running time is just under seven hours and some of the scenes are interspersed with graphic trailers for adult chat-lines)

Tags: Blowjobs, Mature, Oral, Straight, Anal, Hairy

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-EF6D_4E508B97.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-786B_4E508B97.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-0049_4E508B97.html