Microsoft Security Essentials Beta

Title	MSE Public Beta
Release Date	11/29/2011
Size	19.91 MB
Version	4.0.1111.0
Category	Build

Welcome to the Microsoft Security Essentials Beta program!
 
The Beta program has started!
 
 You can now sign in and download the Beta from theMicrosoft Security Essentials Beta website.
 
The Beta program is a fully functional antimalware app with ongoing updates to help protect your PC from viruses, spyware, and other malicious software.  In addition to ongoing virus and spyware definition updates, we’ll provide software updates to the Beta for download through Microsoft Update on a periodic basis. To have these updates installed automatically, you must be subscribed to Microsoft Update with preferences set toAutomatically download and install new updates. Learn moreabout automatic updates through Microsoft Update.
 
During the Beta, you’ll receive additional emails from Microsoft inviting you to participate in optional surveys. These surveys provide us with important feedback that will help improve future versions of the product. Your participation makes a difference!
 
At the end of the Beta program, participants who are subscribed to automatic updates through Microsoft Update will be upgraded to the released version of Microsoft Security Essentials. Instructions for manually upgrading to the released version will be included in an email that you’ll receive at the end of the Beta period. Please note that to continue receiving technical support, you’ll need to upgrade or install the final version of Microsoft Security Essentials once it’s released.
 
Thanks again for participating in the Microsoft Security Essentials Beta program.
 
Best regards,
The Microsoft Security Essentials Team


-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft respects your privacy. Please read our online Privacy Statement.

You are receiving this email because you are a participant in a Microsoft Connect beta program. You can end your participation in a program at any time by visiting the Product Directory (http://connect.microsoft.com/directory/) page and choosing \\\\\\\'quit\\\\\\\' for that program.