DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

The American middle class is disappearing, and our obtuse emphasis on growth rather than stability ensures this. Economic collapse is only accelerating the privatization of essential resources like water. Economic globalization will exacerbate planetary decline and create poverty for at least 80 percent of Americans (and those in developing countries).

Environmentalist and writer Richard Mosey shows why scientists are woefully incapable of competing with corporations in a public relations and legislative war. He explores the role of corporations in creating a debate where no debate exists, and he exposes the professional and academic global warming deniers and the funding sources that inspire their research.

The book also explores how globalization will accelerate regional and international conflict through competition for essential resources and the unprecedented migration that occurs when water and other needs run out. American consumption patterns outstrip the rest of the world's but even with the economic crash there is no significant slowdown in sight. The author looks at why our indebted society will keep spending money it doesn't have, and ponders the human compulsions driving this behavior.

Neither the Democrats nor Republicans in Washington can survive without large amounts of corporate largesse because of the staggering amount of funding involved in running for and remaining in office.

Windows of opportunity are closing rapidly and, unfortunately, are likely to slam shut before we muster the necessary national or global political will to take serious measures to address the unfolding crises. The recent American and global economic meltdown, while serious, pales in comparison to the catastrophic dangers if climate change is allowed to spin out of control. The increasingly desperate scientific reports will almost certainly be ignored or played down scientists are woefully outgunned in the battle for media coverage.

The book begins with views of respected scientists discussing their fields of expertise, looks at demographic trends in the developed and the emerging economies, and lays out the implications for our future, the massive expenditures and unimaginable sacrifices that will be required when the truth of the situation becomes clear.