Varg Veum - Svarte Får  2011 Multisubs DD5.1


Nederlands:       

Noorwegen
Misdaad
90 minuten

geregisseerd door Stephan Apelgren
met Trond Espen Seim, Lene Nystrøm en Bjørn Floberg

Privédetective Varg Veum komt erachter dat hij weinig weet van zijn nieuwe 
vriendin Karin. Al snel blijkt dat zij een zwart schaap in de familie heeft. 
Het betreft haar aan heroïne verslaafde zusje, die om aan geld te komen als 
prostituee werkt. Als Karin en de privédetective de zus weten te bevrijden uit 
de greep van een machtige pooier, zint de man op wraak.

 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/75632

English : Revieuw
Varg Veum - Black Sheep is an anemic affair marked by heavy replica 
management, supervisory and dramatic music and predictable action. Although 
the sex scene between Seim and Nystrom lacks erotic spark.
That said, so does the interaction between the detective and his girlfriend 
Kristin okay. It is not their credibility on the stand. Nor it is almost old 
marital relationship between Veum and the police investigator Hamre.

The problem is that the script idea sounds like a collection of chewing 
through the lines of the other Varg Veum films. The plot from Gunnar Staalesen 
original novel is naturally squeezed together into a new matter. But in this 
round a lot of the the excitement is lost.

The plot spins around Veum's girlfriends sister. Her sister is a prostitute, 
and through her discovered shady actions, drug dealing, pimping and other 
criminal activity. But even the Swedish director Stephan Apelgren, do not get 
the story to hang together well enough. Some action scenes have splash, but 
most of this is strangely tame. 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1699164/


Spotinformatie

Categorie      : Beeld 
Formaat        : DVD5  
Audio          : Norwegian DD 5.1
Bron           : From the net
Ondertitels    : Swedish/Norwegian//Danish//Finnish//English And Dutch by 

Friemke
Extra's        : No
Menu           : No
Genre          : Crime
Cover          : Ja 
 
Brought by TBS