Don't forget to seed after you've grabbed this. Do not cut and run.

As soon as the full-time whistle was blown in the semi at Vicarage Road, memories of Dan Hipkiss scoring at Twickenham came flooding back. It truly was a remarkable finish to 2009/10 as the Tigers, trailing 26-27 with just minutes remaining, crossed from a penalty kick restart. The segment of Leicester fans amidst the 81,600 in attendance on May 29 went wild and the rest is history. So when the semi-final schedule was fathomed out, there was always a longing for Northampton and Gloucester being defeated so as to set up a Twickers repeat. That they were, and we therefore have 80 minutes of nervous tension, with both teams fresh from a weekend off due to not making the Heineken Cup Final in Cardiff.

Leicester are the pre-game favourites and one would give an accepting shrug to the bookmakers' decision there. They did finish the regular-season top. However, Saracens are a side that cannot be underestimated - not least this year - and I am very tempted to predict a victory for them.
Richard Wigglesworth and Neil de Kock have already tossed a coin for selection on the day and in truth, the same could be done for the match result. It really is anyone's in London. That aforementioned coin toss results in the only change from the semi-final, with De Kock starting the match. Hugh Vyvyan is among the replacements and if he takes to the field it will be appearance number 238 for the second-row - setting a new Premiership record. "We're really looking forward to the game after a good week of preparation. We know that concentration and mental strength will be very important as finals can be decided by very small margins," said Saracens Director of Rugby Mark McCall. "Leicester have a great record of reaching finals and as a club, we have a huge amount of respect for them. We go into the game in a good place with some good results behind us and an understanding among the team as to what their roles are and what they need to do in order to win rugby matches."
Meanwhile, Tigers Director of Rugby Richard Cockerill includes sixteen survivors of last season's final in the squad, including back-rower Craig Newby who leads out the team. There is only one change of personnel in the starting line-up from the hard-fought semi-final victory over Northampton, with Horacio Agulla named on the right wing, allowing Matt Smith to move to inside centre in the absence of the suspended Manu Tuilagi.

Head-to-head: Two tries in the Guinness Premiership final last season did not mask the disappointment of missing out on the trophy for Ernst Joubert, but he has a second bite of the cherry this week. Up against him will be England hopeful Jordan Crane. These two carry the ball superbly, and with Thomas Waldrom waiting in the wings, the battle at number eight should thrill those at Twickenham for the full 80 minutes.

Form: Leicester, who will play in a seventh successive Premiership final, are chasing an eighth crown and a tenth league title. Leicester are also attempting to tie Wasps in gaining three consecutive Premiership final wins. The Tigers have topped the Aviva Premiership Rugby table since round 12 and overcame Northampton at Welford Road in the semi-final. Saracens have now reached back to back Premiership finals and are out to obtain a first ever title and will be hoping to add to their one previous piece of major silverware; the 1998 Tetley's Bitter Cup. Sarries are in the midst of their best ever Premiership run of eleven successive wins and another win would put only Leicester ahead in this category, when they recorded 17 wins on the bounce in 1999-2000. Saracens achieved a first ever league double over the Tigers this season, but Leicester won the two clubs only previous encounter at Twickenham, 33-27, twelve months ago. The Tigers also took the only other final they have played against Saracens: 27-20 after extra time in a 2003 Zurich Wildcard.

Aviva Premiership Final Betting Odds: Leicester 4/7, Draw 20/1, Saracens 11/8

Prediction: It feels like Saracens' time. Two wins already against the Tigers this season and I expect a third on Saturday, but only just. Sarries by 4!

The teams:

Leicester: 15 Scott Hamilton, 14 Horacio Agulla, 13 Matt Smith, 12 Anthony Allen, 11 Alesana Tuilagi, 10 Toby Flood, 9 Ben Youngs, 8 Jordan Crane, 7 Craig Newby (capt), 6 Tom Croft, 5 George Skivington, 4 Steve Mafi, 3 Martin Castrogiovanni, 2 George Chuter, 1 Marcos Ayerza.
Replacements: 16 Rob Hawkins, 17 Boris Stankovich, 18 Dan Cole, 19 Ed Slater, 20 Thomas Waldrom, 21 James Grindal, 22 Jeremy Staunton, 23 Billy Twelvetrees.

Saracens: 15 Alex Goode, 14 David Strettle, 13 Chris Wyles, 12 Brad Barritt, 11 James Short, 10 Owen Farrell, 9 Neil de Kock, 8 Ernst Joubert, 7 Jacques Burger, 6 Kelly Brown, 5 Mouritz Botha, 4 Steve Borthwick (capt), 3 Carlos Nieto, 2 Schalk Brits, 1 Matt Stevens.
Replacements: 16 Jamie George, 17 Rhys Gill, 18 Petrus du Plessis, 19 Hugh Vyvyan, 20 Andy Saull, 21 Richard Wigglesworth, 22 Nils Mordt, 23 Noah Cato.

Date: Saturday, May 28
Kick-off: 15:00 (14:00 GMT)
Venue: Twickenham
Referee: Wayne Barnes
Assistant Referees: Dave Pearson, Stuart Terheege
Television match official: Graham Hughes 