Shrimad Valmiki Ramayana -BalaKanda[Team Nanban][TPB]

About Valmiki:



"Valmiki" (during Lord Rama's time) is celebrated as the poet harbinger in Sanskrit literature. 

He is the author of the epic Ramayana, based on the attribution in the text of the epic itself.

He is revered as the Adi Kavi, which means First Poet, for he discovered the first sloka i.e. first verse, which set the base and defined the form to Sanskrit poetry.

The Ramayana, originally written by Valmiki, consists of 24,000 verses in seven cantos (some say six i.e. excluding the Uttara Ramayana) (Kandas). 

The Ramayana tells the story of a prince, Rama of Ayodhya, whose wife Sita is abducted by the demon (Raakshasa) king of Lanka, Ravana. 

The Valmiki Ramayana is dated variously from 500 BC to 100 BC, or about co-eval with early versions of the Mahabharata.

As with many traditional epics, it has gone through a long process of interpolations and redactions, making it impossible to date accurately.



SHORT DESCIPTION ON Shrimad Valmiki Ramayana -BalaKanda:

Dasharatha was the king of Ayodhya. He had three queens and they are Kausalya, Kaikeyi and Sumitra. 

He was childless for a long time and, anxious to produce an heir, he performs a fire sacrifice known as Putra-Kameshti Yagya. 

As a consequence, Rama is first born to Kausalya, Bharata is born to Kaikeyi, and Lakshmana and Shatrughna are born to Sumitra. 

These sons are endowed, to various degrees, with the essence of the God Vishnu; 

Vishnu had opted to be born into mortality in order to combat the demon Ravana, who was oppressing the Gods, and who could only be destroyed by a mortal. 

The boys are reared as the princes of the realm, receiving instructions from the scriptures and in warfare. 

When Rama is 16 years old, the sage Vishwamitra comes to the court of Dasharatha in search of help against demons, who were disturbing sacrificial rites. 

He chooses Rama, who is followed by Lakshmana, his constant companion throughout the story. 

Rama and Lakshmana receive instructions and supernatural weapons from Vishwamitra, and proceed to destroy the demons.Janaka was the king of Mithila. 

One day, a female child was found in the field by the king in the deep furrow dug by his plough. 

Overwhelmed with joy, the king regarded the child as a "miraculous gift of God". 

The child was named Sita, the Sanskrit word for furrow. Sita grew up to be a girl of unparalleled beauty and charm. 

When Sita was of marriageable age, the king decided to have a swayamvara which included a contest. 

The king was in possession of an immensely heavy bow, presented to him by the God Shiva: whoever could wield the bow could marry Sita. 

The sage Vishwamitra attends the swayamvara with Rama and Lakshmana. 

Only Rama wields the bow and breaks it. 

Marriages are arranged between the sons of Dasharatha and daughters, nieces of Janaka. 

The weddings are celebrated with great festivity at Mithila and the marriage party returns to Ayodhya.




I WILL POST ALL THE KANDAS ONE BY ONE...

PLZ SEED THIS DIVINE TORRENT AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE..

YOU WILL BE ONE OF THE GOOD PEOPLE WHO SPREAD THE MESSAGE OF RAMAYANA THROUGHOUT THE WORLD...

THIS TORRENT IS NOT RESTRICTED TO HINDUS ONLY...

ANY ONE CAN SPREAD GOOD MESSAGE IF THEY HAVE NICE, PEACEFUL HEART..

PLZ SEED GUYZ...

THANK YOU..