


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 25 - TransHumanism  Genetic Manipulation







POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 25 - TransHumanism  Genetic Manipulation


Description:



Tom Horn - Transhumanism, Science Supernatural Conference:

This lecture, delivered before a reside audience in Canton, Ohio in 2010, is primarily based on research in the upcoming new book Forbidden Gates: How Genetics, Robotics, Synthetic Intelligence, Artificial Biology, Nanotechnology, and Human Enhancement Herald the Dawn of Techno-Dimensional Spiritual Warfare. This investigation reveals for the very first time how breakthrough innovations in science, engineering, and philosophy—including cybernetics, bioengineering, nanotechnology, device intelligence, synthetic biology, and transhumanism—will combine to generate thoughts-boggling game-modifications to every thing you have ever before known about spiritual warfare.

How so? In recent many years, astonishing technological developments have pushed the frontiers of humanity toward far-reaching morphological transformation that guarantees in the quite in close proximity to long term to redefine what it means to be human. An global, intellectual, and rapidly-increasing cultural motion identified as transhumanism intends the use of genetics, robotics, artificial intelligence, and nanotechnology (Grin technologies) as tools that will radically redesign our minds, our reminiscences, our physiology, our offspring, and even perhaps—as Joel Garreau in his very best-marketing book, Radical Evolution, claims—our extremely souls. The technological, cultural, and metaphysical shift now underway unapologetically forecasts a potential dominated by this new species of unrecognizably exceptional people.

This analysis also reveals for the very first time how breakthrough developments in science, engineering, and philosophy—including cybernetics, bioengineering, nanotechnology, device intelligence, synthetic biology, and transhumanism—will merge to produce brain-boggling game-modifications to everything you have at any time known about spiritual warfare. How so? In recent decades, astonishing technological developments have pushed the frontiers of humanity toward far-reaching morphological transformation that guarantees in the very in close proximity to long run to redefine what it implies to be human. An international, intellectual, and quick-expanding cultural motion recognized as transhumanism intends the use of genetics, robotics, synthetic intelligence, and nanotechnology (Grin technologies) as tools that will radically redesign our minds, our reminiscences, our physiology, our offspring, and even perhaps—as Joel Garreau in his best-marketing guide, Radical Evolution, claims—our extremely souls. The technological, cultural, and metaphysical shift now underway unapologetically forecasts a long term dominated by this new species of unrecognizably outstanding people,


Techno-eugenics for the neo-feudal age:
"Ye shall be as God", or so the story goes.

«We need a program of psychosurgery for political control of our society. The purpose is physical control of the mind. Everyone who deviates from the given norm can be surgically mutilated. The individual may think that the most important reality is his own existence, but this is only his personal point of view. Man does not have the right to develop his own mind. We must electronically control the brain. Someday armies and generals will be controlled by electric stimulation of the brain.»
Dr José Delgado, Yale University Medical School
Congressional Record,
No. 26, Vol. 118 February 24, 1974

«What is called for here is not genocide, the killing off of the population of incompetent cultures. But we do need to think realistically in terms of the 'phasing out' of such peoples. Evolutionary progress means the extinction of the less competent.
Survival of the fittest, extinction of the unfit. This is the way to a better world.»
Prof. Richard Lynn (2004), "A Review of 'A New Morality from Science: Beyondism'", Irish Journal of Psychology, 2.

-------------------------------------------------

Transhumanism was founded in the 1950s by top eugenicist Julian Huxley and the Rockefeller Foundation, as a new brand name for the pseudoscience of Eugenics. Its obsession for culling off the 'genetically inferior', while at the same time striving to promote dominance for the 'superior' had given Eugenics a bad name, particularly after the Nazi brand of Eugenics created the Holocaust, during WWII. Sadly, what most people didn't know at that time was that Nazi eugenics was merely the full-blown application of the principles that had been developed and were openly espoused by the British, French and American Eugenics Societies.

So, Eugenics lived on, under many, heavily funded formats, one of them being Transhumanism. By and large, Transhumanism proposes to use applied science in the fields of genetics, robotics and others, to 'steer human evolution into the future'. A Transhumanist society will have, as its name implies, 'transcended humanity'. In such a society, human beings will have been replaced with hyper-efficient worker chimeras, bio-robotic warriors, and other purpose-made humanoid life forms.

These stated goals must be tied in with the bigger picture into which Eugenics and Transhumanism fit into. These fields have never been limited to 'science' per se -- they've always been primarily political and economical, and they reflect a very particular view of the world.

Under that view, the planet has limited resources, and technological advancement under free market systems cannot be trusted to overcome those limitations (one of the many Malthusian fallacies and myths) -- therefore, control must be exercised over the users of resources, to avoid any over-usage of those resources. To exercise that control, eugenicists believe they have to shut down development, and create an heavily regulated social and economic environment. In that controlled environment, those people who are alive must also be economically efficient -- i.e., produce more than they consume. So, on the one hand, the intelligentsia feels it needs to get rid of the 'wrong' sorts of people (the masses of 'unfit', 'unemployables', 'junk genes'), through techniques such as famine, abortion, sterilization, or euthanasia. On the other hand, the workers that will be allowed to go on into the future will have to be made into incrementally more 'efficient' humans -- which will eventually imply robotic add-ons and genetic-engineering.

This is none other than the worldwide, dehumanized, hyper-efficient 'hive society', that was advocated by eugenicist Charles Galton Darwin in "The Next Million Years". Or, "Our Benevolent Feudalism", as eugenicist William J. Ghent put it, in his portrayal of the techno-fascist global society that, he said, would eventually be ushered in, using the combined power of finance and science. And, of course, it was also explained in romanticized form in the "Brave New World" of Aldous Huxley, who was none other than the brother of Transhumanism founder, Eugenics Society chairman, Julian Huxley.

A neo-feudal, technocratic, new world order. That's what Eugenics and its offspring Transhumanism, strive for. A system under which you will not just lose your physical rights to independent living (and that is happening right now as this video plays), but you will also be engineered to lose your very soul. Since, as Charles Galton Darwin put it, you will be nothing more than a good worker, which includes being engineered to have the right beliefs, or no beliefs at all.

That is the final and most serious note of mental and spiritual disease behind this incredibly selfish and hypocritical paradigm.
And that is why it must be stopped.


KATHERINE ALBRECHT – On The Brink Of The Mark:
This documentary is an eye opener for us to understand the dangers of technology that currently exists on Earth. The documentary examines the chips through the Revelation of John in the Bible. Although not drawn to religion and religious dogmas have to accept that some things in the Bible prophecies are quite clear. Christians have their share of justice;)
Advocate Katherine Albrecht is the leader of consumer resistance in terms of supermarket loyalty cards and RFID chip implantation (Radio Frequency Identification). In this presentation sensational, Katherine gives us the information and tools we need to be aware in order to combat the system.


MikeHoggard - Watchman Video Broadcast 4-17-11:
Topics:
   Strange Markings on Glenn Beck,
   Human-Animal Hybrids,
   Building BRICS of the New World Order,
   They Sold Their Souls for Rock and Roll,
   … and much more.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

 (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS  

          