 http://bayimg.com/eaEdPaaDJ

Meantime (TV 1984) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082727/

Meantime is a 1983 film directed by Mike Leigh, produced by Central Television for Channel 4. It was shown at the London Film Festival in 1983 and on Channel 4 a few weeks later, on 1 December. According to the critic Michael Coveney : The sapping, debilitating and demeaning state of unemployment, the futile sense of waste, has not been more poignantly, or poetically, expressed in any other film of the period.

  Marion Bailey  ...  Barbara  
  Phil Daniels  ...  Mark  
  Tim Roth  ...  Colin  
  Pam Ferris  ...  Mavis  
  Jeffrey Robert  ...  Frank (as Jeff Robert)  
  Alfred Molina  ...  John  
  Gary Oldman  ...  Coxy  
  Tilly Vosburgh  ...  Hayley  
  Paul Daly  ...  Rusty  
  Leila Bertrand  ...  Hayley's Friend  
  Hepburn Graham  ...  Boyfriend  
  Peter Wight  ...  Estate Manager  
  Eileen Davies  ...  Unemployment Benefit Clerk  

The film details the travails of a working-class family in London's East End, struggling to stay afloat during the recession under Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's premiership. Only the mother Mavis (Pam Ferris) is working; father Frank (Jeff Robert) and the couple's two sons Colin (Tim Roth), a timid, chronically shy individual, and Mark (Phil Daniels), an outspoken, headstrong young man, are on the dole. This situation is contrasted by the presence of Mavis's sister Barbara (Marion Bailey), and her husband John (Alfred Molina), whose financial and social loftiness, in suburban Chigwell, appears to be a comfortable facade over the unspoken soreness of a lacklustre marriage. Gary Oldman makes his film debut as the quirky skinhead Coxy.

One day at the rehearsal space, a factory in Homerton, Roth and Oldman were throwing a milk bottle around. Suddenly Roth threw it up and it hit a fluorescent lighting strip. Leigh saw,  Gary's shaven head erupt into a thousand red blotches; in the film you can see the stitch marks. He rushed Oldman to hospital. As I drove him there, all done up in his skinhead stuff, covered in blood, Gary said to me, For fuck's sake, tell 'em I'm an actor! He could easily have lost his eyesight in the accident, and I do not know to this day what I would have done if that had happened.

