xk3nvel0x presents:

Panda Internet Security 2011



Description:



Protect your identity while you are browsing

Protect your PC and your networks against viruses and other threats

Chat and use the mail without worrying about online fraud or spam

Back up your data in case you have problems with your PC

Protect your family against Internet threats with Panda Internet Security 2011.

Panda Internet Security 2011 is the security suite that lets you use the Internet for everything, like shopping and banking online, with total peace of mind and without interruptions.

It protects you from viruses, hackers, online fraud, identity theft and other known and unknown threats.

It also keeps your inbox spam-free, and allows you to surf the Web privately and securely with the new Panda Safe Browser. Your children will navigate safely on the Internet with the improved Parental Control.

Enjoy maximum protection against all kinds of Internet threats with Panda Internet Security 2011.


Maximum Protection

The Panda Cloud Technology offers a new protection model based on a user community where everyone contributes. Your computer will always be updated and protected. Additionally, your PC won’t limit detection capabilities as Panda’s huge virus detection database is located on the Internet (Cloud).



Minimum Impact

Panda Internet Security 2012 dramatically reduces resource consumption as the malware database is on the cloud, not in your PC. Also, its lightweight protection minimizes performance impact.


Easy to use

Its intuitive interface is perfect for all types of users. Access all the information that you need with just one click.




Requirements:


Processor: Pentium 300 MHZ or faster

RAM:
  128 MB without TruPrevent
  512 MB with TruPrevent (1 GB recommended)

Hard Disk: 275 MB free space

MS Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher


Supported Operating System:


Windows 7 (32-bits and 64-bits)

Windows Vista (32-bits and 64-bits)

Windows XP (32-bits)



Supported Browsers

Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 or above

Mozilla Firefox 2 or above

Google Chrome