Black.Anal.Beauties.3.XviD-PORNOLATiON

Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=fxk6n8x0ese5dnmfn29o.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=20hgzrgv8neps3g0jh6p.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=jnzut9astnfn9ucn82b8.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=pmzigsbts3az05ir4s6a.jpg


Starring 
Persia, Leilani Leeanne, Jade Nacole, Myesha Nicole, Mike Adriano


In porn circles, director Mike Adriano is commonly perceived as a master of POV camerawork and intimate, perverse, close-up butt sex. In the black community, he's also known as 'the luckiest white boy alive'! That's because Mike recruits the finest, sluttiest and tastiest bootied black girls for his 'Black Anal Beauties' series for the Buttman Magazine Choice line of ass-flavored niche videos. In 'Black Anal Beauties 3,' he's trained his lens on four gorgeous Nubian ass whores who treat Mike's big Caucasian cock to the best in oral and anal service, and these sluts don't shy away from the nasty ass-to-mouth action.

Veteran ebony porn princess Persia jiggles her plump booty and licks the director's anus before getting down to some serious ass fucking, her sphincter gapes for our inspection. Leilani Leeanne is a gorgeous, light-skinned, all-natural teen from the California desert. She releases her phat, soft buttocks from tiny cut-off jean shorts before swallowing Mike's meat pole. Leilani gets her lubed-up ass well sodomized, then licks the director's cum from her manicured fingertips. Jade Nacole is a chocolate-brown sweetheart with a cute smile and big, full blow job lips that she uses to good effect on Mike's tool. The curvy, natural beauty rides his prick until he shoots his load on her big, shiny rump.

Voluptuous Myeshia Nikole struts her gigantic ass on Mike's home treadmill and vibrates her clit while he reams her rectum. Myeshia's bouncy, greasy butt gets splattered with hot semen. 'Black Anal Beauties 3' shows that interracial lust goes both ways.

This is the only Myesha Nicole video.  