
,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,

....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....

Symantec Network Access Control v11.0.6300.803

Released on 05/26/11 for exclusive usage by
members of the release scene. This isnt something
to share with your school mates and not for sale.
Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it

Company ..: Symantec
Url ......: http://www.symantec.com

Release Information

Symantec Network Access Control 11.0 is network
security software that controls access to corporate
networks, enforces endpoint security policy and
easily integrates with existing network
infrastructures. Regardless of how endpoints
connect to the network, Symantec's award-winning
network security solution discovers and evaluates
endpoint compliance status, provisions the
appropriate network access and provides automated
remediation capabilities.

Install Notes

1. Unpack & Install

Group Notes

Currently, we have open positions to fill:

- You are a advanced cracker, and you are
interested to work on challenging software
protections, including retail (non public)
supplies, and/or iso utils.

You are familar with the common crypto
algorithms, or you are able to defeat commercial
software protection systems, such as Armadillo,
ASProtect, FlexLM, etc.

- You work at a software distribution place,
electronic store, software magazine, or any other
place where you are able to get fresh, unreleased
copies of applications, be it the mainstream, or
the more special stuff. Or if you have access in
any other way to registered user areas or such to
obtain retail software, which you are able to give
as a supply - be it for internal use only, or for
release usage.

- You work at a ISP, University or any other company
with at least 50mbit up/down and are able to
provide/share this connection for our usage.
People with an upstream below 50mbit do not need
to apply.

- You are able to provide hardware for our internal
usage.

- You are useful in any other way.

If one of the above fits your qualifications, do
not hesitate to contact us by mail/msn at:

dvthush.ai

when contacting via MSN, please make sure to have
OTR (http://www.cypherpunks.ca/otr/) installed,

Signed,
- TEAM DVT -

(( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha

