Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate is a 6-in-1 PDF converter to convert PDF to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, HTML, Images and Text on 32bit/64bit Windows 7/Vista/XP OS. It supports batch conversion and the fastest speed to convert PDF to Office. It can convert PDF files with high output quality, images, graphic and tables will be preserved precisely from PDF to other formats.
Best Convert PDF to Word ConverterAll contents including original formatting, graphic objects and hyperlinks, even tables could be reserved accurately from PDF to Word with Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate.Easy PDF to Excel Converter It can easily convert PDF to Excel in two methods. If the users want to extract only data tables, Partial method is the right choice; otherwise, the whole PDF will be converted to Excel with text content and number data.Cute PDF to PowerPoint Converter PDF Converter Ultimate allows converting PDF to PowerPoint to present PDF files in PowerPoint. It converts each PDF page into one PPT slide, so, there is no need to reformat the converted PowerPoint slides.Convert PDF to HTMLHyperlinks in PDF will be preserved active from PDF to HTML ebooks with Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate.Save PDF to Images in 5 Types FormatSimpo PDF Converter Ultimate supports to extract Images from PDF and save PDF to Images in 5 types - PDF to JPEG, PDF to TIFF, PDF to BMP, to PNG and to GIF.Convert PDF to Plain TextSimpo PDF Converter Ultimate can extract plain text content from PDF files and save as .txt documents.



Features:

-Easy-to-use Interface:
The interface of Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate is simple and easy to use. You can just import a batch of PDF files with drag and drop function, then click \"Convert\" to get wanted output file formats - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, HTML, Text and Images.

- Accurately Convert PDF to Word:
Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate can convert PDF to Word accurately. It preserves all contents including original layouts and formatting of text, tables and hyperlinks, even graphic objects like Curve, Shape and Rectangle are also retained precisely from PDF to Word.

-Easy Convert PDF to Excel:
PDF Converter Ultimate provides 2 methods to convert PDF to Excel - Reserve PDF tables and Reserve whole PDF. Reserve PDF tables means that you can extract original text and numbers in PDF tables from PDF to Excel spreadsheet. Reserve whole PDF allows saving the whole PDF to Excel, text, numbers, tables and formatting. In addition, PDF Converter Ultimate supports to export PDF to Excel as .xls, .xlsx and .csv format.

-Precisely Convert PDF to PowerPoint:
Demonstrating a PDF file is not easy, but you can convert PDF to PowerPoint, which allows presenting slides to the audience conveniently. PDF Converter Ultimate converts PDF files to PowerPoint slides by page, every PDF page is converted to one PowerPoint slide.

- Convert PDF to HTML Retaining Bookmarks:
PDF Converter Ultimate supports to preserve hyperlinks and bookmarks from PDF to HTML to make the reading of HTML ebooks easier and more comfortable.

-Convert PDF to Image:
With PDF Converter Ultimate, it is much easier to extract images from PDF and convert the entire PDF to Image. It also allows you to save extracted images from original PDF file with 5 types - PDF to JPEG, PDF to TIFF, PDF to BMP, PDF to PNG and PDF to GIF. These are the top 5 used images types which can fulfill your need.

-Convert PDF to Text:
PDF Converter Ultimate works as a PDF to Text converter to convert PDF to plain text as well. Just choose Text as output file format, all text content will be extracted in seconds with text original formatting saved precisely.

-Best and Time-saving PDF Converter:
Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate is the best of many PDF converters.
1) Its output quality is top-grade and conversion speed is the fastest; 
2) Convert PDF in two ways - Partial and Batch. Partial means that you can extract any specific pages from a multi-page PDF file; 
3) Batch is a time-saving way, as you can convert batch of PDF files at a time; 3) Support encrypted PDF files. Directly convert PDF files with printing and copying restrictions and convert open-password protected PDF files with entering password first; 
4) Support multiple output file formats - Microsoft Office Word 2003/2007/2010(.doc, .docx), Excel 2003/2007/2010(.xls, .xlsx, .csv), PowerPoint 2003/2007/2010(.ppt, .pptx), HTML format (.html), Text format(.txt) and Images format(.jpg, .tiff, .bmp, .png, .giff)

This software is with registration key! 


How to register?
When installation is completed, Open Simpo PDF Converter Ultimate!
A window will pop-up asking for registeration!
Fill in the Registeration e-mail and key (both are given in torrent)
Click OK
Now you are good to go!
