It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia - Season 6


Series Synopsis: 

The series follows "The Gang", a group of five depraved underachievers, siblings Dennis and Deandra "Sweet Dee" Reynolds, their friends Charlie Kelly and Mac, and their father, Frank Reynolds, who run Paddy's Pub, a run-down bar in South Philadelphia. They are dishonest, egotistical, selfish, greedy, unethical, lazy, manipulative, deceitful, maniacal, diabolical, hypocritical, immature, antagonistic, and arrogant, and are often engaged in controversial issues. Episodes usually find them hatching elaborate schemes, conspiring against one another or others for personal gain, vengeance, or simply for the pleasure of watching each others downfall. Their tactics often rely on inflicting emotional and sometimes physical pain on individuals both deserving and undeserving. They regularly use blackmail and manipulate one another and others outside of the group.
Their unity is never solid; any of them would quickly dump the others for quick profit or personal gain regardless of the consequences. Almost everything they do results in competition between them. Despite their lack of worldly success, the Gang generally maintain high opinions of themselves and display an often obsessive interest in their own reputations and public images. Despite this high sense of self worth, the Gang often have little sense of shame when attempting to get what they want and will often engage in activities which others would find humiliating, disgusting, or even absurd, such as smoking crack cocaine in order to qualify for welfare, seducing a priest, or hiding inside a leather couch in order to spy on someone.
The Gang also display a penchant for substance abuse as all of them drink heavily, while several of them have abused other drugs including cocaine (in both powdered and freebase-rock form), marijuana, psychedelics, prescription pills, poppers and household inhalants such as glue and spray paint.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It's_Always_Sunny_in_Philadelphia
