 http://bayimg.com/OakDGaaDn

Sonny (2002) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0305973/

Sonny is a 2002 film starring James Franco, Harry Dean Stanton, Brenda Blethyn, Mena Suvari and Josie Davis. Director Nicolas Cage has a small cameo role. Sonny was co-produced by Cage's production company Saturn Films.

James Franco as Sonny 
Brenda Blethyn as Jewel 
Harry Dean Stanton as Henry 
Mena Suvari as Carol 
Seymour Cassel as Albert 
Josie Davis as Gretchen 
Nicolas Cage as Acid Yellow 

Sonny Phillips (James Franco) spent his youth man-whoring. I'D BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR. His mother Jewel (Brenda Blethyn) is a small-time madame who taught him everything he knows. The film opens in 1981 as Sonny returns to his home in New Orleans after a stint in the army. He's determined to leave the gigolo life behind him and enter the world of the squares, but Jewel's career is in rapid decline—she has only one prostitute on the payroll,named Carol (Mena Suvari)—so she manipulates her boy to return to the family business. At 26, Sonny's getting long in the tooth for the gigolo business, though, and can't help but recognize how Jewel's life with her longtime beau, a thief named Henry Wade (Harry Dean Stanton), is headed for a dreary dead-end. 

Sonny is Nicolas Cage's directorial debut. Chief among its problems is the script, the first written by John Carlen, who'd go on to write television movies with titles like Easy Prey (1986) and Sworn to Justice (1993). Carlen wrote the script in 1977 and it languished unproduced for 25 years. Carlen was a gigolo himself during his youth, and the script is loosely based on people he knew. The result is a confused mess that hammers its emotional moments too hard in order to assert a coherence that isn't there.

Cage and Carlen are up to the task of showing the mundane details of a gigolo's life. Cage indulges his actors far too much.  The only absolutely engaging performance is Harry Dean Stanton's. No surprise there. During his long career, he's proven himself more than capable of consistently beautiful work regardless of the quality of the project. His Henry Wade is appropriately weary, careworn, but somehow noble. Stanton keeps the character grounded in reality, plays his scenes with an eye for fine detail, and pays close attention to his fellow actors. Too bad the movie isn't worthy of him.

