Bliss, Season One (Canadian, 2002)

Bliss is a Canadian-produced erotic anthology TV series, adapting short stories written by women, and directed by women.  Like a true anthology series, the episodes are completely standalone, with no continuing characters (or even themes beyond erotica).

The series is unique in one regard: unlike other erotic TV series, Bliss was designed for, and aired on, network TV (and basic cable in America); naughty modesty is the aim of the show, with no content that would be considered pornographic.  Created in Canada, the show meets the broadcast standards of Canadian TV, with brief toplessness being shown occasionally; Oprah Winfrey's Oxygen Network aired the show in the US.

The original broadcast order is as follows:

   1. "Valentine's Day in Jail" 21 March 2002 - Guest stars: Torri Higginson, Adam Beach
   2. "Six Days" 21 March 2002 - Guest stars: Michele Duquet, Callum Keith Rennie
   3. "Guys and Dolls" 21 March 2002 - Guest stars: Jenny Levine, Peter Wingfield
   4. "The Value of X" 21 March 2002 - Guest stars: Tara Spencer-Nairn, Paul Lemelin, Rachelle Lefevre, Jason MacDonald
   5. "Voice" 28 March 2002 - Guest stars: Mikela J. Mikael, David Lovgren, Veronica Hurnick
   6. "Leaper" 4 April 2002 - Guest stars: Michelle Lipper, Millie Tressiera, Paule Ducharme
   7. "The Footpath of Pink Roses" 11 April 2002 - Guest stars: Victoria Sanchez, David Pauls, Maurizio Terrazzano, Karyn Dwyer
   8. "In Praise of Drunkenness and Fornication" 18 April 2002 - Guest stars: Gina Wilkinson, Frank Schorpion, Paul Hopkins, Mitsou Gélinas, Peggy Mahon, Daniel Pilon

"Leaper" and "Voice" are episodes with lesbian content.

Each episode is encoded as a separate MKV file, with full title episode.  Epsiode number was not placed in the filename, as the Canadian broadcast order, US airing order, and DVD order all differ... and as an anthology series, this is one case where it doesn't matter in which order you watch the show.
In addition, the original trailer and two documentary vignettes are also included.
