Release Date  :  03/04/2011                Protection  :  Steam
Release Type  :  RIP 40x10.00MB            Company    :  Meridian4

Release Notes

Post Apocalyptic Mayhem lets you race and battle heavily-modified
vehicles through numerous breathtaking tracks and lay waste to other
racers in over-the-top vehicular mayhem. You can use special vehicle
abilities to cause spectacular destruction to enemy cars as you fight
and speed to victory. Youll experience remarkable speeds, hilarious
and violent weapons, reinforced vehicles and various exhilarating tracks

The game offers various intense race modes to allow you to showcase
both your driving and battling skills. PAM features an accessible
physics-based driving model that allows you to sense the immense speed
of all the post apocalyptic vehicles as well as feel every
bone-jarring impact from both weapons and the tracks. Play
single-player or battle up to five friends in online multiplayer mode.

Features:

Vehicles  PAM offers numerous post apocalyptic vehicles. All
the Vehicles are heavily-modified and extremely menacing. All Vehicles
are heavy-duty, reinforced and are able to take and give a lot abuse.
The vehicles all look like they can quickly and easily travel over the
newly scorched wasteland while effortlessly smashing other vehicle
along the way.

Weapons  All of the vehicles have three unique and powerful
abilities that they can use to severely damage opposition vehicles:
one front attack, a side attack and a rear attack. A Player can
receive these special abilities by picking up Special Ability Barrels
that are placed throughout all of the tracks. When a vehicle runs over
a Special Ability Barrel, the vehicle will gain that specific ability
and the Player will be able to use it whenever they prefer.

Multiplayer  Intense Online Multiplayer racing for up to 6
players.

Environments  The PAM tracks will be able to give players
numerous options while racing as well as create intense areas for the
all important collisions. All Tracks will contain:
o Awe-inspiring apocalyptic environments.
o Various paths around certain areas of the tracks.
o Funnel areas were players are forced to drive in close
quarters with other vehicles.
o Huge Jumps.
o Numerous compelling and completely unique tracks.

Achievements  35 Steam achievements to be earned and displayed
proudly.

Online Leader Boards  Every kill, every race and every result
will be recorded and uploaded to online leader boards for bragging
rights and fueled competition.

Languages: English, German, French, Italian, Spanish and Russian

RIPPED: A logo movie file was relinked

Install Notes

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Install by running unl-pam1.exe
3. Start game with PAMMainGame.exe
4. Enjoy

Remember to support quality games
