 http://bayimg.com/nALBaAaDL

Fateless (2005) 

Sorstalanság (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0367082/

Hungarian language with English subtitles

Fateless (Hungarian: Sorstalanság) is a film directed by Lajos Koltai, released in 2005. It was based on the semi-autobiographical novel Fatelessness by the Nobel Prize-winner Imre Kertész, who wrote the screenplay. It is the story of a teenage boy who is sent to concentration camps at Auschwitz, Buchenwald and Zeitz.

Its music was composed by Ennio Morricone and one of its songs was sung by Lisa Gerrard. The film is one of the most expensive movie productions ever done in Hungary (it cost about US$12 million to make).

Lajos Koltai's movie about a Hungarian Jewish boy who survives the Nazi concentration camps made a vivid impression when it premiered at the Berlin film festival two years ago. Viewed again now for its UK release, it seems to me every bit as powerful - as well as moving, superbly acted and very startling in the way it questions the well-intentioned pieties and cliches that we mouth about the Holocaust in order to manage its unending horror.

The director is a former cinematographer who worked with Istvan Szabo on many features, including his 1981 Oscar-winner Mephisto. For his directorial debut he has been intelligently influenced by Spielberg's Schindler's List, but proposes a far more intractable and difficult ending for his own excursion into hell. Koltai's cinematographer, Gyula Pados - a veteran of both Hungarian cinema and commercial Hollywood - has created a harshly bleached-out canvas from which the muted colours gradually and almost unnoticeably bleed out to a glittering monochrome as we leave Budapest and enter the gates of Auschwitz and Buchenwald. Ennio Morricone's score is never reticent exactly, yet neither is it too declamatory.

The story is taken from the autobiographical 1975 novel with the same title by Nobel laureate Imre Kertesz, who has also written the screenplay. Gyuri (Marcell Nagy) plays a 14-year-old boy from a bourgeois Jewish household in occupied Hungary; his family are in deep shock because Gyuri's sensitive father (Janos Ban) has been ordered to report to a forced labour camp. A final, miserable gathering is convened to wish the man luck before he leaves, quite possibly never to return again. Even in private, they feel they have to wear the demeaning yellow star on their clothes. When this not particularly robust man in late middle age experimentally tries on the heavy pack that he will have to wear, in his front parlour in front of all the uncles and aunties, it is unbearable. There is a very uncomfortable personal dimension to the story: Gyuri's mother has bolted from the family home, and when Gyuri is left alone with his stepmother (Judith Schell), his father fears that his errant wife will use his absence to make Gyuri live with her.

There are hypnotically powerful moments. The Nazis curtly demand if any of their prisoners have "musical or cultural" talents to entertain the commanding officers. Four brothers, a singing quartet, artlessly croon a romantic musical number to battered piano accompaniment while the stunned camp inmates, as blank as cattle, listen to something from a now forgotten, meaningless era of happiness and fun.

Like Primo Levi, Gyuri is to find that there is no "why?" in the camps. There is nothing but brutality and sadism. One inmate points to the "U" on his yellow star and declares that it stands not for Ungarisch - Hungarian - but Unschuldig: innocent. Weakly, he laughs at his own entirely ineffective attempt at consolatory humour. Gyuri is put to work carrying sacks of concrete and Koltai has a horribly candid, overhead shot of the crippled, bent boy, cowering, arms tensed for the load, looking up and waiting for it to thumped down on his back by the SS officer: a brutally clear image of power from the receiving end and a poignant reminder of his own father's discomfiture in his front parlour with the back-pack. Gyuri's infected knee gets him sent to a reeking dormitory where he has to pretend his dead bedmate is still alive - to take an extra bread ration.

Fateless asks questions of what survival means, whether it confers not merely guilt but also existential bewilderment, a sense of being historically undead: a living, breathing anomaly. Gyuri is a witness to something whose horror consists in universal destruction, and he is feeling the burden of bearing witness as Koltai shows that Holocaust-denial or at least scepticism is already well underway. Is the survivor entitled to ordinary human happiness - or is this human emotion an act of disloyalty and diminution? These questions are a vital part of this outstanding film's dark and sombre power.

Koltai films this wretched place as a universe where the sun never shines and a tin plate of watery soup is the coin of the realm; his visual ideas can be quietly audacious. The prisoners are made to stand interminably, swaying on their feet as though praying, until the stripes of their uniforms become a hypnotic pattern. Gyuri's nighttime crawl to the latrine is shown as an epic journey through a gray sea of mud.

Fateless will be inevitably compared to Schindler's List and especially The Pianist; while no single scene is as harrowing as the strongest moments in either of those movies, it's more sustained than either. The film is the least plot-driven and the most existential of Holocaust reconstructions, and its 140 minutes seem to pass in a flash. The SS abandons the camp and the prisoners briefly take charge. Suddenly the Americans are there and Gyuri finds himself taking a tram through war-scarred Budapest. For him, it's a sort of waking dream; the citizens regard him as they would a ghost. Running into a childhood friend, he picks up their last, pre- deportation conversation, and asks if she ever did learn what it was to be a Jew. (The answer, of course, is no.)

Kertész's actual title isn't Fateless but Fatelessness—the book evokes a state of being and, like all great writing, is essentially unfilmable. There's no way to fully capture Gyuri's voice—his alertness, good nature, and bizarrely calm Candide-like innocence. Yet as restrained as Koltai is, he sets up the novel's unforgettable ending. Experiencing a shock of homesickness, Gyuri recalls "the happiness of the camps" and wonders if he should tell people about that, "if I don't forget it myself." 

