Bush Tucker Man - Season 3 (2004)

Major Les Hiddins of the Australian Army was born in Queensland and was always interested in Aboriginal customs and practices and how those practices helped a people survive in a hostile environment for thousands of years. When he joined the Army he developed this interest into a skill and put it to good use. Learning how to survive in the Australian bush and then to teach others the same skills. He wrote various survival manuals for the Australian Armed forces and added survival notes to the back of maps used by pilots flying over the Australian bush. In this series of programmes Les shares that knowledge with us, teaching us some of his survival skills and his great respect for the Aboriginal people that taught him.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Join the Bush Tucker Man – Les Hiddins for 8 classic episodes from his popular ‘Stories of Survival Series’. Travelling from state to state the Bush Tucker Man tracks down uniquely Australian tales of survival, mystery and courage. Episodes: Gold Fever, The Great Misadventure, Into the Vilest Country and The Passionate Prussian were first released on Video in 1996.

Released: Wednesday, 05 May 2004
Actors: Les Hiddins
Country: Australia
Audio: Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1 Fullscreen
Transfer Format: 4:3
Video Encoding: Xvid
Audio Encoding: MP3 128kbps
Category: Documentary ABC/BBC
Format: PAL DVD rip
Rating: G
Languages: English
Subtitles: None
Running Time: 216 mins




Episode 1: The Coffee Royal Affair
The first episode traces the Coffee Royal Affair (1929) following the forced landing of Australian hero Kingsford-Smith and the crew of the Southern-Cross aircraft on the banks of the Glenelg river in the far north Kimberley after encountering bad weather. Unable to contact searchers by radio, and ill prepared in terms of survival gear, they had to sweat it out and make do with the meagre food supplies on board and with what they could scavenge in the bush, until found several days later.
One of the aircraft flying in to participate in the search, the Kookaburra, was forced down in the Tanami Desert with engine trouble. It was unable to take off again because of thick scrub and the crew of two, also ill prepared for such an event, perished before help arrived.

Episode 2: The Cannibal Convict
Alexander Pierce escaped the cruel prison colony of Sarah Island, Macquarie Harbour on Tasmania's bleak west coast, in the company of seven other prisoners. In their battle with dense scrub and rough country they found precious little to eat until they turned to cannibalism, eating the weakest in turn. Pierce was the only survivor. He was recaptured, and confessed all, but he was not believed as the authorities thought he has covering for his mates! Returned to Sarah Island, he escaped again with one companion—and ate him too. When recaptured he confessed and he was believed this time. He was tried and hung in Hobart.


Episode 3: The Great Misadventure
The tale of Burke and Wills is re-evaluated and Les speculates how a knowledge of bush tucker may have changed the outcome of this ill-fated party.

Episode 4: The Best of Them All
Follow the footsteps of the determined explorer John McDouall Stuart who became the first European to cross the continent from South to North.

Episode 5: The Dutch Settlement
The evidence for a Dutch settlement in Australia 100 years before the commonly accepted starting date for European settlement.

Episode 6: Gold Fever
Les travels to Central Australia to investigate discoveries that claim to throw new light on the legend of Lasseter's lost reef.

Episode 7: The Passionate Prussian
Retracing Ludwig Leichardt's 1844 expedition from Moreton Bay to Cape York and the Victoria settlement in Arnhem Land and the mystery of his final disappearance.

Episode 8: Into The Vilest Country
Les travels to the cape york peninsula in a manner that contrasts strongly with that of the cumbersome and fatal edmund kennedy 1848 expedition.