When REM signed it's monumental $80 million contract, executives at Warner Brothers were probably hoping for more Losing My Religions and Man on the Moons for years to come. These songs were huge singles for the band but don't expect any hits off Up!
The first post Bill Berry album finds the (now) trio in an experimental mood. From the first hypnotic synthesizer tones of Airportman to the subdued ballad closer Falls to Climb, Up is a maudlin, slow paced effort. It also contains some of the most ambitious music this amazing band has made to date.

Only Daysleeper (the already failed single) and Lotus recall earlier work by the band. The driving Bill Berry beat has been replaced by drum machines and occasional real drums. Outstanding tracks include the Beach Boys tribute "At my most beautiful", the driving Hope (to the tune of Leonard Cohen's Susanne) and the almost positive "Walk Unafraid".

One final warning. Unless you are prepared to sit down and spend some time absorbing this album, don't expect it to grab you by the neck like Out of Time. However if you do love this band and appreciate their past uncommercial efforts, you will find a cornocopia of amazing music on Up. 

by A Costumer

TRACKLIST:

01 - Airportman.wma                                              
02 - Lotus.wma                                                   
03 - Suspicion.wma                                               
04 - Hope.wma                                                    
05 - At My Most Beautiful.wma                                    
06 - The Apologist.wma                                           
07 - Sad Professor.wma                                           
08 - You're In The Air.wma                                       
09 - Walk Unafraid.wma                                           
10 - Why Not Smile.wma                                           
11 - Daysleeper.wma                                              
12 - Diminished.wma                                              
13 - Parakeet.wma                                                
14 - Falls To Climb.wma     

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

DEDICATED TO azza1969