PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716A 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 / 1.05 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 8B39FDC793D82FBDC6202FEB58F7EE1E1F0CD314
File Size: 483.72 MB
Year: 2003
Label: Warner Records
Catalog #: CDW 48545


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band that formed in Los Angeles in 1983. The band's current line-up consists of Anthony Kiedis (vocals), Michael "Flea" Balzary (bass), Chad Smith (drums) and Josh Klinghoffer (guitar). The group's musical style has fused traditional funk with elements of other genres, including punk and psychedelic rock.

The group's original line-up featured guitarist Hillel Slovak and drummer Jack Irons. Slovak died of a heroin overdose in 1988, resulting in Irons's departure.[1] Former Dead Kennedys drummer D.H. Peligro briefly replaced Irons before the band found a permanent replacement in Smith. Guitarist John Frusciante replaced Slovak. This line-up recorded the band's fourth, fifth, seventh, eighth and ninth albums, Mother's Milk (1989), Blood Sugar Sex Magik (1991), Californication (1999), By the Way (2002), and Stadium Arcadium (2006).

Blood Sugar Sex Magik, the group's first commercial success, has sold over thirteen million copies. Frusciante grew uncomfortable with the success of the band and left abruptly in 1992, in the middle of the album tour. His use of heroin increased. After recruiting guitarist Arik Marshall to complete the tour, Kiedis, Flea, and Smith employed Dave Navarro of Jane's Addiction for their subsequent album, One Hot Minute (1995). Although commercially successful, the album failed to match the critical or popular acclaim of Blood Sugar Sex Magik, selling less than half as well as its predecessor. Navarro left the band shortly after the album's release. Frusciante, fresh out of drug rehabilitation, rejoined the band in 1998 at Flea's request. The reunited quartet returned to the studio to record Californication (1999), which sold fifteen million copies - the band's most commercially successful album. That album was followed three years later by By the Way (2002), which was also successful. In 2006, the group released the double album Stadium Arcadium, their first number one album in America. After a world tour, the group went on an extended hiatus. Frusciante announced he was amicably leaving the band to focus on his solo career.[2] Josh Klinghoffer, who had worked both as a sideman for the band and on Frusciante's solo projects, joined as lead guitarist.[3]

The Red Hot Chili Peppers have won 6 Grammy Awards. The band has sold over 60 million albums worldwide, charting eight singles in the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100 (including three in the Top 10), five number one singles on the Mainstream Rock charts, and a record of eleven number one singles on the Modern Rock charts.






Greatest Hits 2003


Greatest Hits is the second compilation album by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on November 18, 2003 by Warner Bros. Records. Aside from their cover of "Higher Ground", all songs on the compilation are from their tenure on Warner Bros. Records from 1991 to 2002, in addition to two newly recorded songs.

Greatest Hits was released along with a separately sold DVD containing most of their music videos from the same time period.

The album was released with Copy Control protection system in some European markets, but not in the United States.

While their first compilation album What Hits!? encompasses material from their 1984 debut to 1989's Mother's Milk, this collection of songs takes off from that point, including material from their 1991 album Blood Sugar Sex Magik up through their 2002 album By the Way. It was during this period of their career that the band became a major commercial force in the music industry. Therefore this compilation includes the majority of hit singles released since their breakthrough cover of Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground" (also included on What Hits!?). "Higher Ground" from Mother's Milk, an album released by EMI Records, is included on this compilation through contractual negotiations: when the band switched from EMI to Warner Bros., both record companies agreed that one song from their contract was allowed to be included on the other company's compilation.[citation needed] On What Hits!? EMI chose to include the song "Under the Bridge" from Blood Sugar Sex Magik.

Sixteen songs were recorded for this compilation, however only two were included.[citation needed] The two that made the cut were the single "Fortune Faded" and "Save the Population". "Fortune Faded" itself was a rerecording of a By The Way outtake that had been performed at some concerts in 2001.[citation needed] A music video was filmed and released for "Fortune Faded" but was left off the DVD version. In addition, alternate mixes of "Californication", "My Friends" and "Higher Ground" are included on this compilation, with no explanation as to why.[citation needed] However, the version of "My Friends" had previously leaked as an 'unmastered version' of the song (it appears mastered here) and the version of "Californication" had been utilized by some radio stations instead of the original track. "Higher Ground" appears in a different mix, which may have been Warner Bros.' attempt at remastering the track, or it may have been a rejected 12" mix.

The names of the other fourteen songs are either unknown or unconfirmed except for Runaway which was included as a bonus track on the iTunes release of By the Way. There are rumours that the songs "Leverage of Space" and "Rolling Sly Stone", which were included in Live in Hyde Park, were recorded at this time.[citation needed] Also, the song "Mini-Epic", which was performed on the 2004 tour and supposed to be on an anti-war album produced by Rick Rubin (a project that never came to fruition), is believed to be recorded at this time.[citation needed] One other song name, which Flea stated backstage at a performance for his Silverlake Conservatory of Music, is "Desiree". "Hump de Bump" was also worked on for the first time during these sessions, as a jam named "40 Detectives". Allegedly, he recorded this on his phone and it was later recorded formally for Stadium Arcadium.[citation needed]

"My Friends" is the only track included from the 1995 album, One Hot Minute. It is known that Frusciante and the rest of the band are not fans of Dave Navarro's time with the band, and this is likely to be the reason why other hits from the period, such as "Warped", "Coffee Shop" and "Aeroplane" are not included.[citation needed] Despite the popularity of the song "Love Rollercoaster", it could not be included because it was recorded on Geffen Records rather than Warner Bros. - an ironic twist, given that WB used to distribute Geffen. However, the music video for "Aeroplane" is featured on the DVD version of the compilation. A possible reason for this is that bassist Flea's daughter appears in the video.

Of their eight U.S. number one singles on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart up to that point, only one of them, "Can't Stop", from their 2002 album By the Way, was excluded.


Tracks: 


1.	"Under the Bridge" – 4:33 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik)
2.	"Give It Away" – 4:44 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik)
3.	"Californication" – 5:29 (from the album Californication)
4.	"Scar Tissue" – 3:35 (from the album Californication)
5.	"Soul to Squeeze" – 4:50 (from Coneheads: Music from the Motion Picture Soundtrack)
6.	"Otherside" – 4:15 (from the album Californication)
7.	"Suck My Kiss" – 3:35 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik)
8.	"By the Way" – 3:35 (from the album By the Way)
9.	"Parallel Universe" – 4:29 (from the album Californication)
10.	"Breaking the Girl" – 4:54 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik)
11.	"My Friends" – 4:09 (from the album One Hot Minute) (Kiedis/Flea/Navarro/Smith)
12.	"Higher Ground" – 3:22 (from the album Mother's Milk) (Wonder)
13.	"Universally Speaking" – 4:16 (from the album By the Way)
14.	"Road Trippin'" – 3:25 (from the album Californication)
15.	"Fortune Faded" – 3:21 (previously unreleased)
16.	"Save the Population" – 4:05 (previously unreleased)




Enjoy :)
