Summary:

Amazon.com
For those South Park fans who have wondered if their beloved animated series would lose its satirical edge after a decade on the air, the Complete Tenth Season boxed set provides a resounding negative. Creators Matt Park and Trey Stone come out swinging with the season opener, "The Return of Chef," which addresses both the media frenzy churned up over the headline-grabbing "Trapped in the Closet" episode from the previous season, as well as the departure of Isaac Hayes, who voiced the well-loved Chef (and netted the series its highest ratings for a debut episode in years). Not content to leave one religion alone, the show tackles the 2006 riots over the depiction of Mohammed in Dutch newspapers (and delivers a much-deserved zing to Family Guy) in the two-part "Cartoon Wars" (the revelation of Family Guy's real writers is among the funniest notions ever penned for South Park) and intelligent design in "Go God Go" (Mrs. Garrison is up in arms over being forced to teach evolution until the arrival of Richard Dawkins changes her mind). Also in the show's firing line are such sacred cows as Oprah Winfrey (Towelie pens a faux memoir a la A Million Little Pieces in "A Million Little Fibers"), Al Gore (who attempts to drum up interest in his hunt for the mythical "ManBearPig"), environmentalists (who create a new form of pollution with their hybrids in "Smug Alert!"), the popular online game World of Warcraft ("Make Love, Not Warcraft," which earned the series an Emmy nomination) and George W. Bush (who tangles with Kyle over 9/11 in "Mystery of the Urinal Deuce"). Of course, South Park wouldn't be South Park without moments of jaw-dropping bad taste, and viewers are treated to not one but two jokes about the death of Steve Irwin (including his appearance at a Halloween party thrown by Satan in the critically reviled "Hell on Earth 2006), children with terminal diseases, teacher-student sexual relations, and a whole host of bodily functions and absurdly graphic violence (the latter is provided by a trio of serial killers in "Hell on Earth 2006"). Supplemental features on the three-disc set are limited to a brief introductory commentary track on each of the episodes by Parker and Stone; while short, they underscore the duo's irreverence and highlight some of the trials they underwent to produce the season (in particular, the network's concern over "Cartoon Wars"). --Paul Gaita
Product Description
All fourteen monumental episodes from South Park’s tenth season are now available in this exclusive three-disc collector’s set. Join the boys as they witness the death of their beloved Chef, band together to defeat a virtual villain who is out to destroy the world and wrestle with the disturbing consequences of seeing the Prophet of the Muslim people on a popular cartoon. For them, it’s all part of growing up in South Park.

Audio For All Episodes:

Encoding - VBR (Variable BitRate)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 107kb/s
Language - English

Video For All Episodes:

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Codec - XViD (XviD ISO MPEG-4)
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 771kb/s
Frames per Second - 23.976
Resolution - 512 x 384

Episode List:

"Return of Chef"
The town is jolted out of a case of the doldrums when Chef suddenly reappears. While Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman are thrilled to have their old friend back, they notice that something about Chef seems different. When Chef's strange behavior starts getting him in trouble, the boys pull out all the stops to save him. But since Isaac Hayes had already ended his contract, Chef died.

"Smug Alert!"
Stan persuades all the citizens of South Park to buy hybrid cars. A disaster of epic proportions threatens the town and Stan is to blame: just as everyone starts to feel really good about what they're doing to help save the earth, scientists discover a stormy, dark mass accumulating over the town. It's smug!

"Cartoon Wars Part I"
Cartman and Kyle are at war over the popular cartoon, Family Guy. Kyle loves Family Guy and hates Cartman. The two boys embark upon a mad chase across the country and the fate of Family Guy lies with the first boy to reach Hollywood.

"Cartoon Wart Part II"
After leaving Kyle injured on the side of the road, Cartman races to the headquarters of Family Guy determined to put an end to the show once and for all.

"A Million Little Fibers"
Towelie gets over his drug addition and writes a moving book about his experiences. Thanks to Oprah’s support, the book becomes a best seller and his story inspires millions to turn their lives around. However, when he’s caught in a lie by the grand dame of daytime television, Towelie’s old habits start to look might appealing.

"Manbearpig"
After the cave-in, all the exits are blocked off and Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman are all alone. Only one person knows they’re trapped under all the debris and he’s not telling. While searching for a way out of the cave, Cartman discovers treasure. Cartman‘s only thought is how to get the treasure out without sharing it with the rest of the boys.

"Tsst"
When Cartman's mom realizes she can't control her son anymore, she gets help from an expert. The "Dog Whisperer" may have what it takes but Eric Cartman's not going down without a fight.

"Make Love Not Warcraft"
The boys dedicate their lives to defeating a mad gamer and saving the World of Warcraft. In the meantime, their health suffers from just sitting and playing video games.

"Mystery of the Urinal Deuce"
The world's biggest conspiracy of all time will finally be uncovered when Eric Cartman exposes the true culprit behind the September 11th attacks. No one in South Park is safe from the people who are the real brains behind the 9/11 conspiracy. When Kyle and Stan hit the road in search of the truth, they come face-to-face with the masterminds who pulled off the most elaborate, intricate and flawlessly executed operation in American history.

"Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy"
Cartman is appointed to the post of School Hallway Monitor at South Park Elementary. In his new role, Cartman takes it personally when an infraction is committed in his jurisdiction. When Kyle discovers that a teacher is having sex with a student, he and Cartman have to team up to put a stop to the inappropriate behavior.

"Hell on Earth 2006"
Satan prepares to host the biggest Halloween costume party on earth a prominent religious organization, an ex-lover and the antics of the most notorious serial killers of all time threaten his fun. This episode is a hilarious parody of the MTV show My Super Sweet 16.

"Go God Go"
South Park Elementary faces strong opposition to the topic of evolution being taught to the fourth graders. The most vocal protests are from Mr. Garrison, who has to teach it. Eric Cartman can't be bothered with what's going on in class. He's busy manipulating his own personal time-line to align with the precise release date of the newest, hottest game.

"Go God Go XII"
In the previous episode, Eric Cartman froze himself in an attempt to make his three-week wait for a Nintendo Wii pass quickly. A freak accident landed him over 500 years in the future -- and now he's stuck there. The future is a tumultuous place with warring factions, angry sea otters and no Nintendo.

"Stanley's Cup"
Stan Marsh has hit rock bottom. He's got no job, no bicycle and his only way out of a bad situation is to coach the local pee wee hockey team. Once a hotshot pee wee hockey player himself, Marsh has tried to put those days behind him. But he's still living with the memory of how he let his team down when he missed the winning shot in the big game. Now, he's about to find out that being a coach means facing your past. He's determined to show his kids what it's like to be winners!

Other Information:

I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!