All the included Screensavers include only High resolution wallpapers.
 
This torrent contains a easy install and if you want to remove it then you can use the uninstaller. (add/remove software and in the start menu group)

You can visit us at: http://www.friendsinwar.com for more themepacks, Screensavers and wallpapers.
 
Please do not hit and run, Help me seeding these files.	

INSTALLATION NOTE:
1 Double click on: Mega Screensaver Pack Setup.exe (This is the file in the .torrent.
2 Click the Start menu button. Next, click on Settings and then on Control Panel.
3 Double-click on the Display icon (or on the word Display). This opens a window called Display Properties.
4 Click on Screen Saver. You will see a window with choices related to your screen saver.
5 Click on the Screen Saver list box to view the screen savers that are currently installed on your computer. Select the one you want by clicking on it.
6 When you are satisfied, click OK.

DeInstallation note:
Click on start, Click on All programs, goto Mega Screensaver Pack and click on Deinstall Mega Screensaver Pack.

The included Screensavers are (40 Screensavers in total):
3D Abstract 1.scr
Alyssa Milano 1.scr
Amazing Landscapes 1.scr
Amy Winehouse 1.scr
Animals 1.scr
Asia Beautiful Places 1.scr
Beaches 1.scr
Beautiful Nature 1.scr
Beautiful Places 1.scr
Best Nature 1.scr
Canada Nature 1.scr
Cats 1.scr
Cityscapes 1.scr
Clouds 1.scr
Digital 3D Art 1.scr
Digital Space Art 1.scr
Disney Classics 1.scr
Dogs 1.scr
Fantastic 3D 1.scr
Fantasy Worlds 1.scr
Flowers 1.scr
Fractals 1.scr
Funny screens 1.scr
Great China Photoshop 1.scr
Harry Potter 1.scr
Hello Kitty 1.scr
Lakes 1.scr
Landscapes 1.scr
Scotland Nature 1.scr
Sea and Sky 1.scr
Sexy 3D Girls 1.scr
Sexy Girls 1.scr
Space 1.scr
Trucks 1.scr
Under the Sea 1.scr
Vector Flowers 1.scr
War Airplanes 1.scr
Waterscapes 1.scr
Windows7 1.scr
Winter 1.scr


The reason for this torrent is that i stop seeding the this nr: 1 serie and start with serie nr: 2.