Paul Schulleri - Live at Levee Club (Berlin) 30-09-2011

----

Biography

Paul Schulleri lives in the heart of music in Berlin, where "moving forward" is the password to access the challenging world of Electronica. Although, he started to play the piano at the age of six, Paul has always been attracted by modern technology and deeply fascinated by everything related to technological development and science. His foundation with piano was followed by a vivid interest in Jazz music. Through music improvisation, his journey into Jazz became the pinnacle of unpredictability and sound experience.

In the 90's Paul discovered electronic music and his expedition toward a new musical universe began. Seeing technology as the future and embracing the past through the eyes of the present, he finally found the key to put together his passion for music with his profound interest for technological innovation. Inspired to create his own sound, he took his first steps to produce electronic music with a very basic set-up, consisting of an Atari computer and a mono synthesizer. Tens of tracks later, after experimenting with beats from Trip-Hop to Drum and Bass, tunes began to come to life leading him to write and perform for his local theater. This gave him the chance to build up a strong reputation around his peers as an innovative music creator.

Moving to Berlin to study sound engineering exposed him to the surreal world of Minimal music. Deeply influenced by this captivating genre, Paul began to produce a variety of Ambient and Minimal tracks in his small recording studio and laboratory. He set up some side projects and produced a series of tracks and remixes, to explore even deeper the multi-layered aspect of Minimal Techno.

Since 2009 he is a part of the "Spreekader" community, they are organizing very famous and well known partys like "Tanz oder gar nicht!" in berlin.

The last five years have seen Paul increasingly more involved in his career, performing live in several clubs, festivals and events.	