DDR Presents

Phera (1988)
(A film by Buddhadev Dasgupta)

DVD Rip - 700MB - X.264
 
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/585/pherale.png/
 
http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/7359/pheradata.png

Synopsis:

Sasanka (Subrata Nandy), the scion of a fading Zamindar family is also passionate about Jatra, the folk theatre of Bengal. He is the scriptwriter and playwright and tries to bring to his audience serious and introspective themes. His magnificent obsession alienates him from all who are close to him. His wife Jamuna (Alokananda Dutta) leaves him as does his cousin (Samit Bhamja). As time passes, his plays become less and less popular as the taste of the viewing public. Sasanka has never been so lonely - his only companion is Rasu (Sunil Mukherjee), his faithful servant.

Into this scene comes Saraju (Devika Mukherjee) and her son Kanu (Aniket Sengupta). Their relationship is stormy, with Sasanka's lust for Saraju and her attraction to him playing no mean part. Sasanka by this time is far from his roots and his passion. bit bybit, it is Little Kanu who reaches out to Sasanka and he responds. In Kanu he finds himself once more. It is time to return to his passion...

Comments:

Like all Buddhadev Dasgupta's films Phera too reaches out to its audience in many ways. At the surface it is the story of Sasanka and Kanu and the redemption of Sasanka. On yet another plane it is a story about communication or the lack of it. Throughout the film, Sasanka is trying to communicate, his thoughts, his ideas, his loneliness, his yearnings. He tries to communicate to his audience, to Saraju even to Rasu. Then one day little Kanu hears him and as children can, understands him too. In Kanu he finds his communication and Sasanka finds his fulfilment. He turns to Saraju and in the process jeopardises his relation with Kanu.

Then again it is a story of an artiste's agony. He must find an outlet for his muse, but the cruel world intervenes. He compromises again and again, but there is a time when he can't do so. Just when he is at his depth of despair and hopelessness, Kanu draws him back and arouses his passion for Jatra once more.

There are typical Buddhadev motifs everywhere. The two wrestlers, seemingly irrelevant to the narrative are both symbolic of Sasankas inner struggles as well as his fight with the world around him. The little touches of rural countryside that we have come to expect are all there. Despite its complexities, Phera is probably the least surrealistic of Dasgupta's films. The storyteller in Buddhadev is strong here and sometimes overshadow the surrealist.

Acting by all the principal actors is outstanding with Aniket and Devika at their best. Sunil Mukherjee's Rasu is a trifle loud but Subrata Nandy is restrained and forceful at the same time. I cannot comment of the cinematography because the video was just awful, but music, as in all Buddhadev's films is an integral part, setting the mood and often emphasizing the narrative. I liked the use of the song "Prithibi Amare Chay" with Jamuna singing it just before she leaves Sasanka and it also empasises Sasanka's indifference to everything but his plays. Editing is good and overall a film to watch.

Uploader's Notes:

I have never come across a DVD which is as bad as this one. The picture was an emerald green and all details were lost behind the dark shade. The film needed multiple cropping and what more can I say? It is just awful...

I have managed to reduce the green tinge so that it is barely noticeable, enhanced the details and touched up the light and shade. The result is a video that is watchable - the original was not.

Just so that you can appreciate the difference I am giving some screenshots of the original video and the rip. Believe me, i have selected the best parts of the original video. The rest is much worse....

IMDB Link:
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0124055/

Screens
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/276a89153703765
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/7362f1153703869
 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/54a125153703904

