Book Description
Master the Art of Electronics Repair

In this hands-on guide, a lifelong electronics repair guru shares his tested techniques and invaluable insights. How to Diagnose and Fix Everything Electronic shows you how to repair and extend the life of all kinds of solid-state devices, from modern digital gadgetry to cherished analog products of yesteryear.

You’ll start by selecting the tools and test equipment you’ll need and setting up your workbench. Then, you’ll get familiar with components and how they form circuits, stages, and sections of a device. Next, you’ll learn how to take a product apart, figure out what’s wrong with it, replace components, and reassemble it. Real-world case studies help clarify the topics covered. Tips and tricks for specific devices, such as optical disc players, computers, and video recorders, are also included in this practical resource.

Set up a workbench and equip it with tools and test instruments
Ensure personal safety and avoid electrical and physical damage to devices
Understand electrical units, circuits, and signals
Use test equipment, including a digital multimeter, signal generator, frequency counter, and an oscilloscope
Repair circuit boards and replace parts
Work with components, from capacitors and ICs to transistors and zeners
Learn to read block, schematic, and pictorial diagrams
Disassemble devices and identify sections and stages
Troubleshoot and diagnose to the component level
Perform reverse-order reassembly
Up-to-date, easy-to-follow coverage of electricity and electronics
In Teach Yourself Electricity and Electronics, Fifth Edition, a master teacher provides step-by-step lessons in electricity and electronics fundamentals and applications. Detailed illustrations, practical examples, and hundreds of test questions make it easy to learn the material quickly. This fully revised resource starts with the basics and takes you through advanced applications, such as communications systems and robotics. Solve current-voltage-resistance-impedance problems, make power calculations, optimize system performance, and prepare for licensing exams with help from this hands-on guide.

Updated for the latest technological trends:

Wireless systems
Fiber Optics
Lasers
Space Communications
Mechatronics
Comprehensive coverage includes:
Direct-Current Circuit Basics and Analysis * Resistors * Cells and Batteries * Magnetism * Inductance * Capacitance * Phase * Inductive and Capacitive Reactance * Impedance and Admittance * Alternating-Current Circuit Analysis, Power, and Resonance * Transformers and Impedance Matching * Semiconductors * Diode Applications * Power Supplies * Bipolar and Field-Effect Transistors * Amplifiers and Oscillators * Digital and Computer Basics * Antennas for RF Communications * Integrated Circuits * Electron Tubes * Transducers, Sensors, Location, and Navigation * Acoustics and Audio Fundamentals * Advanced Communications Systems

Make Great Stuff!
TAB, an imprint of McGraw-Hill Professional, is a leading publisher of DIY technology books for makers, hackers, and electronics hobbyists.

Table of contents
Chapter 1. Prepare for Blastoff: Fixing is Fun!
Chapter 2. Setting Up Shop: Tools of the Trade
Chapter 3. Danger, Danger! Staying Safe
Chapter 4. I Fix, Therefore I Am: The Philosophy of Troubleshooting
Chapter 5. Naming Names: Important Terms, Concepts and Building Blocks
Chapter 6. Working Your Weapons: Using Test Equipment
Chapter 7. What Little Gizmos Are Made Of: Components
Chapter 8. Roadmaps and Street Signs: Diagrams
Chapter 9. Entering Without Breaking: Getting Inside
Chapter 10. What the Heck is That: Recognizing Major Features
Chapter 11. A-Hunting We Will Go: Signal Tracing and Diagnosis
Chapter 12. Presto Change-o: Circuit Boards and Replacing Components
Chapter 13. That’s a Wrap: Reverse-Order Reassembly
Chapter 14. Aces Up Your Sleeve: Tips and Tricks for Specific Products

Glossary
Index

Book Details
Paperback: 336 pages
Publisher: McGraw-Hill/TAB Electronics (January 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0071744223
ISBN-13: 978-0071744225