Spread A Little Happiness - S01 & 02 - Audio Comedy - BBC R4 
12 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo
 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/spread_a_little_happiness/


Sitcom about a newly divorced woman helping her old schoolfriend with her new project, bringing designer sandwiches to the hinterland of Hull. But Hull seems more interested in bumper breakfast baps than smoked salmon bagels.

Hope and Jodie are understandably nervous as they open their new sandwich shop. As they arrive for their first day, they hope to spread a little happiness to their customers - something they could both do with a bit more of themselves too actually.

It's clear that Hope is rather at sea with this new venture, as it's the first time she has had a proper job. Recently split from her successful businessman husband, Gavin, and waiting for the divorce settlement, Hope ends up sleeping on an airbed in the spare bedroom at Jodie's house.

Hope and Jodie are the 'Thelma and Louise' of the sandwich world and have known each other since school, but Jodie is a workaholic and Hope an alcoholic. The duo discuss the detailed differences between a bap, a stottie cake and a bread bun - not to mention a fish cake and a turnover.

In Series 2, Jodie has to go to Portugal in a hurry, leaving Hope to hold the fort. So the arrival of Hope's cousin Maria, from Dagenham is a bonus, until she starts bringing her southern ideas to a northern makeover, and her advice to Hope's relationship with ex-husband Gavin.

Jodie's husband Dave is none too pleased with the makeover either, but comes round when Hope and Maria agree to look after his Mam while he plumbs in toilets in Goole.

Other characters include passionate roadmender Ray, triumphant divorcee and anxious would-be poet Jenny, posh restaurant reviewer Anita and Hope's moody teenage daughter Carrie.


Cast:
Nicola Duffett
Debra Stephenson, 
Suranne Jones, 
Susan Cookson, 
Neil Dudgeon, 
Elizabeth Godber, 
Ralph Brown, 
Shaun Prendergast, 
Ben Crowe, 
Joanne Frogatt, 
Anne Reid



Writers:
John Godber, Jane Thornton


Spread A Little Happiness - S01 - E01 
Spread A Little Happiness - S01 - E02 
Spread A Little Happiness - S01 - E03 
Spread A Little Happiness - S01 - E04 
Spread A Little Happiness - S01 - E05 
Spread A Little Happiness - S01 - E06
 
Spread A Little Happiness - S02 - E01 
Spread A Little Happiness - S02 - E02 
Spread A Little Happiness - S02 - E03 
Spread A Little Happiness - S02 - E04 
Spread A Little Happiness - S02 - E05 
Spread A Little Happiness - S02 - E06 



Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits



I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don't have time to keep trying.
If it's down then it's skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don't miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)



.





