Unabridged and read by Patrick Tull. 9 hours 20 mins duration, 8 CD's. (32 kbps / 22 kHz Mono LAME CBR)

 
[1988]
Contains the following stories:
(1) The Bubble Reputation
Despite his distaste for civil suits, Rumpole agrees to defend a notorious tabloid in a libel suit. A best-selling novelist of historical romances, who counts Hilda and the presiding judge among her fans,
is outraged when her puritanical public image is besmirched by the paper's accusations of sexual promiscuity. 
(2) The Barrow Boy
Stockbroker Nigel Timson, one of the rare members of the notorious Timson clan working legitimately, is arrested on his birthday and accused of insider trading. 
He claims to have bought the stock in question on behalf of a mysterious old woman, 
but proving it proves difficult, especially when he is unable to explain a deposit of 20,000 pounds in his personal account. 
(3) The Age of Miracles
Rumpole defends Hilda's nephew, a Church of England canon, who has been accused of adultery by six members of the congregation. 
The canon allegedly received a woman in his hotel room where he supposedly was writing a difficult sermon. 
(4) The Tap End
One of the Timson clan is accused by his wife of trying to drown her in their communal bath. 
(5) The Chambers Party
Rumpole cannot let this occasion pass without ruffling a few feathers by proposing a lengthy toast to the Timson clan, 
an industrious family of South London villains who had provided Rumpole with a regular source of income over the years. 
Rumpole’s point was that the legal professions live off the proceeds of crime and they should stop being so very precious about it.
(6) Rumpole And Portia
A scrap dealer unknowingly participates in a Special Branch sting operation designed to trap a known terrorist, who is killed resisting arrest. 
The dealer claims he didn't know the goods he was trafficking in included arms and asks Rumpole to defend him. 
(7) The Quality Of Life
A famous artist dies under mysterious circumstances and his young wife is accused of his murder. Rumpole, on a strict diet to lose weight, suspects the artist may have committed suicide, 
feeling rather as he does himself, that the quality of his life had diminished to such a point that it was no longer worth living.



Enjoy and Seed!!