Swarm	Swarm Growing	
Downloader Instructions
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Gospel Music - 09 - The Canton Spirituals - Video - DivX


 


This is memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

POtHS - Gospel Music - 09 - The Canton Spirituals - Video


The Canton Spirituals are often described an accomplished gospel quartet that has paved the way for many gospel groups and singers. Founded in Canton, Mississippi, the original group included the songwriter and singer, Harvey Watkins, Sr., who began to sing in the group at the age of fourteen, and the other original members: Eddie Jackson, Theo Thompson, and Roscoe Lucious. The Canton Spirituals has remained the number one gospel music quartet in the country. They represent the best of the past and present in gospel music.

The Canton Spirituals - booking information The current lead singer, Harvey Watkins, Jr. has been singing and performing with the group since he was a young child. Watkins attributes his interest in music to his parents. Watkins' father and mother are still the most important persons in his life. Since The Canton Spirituals' founding, they have been through heartaches and pains and many people have left the group.

The current Canton Spirituals members are under the direction of Harvey Watkins, Jr., since the passing of his father, Harvey Watkins, Sr., who died of cancer in Jackson, Mississippi, on November 16, 1994. Harvey Watkins, Sr., until his death, was the only original member with the Canton Spirituals. In the city of Canton, Watkins's song-writing skills, music and legacy will remain an important part of, not just the city of Canton's history, but America's history also.

In July 1994, Watkins received a Legend Award at the Mississippi Gospel Music Awards. During the same month, Second Street in Canton, Mississippi, was renamed Harvey Watkins, Sr., Street in his honor. The Canton Spirituals have always kept God as the cornerstone of their life and music. Their music, according to one source, reflects the "heart" and "soul" of this rich genre and is perhaps the primary reason why they have such a loyal following. The Canton Spirituals have received numerous awards due to their dynamic and melancholic music.

In Harvey Watkins' hometown of Canton, Mississippi, The Canton Spirituals received a Concurrent Resolution 557 in February from the Mississippi Legislature during their 1998 Regular Session honoring them for receiving two Stellar Awards at the 1997 Stellar Gospel Music Awards and for being the only gospel quartet in America and the only Mississippi gospel artist to achieve such honors.

The Canton Spirituals have also received the 1998 Excellence Award for Quartet of the Year - Traditional and LP of the Year - Traditional. The Canton Spirituals have also won Group/Duo of the Year and Traditional group/duo at the thirteenth annual Stellar Awards. Their album, "Live in Memphis I," received a Grammy nomination. They appeared at the awards

Below are 2 Local Favorites and 7 Gospel Groups that performed at the The Gospel Tent at The New Orleans Jazz Festival this year, 2011. We spent most of our time here as The Gospel Tent had more fun coming out of it, than all the others. There were hundreds of folks dancing and singing to Jesus. It was very uplifting.


Local Favorites
Amanda Shaw - Good Southern Girl
John Boutte - Good Neighbor

Gospel Singers
Canton Gospel Soul Children - Welcome to Canton
Connie & Dwight Fitch with The Family - Victory in Jesus
New Orleans Tribute to Mahalia Jackson - Cynthia Girtly & Dr Michael White
Shades of Praise - God is Still Doing Great Things
The Electrifying Crown Seekers - Thank You For Saving Me
The Melody Clouds - Great Day
The Zion Harmonizers - The Best of New Orleans Gospel

There are also several hundred Festival Photos and some Short RAW Video Clips


POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

This is what is coming and more. If you do not believe in The Rapture and Jesus, you will need to Study The Below Survival videos.

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                     Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                          End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                               Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                              Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                      Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                     Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod        Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

(thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    

 
   