CoffeeCup Shopping Cart Creator Pro v3.9 Portable

How easy is it to use Shopping Cart Creator? Let’s just say we’ve seen lemonade stands that took longer to set up. With an easy-to-use WYSIWYG workspace, there’s no need to know any code, so you can concentrate on managing your products and your business. Meanwhile the professionally designed themes will make sure your products are showcased in style. With payment powered by PayPal, you can rest assured that your finished store will be totally secure and easy to use. Here's the icing on the cake: Our unique, “straight to payment processor architecture” helps reduce shopping cart abandonment — and that means you'll sell more!

Easy Setup Gets Your Store Online Fast.

Creating your very own online store has never been faster or easier. With Shopping Cart Creator, you're only a few clicks away from having the online store of your dreams. Simply add products, choose a theme, and upload your work to your website. That’s it — 1, 2, 3, done.

No programming, configuration, or coding is required; this powerful shopping cart software takes care of the hard work for you. We’ve done it all so you can focus on what you do best: selling your products.
Dozens of Professionally Designed Themes.

Whether you’re starting from scratch or adding a store to your current website, we have a theme that will satisfy your needs. These sleek, modern designs will make the perfect backdrop for your products. You can choose from one of the built-in themes, or buy one of the dozens of available themes to expand your options.

Want to add a personal touch? Customize your theme or create your own awesome design with Shopping Cart Designer. Either way, you’re just a few steps away from a great-looking online store.
A Simple Checkout Process for Your Customers.

We’ve been selling things on the Internet for more than 12 years, so we’ve learned a lot about how to make an attractive and easy-to-use online store. We translated that knowledge and experience into this software. From the simple cart overview to the effortless payment process, we’ve got you covered.

The payment aspect of your online store is in the hands of the experts at PayPal. We chose this payment provider because of its stellar reputation — after all, most people use it on a regular basis. With this trusted payment option, you and your customers can expect a smooth, hassle-free transaction.
Managing Your Products Is Super Easy.

We’ve streamlined the process of adding, editing, and organizing your products. All the essential information is right in front of you, with details just a click away. You can edit product titles, descriptions, pricing, discounts, and more from the easy-to-understand workspace. Drag and drop items to rearrange how they appear in your online store, and easily group products together to create comprehensive categories.

With such an intuitive layout and easy-to-use set of tools, we’re sure you’ll fall in love with this software.

Powered by PayPal: This widely used and trusted payment provider ensures that your transactions and funds will be secure. And since your published store hooks right into it, you'll see more successfully completed transactions and more money in the bank — yay!

Built-in Shopping Cart System: Shopping Cart Creator has become the synonym for “hassle-free online store that works.” The stores use our proven special mix of PHP, XML, CSS, and HTML, but you don’t have to write a single line of code — sweet!

Drag-and-Drop Product Management: Managing products is dead simple. If you can use a mouse, you can sell online. Our software and stellar support team are with you all the way. Nothing can stop you from turning on your profit engine today.

SEO and Web Standards Friendly: Everything is made with web standards and search engines in mind. Your store will look great, and work even better — for users and search engines alike.

Home Page - http://www.coffeecup.com/shopping-cart/

