
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - \"Conspiracy Facts\" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG





XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX




POtHS - Holy Treasures - 11 - Amazing Recent Discoveries That Confirm Bibles Accuracy





POtHS - Holy Treasures - 11 - Amazing Recent Discoveries That Confirm Bibles Accuracy




POtHS Comments on This one:   Have not viewed this movie yet..


Discription

Biblical Mysteries of Sodom and Gomorrah:
Join the fascinating search for the sin cities. Could they be buried at the bottom of the Dead Sea? \"And Lot lifted up his eyes and beheld all the plain of Jordan, there it was well watered everywhere, before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, . . . .\" —Genesis 13:10

This compelling NBC prime-time special, featuring scholar Mike Sanders, leads us on an unprecedented exploration to the depths of the salty Dead Sea in the same Delta mini-submarine used to explore the wreck of the liner Lusitania . The viewer almost becomes part of the team in energetic search for evidence of the location of the ancient Biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. To some skeptics the Biblical tale of the two \"sin cities\" is metaphorical, but Sanders’ belief — possibly supported by new evidence derived from NASA satellite photography showing anomalies on the floor of the Dead Sea — is that the cities not only existed, but their location might be found today. It took years of negotiations for Sanders to obtain clearance from the Israel army, the Jordanians and the Palestinians to search for the ruins at one of the most tension-packed places on earth. However, limited access was permitted, and we join the dive to the sea floor to uncover some compelling evidence buried in the salt. The search is still not over but the initial evidence that the program presents could mark a critical step forward.


Amazing Recent Discoveries That Confirm Bibles Accuracy:
Bob Cornuke (oft referred to as a modern day \"Indiana Jones\") shares his amazing adventures in search of lost and unknown Biblical artifacts. These finds will make your jaw drop (such as Noah\'s Ark), and again make clear the incredible accuracy of God\'s word.
This was filmed at Koinonia Institute\'s 2008 Strategic Perspectives conference in Southern California hosted by Dr. Chuck Missler.

For other resources and entire conference videos please go to: 
http://khouse.org/



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn\'t PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

\"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

\"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS






