L'oeuvre au noir - Andre Delvaux (1988)

AKA: L'Opera al nero, De terugkeer naar Brugge, The Abyss

Subtitles: ENGLISH, SPANISH, ITALIAN

Language: FRENCH, ITALIAN

"In alchemical treatises, the formula L'Oeuvre au Noir, designates what is said to be the most difficult phase of the alchemist's process, the separation and dissolution of substance. It is still not clear whether the term applied to daring experiments on matter itself, or whether it was understood to symbolize trials of the mind in discarding all forms of routine and prejudice. Doubtless it signified one or the other meaning alternately, or perhaps both at the same time."
(Marguerite Yourcenar)

Writing credits: André Delvaux (screenplay)
    Marguerite Yourcenar (novel, 1968)

Camera: Charles van Damme
Music: Frédéric Devreese

Cast
Gian Maria Volontè... Zénon
Sami Frey ... Prieur des Cordeliers
Jacques Lippe ... Myers
Anna Karina ... Catherine
Philippe Léotard ... Henri-Maximilien
Jean Bouise ... Campanus
Marie-Christine Barrault... Hilzonde
Marie-France Pisier... Martha
Mathieu Carrière ... Pierre de Hamaere
Pierre Dherte ... Cyprien
Johan Leysen ... Rombaut
Dora van der Groen... Greete
Senne Rouffaer ... Le Cocq
Geert Desmet ... Han
Michel Poncelet ... Josse

SUMMARY (IMDB)

In the sixteenth century, Spain occupies Flanders, an Inquisition enforces the faith. Aging writer and philosopher, Zénon Ligre, comes to Bruges using a false name and papers to serve as a physician to the poor, establishing a clinic and steam bath. His methods and opinions are outside the mainstream, but he has the protection and friendship of the local Prior. Zénon, an aristocrat with a degree in canon law, lives humbly. He learns of bacchanals under Masonic signs involving monks and women, and he warns those involved. The Prior is dying, and he urges Zénon to flee to England. Zénon burns his writing. Will he leave or will he face ecclesiastical accusers and, perhaps, the stake?  Written by {jhailey@hotmail.com}

REVIEW (IMDB)

André Delvaux was a talented filmmaker whose works can be difficult to watch. They seem to drift by in a sort of glacial calm, although the subject matter is often very interesting. Rendez-vous à Bray was the first film of his I saw, and it repaid watching even if the emotional temperature was rather low. L'Oeuvre au noir is taken from a Marguerite Yourcenar novel, and shows the austerity she was famous for. At times it feels rather like walking barefoot over a marble floor.

Gian-Maria Volonté's voice had to be dubbed for the film [probably why the Italian audio track is better synchronized], but his face is expressive. We can follow his efforts to bring modern medical and scientific practices to Flanders in defiance of the Inquisition. Sami Frey as his cousin the prior is sympathetic. 

File type: KLCP, Matroska
File size: 1,146,227 Kb

Frame size: 592x320
Video compression: h264 (MPEG4)
Frame rate: 25.000
Duration: 01:44:43

Audio format: liba52 (Dolby ac3 2.0)
Audio frequency: 48.000
Audio stream count: 2