What is it?
Ever get sick of trying to sell a multiplayer game or a multiple chapter single player game from FPS Creator like original Doom had the shareware level then 2 other chapters after. How bout a way to add expansion packs and more levels? TGC, ITS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!! This is the ultimate front ender for any FPS Creator multiplayer and single player games. It adds more chapters to single player games, allows for mods, works for all versions of X9 (x10 not tested yet), changes key configuration, resolution, dynamic lighting, and adds more than single levels to multiplayer game setup.

How many levels can it handle?
Demo Version Multiplayer version handles up to 16. Commercial version will handle 100(possibly more depending on how many i can squeeze in the menus)
Demo Version Single Player can handle 3 chapters. Commerical version will handle 100(possibly more) this also allows for expansion packs and other custom new stuff you want to add with your game

Changes from V1
-Increased the number of demo levels. New system handles more.
-Multiple Pages System in the menu, to split up the "flavor" of your chapters
-"Act a True Server" feature now. I noticed a problem with with FPSC and ports and remote people not being able to join from remote games, this will have that solved.
- New ad system installed so i at least get a couple bucks from this idea. Demo has a single popup that comes up in Internet Explorer and a keypress delay. Registered version has this removed.
- New format to allow for game dealers to sell their games via a banner advertisement that shows up in a linked window beside the menus. Sub area under the game menu to allow for Game updates readmes, terms and services, etc to be displayed, Registered version will have scrolling text that will be editable.

Do any mods work with it?
EFX Mod and Plymod both tested fine. As for others unless i can get some full versions to test i cant give ya a definite on that.

What versions does it work for?
1.0 - 1.18 Its been around for a long time, lotta work and thought went in to how to solve the multiplayer problem. I looked into it via another coding language not normally used and found the desired result.

Stay tuned. More info to come, I will keep posting here and updating here. Release of the demo will be showing up in a day or two max.


K to explain how this works, left is the map levels, right is like the "current news" or "update area" like W.O.W. has with the launcher.

Demo Downloads:
V1.0 Multiplayer Demo Version - Functions don't all fully work yet but they will be fixed within the next few days. Map Extender up to 16 levels works.