-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: Ran.1985.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.99 GiB
Duration: 2h 42mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)

Storyline:

A story of greed, a lust for power, and ultimate revenge. The Great Lord Hidetora Ichimonji has decided to step aside to make room for the younger blood of his three sons, 
Taro, Jiro, and Saburo, the Lord's only wish now being to live out his years as an honored guest in the castle of each of his sons in turn. While the older two sons flatter 
their father, the youngest son attempts to warn him of the folly of expecting the three sons to remain united; enraged at the younger son's attempt to point out the danger, 
the father banishes him. True to the younger son's warning, however, the oldest Son soon conspires with the second son to strip The Great Lord of everything, even his title.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/ran/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089881/

Cast:

Tatsuya Nakadai 	... 	Lord Hidetora Ichimonji 
Akira Terao 	... 	Taro Takatora Ichimonji 
Jinpachi Nezu 	... 	Jiro Masatora Ichimonji 
Daisuke Ryû 	... 	Saburo Naotora Ichimonji 
Mieko Harada 	... 	Lady Kaede 
Yoshiko Miyazaki 	... 	Lady Sue 
Hisashi Igawa 	... 	Shuri Kurogane 
Pîtâ 	... 	Kyoami 
Masayuki Yui 	... 	Tango Hirayama 
Kazuo Katô 	... 	Kageyu Ikoma 
Norio Matsui 	... 	Shumenosuke Ogura 
Toshiya Ito 	... 	Mondo Naganuma 
Kenji Kodama 	... 	Samon Shirane 
Takashi Watanabe 		
Mansai Nomura 	... 	Tsurumaru (as Takeshi Nomura)

Genre: Action | Drama | War
Director: Akira Kurosawa
Rating: No Rating
Language: Japanese
Awards: Won Oscar. Another 25 wins & 15 nominations
Original source: Revolt.1985.720p.BluRay.x264-aBD

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 312 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 7 914 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.109

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 330 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 421 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.