 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114287/

2.2GB 720p DivX HD video with 1280 x 544 resolution at 2000 bitrate
all the booming fullness of 256k audio included 

Converted from an 8GB version found on the net. We looked for additionally
an found subtitles in SRT format for the following language offerings included
here for you:

Croatian Danish Dutch Finnish French Portuguese romanian Serbian Spanish
Swedish and an English template is included for any languages not already posted


Set in the Scottish highlands it is an interesting movie about a code of conduct,
a code of honour that goes to regimentalize and civlize a mindset that seeks a 
sense of order and predictablity amidst much evil and wickdedness that such nice 
folk (played by Liam Neeson and Jessica Lange in the plot of the movie)would have 
to confront and negotiate through as treacherous conditions would no doubt see 
them devoured by circumstances. All societies have come though something similar 
in the way of a period of having to calm the waters so that a real sense of 
goodness replaces the rules of engagement that are otherwise based on the morality 
of self interest and basic survival alone. nevertheless that is something and it 
certainly beats being altogether at the vagaries of a completely uncivilized 
setting where no sense of quid pro quo is recognized as intelligible by those on 
the stage.


It was heartbreaking to see Liam Neeson's character suffer as much as he does in 
this movie with what befalls his family in what is barbaric cruelty (He has a 
heavy burden that is cruelly and with obvious malice, inflicted upon him that is 
only cathartically set right after great turmoil. Oh well, all is well that ends 
well as they say. This is a movie for fans of Jessica Lange and for those that 
enjoy the banter of discourse of what is civil engagement in what Hobbes would 
refer to a "state of nature" nonetheless.


We hope you will seed this movie if you have an interest in the material as 
committed fans are always welcome to help spread the mercies of edification and 
general education that comes from a more generous access to culture and it is in 
that spirit that we make available yet another great movie for you, as all have 
had great seeding support so far after efforts have been expended. thank you all 
for being so good with this, it shows a good sense of community mindedness and 
without that we would be on barren soil no matter where we operate from, into our 
constituent areas etc.


When asked to define what "honour" is (by his children in this tale)
Liam's character says it is such a quality that requires as well that true
men who possess this quality are rightly protective of womenfolk as is deserved
according to their kind natures as a so created being. Are you folks all listening
out there today, huh! (equally???) This is certaionly in contrast to the sort
of "men" who say they dont recognize men and women differently using
anatomical comparisons even, perhaps (towards the beginning of the movie)

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

note: mature content