LIVE AT THE ROYAL ALBERT HALL

Video by Adele



Released
25 November 2011 Australia , Taiwan
28 November 2011 United Kingdom
29 November 2011 United States


Recorded
22 September 2011 at The Royal Albert Hall in London

Genre	Pop, soul, blues, rock, alternative, R&B;, indie rock
Length	90:00
Label	XL, Columbia



Live At The Royal Albert Hall is a DVD/Blu-ray/CD release from English singer-songwriter Adele, which is set to become available on 25 November (2011) in Australia, 28 November (2011) in the United Kingdom  and 29 November 2011 in the United States. The concert was recorded as part of Adele's Adele Live tour at the Royal Albert Hall in London.



BACKGROUND

On 26 October 2011 it was announced Adele would be releasing her Royal Albert Hall concert from her Adele Live tour on both DVD and Blu-ray along with an accompanying CD. The release is set to include 90 minutes of concert footage in addition to behind-the-scenes video segments.  The tracklist consists of songs taken from Adele's 19 and 21 as well as covers of Bonnie Raitt’s "I Can’t Make You Love Me" and The SteelDrivers "If It Hadn’t Been For Love". As part of the launch, the DVD was screened at cinemas in 26 cities around the world.



RECEPTION

Live at The Royal Albert Hall was well-received by music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 80, based on 5 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".
The Boston Globe labeled the release "Our DVD pick" and said, "the performances are routinely inspired. With the voice of an angel - and the potty mouth of a sailor - she’s a force throughout." In a very positive review, MTV News writes, "I actually had to remind myself not to clap at the conclusion of a couple songs... And in that regard, it is a tremendous success; you definitely get the full experience. Adele is luminous, compelling, funny and profane throughout, and like I said, her voice is in tiptop shape."



TRACKLISTING

"Hometown Glory"
"I'll Be Waiting"
"Don't You Remember"
"Turning Tables"
"Set Fire to the Rain"
"If It Hadn't Been for Love"
"My Same"
"Take It All"
"Rumour Has It"
"Right As Rain"
"One & Only"
"Lovesong"
"Chasing Pavements"
"I Can't Make You Love Me"
"Make You Feel My Love"
"Someone Like You"
"Rolling in the Deep"



PERSONNEL

Adele - Vocals
Ben Thomas - Guitar
Tim Van Der Kuil - Guitar
Miles Robertson - Keys
Sam Dixon - Bass
Derrick Wright - Drums