Who's That Flying v1.0 cracked-THETA by *RoYStaR*

It look like scene groups are a little bit slow… So, well know p2p group THETA brought to us a nice cracked release for this nice indie game. To be honest, I haven’t got a bad word to say about Who’s That Flying. The game played like a dream, it was fluid, easy to get into, playable, chaotic and impossibly infuriatingly FUN! I’ve played side scroller shoot-em-up’s since I killed my Spectrum on R-Type and this, to me, brings back the good old days of excellent games with tons of playable levels and good old fashioned fun. Buy it. Play it. Love it.


Description:
As the mysterious and powerful “Guardian of Earth” your steely eye and HYPER-POWERED LASER ARM have kept the citizens of Earth safe for generations (as well as proving a hit with the ladies).
With all your awesome TALENT and FLAIR, surely it would be IMPOSSIBLE for a devastating invasion of Doom Beasts to descend on your cities and cause havoc without your knowledge? (Even if you were MAYBE showboating for a magazine photo-shoot at the time…)
Now, you must not only defend your cities from the ravenous hordes of Doom Beasts – you must defend yourself against accusations of gross incompetence from the Galactic Council of Justice! And this is all BEFORE you can even start to get to the bottom of just who OR what is really behind the attacks…


Story mode featuring 15 levels over 5 unique stages
11 enemy types
5 gigantic boss battles
4 Infinite Mode Stages
24 Challenge Mode Stages
14 Bonus Magazine articles to unlock
12 Glittering Awards to discover
6 Dramatic Courtroom cutscenes
Controller Support

Publisher: Kalypso Media Digital
Developper: Mediatonic
Genre: Action, Casual, Indie
Release name: Who’s.That.Flying.v1.0.cracked-THETA
Size: 386MB

For more Details:- Jobs,movies,games,fixes,games fixes,Secrets, and lost of different kind of information you can find here.




This is quality upload. . . . . . . 

Because i am upload only quality torrent....
