Samurai II: Vengeance v1.01 [Offline Crack]
Requirements: Android 2.0.1
Overview: The long-awaited Samurai II: Vengeance has arrived on all Android devices!



Samurai: Way of the Warrior was featured in Best Games of 2009 by Apple – Samurai II is a true successor, aided by over a year of focused development. Overall production values and vicious action put Samurai II on par with console 3D brawlers. Screenshots don’t do Samurai II justice – the fluid action has to be seen running at 60 frames per second.

But looks alone won’t carry a game – the developers listened to fan feedback and improved gameplay throughout. With a new virtual d-pad, dynamic camera, environmental puzzles, traps, and vicious new enemies, Samurai II is brand new experience for hack ‘n’ slash gamers on the go.

Samurai II sends Daisuke on a quest for revenge across the war-scorched countryside. From a seafaring village to a flying fortress to the legendary Isle of the Dead, the samurai will stop at nothing to hunt down his arch-enemy Orochi. Will he get his Vengeance?

FEATURES:

★ Support Xperia Play!

★ Intuitive virtual joystick ensures you’re slicing up baddies, not swiping the screen.

★ Dynamic camera finds the best perspective for each encounter, adding variety while keeping focused on the action.

★ Tense, quick and gory battle sequences!
- Battle hordes of on-screen enemies wielding new weapons and sporting unique abilities.
- Stay nimble and plan your attacks – roll out of harm’s way and eliminate ranged enemies like the Samurai Archer before they can strike.

★ Improved game play includes new features.
- Solve environmental puzzles, avoid dangerous traps, and discover useful items.
- The fight is on - not to worry, the combat never takes a back seat to platforming or fetch-quests.

★ RPG elements reward skilled players – upgrade the Samurai’s health, buy new attack combos and upgrade them to devastating levels.

★ Between levels, gorgeous anime-style comic panels tell the samurai’s tale with original hand-drawn artwork.

★ New survival mode pits the samurai against waves of enemies, giving hardcore players a score-attack mode to hone their skills. Two games in one!

★ Runs at 60 frames per second on all Tegra 2 Devices

★ Advanced AI system on par with console games. Goal Oriented Action Planning architecture is used in many PC, PS3, and Xbox 360 games.

★ Samurai II is developed on the Unity 3D 3.2 engine, the latest technology available on mobile devices.

★ Original soundtrack – in classic samurai movie style, soft music builds with the heat of battle.

*60 FPS only on capable devices.


-Released By The Market Militia-
