The Elder Scrolls I: Arena



Arena is the first game in the Elder Scrolls series. Emperor Uriel Septim VII is betrayed by Imperial Battlemage Jagar Tharn and imprisoned in another realm. You alone are left to travel the vast continent of Tamriel in search of the legendary Staff of Chaos that will allow you to rescue the true Emperor and restore peace to the Empire.

Although it was the first of the series and received very little attention, Arena became a cult classic that spread in popularity through word-of-mouth, and it secured Bethesda's place in the RPG industry.

The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall



Daggerfall, the second game in the Elder Scrolls series, takes place in the provinces of Hammerfell and High Rock. The Emperor recruits you to exorcise the walking spirit of the late King of Daggerfall, but soon the story unfolds to something far greater than avenging the death of a noble...

The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind



Morrowind is the third installment in the Elder Scrolls series. The game takes place on the island of Vvardenfell, a district in the Dunmeri province of Morrowind. It is smaller in scope than the previous games in the main series, Daggerfall and Arena, yet much more detailed. This epic, open-ended RPG allows for a wide variety of character designs and play styles. The game continues to be sold on store shelves eight years after its initial release, partially due to the widespread mod community which has the potential to supply Morrowind with new content in perpetuity. The Xbox 360 is backwards compatible with Morrowind.

The Elder Scrolls III: Tribunal



Tribunal is the first of two expansion packs for Morrowind. It takes place in Mournhold, a Temple city inside the capital of the Dunmeri province of Morrowind. The story unfolds as you are drawn into the machinations and intrigues of two opposing forces: The rising power of the ruthless new King Hlaalu Helseth, and the desperate attempts of Almalexia, being stripped of the source of her own Immortality, to keep her hold on the people. Through a series of quests, both sides seek to manipulate you (as the Nerevarine) to their advantage.

The Elder Scrolls III: Bloodmoon



Bloodmoon is the latter of the two expansion packs for Morrowind. It takes place on Solstheim, an icy island north-west of Vvardenfell.

The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion



Oblivion, the fourth game in the Elder Scrolls series, is set within the province of Cyrodiil, the heartland and Imperial capital of Tamriel. Emperor Uriel Septim VII is assassinated in flight from his own palace, but just before he dies he passes to you - the foreordained of his dreams - the mystic Amulet of Kings. The adventure begins with the quest to find Uriel's lost and illegitimate son, the only heir to the throne. In a world where the forces of darkness seek their ultimate dominion over the ranks of man and mer alike, you alone stand between the future of Tamriel and the gates of Oblivion.

The Elder Scrolls IV: All DLC

Fighter's Stronghold
Horse Armor Pack
Mehrunes' Razor
Orrery
Spell Tomes
Thieves Den
Vile Lair
Wizard's Tower

The Elder Scrolls IV: Knights of The Nine



Knights of the Nine is an official plug-in released by Bethesda for Oblivion. KotN, as it is often abbreviated, is substantially larger than most of the other plug-ins. A list of frequently-asked questions and their answers can be found on the FAQs page.

A fallen King has been unchained from the darkness of Oblivion to seek vengeance upon the Gods who banished him. Only a champion pure of heart can vanquish the evil that has been released upon the land. You must heed the call, reclaim the lost relics of the Divine Crusader, and return the Nine to glory. New dungeons, characters, quests, and mysteries await.

The Elder Scrolls IV: Shivering Isles



Shivering Isles is the first and only major expansion for Oblivion. It takes place in Sheogorath's plane of Oblivion. Sheogorath seeks a mortal as his champion. Many mysteries await your investigations in this twisted, split reality that the Prince of Madness calls the Shivering Isles.

An Elder Scrolls Legend: Battlespire



Battlespire is the first (and probably only) game in the spinoff series called An Elder Scrolls Legend. It was originally conceived as an expansion to Daggerfall, but evolved into a standalone game. The action takes place within a single multi-level dungeon, the Battlespire, where the player is sent to investigate some unusual events. It also features a multiplayer option.

The Elder Scrolls Adventures: Redguard



Redguard is the first (and probably only) game in the spinoff series called The Elder Scrolls Adventures. Unlike the main sequence of Elder Scrolls role-playing games, Redguard is designed as an action-adventure game. The player character is Cyrus, a Redguard mercenary, who returns to his native Stros M'Kai in search of his missing sister, Iszara.

The Elder Scrolls Travels: Stormhold



Misfortune has landed you in Stormhold prison, run by reputed lunatic Quintus Varus. You must find the few who can help you, and overcome the challenges of Stormhold until you are strong enough to defeat the evil warden.

The Elder Scrolls Travels: Dawntar



Your assignment in the exile post of Dawnstar begins poorly, as glacier tribes are raiding this far northern town. Governor Vinticae informs you that he needs you to find his four champions (Alhavara, Beatrice, Chung, and Delacroix), one of whom is probably a traitor in league with the tribes. You must survive the rigors of Dawnstar, choose friends carefully, gain enough power to defeat enemies, and restore your good name.

The Elder Scrolls Travels: Shadowkey



War comes to Hammerfell, danger and ambition consuming three kingdoms. But some dangers arrive not upon studded boot, but move in stealth among the shadows. For a war of magics roils in the shadows, mixing with, and as dangerous as the war fought with steel. But unknown to kings and High Mages, the flames of war will forge a hero. It is this hero's destiny to alter theirs, and change the world of... Shadowkey.

The Elder Scrolls Travels: Oblivion



With the empire ready to crumble, the gates of Oblivion open and demons march upon the land. You must find the lost heir to the throne and unravel the sinister plot that threatens to destroy all of Tamriel.

Emulators Included
KEmulator (for Travels games minus shadowkey)
Dosbox SVN with glide
TES Dosbox Helper

for install information
visit: http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Main_Page