These movies were compiled by total sci-fi online, I agree with this list for the most part. And if you must experience these movies do so in the theater or buy them. They Are a Must have in any movie collection. And if the RIAA or any organization or UNION wants a piece tough, I got nothin.
Language info. English for the most part. or shall I say Native languages for the most part. there are a few russian films and one french one,and a few japanese but Sub titles are included if not embeded.
1) Blade Runner (1982)
Like many of the movies on this list, Blade Runner was not a critical or commercial success on its initial release. Some critics at the time simply dismissed it as style over substance. Yet, along with its unforgettable depiction of a neon-lit LA that is essentially a mash-up of Western and Eastern cultures, Ridley Scott’s film is backed up by a real sense of sadness, fear and longing, and an often overlooked wry humour. As Deckard, Harrison Ford proved he could pull off a much darker hero than Han Solo, and Rutger Hauer gave the performance of his career as the psychotic, feral and ultimately tragic Roy Batty. A masterpiece.

2) 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)
Stanley Kubrick’s grand, mind-bending trip into the unknown is science fiction of grand ideas. At times the film is as enigmatic as the universe itself, and Kubrick works in everything from human evolution to the perils of technology, and unlike many later spectacle-driven genre films, there is a real depth behind the groundbreaking special effects. Complex, strangely unsettling and magnificent.

3) Star Wars (1977)
Iconic, spectacular, groundbreaking, epic in both scope and ambition - if you haven’t seen Star Wars then, well, you’re probably not interested in reading a list about SF movies. While it might not convey the big science fiction ideas of other movies on this list, Star Wars works because it is pure, escapist fun and because it successfully builds a believable, cohesive galaxy that we are still exploring to this day.

4) Alien (1979)
On paper the plot sounds simple stuff: the crew of a spaceship are stalked by a relentless monster. Yet this is anything but a simple movie. It’s been much analysed by theorists for its portrayal of femininity (both in the strong heroine of Ripley and the film’s sexual imagery), while all of the crew members are complex and believable creations. And, of course, it’s incredibly frightening: the unveiling of Ash’s true identity is almost as scary as the xenomorph itself.

5) Metropolis (1927)
Over 80 years since it was originally released, Metropolis retains its power to awe. Fritz Lang creates a dazzling (and much-aped) vision of an industrial dystopia, but after its 1927 premiere the film only existed in a heavily edited version until it enjoyed a full reconstruction in 2002.

6) The Day the Earth Stood Still (1951)
The definitive 1950s SF flick holds an obvious warning about the increasing brinkmanship between the USA and USSR, but the story of alien fugitive Klaatu actually unfolds in a calm and surprisingly realistic manner. The special effects, including the flying saucer and robot companion Gort, are a lot more convincing than in the 2008 CG-heavy remake.

7) The Terminator (1984)
James Cameron works wonders on a minuscule budget in this tense and incredibly efficient thriller. The tantalising glimpses of the future war are more frightening than those seen in the recent big budget Terminator: Salvation, and Brad Fiedel provides one of the most memorable movie theme tunes of all time. And though he may not have troubled the Oscars, Schwarzenegger’s lack of emotional range is perfectly suited to the relentless killing machine.

8) Planet of the Apes (1968)
A dramatic crash landing and a shrieking shrivelled corpse signal the start of this intelligent allegory, made at the height of the cold war. Its ending is one of the most iconic moments in cinema, bringing to a close the first chapter of the first major science fiction franchise.

9) E.T. (1982)
E.T. is warm-hearted without descending into mawkishness. In part this is down to natural performances from Henry Thomas and Drew Barrymore as the children who treat their alien visitor with respect and kindness – in contrast to most of the adults in the picture. In fact E.T. becomes kind of frightening in the second half with the doctors flocking around the little fellow and suits waving guns around (or rather less threatening walkie-talkies if you’re watching Spielberg’s revised version).

10) Solaris (1972)
Andrei Tarkovsky’s existential SF drama is often described as the Russian 2001 – but it’s much more than that. It’s a hypnotic, minimalist masterpiece, though these days it has as many detractors as fans. Steven Soderbergh directed a surprisingly successful remake in 2002.

11) Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977)
Cerebral narrative and whimsical fantasy are not always comfortable bedfellows, but Steven Spielberg’s 1977 classic handles both with ease. Whether it’s the restrained original or the unnecessary special edition, Close Encounters is a thoughtful tale that is as much inspiring as it is life affirming.

12) Forbidden Planet (1956)
It’s The Tempest in space! And it’s still brilliant! One of the most colourful, charming SF films ever made, FP’s highlights include the benign Robbie the Robot and the bloodcurdling invisible Id monster…

13) The Empire Strikes Back (1980)
Sequels don’t get any better than this. Opening with the Hoth battle and concluding with Darth Vader’s dramatic revelation to Luke, The Empire Strikes Back is constructed of scenes awash with imagination. The film also saw real emotional development for its leads and some great new characters like Lando and Boba Fett.

14) A Trip to the Moon (1902)
Georges Méliès’s 14-minute wonder astonished audiences at the turn of the 20th Century – and still does today. Méliès was one of the founding fathers of cinema, and this early narrative movie contains pioneering special effects and editing techniques. The Smashing Pumpkins’ video Tonight Tonight was inspired by the film.

15) Aliens (1986)
James Cameron cleverly eschewed aping the original, and instead upped the alien quotient and delivered one of the most purely exciting films ever made. But this is no brainless actioner. Cameron waits almost an hour before the acid-blooded xenomorphs make an appearance, while the film transformed Ripley into a bona fide iconic action heroine. There’s also a memorable selection of supporting characters (Hicks, Hudson, Newt, Vasquez) and instantly quotable dialogue (“game over man!”).

16) Silent Running (1972)
‘Eco-themed sci-fi’ isn’t the most exciting phrase in the world, but Douglas Trumball’s masterpiece isn’t An Inconvenient Truth in space. It’s a distillation of early 1970s ideals, with a moving, subtle performance from a youthful Bruce Dern. And with Trumball in the director’s chair, it’s no surprise that that the effects are terrific.

17) Brazil (1985)
Terry Gilliam’s best movie was a flop on its initial US release, but is now recognised as a SF masterpiece. A dystopian thriller with a large dose of Python-esque humour, Brazil remains a true one off.

18) Akira (1988)
Akira was instrumental in the explosion of interest in anime and manga in the English-speaking world, and influenced pretty much every SF anime movie that followed. It’s difficult to follow at times, but the film remains a dizzying achievement.

19) Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan (1982)
The best Trek movie by miles, this is an edgy, exciting and often very funny movie that feels much more than an extended TV episode. The makers even had the guts to kill Spock! OK, so they did bring him back in the next one…

20) Total Recall (1990)
Based (very) loosely on Philip K Dick’s short story We Can Remember It For You Wholesale, Total Recall has both brains and brawn. When Arnie discovers that his memories are fake, he heads to Mars to find the truth. Cue foul-mouthed robot taxi drivers, ultra-violence and a three-breasted woman.

21) The Matrix (1999)
The Wachowski Brothers’ movie had it all: groundbreaking ‘flo-mo’ battles, ice cool characters, nods to spaghetti westerns and a large dose of cod philosophy, in an innovative, much-loved actioner. Even the lame sequels can’t detract from the film’s ingenuity.

22) Tron (1982)
Tron was ignored for many years, but is now widely accepted as a genre landmark, combining stunning – and unique – computer graphics in an effectively simple story of programmers battling inside an electronic world. The long-awaited sequel, Tron Legacy, is expected in 2010.

23) The Thing (1982)
A much-improved remake of 1950s quickie The Thing From Another World, John Carpenter’s best movie is an unbearably tense story of a shape-shifting alien at an Antarctic research station. A tight and astonishingly bleak chiller, The Thing boasts well-drawn characters and sick, sick effects from Rob Bottin.

24) RoboCop (1987)
Part man, part machine, all cop! Paul Verhoeven’s ultra-violent satire is lean, mean and often very funny, and benefits from great playing from the likes of Kurtwood Smith, Ronny Cox, Nancy Allen and, of course, Peter Weller as Murphy.

25) Jurassic Park (1993)
It was as if Spielberg had rediscovered what he loved about cinema in the first place after years of ‘serious’ Oscar-chasing movies. The magic mix of photo-realistic dinosaurs, a thrilling adventure story and a group of protagonists you could actually care about made for a movie that really seemed to be 65 million years in the making!


Enjoy and Seed!!