Collection of small utilities for comfortable work with your PDF files. Includes 21 tools for all occasions.

PDFcamp Printer (PDF Writer) v2.3 is a quick and easy PDF creation software that converts any type of printable document, including DOC, XLS, PPT, TXT and even HTML, to a universally accepted PDF file with the click of a button. This gives users a convenient and simple way to share any type of Windows document. PDFcamp Printer (PDF Writer) installs and operates as a printer driver, making the creation of PDF documents as easy as printing. PDFcamp Printer (PDF Writer) answers the need of corporations and individuals for a low-cost, yet easy to implement and easy to use, PDF file creation solution.

VeryPDF PDF Editor v2.6 is an easy-to-use application designed for users familiar with MS Office and similar applications. VeryPDF PDF Editor provides tools to enable you freely write your own comments to the PDF document and share the comments with others. It also provides a very convenient way for you to add contents or change the text or add text in any font you like, especially in filling out electronic forms, correct spelling errors, delete words completely and so on. You can save, move, copy, paste and print the comments and contents.

PDF to Word v3.0 software enable export the text, images and other contents from PDF document into word document, so you can reuse your PDF content, PDF to Word software will preserving text, layout and bitmap images in the generated word document. PDF2Word (PDF to Word) software is a standalone program and does not require Microsoft Word, Adobe Acrobat, or even Acrobat Reader.

PDF2TXT (PDF To TEXT) v3.2 software can extract text from PDF files, it does NOT need Adobe Acrobat software. PDF2TXT (PDF to Text) processes at very high speed and you can convert multiple PDF files to text files at one time.

Image2PDF Converter v3.2 can create PDF documents from 40+ image formats (include TIFF, JPG, GIF, PNG, BMP, PSD, WMF, EMF, PCX, PIC, etc.). This product may be used as a command line tool, to convert image files to PDF files on the fly.

Image2PDF OCR Converter v3.2 provides the most accurate OCR technology to convert image files to text searchable PDF files.

PDF2HTML (PDF to HTML) v2.0 software product converts PDF files to HTML files while seeking to preserve the original page layout (as best as technically possible). PDF2HTML enables the conversion of layout originally designed for paper to be used on the Internet.

VeryPDF HTML Converter v2.0 is a powerful HTML conversion product. It allows you to create previews or thumbnails of web pages in a number of different formats, such as TIF, TIFF, JPG, JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP, PCX, TGA, JP2 (JPEG2000), PNM, etc. It also allows you to convert web pages to PDF, PS (postscript), WMF, EMF vector formats.

PDF Extract TIFF v2.0 software is a simple and affordable extraction tool that facilitates the reuse of PDF files by enabling you to extract images from PDF files and save them as TIFF images.

PDF To Image Converter (PDF2Image) v2.1 is an application program based on Windows platform, which can directly convert PDF files to dozens of image formats, it does support whole PDF file to image file conversion, include text, line, arc, ellipse, Bezier, color, image, form and other type elements.

AutoCAD DWG and DXF To PDF Converter v2.2 allows you convert DWG to PDF, DXF to PDF directly without need of AutoCAD, it converts DWG and DXF files into vector PDF files, quick and easily.

VeryPDF PCL Converter v2.0 quickly converts PCL and PXL print files to Adobe Acrobat PDF files as well as TIF, TIFF, JPG, JPEG, BMP, PCX, PXL files. This is not a raster based conversion. VeryPDF PCL Converter can be used to create either bitmap files (PCX, TIF, JPEG, BMP etc.) at various resolutions or searchable PDF files.

PDF to PowerPoint Converter v2.0 can be used to batch convert Acrobat PDF files to PowerPoint (PPT) presentations. PDF to PowerPoint Converter is a professional PDF solution to convert PDF to PowerPoint 2010, 2007, 2003, 2000, etc. formats. It can retain all the original layouts, text content, images, and hyperlinks in the generated PPT presentations.

PDF Password Remover v3.1 can be used to decrypt protected Adobe Acrobat PDF files, which have "owner" password set, preventing the file from editing (changing), printing, selecting text and graphics. Decryption is being done instantly. Decrypted file can be opened in any PDF viewer (e.g. Adobe Acrobat Reader) without any restrictions.

Encrypt PDF v2.3 software is a very flexible and powerful program, Encrypt PDF software allows you to encrypt (using standard 40-bit or 128-bit supported by Acrobat Reader 5.0 and up) existing PDFs, set permissions, add user and owner password. For example you can encrypt a PDF without to allow to print it. The button to print the file will be disabled in Acrobat Reader application, you also can encrypt a PDF allowing the user to read it only if he know the correct password.

PDF Split-Merge v3.0 is used to split files by pages, you can split the file into single pages or save every a few pages as a new file, it also can be used to merge multiple PDF files or selected pages from one or more files into a PDF file, preservation of original links, and form fields.

VeryPDF PDF Stamp v2.3 lets you stamp watermarks such as "Confidential" on pages that include sensitive information or "Draft" on a preliminary PDF document to be distributed for review. You can stamp PDF document names, revision numbers, Date/Time stamps, pages numbers, contact information or any text that you need added to the file.

VeryPDF Form Filler v3.1 enables you to fill out interactive PDF forms without the need for Adobe Acrobat. PDF Form Filler can be used to save interactive PDF electronic forms to your computer to fill in and print at your convenience, send the FDF or completed forms via e-mail, and apply 128-bit encryption or password protection to your PDF documents.

Advanced PDF Tools v2.0 is a fast and easy to use utility to maintain your PDF files, it allows you to edit PDF document information fields of single or multiple PDF files, it also allows you to set open action, page layout, page size, page margin, page orientation, metadata, optimize for the web (linearize), compression and others into your existing PDF files.

PowerPoint to Flash Converter v3.0 is a powerful application that convert PowerPoint to flash presentations.

PowerPoint Converter v3.0 can batch convert PowerPoint files to Flash (SWF), PDF, PS (Postscript), EMF, WMF, MHTML, HTML, RTF, TIFF, BMP, GIF, JPG, PNG, etc. files, PowerPoint Converter supports both GUI and Command Line operations.

OS: Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7