Sprinkle Junior v1.0.1
Requirements: Android 2.3+
Overview: A wet playground for kids of all ages!


A water-physics based playground for kids of all ages! The Junior version of Sprinkle lets players splash an unlimited amount of water on a variety of fun and playful levels! Much easier than its senior, Sprinkle Junior focuses on goofy fun rather than tricky puzzles.

Sprinkle is enjoyed by over three million people across the planet, don't miss out on this special version designed for our youngest earthlings.

Using some of the most realistic water physics seen on an iOS device yet, Sprinkle Junior is full of splashy surprises and entertaining environments.

Sprinkle Junior features:
* Incredibly realistic and fascinating water physics
* Intuitive touch controls
* 22 unique and creative levels
* Blocks, boulders and contraptions

Sprinkle Junior is completely free from in app purchases, parents can let their kids play without needing to worry about additional costs.

What's in this version:
Sprinkle Junior is now compatible with Android 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich.



Sprinkle v1.7.1
Requirements: Android 2.3+
Overview: Ready, Aim, Squirt!



Using a water cannon mounted on a crane, players must adjust the height and angle of the cannon to fight fires, move obstacles, spin wheels and activate traps in this challenging water-physics based puzzler! But squirt carefully as you will run out of water and the less water you use, the more drops you earn!
Sprinkle is available for devices running Android 2.3 or greater!
Using some of the most realistic water physics seen on an Android device yet, Sprinkle is a brain-teasing game that will have players straining to figure out each puzzle and obstacle.

Sprinkle features:
Amazing water physics – Some of the most realistic water physics ever seen on an Android device make Sprinkle an exciting and addictive puzzler.
Brain-teasing puzzles – What starts as simply pointing and spraying to quench each fire becomes much more challenging through the 72 levels, as players must overcome the intricacies of each puzzle before time and water run out.
Blocks, boulders, and cogs oh my – Use the power of your water cannon to move blocks of ice and boulders, spin giant cogs, and depress traps inorder to reach and extinguish every last fire.

The inhabitants of Titan, a moon of Saturn, lived out their days peacefully in their straw hut homes – until space tourists from Earth crashed through Saturn’s rings, bringing a storm of flaming asteroids crashing down on the Titans. To combat the widespread fires threatening their homes, the Titans have built a massive water cannon. And they need you to man it!

Xperia PLAY Optimized!

What's in this version:
-Sprinkle is now ready for Ice Cream Sandwich!