Strike Back [Season 1]

Chris Ryan's Strike Back is a six-part British television series based on the novel of the same name written by best-selling author and former soldier of the Special Air Service, Chris Ryan. It was produced by Left Bank Pictures for Sky1. The cast of Strike Back is led by Richard Armitage and Andrew Lincoln, also starring Orla Brady, Shelley Conn, Colin Salmon and Jodhi May, including a variety of guest appearances including Toby Stephens, Ewen Bremner, Dhaffer L'Abidine, Shaun Parkes and Alexander Siddig. The series follows John Porter (Armitage), a former British Special Forces soldier, who is drafted back into service by Section 20 of the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6).

Series Plot:

The series takes place in a six-episode format. It follows the actions of John Porter (Richard Armitage), a former SAS Sergeant, and Hugh Collinson (Andrew Lincoln), a Section 20 officer in the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). Both of them took part in a botched operation on the eve of the 2003 invasion of Iraq where two soldiers in their unit were killed. The series is divided on three main story lines that took place seven years later. The first two episodes focus on the kidnapping of Katie Dartmouth (Orla Brady), a British journalist, outside Basra, Iraq. Porter is redrafted to rescue her. The next two episodes take place in Zimbabwe, where the Government accuses the UK of orchestrating the assassination plot of Robert Mugabe; Porter is to enter the same prison the apparent shooter is being held and aids in breaking out. The last two episodes take place in Afghanistan and Pakistan, where a computer hacker is responsible for killing several American troops in Helmand Province. A loose arc also takes place during the series concerning who killed the soldiers.

Strike Back: Project Dawn [Season 2]

Strike Back: Project Dawn, as it is known in the United Kingdom (or just Strike Back in the United States) is a ten-part British-American action serial television series, and is the second series of Strike Back. However the only cast member to return from the original series was Richard Armitage in the first episode. The main cast for the series includes Philip Winchester, Sullivan Stapleton, Amanda Mealing, Eva Birthistle, Michelle Lukes and Rhashan Stone.

Series Plot:

Strike Back: Project Dawn follows Section 20, a secret branch of the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6), which is trying to stop Latif, a Pakistani terrorist, who is plotting "Project Dawn". John Porter (Richard Armitage), the main character of the first series, is captured by Latif's men while trying to figure out Latif's plan. Section 20 sends Michael Stonebridge (Philip Winchester) and Damian Scott (Sullivan Stapleton) to find and rescue Porter and uncover Latif's plans. Their first lead sends the team to a hotel in India, which is later seized by terrorists. Winchester added "[Section 20] are trying to figure out whether or not he has his hands on WMDs or he knows where they are or whether it is a ploy to try and distract everyone from something else he is doing." The search for Latif also leads Section 20 to other worldwide locations, including Cape Town, Sudan, Kosovo and Vienna.
