School House Rock 30th anniv. 2-disc complete

Video Codec..........: MPEG-2 
Video Bitrate........: 4131kbps 
Duration.............: 2:25:47
Resolution...........: 720*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Filesize.............: 4,509,499,392 
Subtitles............: English
Compression..........: 37%

Video Codec..........: MPEG-2 
Video Bitrate........: 5597kbps 
Duration.............: 1:41:18
Resolution...........: 720*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Filesize.............: 4,247,224,320
Compression..........: 0% 

 
http://bayimg.com/haebKAADa
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069627/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/School_House_Rock


Schoolhouse Rock! is an American series of animated musical educational short films that aired during the Saturday morning children's programming on the U.S. television network ABC. The topics covered included grammar, science, economics, history, mathematics, and civics. The series' original run lasted from 1973 to 1985, and was later revived with both old and new episodes airing from 1993 to 1999. Additional episodes were produced as recently as 2009 for direct-to-video release.

Origins and history

Schoolhouse Rock! began as a commercial advertising venture by David McCall. The idea came to McCall when he noticed one of his sons, who was having trouble in school remembering the multiplication tables, knew the lyrics to many current rock songs. The first song recorded was "Three Is a Magic Number", written by Bob Dorough. It tested well, so a children's record was compiled and released. Tom Yohe listened to the first song, and began to doodle pictures to go with the lyrics. He told McCall that the songs would make good animation.

When a print workbook version fell through, McCall's company decided to produce their own animated versions of the songs, which they then sold to ABC (which already was McCall's company's biggest advertising account) based on a demo animation of the original "Three Is A Magic Number" for its Saturday morning lineup. They pitched their idea to Michael Eisner, then vice-president of ABC's children's programming division. Eisner brought longtime Warner Bros. cartoonist/director Chuck Jones to the meeting to also listen to the presentation.

The network's children's programming division had producers of its regular 30- and 60-minute programs cut three minutes out of each of their shows, and sold General Foods on the idea of sponsoring the segments. The series stayed on the air for 12 years. Later sponsors of the Schoolhouse Rock! segments included Nabisco, General Foods, Kenner Toys, Kellogg's, and McDonald's.

Thirty-seven episodes were recorded and produced between 1972 and 1980. The first season of Schoolhouse Rock, "Multiplication Rock," discussed all of the multiplication tables from two through twelve, with one episode devoted to powers of ten instead of multiples of ten. "Multiplication Rock" debuted all of its episodes in 1973. It was followed in short order by "Grammar Rock," which discussed the key elements of grammar, one for each song (e.g. nouns, verbs, adjectives). "Grammar Rock" ran new episodes from 1973 to 1975. In 1975 and 1976, to coincide with the upcoming United States bicentennial, a series of "America Rock" episodes aired, covering important moments in American history and the structure of the United States government. "Science Rock" followed in 1978 and 1979, and included a broad range of science-related topics (most were related to human anatomy, but the rest ranged widely from electricity to the solar system).

A follow-up series, "Computer Rock," debuted in the early 1980s. These were four segments about the then-novel personal computer technology. The shorts featured two characters by the name of Scooter Computer and Mister Chips; these were the only episodes in the series to feature any recurring characters. The "Computer Rock" series was never rerun after 1984, as its depiction of personal computers had quickly become dated.

After temporarily leaving the airwaves in 1985, Schoolhouse Rock returned in the 1990s. The team reunited to produce two more Grammar Rock segments ("Busy Prepositions" and "The Tale of Mr. Morton") in 1993. It was followed by a brand new series, "Money Rock," which discussed topics related to money management on both the personal and governmental scale. "Money Rock" aired in rotation with the rest of the original Schoolhouse Rock segments, rotating in new episodes from 1994 to 1996. The show ceased airing on television in 2000, and future new episodes would be released directly to DVD and VHS.

In 2002, the team once again reunited to produce a new song, "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College" for the release of the 30th Anniversary DVD. For the new song, Tom Yohe Jr. took over as lead designer for his father Yohe Sr., who had died in 2000.[1] Another contemporary song, called "Presidential Minute", which explained the process of electing the President of the United States in greater detail, was included on the 2008 DVD "Schoolhouse Rock! Election Collection", which centered on songs relating to American history and government.

Multiplication Rock

My Hero, Zero
Elementary, My Dear
Three Is a Magic Number
The Four-Legged Zoo
Ready or Not, Here I Come
I Got Six
Lucky Seven Sampson
Figure Eight
Naughty Number Nine
The Good Eleven
Little Twelvetoes

Grammar Rock

Conjunction Junction
Unpack Your Adjectives
Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here
Interjections!
Rufus Xavier Sarsaparilla
Verb: That's What's Happening
A Noun Is A Person, Place Or Thing
Busy Prepositions
The Tale of Mr. Morton

America Rock

Elbow Room
Fireworks
The Great American Melting Pot
I'm Just a Bill
Mother Necessity
No More Kings
The Preamble
The Shot Heard 'Round The World
Sufferin' Till Suffrage
Three Ring Government
I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College
Presidential Minute

Science Rock

The Body Machine
Do the Circulation
Electricity Electricity
The Energy Blues
Interplanet Janet
Telegraph Line
Them Not-So-Dry Bones
A Victim of Gravity
The Greatest Show on Earth/The Weather Show

Special Features

Disc 1:

All 46 songs
All new song I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College
"Play-All" feature
"Shuffle-All" feature
Top Ten Jukebox
Hidden easter egg with artwork and photos

Disc 2:

The long lost song The Weather Show
Never-Before-Released Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips 3 song set
Behind the scenes of the all-new song, with intro by Micheal Eisner
Top 20 Countdown
"Earn Your Diploma" trivia game
Arrange-A-Song puzzles
4 Music videos by contemporary artists
Emmy awards featurette
Nike commercial of Three Is A Magic Number
Audio commentaries
5.1 DTS of I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College
