S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Hunted: The Demon's Forge (c) Bethesda Softworks

31-05-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
RPG..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Powered by the Unreal 3 engine, Hunted: The Demons Forge is a fresh
take on the classic fantasy game that delivers the intensity and action
of a modern-day shooter. Taking control of either Elara, a ranged
weapon expert, or Caddoc, a master swordsman, you and your partner will
descend into a dark and foreboding world for an unforgettable
cooperative experience. As you travel deep within the world of Kala
Moor, you will use a variety of deadly weapons, powerful spells, and
cover tactics to face down wave after wave of vicious enemies. It will
take the combined efforts of two great warriors to explore menacing
dungeons, overgrown ruins, and downtrodden towns  and discover the
secrets of the Demon's Forge.

Features:

An Unreal Dark Fantasy: Powered by the Unreal 3 engine, the dark world
of Hunted comes to life as a third-person fantasy game with the
intensity and action of a modern-day shooter. Hunted boasts stunning
visuals with breath-taking vistas and foreboding underground worlds.

Co-op at a Distance: Combine E'lara's ranged attacks with Caddoc's
melee expertise to pull off gruesome co-op kill moves, perform special
attacks, and heal one another from anywhere on the battlefield. The
characters differing combat expertise allows a player's strategy to
vary from one play through to the next.

Descend into Dungeon Depths: Work with your co-op partner to discover
hidden paths and solve the devious puzzles that block your way. Explore
menacing dungeons, overgrown ruins, and terrorized towns to discover
treasure and powerful upgrades.

Two Ways to Fight: Wade into the thick of the fight using deadly melee
skills, or tactically use cover to dispatch hordes of creatures with
bows and spells. Use powerful magic to boost your partner's combat
effectiveness and even the odds against increasingly formidable
enemies.

Forge Your Own Levels: Create and share your own challenging dungeon
designs with The Crucible, a powerful in-game editor that provides
endless opportunities for exploration and battles for you and your
friends.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2 into the game
installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK
CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision