THE GAME
Prepare yourself for the ultimate sci-fi adventure by entering the hilarious and sizzling world of The Baconing created by Hothead Games. 

You are DeathSpank, a hero and the ultimate Dispenser of Justice. You must defeat the Anti-Spank and his army of Cyborques, before they cast an evil shadow over Spanktopia. 

Unaware of the myth of The Baconing, the hero DeathSpank, on a boring day in Spanktopia, decided to try on all of the thong undergarments at once. Much to his surprise, the result had nothing to do with chafing or wedgies, but rather the summoning of an evil incarnation of himself, the AntiSpank.

Balance can only be restored to the world by entering the Fires of Bacon and destroying five of the thongs. Now, DeathSpank travels the lands to find a sizzling solution to vanquish the AntiSpank and bring about peace once again to Spanktopia.

★★★ Full Game Features ★★★ 

★ Explore unique locations such as The Forbidden Zone, Rainbow’s End and Hell’s Half Acre in a pop-up book style adventure.
★ Over 100 quests, challenging boss fights and mind bending puzzles to complete
★ Meet a cast of crazy characters, including The Nuclear Family, Z.I.M.O.N, The retired Gods, Elvis and Mutoe the edible abomination 
★ Unleash devastating attacks on the enemy with the all-powerful Weapons of Justice
★ Control the battlefield with tactical precision by using your Shield Bash, Perfect Reflect and Charged Attacks 
★ Play local co-op with a friend and choose from one of four amazing sidekicks

Minimum Requirements 

OS: Mac OS X v10.6 or greater 
Processor: Intel 
CPU Speed: 1.8 GHz 
Memory: 1.5 GB RAM 
Hard Disk Space: 2 GB free disk space 
Video Card: ATI Radeon x1900 or better / NVIDIA 8600M or better 
Video Memory (VRAM): 128 MB or higher 

* To play with a controller, the controller must be active before you start the game. This is even necessary if your save file 
was originally created with a controller. 

* Third party drivers are required to play this game using Xbox 360 controllers.