From Booklist
Many people of various backgrounds believe that the last days are upon us and see the fulfillment of prophecies every night in the evening news. Armageddon Now is a reference work covering "end-of-the-world scenarios" from biblical accounts to the threat of nuclear war.

The work has 200 entries covering both the secular and the religious. One hundred black-and-white photographs and illustrations accompany the text. The entries vary in length from several paragraphs on topics such as Dualism to the six-page Armageddon. Many end with a brief bibliography of sources. Scientific articles include Earthquakes in various places, Ecological exploitation, and Plagues. The article Rapture is typical of the religious entries. It begins with biblical passages using the term; discusses the various problems or controversies, such as The nature of resurrected bodies; and compares Old Testament and New Testament views. Most of the articles dealing with religion cover Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, but other religions are also treated in such entries as Nordic mythology of the endtimes and Zoroastrianism. People such as Edgar Cayce, Albert Einstein, Nostradamus, and Carl Sagan are included. Even Aliens and Unidentified flying objects have articles connecting them to Armageddon. The Left Behind books and Hal Lindsay's Late Great Planet Earth are mentioned often as popular sources of information. The volume ends with a bibliography of many of the sources cited in the text and a lengthy index with the main headings in boldface type.

Although thousands of books have been published on Armageddon, there are few current titles in a reference format. Armageddon Now is well written and informative and not at all pedantic. It is interesting to browse as well as use as a reference resource and is a recommended purchase for all libraries where this topic is of interest, especially public libraries. Abbie Vestal Landry
Copyright © American Library Association. All rights reserved
Review

"This book would be referred to time and time again as a great reference book . . . I enjoyed it greatly."  —Horrornews.net
 
http://www.amazon.com/Armageddon-Now-End-World-ebook/dp/B003V1WXLO/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1304172845&sr=8-3