These Vinyl rips were recorded on a Denon DP-45F turntable using an Audio Technica AT120E cartridge. The preamplifier was a Cambridge 640P. Sound card, an ASUS XONAR Essence ST (Windows 7).
Recorded using Audacity 1.3 Beta. Pops, Clicks, and Noise removed using iZotope Rx Advanced 2.01 software.
iZotope was easily the most important part of this process. Some of my vinyl is fifty years old. All were recorded using 32 bit float at 96 kHz sample rate, then ouputed to 32 bit 96 kHz WAV files, then edited with iZotope. The edited WAV files were then converted to 24-96 FLAC files and 320 bitrate mp3 at 48 kHz sample rate.

This is A Lot of work folks!





                                                  Underground



Underground is a 1968 album by Thelonious Monk. It features Monk on piano, Larry Gales on bass, Charlie Rouse on tenor sax, and Ben Riley on drums.

Although this album is most widely-known for its provocative cover image, which depicts Monk as a fictitious French Resistance fighter in the Second World War, it contains a number of new Monk compositions, some of which only appear in recorded form on this album. This is the last Monk album featuring the Thelonious Monk Quartet, and the last featuring Charlie Rouse (who only appears on half the tracks).
 Comments on Tracks

    * "Ugly Beauty" is the only waltz among Thelonious Monk's recorded compositions.
    * "Raise Four" is a blues with an extraordinarily simple but dissonant melody.
    * "Boo Boo's Birthday" and "Green Chimneys" are named after Monk's daughter Barbara, Boo Boo being her nickname, and "Green Chimneys" being the name of the school she attended. "Boo Boo's Birthday" has an unorthodox structure among even Monk's tunes, being 21 bars in length and having an unusual harmonic structure.
    * "In Walked Bud", first recorded in 1947, is based on the chord progression of "Blue Skies" and is dedicated to Monk's friend and fellow jazz pianist, Bud Powell. Jazz vocalese artist Jon Hendricks appears on this track, adding lyrics to the song's melody.

 Track listing

   1. "Thelonious" – 3:13
   2. "Ugly Beauty" – 3:17
   3. "Raise Four" – 5:47
   4. "Boo Boo's Birthday" – 5:56
   5. "Easy Street" – 5:53
   6. "Green Chimneys" – 9:00
   7. "In Walked Bud" – 4:17
