-      Game Type...: Strategy          # of Disks.: 26  4.77MB  /  /
"      Released....: April 06th, 2011  Protection.: Money        /  /  7
..' .' .'

.----------------------------- r e l e a s e info

-  Ever wanted to rule the galaxy? Now's your chance
'
Take command of a vast interstellar empire and  safeguard  your species
.  from total extinction. Prove your species' ingenuity through a deep and
intricate combat system  where  anything (from individual components on
.  ships to the stars themselves) is a target of opportunity
.
.  Utilize your silver tongue to twist other Empires into submitting under
:  your galaxy-class wit with a complex and full-featured diplomacy system
or wheel-and-deal your way to supremacy

Research  deadly  new  weapons, new  engines,  shields, and more with a
research web whose contents are shuffled with every game

Explore vast  interstellar  phenomenae such as black holes and asteroid
belts and exploit them for yourself or destroy them to deny  your foes

Match your wits with up to 10 online or LAN-linked opponents,  save the
game when dawn breaks, and boot it back up at dusk. It isn't over until
you say it is

Mod the game to  suit  your playstyle  Your weapons,  your ships, your
rules.  Almost  the  entire  game can be modified  entirely  through an
editor as simple as notepad. Easily add new models and particle effects
to the game with a robust set of out-of-the-box developer tools.

Features

Vast, Procedurally Generated Galaxies:  Choose  however  many systems
you desire limited only by the speed of your CPU. Rich, diverse planets
whose type, size, number of moons and other characteristics  vary makes
every game unique
Intricate Ship Design  and  Exciting  Combat:  Massive  ship  battles
fought in real-time with particle effects and  directional  damage with
full simulated Newtonian physics.  Individual  ship  components  can be
compromised, destroyed, disabled, repaired and renovated
Unique  Research  System:  Explore  a web-like  research  system with
unexpected discovereies around every turn. Choose between a structured,
static web or a highly varied web each game
Easy  to  Use Interface Complex Gameplay: Govern your planets with a
simple, yet  powerful  interface  to customize  the  behavior  of  your
worlds.  Customize  the GUI  via scripting to add new windows or change
existing interface behavior
Engaging AI Opponents:  Choosen  from  various  levels of difficulty,
with  optional 'cheating'  AIs.  AIs  will adapt their ship designs and
strategies to counter yours
Extensive  Modding  Support:  Modify  data  files  and scripts in any
editor. Use developer tools to create particle  effects  and  configure
imported models.  Smart  use  of  AngelScript  allows  users  to create
entirely new game modes, gameplay and online experiences
Multiplayer:  Co-Op,  Team  and  Free-For-All:  Play  with  as  many
competitors  as  your  server  can  manage,  with  drop-in-drop-out
compatibility  over  LAN or Internet.  Multiplayer  games can be saved,
played in single-player, and then brought back into multiplayer.
Original Soundtrack by Artem Bank.

..--''""      .
.-----------------'------ r e l e a s e notes
i  i
1# Unzip, Unrar manually.
2# Run setup.bat, after thats done hit StarRuler.exe to play
3# Have phun

Ripped: Nothing

Notes : This game require OpenAL and Microsoft Visual C 2008 & 2010
Redistributable, if you need you can find on redist folder.

Read changes.txt to see the full changelog.
