
Coast to coast AM 2011-05-11 Alternative Medicine
Date: 05-11-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Julia Schopick, Dr. John Neustadt, Dr. Robin Falkov 
Writer and medical advocate, Julia Schopick began studying alternative medical treatment after her husband developed a cancerous brain tumor. She discussed several promising types of treatments that the medical profession has yet to accept for various life-threatening ailments such as MS, epilepsy, and terminal liver disease. The late Dr. Bernard Bihari originated the idea of low doses of Naltrexone and was able to boost immunity in AIDS patients through this treatment, she detailed, adding that it's also been used successfully against autoimmune diseases like MS. 

The Ketogenic Diet, which was popular in the 1920s as a treatment for epileptic children, has seen a resurgence of late. But the high-fat, low carbohydrate, low-protein diet must be uniquely calibrated for each patient, she noted. For non-healing wounds, sometimes seen in cancer surgery patients, Schopik recommended the Silverlon dressing, which uses silver ions to stimulate healing. 

She also cited intravenous alpha-lipoic acid as a regenerative treatment for liver poisoning or disease. Dr. Robin Falkov joined in the discussion during the last hour, and endorsed the usage of intravenous Vitamin C therapy for certain problems including inflammatory viral conditions. 

Nutritional Medicine
First hour guest, Dr. John Neustadt talked about his practice of alternative and nutritional medicine, and in particular his treatments for osteoporosis. MK-4, a specific from of Vitamin K, has been shown to decrease fractures by promoting bone collagen and flexibility, rather than just density, he reported. 

News segment guest: John Hogue 

Website(s): 
honestmedicine.com
nbihealth.com
healthfreedomrights.com
Book(s): 
Honest Medicine
A Revolution in Health Part 2: How to Take Charge of Your Health
A Revolution in Health through Nutritional Biochemistry

Coast to coast AM 2011-05-12 Doomsday Phobias & Big Brother 
Miscellaneous
Date: 05-12-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Mark Dice, Dr. Carole Lieberman 
In the first half of the show, psychiatrist Carole Lieberman talked about the fear of Friday the 13th, as well as Doomsday phobias. Clinically called Friggatriskaidekaphobia, at least 21 million Americans have fears around Friday the 13th. It stems from fears around the number 13, and Friday, which has been considered an unlucky day. Fridays have seen stock market crashes, and are considered bad days to begin projects or take journeys, she elaborated. Negative thoughts about Friday the 13th can gel in the unconscious mind and lead to self-fulfilling prophecies, or people become more aware of negative events that happen on such days, and this confirms their superstitions, she explained. 

Doomsday phobia or fear of the end of the world is connected to one's fears around their mortality, said Dr. Lieberman. In discussing the May 21st Doomsday date popularized by Harold Camping, she noted that "because the world is so uncertain today more than ever...with so much unknown that seems to be threatening us...it's easier to get people to believe these kind of things." She also talked about her psychological studies of "bad girls," as well as the meaning of dreams. 

--------------------------------


In the latter half, Mark Dice, a muckraker out to expose the abuses of the New World Order, discussed the various ways that 'Orwellian' technology is beginning to violate not only our privacy but our civil rights. We are in many ways living in the world depicted by George Orwell's book 1984-- "the power hungry officials, the perpetual state of war, [and] how the fear-based propaganda system works," he commented. Among the disturbing technology advancements, he cited facial recognition software used by companies like Facebook to identify people posted in photos on their site, as well as smart phone apps like 'Recognizr' that can identify a person's face by cell phone camera, and pull up personal information on them. 

He also talked about the use of MRI of the brain to decipher what people are thinking, as well as mind control technology in which voices are beamed into a person's head to create illusions like God is talking to them. For the 2012 Olympics in London, a company called Sound Intelligence is lobbying for a contract to place microphones on the street that can record sound from 100 yards away, and supposedly detect "hostile speech," he added. 

News segment guest: Mitch Battros 

Website(s): 
markdice.com
Book(s): 
Big Brother: The Orwellian Nightmare Come True
The New World Order: Facts & Fiction
The Illuminati: Facts & Fiction
Bad Girls: Why Men Love Them & How Good Girls Can Learn Their Secrets
 
Coast to coast AM 2011-05-13 Star Child Skull & Open Lines
Date: 05-13-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Lloyd Pye, Open Lines 
In the first half, researcher Lloyd Pye provided an update on the Star Child skull, and its possible ET lineage. He revealed that the geneticist that has been working on the project recovered four critical fragments of mitochondrial DNA from the skull. Unlike previous DNA tests, which allowed for only a glimpse of 1% of the creature's genome, these new samples provide information on 10% of the Star Child's genetic makeup. Remarkably, Pye said, the genetic information is so different from a human's DNA that it now appears that the Star Child was totally alien and not an ET-human hybrid. Pye expressed tremendous confidence that "when we can recover the whole genome," this theory will be confirmed. For more, see Pye's DNA Analysis Report (PDF file). 

According to Pye, these new findings help to solve a riddle that has plagued the Star Child skull for many years. He explained that it had become increasingly difficult to reconcile the theory that the creature was a hybrid because the skull "has not a single corollary to a human." In fact, Pye pointed out that the skull has "twenty-five major physical differences" from a normal human, including a lack of frontal sinuses, a larger brain capacity but smaller chewing muscles, and "durable fibers woven through the bone." In light of this new information on the Star Child's genome, Pye declared that "I don't think, anymore, that it was, in any way, shape, or form, a hybrid." Instead, he surmised that "we're looking at a pure alien being." 

"Let's face it, this story is going to be as big as anything ever gets," marveled Pye, "it's going to move us to the next phase of reality as humans." He theorized that the Star Child story, should it be confirmed that the creature was an alien, allows for a "bridging mechanism" to the eventual disclosure of the ET reality. Pye said that, for ET believers, it will be seen as confirmation of what they've suspected all along. Meanwhile, for those who may be fearful of the concept of extraterrestrials, the Star Child would be a benign way of introducing them to the reality of aliens, since the creature was on Earth in the distant past and not looming here in the present. Ultimately, Pye mused that "it provides a stepping stone in the direction of coming to a better understanding and acceptance of our own place in the universe." 

Open Lines
The latter half of the show was devoted to Open Lines and featured a "Good Luck / Bad Luck" hot line for callers to share their tales of Friday the 13th joy or woe. A caller in Austin, Texas lamented that she had to cancel her 50th birthday party for next week because the tiles to finish her bathroom restoration did not arrive on Friday and, instead, got shipped to Mount Vernon, Illinois. Later, Phil, a military police officer in Newport, Rhode Island, shared the tale of how his Friday the 13th went from bad to good over the course of the day. At the start of the day, Phil said, his bank account had "absolutely no money in there." However, later on the 13th, he took his weapons qualification test and managed to beat the instructor's score. "So it was a pretty good Friday the 13th for me after I got bragging rights for a couple of hours," he laughed. 

News segments guests: Jim Berkland / Richard C. Hoagland 

Website(s): 
lloydpye.com
starchildproject.com
Book(s): 
Starchild Skull Essentials
