Music : Classical : MP3/192Kbps
 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio3/programmes/schedules/2011/01/01

The Genius Of Mozart – every note he wrote

For the first 12 days of January, BBC Radio 3 is devoting its entire schedule to Mozart, one of the greatest ever composers. From his piano concertos and string quartets to his operas and symphonies, the station will play every note that Mozart wrote, and nothing but. Mozart.

Schedule highlights in January include a special 700th edition of Private Passions featuring former guests discussing their favourite Mozart pieces, an exclusive programme presented by Dame Kiri te Kanawa revealing her most beloved Mozart arias, and a new slot entitled Play Mozart For Me featuring Sara Mohr-Pietsch as the late-night Mozart presenter. This will be broadcast every weekday evening during the season.

Further highlights include Radio 3's drivetime programme In Tune's A History Of Mozart In A Dozen Objects and Donald Macleod's Mozart – a special series of Composer Of The Week to be broadcast daily.

A newly formatted edition of Discovering Music will explore how Mozart's music reflects the symmetry and proportion of the architecture of the time.

Speech and drama programmes also get a Mozart makeover, including Drama On 3 which will feature Sir Peter Hall's production of Peter Shaffer's Amadeus. First broadcast in 1983, it stars Paul Scofield as Salieri, Simon Callow as Mozart and Felicity Kendal as Constanze and was later adapted into the 1984 film which won best picture at the Academy Awards.

All five of the BBC's orchestras and the BBC Singers will be performing Mozart across the country with a special session from an ensemble made up from members of the BBC National Orchestra of Wales who will be bringing Mozart to commuters in Central Station, Cardiff on 4 January.

Highlights also include live performances of two piano concertos from the BBC Philharmonic in Manchester, a concert of Mozart's best-loved chamber music from members of the BBC Symphony Orchestra, popular concertos in two live concerts from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales and a live lunchtime recital of sacred choral music from the BBC Singers.

The performing groups have also been engaging communities across the country in Mozart through major learning events and exploring his music and how it can still affect people so profoundly today. A series of short documentaries to air on Radio 3 tells the story of these projects.

Roger Wright, Controller of BBC Radio 3 says: "After the groundbreaking success of The Beethoven Experience and A Bach Christmas we're thrilled to announce our all-encompassing Mozart season, building on Radio 3's unchallenged track record in using its whole schedule to celebrate the music of a composer.

"Mozart was a prolific genius, so we hope that new audiences will join Radio 3 on air and online for what promises to be a really entertaining and informative 12 days."