Date: 	01-27-11
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Linda Moulton Howe

Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe shared four updates. In her first report, she described returning to Rendlesham Forest with former USAF Airman John Burroughs and Sgt. James Penniston, on the 30th anniversary of their 1980 encounter with lights and a craft of unknown origin. The two believed they located the area in Rendlesham Forest where Penniston touched symbols on a black, glassy, triangular craft. He recalled seeing a binary code of zeros and ones when he touched the symbols. Further, when Penniston was in a hypnosis session, put under with sodium pentothal, he suggested that the visitors in the craft were time travelers from our future, who had come back to retrieve chromosomes to help sustain the children in their time period, she reported. More here.

In the wake of 26 separate instances of mysterious bird, fish, and animal die-offs in December 2010 and January 2011, Linda shared an update on the strangely killed seals off the coast of England and Scotland, which continue to take place in 2011. The seals have unexplained corkscrew slices running across their bodies. She interviewed marine biologist Neil Wellum who has been tracking the occurrences. According to the Sea Mammal Research Unit, the slicing may have been caused by a "ducted propeller system whereby the seals are being drawn through that and these propeller systems in some cases also have a knife cutter, which is designed to cut through rope if it gets around a propeller," he explained. View more.

A leaked EPA document blames Bayer's pesticide clothianidin in the honey bee die-offs, Linda announced in her third segment. She interviewed Tom Theoblad, the owner of a honey farm in Colorado. He received a call from an EPA whistleblower, who revealed that Bayer's registration approval for clothianidin is not based on sound science. Not only is the pesticide toxic to honey bees, but it may also be contaminating soil and groundwater, he warned. Theobald and his colleagues suggest people push for an EPA ban of clothianidin. EPA contact info is posted at the end of Linda's full report.

The extreme weather seen this winter may caused by a rare combination of La Nina in the Pacific and the formation of a North Atlantic oscillation, Linda detailed in her last report. She also interviewed two people about reported changes in the Earth's north magnetic field. Tampa International Airport spokeswoman Brenda Geoghagan described repainting compass markings on their runways to reflect the change in location of the magnetic north pole which is moving closer to Siberia. Dr. Stefan Maus of the University of Colorado, suggested it was a natural "westward drift," and that compasses closer to the North Pole would be far more affected by such changes. It will take around 1,000 years from now for there to be a pole reversal, he added.

News segment guest: Mish Shedlock
Website(s):

    * earthfiles.com

Book(s):

    * Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
    * Glimpses of Other Realities, Volume 2
