Key Features :

Trendy & Easy to Use Graphical Interface
With eScan Internet Security Suite you get a trendy, dock-based graphical interface that is very user-friendly and has a very sleek intuitive design for both, novice and expert users. 

Best Protection against Security Threats without Compromising with the Computer Speed 
eScan 11’s new On-Demand Scanner is equipped with Whitelisting Technology that leads to faster scans and is very light on system resources. This ensures that your computer does not slow down, even while eScan is performing thorough system scans.

Effective Real-time Protection to all the Files & Folders Residing in the Computer
eScan 11 performs Real-time scans on files, e-mails, e-mail attachments with its advanced and innovative technologies. It keeps your computer safe from infections with the help of its enhanced Self Protection Technology that prevents new generation malware from either disabling eScan or deleting its critical files, thus keeping your computer safe from infections. It also scans content for confidential data, prohibited information, offensive, and obscene language. 

Block Notifications & Alerts while Playing Favorite Games 
eScan 11 includes an advanced Game Detection feature that automatically detects the start of a game in full screen mode and prevents all eScan notifications and alerts from being displayed. You can thus enjoy an uninterrupted gaming experience. 

Prevent Memory Intensive Processes for Laptops 
eScan 11 includes the Laptop Mode feature that provides unmitigated battery time on laptops. Whenever you switch the Laptop Mode, eScan 11 automatically detects this change and prevents memory intensive processes like scheduled scans from running. eScan’s Real-time protection remains active while on Laptop Mode.

Protection against Drive-by Malware Downloads
eScan 11 includes a Malware URL filter that protects endpoints against Drive-by Malware downloads as socially engineered Malware attacks pose one of the largest risks to individuals and organizations. Access to malicious websites / URLs will be BLOCKED effectively providing to ZERO Day protection to computers.

Advanced Classification of Ham and Spam E-Mails 
eScan 11 controls spam effectively by using Artificial Intelligence and sophisticated filters that work on the basis of specific keywords and phrases. This technology uses Artificial Intelligence to learn your behavior pattern and accordingly classifies e-mails as Ham (e-mails received by user) or Spam (e-mails quarantined for user). 

Comprehensive Digital Protection and Parental Control 
eScan 11 provides enhanced Web Protection and Privacy Protection features, such as User-based Parental Control, Pop-up Filter, and Virtual Keyboard. Parental Control and Pop-up Filters are customizable features that would help you block offensive content and Pop-ups, respectively. It also includes an advanced Web Phishing Filter that warns you of Phishing Websites and a Virtual Keyboard that protects your system against keyloggers. You can use this keyboard while typing sensitive information, such as banking passwords or credit card numbers.   

eScan 11 also includes an advanced Web Phishing Filter that warns you of Phishing Web Sites. It is also equipped with a Virtual Keyboard to protect your system against keyloggers. You can use this keyboard while typing sensitive information, such as banking passwords or credit card numbers. 

Comprehensive Protection against Network-based Attacks
eScan 11 includes a set of predefined access control rules that you can customize as per your requirements. Firewall that has been enhanced for seamless integration with your operating system. In addition, it includes the Network Traffic Monitor that monitors incoming and outgoing network traffic. In also provides users with the option to block the execution of network-based executable files, thus preventing the spread of infections within networks. 

Extensive Asset Management for Complete System Administration 
eScan 11 helps to perform static asset management by using the System Information tool. This tool helps administrators obtain complete information about the hardware and software deployed on the computer and on the network.

Prevent Data Theft and Virus Infections through USB Drives
eScan 11 prevents data theft and Virus infections through USB and Fire-based devices. It includes the Application Control, which helps you to block or permit applications from running on networks and stand-alone computers. 

Lock Files and Folders that are very Critical and Confidential  
eScan 11 provides a new Folder Protection feature facility which helps you to protect specific files and folders from being modified or deleted. The main advantage of this feature is that it prevents the specified files from being infected by malicious software. Also, the files and folders that are protected cannot be deleted unless the folder protection is turned off. This helps you to safeguard your confidential data from infections due to malware.

Eradicate Rootkits and File Infectors that cannot be Cleaned in the Normal Windows® Mode
With eScan 11 you can create Windows®-based Rescue Disk files with the help of eScan Rescue File Creation wizard. The Rescue Disk file cleans Rootkits and File infectors from boot-infected computers that cannot be cleaned in the normal mode of the Windows® operating system.

In addition, eScan 11’s product Installation CD comes with a set of installation setup files and bootable Rescue Disk. The bootable Rescue Disk enables you to clean boot the computer if the operating system fails to load on it.

Automatically Checks & Downloads Critical Updates from the Microsoft® Web site
eScan 11 automatically checks and downloads critical patches for the Windows® operating system from the Microsoft® Web site. It thus prevents malware from exploiting vulnerabilities, existing in your operating system.

Automatically Provides Compressed Updates as per the Available Bandwidth
eScan 11 continuously provides automatic compressed updates for the software and the virus and spam definitions. This protects your computer from the latest security threats. 

Comprehensive Reports for In-depth Analysis 
eScan 11 supports comprehensive reporting capabilities for all its modules, which you can use for in-depth analysis. 



- Unrar
- Install
- Use serial to activate
- update




HASH:   2930557A5EAD47645BCEDF27A62D0E8174296901





scanned with Kaspersky  + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = Malware FREE

ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome		