Come aboard and step into the exciting world of submarines. Learn the transformation from crude containers designed to keep the water out to the nuclear powered steel underwater sharks of today. Striking from below, the submarine has struck fear into the hearts of sailors for over one hundred years. Now, take a four-part journey into the silent ranks of one of the world's deadliest weapons. Each episode of Sharks of Steel takes viewers inside the world of the submarine and the submariners who serve aboard them. Used as weapons for over a hundred years, it was during the world wars when submarines found their purpose as commerce raiders by sinking enemy shipping. Later, when nuclear weaponry came of age, submarines became an integral part of naval force. Capable of electronically picking your pocket or destroying an enemy's submarines, these sleek, nuclear powered sharks of steel are currently at front line of defense. Needing stealth and quiet submarines accomplish their missions around the sometimes hostile world while surviving deep underwater.

Directed by Scott Hicks
Produced by Michael Caulfield

A Beyound Productions & Discovery Communications Co-Production (1992)



Episode 1 : Submariners

SUBMARINERS offers a "day in the life" of a submariner and profiles the amazing teamwork constantly performed, particularly in the nuclear sub, where safety is of vital importance. On a modern nuclear submarine, the distinction between night and day becomes a blur. Isolation, confinement, lack of privacy and intense pressure mark an endless cycle of six hour shifts. It is a world punctuated by constant attack readiness drills, tracking exercises and system checks. A world in which man no longer simply operates the weapon, he lives inside it, plotting the solutions and piloting the vessel on the most secretive of all military missions.
Gone are the days of the "sewer pipe sailors." Today's submariner is a specialist who knows the rhythm of his machine and the teamwork required to defeat their common threats. He is either alive or dead. It is this dark truth that has inspired fascination, fear and ultimate respect for what the submariner must endure. 



Technical Specs
----------------------------

Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2228 kbps
Video Resolution: 576x432
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 224kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 46:20.172
Number Of Parts: 4
Part Size: 854,827,008 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08 