Cover

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5163_1.jpg.html



Screens

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5162_2.jpg.html

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5161_3.jpg.html

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5160_4.jpg.html



Krissy Lynn, Jynx Maze, Tori Lux


In Buttman's Stretch Class 5, John Stagliano gives us the trademark intimacy of latter-day Buttman. The original ass-obsessed director enjoys unhurried, one-on-one sessions of intense butt tease, stretching toys, creative ass play and revealing solo masturbation with three gorgeous women. Friendly brunette Latina Jynx Maze shows off a tight, round bubble butt packed into white stretch hose. Jynx has a great smile and a perfect, perky set of small, all-natural boobies. She gets her tits wrung in Buttman's hand-cranked nipple stretcher and endures an array of clothespins pinching her labia, breasts - even the rim of her sphincter! She flexes a couple of anal invaders in and out using her powerful rectal muscles. John sucks on Jynx' pretty, pedicured toes and pushes his face into her panty-clad ass cleft. Jynx attempts to fit his black rubber garden gnome inside her snug ass chute, and uses a vibrating wand to make herself cum. Dark-haired, exotically tattooed alt-girl Tori Lux appears, a chain wedged in the crotch of her sheer, white pantyhose. Buttman follows her fine, round ass as she teases and spreads her soft cheeks for the camera. She uses a clear butt plug and an expanding toy to gape her anus. After reaming her anus with a big glass dildo, Tori vibrates her pussy to climax. Bodacious blonde Krissy Lynn visits John, her huge ass straining the fabric of her white, skin-tight stretch jeans. Krissy does some bend-over posing, and Buttman sticks his face in the deep crack of her wedgie. She pulls up her T-shirt to shake her enormous, gravity-defying rack and suck on her own nipples. Krissy runs through enticing poses wearing only a thin red thong and the clamps applied to her tits. She even gives a sexy faux-foot job to a large, blue rubber cock. John uses ever-larger clear toys on Krissy's asshole 'til it's nice and relaxed. She shows him her deep throat skills on the dildo. Finally, Krissy uses three vibrating gizmos to bring herself off, then gapes goodbye to the camera. Join the father of gonzo video in a celebration of decadent female sexuality!
John Stagliano's Buttman's Stretch Class 5 is a single-disc DVD with photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.