Official Web Site:  http://www.araelium.com/dmgcanvas/

DMG Canvas builds disk images from template documents that you create. Simply design your disk image's appearance using the graphical editor and click Build. Each time you release a new version of your disk image, simply click Build again and DMG Canvas will pull together all of the latest versions of your files. DMG Canvas also allows you to specify the license agreements displayed when the disk image is mounted, and use localized versions for non-English end users.

WYSIWYG Design

Making disk images shouldn't be hard. With DMG Canvas, simply give your disk image a background image, drag and drop files onto the window view, and click Build. What you see in DMG Canvas is exactly how it will look in Finder.

Easy Backgrounds

Using the Background layout view, you can create great backgrounds for your disk images right inside DMG Canvas itself. Just drop in images, add customized text, and you're done in a snap.

Localized Licenses

Do you need your disk image to prompt a license agreement when mounted? Not a problem. Don't spend hours trying to figure it out yourself; Just put your license's text into DMG Canvas and you're done. It even supports styles and multiple languages.

Automated Workflow

Be lazy. DMG Canvas comes with a handy little command line tool which will make a disk image from a DMG Canvas document. Use it as part of an automated workflow and you won't even have to think about making a disk image. That's how good DMG Canvas is.

Work Like a Pro

DMG Canvas lets you create an unlimited number of disk images using the slick WYSIWYG designer. You can even and add license agreements to your disk images, absolutely free. But when you register DMG Canvas, you also get access to the more advanced background layout view, and can use also use the 'dmgcanvas' command line tool for automating your workflow. Register DMG Canvas today and you can instantly start using these great time savers.

Snow Leopard

In Mac OS X Snow Leopard, disk images created with background images do not display properly on Mac OS X Leopard and earlier. This is because of a change in Finder itself that affects all disk images created on Snow Leopard. Unfortunately Apple does not plan on fixing this, but it doesn't matter! DMG Canvas 2.0 solve.

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6 and above

--- PLEASE SEED ---