 http://bayimg.com/oakhKaADe

River's Edge (1986) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091860/

River's Edge is a 1986 American drama film written by Neal Jimenez and starring Crispin Glover, Keanu Reeves, Ione Skye, Daniel Roebuck, and Dennis Hopper.

It was awarded Best Picture from the Independent Spirit Awards in 1986.


  Crispin Glover  ...  Layne  
  Keanu Reeves  ...  Matt  
  Ione Skye  ...  Clarissa (as Ione Skye Leitch)  
  Daniel Roebuck  ...  Samson 'John' Tollet  
  Dennis Hopper  ...  Feck  
  Joshua John Miller  ...  Tim (as Joshua Miller)  
  Roxana Zal  ...  Maggie  
  Josh Richman  ...  Tony  
  Phillip Brock  ...  Mike  
  Tom Bower  ...  Bennett  
  Constance Forslund  ...  Madeleine  
  Leo Rossi  ...  Jim  
  Jim Metzler  ...  Mr. Burkewaite  

While the Jimenez screenplay is fiction, it draws from the November 3, 1981 murder of 14-year-old Marcy Renee Conrad, who was raped and strangled to death by 16-year-old Anthony Jacques Broussard in Milpitas, California.

Broussard bragged of raping and murdering Conrad, later showing the body to at least thirteen different people; despite this, the crime went unreported for two days.

The 6-foot, 4-inch, 280-pound, 16 year old Broussard had been mentally disturbed since finding his mother dead in the shower at the age of seven.

Broussard pled guilty and was sentenced to 25 years to life with parole possible after 16 years and 8 months.. He was denied a new trial in 1985, and has repeatedly been denied parole. As of December 2010 (29 years) Broussard is still incarcerated at California's Folsom State Prison.Kirk Rasmussen, 16, was sentenced to three years in a juvenile center for kicking dirt and leaves to help hide the girl's partially clad body

Neal Jimenez read about the story in the newspaper while visiting friends, wrote a script and turned it in to his instructor while he was an English major at Santa Clara University. He got a "C+" so he rewrote it and received an "A". Jimenez said, "that the incident is merely the inspiration for the screenplay".

