

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - Creation - 17 - Gods Story From Creation to Eternity - 8 Languages and More







POtHS - Creation - 17 - Gods Story From Creation to Eternity - 8 Languages and More



POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs


Description:

The Bible used by Christians comes from 66 ancient manuscripts which are divided into two sections called the Old and New Testaments. Over a period of 1,500 years, 40 different authors wrote down messages from God. These combined messages contain important information on history, science, health, psychology and a number of other topics.

However, the central theme of the Bible is this: the all powerful, ever-existent God created mankind for His glory and for His pleasure. This God, in his divine foreknowledge, knew that the people He created would use their gift of free will to rebel against Him and His leadership. This rebellion, called sin, would separate people from their relationship with God.

But God, in his great love for the people, had already devised a solution. He planned to come to the world, and to reveal Himself in the form of a human, as a Savior, so that He could provide a way to reunite the fallen, separated people back to Himself.

The video, God's Story: From Creation To Eternity, presents an overview of the whole Bible, highlighting God's promised plan. The promised Savior, Jesus, came. While on earth, He stated and showed that everything recorded about Himself in the Old Testament writings, including even the smallest of details, would all be fulfilled, 100 percent, and it was.

One significant proof of the Bible's divine authorship comes from its being the only book in the world ever written that contains predictions (prophecies) which have proven to be 100 percent accurate.

As an encouragement to those not too familiar with the Bible, the God's Story video presents many of the Old Testament prophecies which point to Jesus as that Savior promised from God.

Although most of the Bible was written through people who descend from Abraham, Isaac and Jacob (known as the Children of Israel or Jews), a clear reading of the Bible reveals that God is no respecter of persons. No matter the age or gender, the race or ethnic background, or the educational, social or economic status, God reaches out with His offer of love to all people.

The Bible states that God's requirement for all mankind is the same. It says people must depend on Jesus as their only way of access back to God. God's message teaches that no human deeds however noble, no religion however moral, can span the gap between fallen mankind and God.

God shows that everything we design or do is still imperfect and brings glory to us and not to Him. He asks us to place all of our faith in the perfect God-Man, Jesus, as our Savior. Jesus, who on the cross paid the penalty for our sin and rebellion against God, offers us the only way to receive forgiveness and be reunited with God.

As shown in the God's Story video, Jesus Himself declared in the Bible, "I am the Way the Truth and the Life; no man comes to the Father but by me." John 14:6

We at The God's Story Project welcome language sponsorships and donations to help us continue translating God's Story into additional languages.  In some languages we sell master tapes to ministries so that they may freely duplicate and distribute God's Story. In a few countries we still offer opportunities for distributorships of God's Story.  

For more information on the Bible or The God's Story Project, Email info@gods-story.org Please try to write your letter in English. If this is not possible, we will respond in your language, but there may be a long time delay since we must go outside of our office staff to get your letter translated.  Even though we produce God's Story in many different languages, we usually do the translating and narrating in the country for which the language is native. At our headquarters in California, USA, we in The God's Story Project are English speaking.

Be assured that if you respond in even the most basic of English, we will deeply appreciate your efforts to accommodate us. In your letter, feel free to also write the same response in your own language. Then, if we cannot understand the English section, we will seek an outside translator to help us read and respond.


"It will play well in any culture and really get Christ's message of hope across to the viewers."
Bill Kliewer, Director of International Resources, World Vision International.

    Although dedicated missionaries labor to translate God's Word into new languages, many people still cannot read! God's Story in video and audio formats spans this gap. Instantly, people can HEAR God's Word and SEE Bible stories illustrated. "Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the Word of God." Romans 10:17

    "Even in the most primitive areas of the world, people have videos," say Wycliffe Bible translators.

    Dean Jones, renowned actor and dedicated Christian, narrates the English version. Foreign translation began in earnest in 1998. In just over eleven years, 268 languages were completed. Every month new languages are requested or being added to the list of available translations.

God's Story video cover      We at The God's Story Project need like-minded Christians to stand with us to complete the translation of languages and dialects needed to blanket the world with God's Word. Our prayer is that people of all language groups, no matter how small, will receive this clear presentation of God's Word.
 
http://www.gods-story.org/


 Confirmed Sighting - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    



      