A Collection Of Islamic Books & Stuff (Of Interest To Me) Collected Over The Years.

As a matter of interest I was born in a Sunni Muslim home & Reverted to Twelver Shi'ite Islam, if you are interested in learning about why that is, the answers will be found in the books provided.

Also, followers of the Other Abarahmic Traditions Will Find Shi'ite Islam Highly Interesting To Study; it seems to have all the answers to fill the holes in the greatest story ever told. All the missing links that separate the three faiths; Judaism, Christianity & Islam are a perfect contiguous tradition once seen through the Twelver Shi'ite interpretation Of Islam. It explains the WHOLE story.

As an interesting illustration of this:

Judaism: "kesafim," the tenth (10%) levy is part of jewish law, it's equivalent almost to the letter is the "khums," The blood-line of significance in relation to the "kesafim" was 'The Levites' and particularly the 'Aaronites' who were the keepers of the temple, in Islam the relationship of "khums" to bloodline is seen with the 'Hashimites' (Banu Hashem) and particularly the 'Sayyid' line who were the keepers of The Grand Mosque. The Moses & Aaron relationship is mirrored as Edward Gibbon put it (speaking about one of Muhammad's companions) : "From the first hour of his mission to the last rites of his funeral, the apostle was never forsaken by a generous friend, whom he delighted to name his brother, his vicegerent, and the faithful Aaron of a second Moses."

Christianity: As many may know Islam in general already agrees with the concept of the virgin birth, honouring the sanctity and holiness of Mary, the miracles of Jesus, the ascension and the return/ second coming. But only Shi'ite Islam gives attention also to the personages of his disciples' - the message of Jesus (Peace Be On Him/ Alev Shalom/ Alay Salaam) from the Islamic viewpoint. For example Shi'ite texts like that of the classical scholar At-Tawusi can be seen to run parallel with the recently discovered 'Gospel Of Judas,'it observes that Jesus asks his disciples if they will accept a special mission bearing many burdens, only one of his disciples accepts... ...other disciples that are named significantly are Shamoon As-Safa (Simon Peter) and some in Arabic who have not yet been identified.

Not nearly enough research has been done to explore what Shi'ite texts speak about in the context of Abrahamic Tradition. A number Of Classical Shi'ite Texts are not included, some are corrupted, lost and unavailable, this is but a humble collection and is dedicated but not exclusively to the tenets, theosophy, folklore and history of Shi'ite Islam both independantly and in contrast to it's sister sect but also through the societal, poltical and cultural traditons of past and modern epochs. A collection of other interesting topics; poetry, philosophy, politics, health, conspiracy, spirituality, grammar, anecdotes etc. is natural due to Islam being seen as a complete and encompassing way of life.
Peace To All.