S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Insane 2 (c) GFI

13-10-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
Racing...............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Insane 2, sequel to a well-known game, offers a number of innovations
in the off-road racing genre. Besides the traditional time trial mode,
the game features 9 other game modes, including the popular "Capture
the flag", "Gate hunt" and "Pathfinder", as well as some new
competitions, such as bonus hunting, territory control and helicopter
pursuit. All of these modes are also available in multiplayer, with
up to eight players participating simultaneously.

More than one hundred and fifty races combined into championships and
cup competitions take place in Europe, America, Africa and the
Antarctic. The game has an enormous variety of long distance tracks:
sand and snowy deserts, high-speed roads and impassable cross-country
paths, African beaches and deserted Antarctic stations.

The game features 18 vehicles of different classes, from buggies to
monstrous "Bigfoots", as well as an additional prototype class. Rating
points won in the races can be used to upgrade any of the vehicles,
from a selection of 15 running gear, body or engine upgrade
alternatives. Each vehicle is furnished with a detailed destruction
system. Reaching the end of a course without suffering any losses is
an enormous challenge that only a select few are able to accomplish.
The opponents, who constantly create extreme situations, aren't the
only danger: players also need to watch out for railway crossings,
heavy tanker trucks and even lightning in stormy weather.

Features:

18 vehicles from six different types: 4x4, SUV, pick-ups, trucks,
extreme vehicles and prototypes.

20 locations, 170 races, 4 continents (Eurasia, America, Africa and the
Antarctic)

10 game modes, also available in multiplayer

Rating and game achievements system

Detailed vehicle destruction and a car tuning system

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
