Criticism of the Bible - Collection 17 (The Septuagint):

The Septuagint (called LXX) is the Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible, and it is a collection of translations that constitutes the largest corpus of Jewish writings from the Greco-Roman period. The Hebrew Pentateuch was first translated into Greek in the third century BCE to meet the needs of the Greek speaking Jewish community in Alexandria. That was followed by the translation of other parts of the Hebrew Scriptures in the second and first centuries BCE.

The texts of the books of the Greek Bible constitute mosaics of translations and/or revisions of translations of diverse origins. Even the text of a given biblical book in a particular codex may represent a collation.

Some variations in the early Greek translations reflect the fact that the text of the Hebrew and Aramaic Bible itself was not fixed in the pre-Christian era and in the first century CE.

The critical study of the texts of the Greek Jewish Scriptures in general and of the Septuagint in particular is very important for Christianity because the Greek rather than the Hebrew and Aramaic Bible were the Scriptures of the church that created the New Testament. 

We have 20 titles in this collection:

-  Baer - When We All Go Home; Translation and Theology in LXX Isaiah 56-66 (2001)

-  Collins - The Library of Alexandria & the Bible in Greek (2000)

-  Cook (ed.) - Septuagint and Reception; Essays Prepared for the Association for the Study of the Septuagint in South Africa (2009)

-  Dines - The Septuagint (2004)

-  Dorothy - The Books of Esther; Structure, Genre and Textual Integrity (1997)

-  Flecker - Scripture Onomatology; Being Critical Notes on the Septuagint and Other Versions (1883)

-  Gordon - Hebrew Bible and Ancient Versions; Selected Essays of Robert P. Gordon (2006)

-  Johnson - Historical Fictions and Hellenistic Jewish Identities (2004)

-  Kennedy - Sources of New Testament Greek, or the Influence of the Septuagint on the Vocabulary of the New Testament (1895)

-  Keulen - Two Versions of the Solomon Narrative; an Inquiry into the Relationship between MT 1 Kgs. 2–11 and LXX 3 Reg. 2–11 (2005)

-  Marcos - The Septuagint in Context; Introduction to the Greek Version of the Bible (2000)

-  Meadowcroft - Aramaic Daniel and Greek Daniel; a Literary Comparison (1995)

-  Metzger - A Textual Commentary on the Greek New Testament (1994)

-  Metzger - Manuscripts of the Greek Bible (1981)

-  Metzger - The Bible in Translation; Ancient and English Versions (2001)

-  Pietersma & Wright (ed.) - A New English Translation of the Septuagint (2007)

-  Schenker (ed.) - The Earliest Text of the Hebrew Bible (2003)

-  Thackeray - The Septuagint and Jewish Worship; a Study in Origins (1921)

-  Tov - The Greek and Hebrew Bible; Collected Essays on the Septuagint (1999)

-  Veltri - Libraries, Translations, and Canonic Texts; the Septuagint, Aquila and Ben Sira in the Jewish and Christian Traditions (2006)

