Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bit Edition

The best entertainment experience on your PC

Windows 7 Home Premium makes it easy to create a home network and
share all of your favorite photos, videos, and music. You can even
watch, pause, rewind, and record TV. Get the best entertainment
experience with Windows 7 Home Premium.

This ISO is untouched and the crack is clean. For those of you that know what cracks are and how to use them, you know that they sometimes give false positives on your AV software, but it is not infected, as I am using this very same crack for my computer. I recently had to re upload this torrent because some whiny ass noob didnt understand anything about cracks and decided to report my account lol. However, I have added a newer, more updated crack from DAZ and it works beautifully with the new SP1 thats included with this ISO. I hope you enjoy this upload and as always, if you like this OS, go out and buy it :P

Instructions:

1. Download torrent
2. Burn image to DVD disk using your favorite software (I use ImgBurn, its free and works great!)
3. Save the crack to either a flash drive or disk (You will need this so that you can install the crack when your done installing the OS)
4. You have to do a clean install from start up, you can not install this from your current Windows OS or use this to upgrade from your current Windows OS. The only exception to this is if you already have a valid Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bit key.
5. Ok, once you get to the part in the installation where it asks for you to enter in a key, you do not enter in anything (unless again you have a valid key) and then click next to finish up install. One other thing I should mention, make sure that you do not click automatic updates either before finishing install.
6. Once install is complete and you are on the Windows desktop, take the flash drive or disk containing the crack and install crack. There is a read me file that will help you with installation. 
7. Now you should be finished and rockin your new OS, enjoy!! :)

Also, if you dont have an image burner and would like to get a good one, I use ImgBurn, it works great and best of all its free! Heres the link - http://www.imgburn.com/

Please feel free to leave comments and let me know what you think or if you have any questions :)