Book Description
The fun and easy way® to improve your grammar. Enhancing your speaking and writing skills helps in everyday situations, such as writing a paper for school, giving a presentation to a company’s bigwigs, or communicating effectively with family and friends. English Grammar For Dummies, 2nd Edition gives you the latest techniques for improving your efficiency with English grammar and punctuation.

Teaches the rules of verbs, adjectives, and adverbs; prepositions, propositions, and pronoun pronouncements; punctuation; possessives; and proofreading skills for all communication
Geraldine Woods is the author of English Grammar Workbook For Dummies, College Admission Essays For Dummies, Research Papers For Dummies, SAT I For Dummies, 6th Edition, AP English Literature For Dummies, and AP English Language For Dummies
For speakers and writers of all skill levels, English Grammar For Dummies, 2nd Edition provides easy-to-follow, practical information for improving your command of English grammar.

From the Back Cover
The fun and easy way® to improve your grammar. Do the parts of speech render you speechless? Does the thought of diagramming sentences make you sweat? Fear not! English Grammar For Dummies, 2nd Edition takes the “grr” out of grammar and gives you fun, easy-to-followstrategies for understanding the rules of grammar and punctuation to improve your speaking and writing skills —without ever diagramming a single sentence!

Quoting the experts — learn when to use single quotation marks, double quotation marks, or no quotation marks at all
Avoid common errors and mistakes — discover the mismatches between singular and plural words and pronoun gender
Today’s technology — brush up on the proper way to compose emails, texts, and presentations and get the latest grammar do’s and don’ts for blogging, texting, and IMing
Periods, commas, and colons, oh my! — use a little “comma sense” to make sure your writing is always punctuated properly
Capitalize on the situation — understand what words and phrases are capitalized and which are lowercased
Rules even your grammar teacher didn’t know — find outhow to avoid double-negative errors and get the last wordon the dreaded who/whom debate
Open the book and find:

The building blocks of a sentence
The rules of verbs and prepositions
Tips to improve speaking andwriting skills
The latest techniques forimproving your command of grammar
Updated examples and references
Ways to improve your proofreading
Help for speakers or writers of any skill level
Learn to:

Get down to basics with the rules of English grammar
Improve your writing and verbal communication skills
Brush up on your proofreading abilities
Improve your grades and/or test scores
Book Details
Paperback: 384 pages
Publisher: For Dummies; 2 edition (February, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0470546646
ISBN-13: 978-0470546642