Release Title: Married.With.Children.Season.2(UKB-RG-BINGOWINGZ)
TV Air Date: 1987
Genre: Comedy
RunTime: 24 Minutes x22
Number Of Episodes: 22
8PatD.png
The Bundys are a stereotypical "white trash" American family.
Al is a shoe salesman who is fond of frequently reliving his
doubtful 15 seconds of fame on the football field.
Al is terrified of the all-to-frequent amorous advances his
ditsy wife Peggy, a woman who must spend most of Al's wages
at the salon and the mall. They have two children: Kelly,
the stunning but superficial party animal, and Bud, who is
too wrapped up in himself to realize his goal of "scoring"
with a girl.

Episodes:

Episode 1: Poppy's by the Tree: Part 1
Original Air Date 27 September 1987

The Bundys take a vacation to near-beautiful Dumpwater, Florida and stay
in a cut-rate motel where an ax murderer that hates tourists, shows up
every five years since 1967, and redneck locals begin to make bets on who
the psycho will strike next.

Episode 2: Poppy's by the Tree: Part 2
Original Air Date 27 September 1987

After a hair-raising encounter with the maniac, Al decides to get the
family out of town. But they realize that they are trapped at the motel
by a storm and the locals are unwilling to help them. Then things take
a turn when Peggy is taken hostage by the ax murderer in a room and
Al must rescue her.

Episode 3: If I Were a Rich Man
Original Air Date4 October 1987

Steve takes Al to the vault at the bank where Steve works for a secret
after-hours card game, and the next day, one million dollars is reported
missing. Al is then treated like a king by Peggy and the kids as well
as hostility from Steve all of whom mistakenly think Al stole the money.

Episode 4: Buck Can Do It
Original Air Date 11 October 1987

Al is loathed to have Buck the dog neutered despite being threatened
with lawsuits from numerous neighbors regarding Buck's
"nocturnal carnal activities" and resulting in "stupid, ugly puppies"
from their dogs. Eventually, Al caves into the pressure by Peggy to
have Buck neutered, but only to change his mind from a bizarre dream
he has involving the self-loathing, non-monogamous stud that Buck is,
since Al himself used to be a zooming stud that he got famous for.

Episode 5: Girls Just Wanna Have Fun: Part 1
Original Air Date 18 October 1987

While Al and Steve are occupied by a female employee who fixes the Bundy's
refrigerator, Peggy invites Marcy to a strip club with the girls.

Episode 6: Girls Just Wanna Have Fun: Part 2
Original Air Date 18 October 1987

Marcy loses her composure and her wedding ring when it slips into a dancer's
briefs when she slips him a tip. Desperate to keep the news from Steve,
Marcy sets out distracting him every chance she gets. However, Zorro the
Stripper suddenly shows up at Al's house and returns Marcy's wedding ring
to him, who gives it to Steve and tells him about where Marcy was the
other night.

Episode 7: For Whom the Bell Tolls
Original Air Date 25 October 1987

Al gets heated up over the large phone bill and refuses to pay it, which
results in the disconnection of the Bundy phone line, making him the target
of hostility from Peggy, the kids and the Rhoades who now take the Bundys
phone calls on their phone, especially the ones from Peggy's mother.
To make matters worse, there's a streetlight that is also bothering Al
which is keeping him awake every night.

Episode 8: Born to Walk
Original Air Date 1 November 1987

Al flunks his written drivers test the same day that Kelly passes hers,
leading him confined to the house and unable to get to the racetrack to
bet on an important horse race.

Episode 9: Alley of the Dolls
Original Air Date 8 November 1987

Victory seems assured when Steve agrees to join the Bundys for a family
team bowling match against Peggy's arch rival from high school, Mimi,
and her obnoxious family. But Bud reveals that he doesn't know how to
bowl because he has squandered his bowling lesson money, prompting
Steve to coach Bud on the pointers of bowling.


Episode 10: The Razor's Edge
Original Air Date 15 November 1987

Steve returns home having grown a beard from a week-long rafting trip.
He and Marcy get into a huge argument over his reluctance to shave it
off, leading him to move in with the Bundys.

Episode 11: How Do You Spell Revenge?
Original Air Dateù22 November 1987

Al, Peggy and Bud are part of a shopping mall softball team playing other
mall teams. After losing a few too many games, Al demands that Peggy improve
her softball skills or she is off his team. Meanwhile, Kelly's new boyfriend,
Brian, asks her to prove her love to him by getting a tattoo.


Episode 12: Earth Angel
Original Air Date 6 December 1987

There's a new light in the neighborhood when Bud brings home an attractive,
free spirited, 21-year-old artist named Tiffany on her way to art school in
New York and everyone likes her, except Marcy for Tiffany steals the attentions
of Steve as well.

Episode 13: You Better Watch Out
Original Air Date 20 December 1987

The Bundys' Christmas is rudely interrupted when a parachuting mall Santa
crash-lands into their backyard, attracting the neighborhood kids.

Episode 14: Guys and Dolls
Original Air Dateù10 January 1988

When starting a baseball card collection, Al and Steve sell Marcy's old
Barbie doll. They must get it back, but they learn the shop they sold it
to was robbed, so they would have to search downtown Chicago and ask every
bum on the street.

Episode 15: Build a Better Mousetrap
Original Air Date 24 January 1988

Al's attempts to get rid of a rodent in the Bundy house end badly.

Episode 16: Master the Possibilities
Original Air Date 7 February 1988

Al, under the impression that you don't have to pay for anything you didn't
order, takes Peggy and Bud on a wild spending spree, and goes with Peggy to a
fancy hotel for a weekend getaway when the mailman accidentally leaves a new
credit card addressed to Buck the dog.

Episode 17: Peggy Loves Al - Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
Original Air Date 14 February 1988

On Valentines Day, Kelly hauls in a load of Valentines, while Steve plans
to give Marcy a trip to Hawaii. When Marcy finds out from Peggy, she plans
to give Steve his Valentine present by jumping out of a life-size cake.
Meanwhile, Bud holds a vigil by the mailbox waiting for his first Valentine,
while Peggy ponders over the decision on whether or not she'll get the gift
she wants from Al for him to say "I Love You."

Episode 18: The Great Escape
Original Air Dateù21 February 1988

The Bundys stay at the shoe store after their houses is tented for termites.
A grounded Kelly plots to escape and go to a rock concert.

Episode 19: Im-Po-Dent
Original Air Date 28 February 1988

Marcy regrets denting Steve's new car when he claims that she's made him impotent.

Episode 20: Just Married... with Children
Original Air Date 6 March 1988

While secretly going through Steve and Marcy's mail, Al and Peggy fill out
an application to a TV game show called "How Do I Love Thee" where the
objective is a Bundy natural: surviving physical torture from one's spouse.
Al and Peggy appear on the show pretending to be Steve and Marcy and they
easily win many prizes. But when Steve and Marcy find out, they appear at
the end of the show pretending to be Al and Peggy, and the husband that
survives the most torture in an electric chair wins a new car.

Episode 21: Father Lode
Original Air Date 13 March 1988

After going with Steve to the racetrack, Al is reluctant to reveal that
he won $1,200, because he knows that Peggy and the kids will take the money
for themselves. While Al tries to throw off Peggy's suspicions with sex,
Steve asks for increasingly exuberant bribes of Al's racetrack winnings so
he will keep his mouth shut about the money.

Episode 22: All in the Family
Original Air Date 1 May 1988

Al's quiet three-day weekend plans to watch his favorite John Wayne movie
"Hondo" are ruined when Peggy's eccentric relatives come to visit the Bundy
household. They include her unseen, super-obese mother, two feuding gay
uncles; the hulking Irwin and the transvestite Otto, as well as a singing
and dancing triplet aunts whose show biz career is threatened by Al's bad
advice to them. Al then interrupts and ruins a romantic evening between
Steve and Marcy to confine with his problems.
PSMdK.png
sEK57.jpg
F8i95.png
Ed O'Neill ... Al Bundy (261 episodes, 1987-1997)
David Faustino ... Bud Bundy (260 episodes, 1987-1997)
Christina Applegate ... Kelly Bundy (259 episodes, 1987-1997)
Katey Sagal ... Peggy Bundy (254 episodes, 1987-1997)
Amanda Bearse ... Marcy D'Arcy (248 episodes, 1987-1997)
Buck Buck ... Buck the Dog (178 episodes, 1987-1995)
Ted McGinley ... Jefferson D'Arcy (168 episodes, 1989-1997)
8qSNk.png
ORIGINAL Source: RS