Simple Port Forwarding Publisher's Description
Manage port settings on your router space

Check this link to understand 


Simple Port Forwarding works with WebPages and not directly with your router. Making it a safe program to use.

Its no different than using Firefox, IE or any other browser to setup port forwarding yourself.
The program works by automating the process for you. So whether you don't understand how to forward ports, or your simply looking for an easier way to forward ports then this program is for you.
Its port forwarding made simple.

The main interface of the program is small and clean. Giving options of seeing what is going to be forwarded to the router and how many entries and ports it will use in the process. You have the ability to save your list and send it to another user of the program. An example would be, lets say you have a family member who lives far from you and doesn't really understand port forwarding, so instead of spending a lot of time over the phone walking them through it you can simply have them use the program and have them load the list and update their router, then your all done. Now that's a time saver.

The program has a large database of known ports for over 700+ games and programs, so finding the port you need is made a little easier.
The program will also remember custom applications you put in, so you don't have to reenter them. The program remembers the last IP address you use to forward to, this helps not having to set it every time you load new ports!

The program has many extra tools, such as a tool to set your IP to static or back to DHCP. When port forwarding the router forwards to an IP address. When DHCP is enabled your IP address can change and thus breaking the port forwarding. By setting your IP to static it never changes. I added this tool to make setting a static IP as easy as possible for people instead of manually doing it on there systems (Which if a person has never done it before can be a little intimidating). The Program also makes adding the ports to the windows firewall as easy as a few clicks! Once you have your ports forwarded you can then test to see if they can be accessed right from with in the program using the built in port tester.

One nice thing about the program is you can see it working with your router. So if there is a problem you will know, also it feels better seeing what's going on with your router instead of just hoping the program is working.

The program has other small features, such as a easy way to download and keep the router, program ports and languages up to date with a simple click of your mouse.
Very simple and useful application.



If you want help about this program check this link too




Developer Shane Croft Solutions, Inc
Product Homepage Simple Port Forwarding 3.2.1
License Free (Freeware)
Size 4.79 MB



Enjoy