Fredrik Egerman is a middle-aged lawyer married to a 19 year old beauty, Anne. Their two-year marriage is still unconsummated, due to Anne's reticence. Fredrik has a son, Henrik, from his marriage to his late first wife. Henrik is in his early 20s and is a student studying to be a minister; he is currently tormented by his love for his step-mother, who secretly loves him in return. Henrik is distracting himself from his semi-Oedipal urges by engaging in an unhappy affair with Fredrik's lusty young servant, Petra. Between his two marriages, Fredrik had an affair with a notable stage actress, the beautiful Desiree Armfeldt, but she broke off the relationship. Desiree currently has a young son named Fredrik, born shortly after her affair with Fredrik Egerman—it is implied but never directly stated that little Fredrik Armfeldt is the son of Fredrik Egerman. Currently, Desiree is having an affair with a brutal army officer, Count Carl-Magnus Malcolm. The Count's wife, Charlotte, is an old friend of Anne Egerman.

Fredrik goes to see Desiree one night to pour out his marital troubles and ask for her help. Due to an accident with a puddle, Fredrik ends up at Desiree's house wearing the Count's nightshirt, and the violently jealous Count turns up unexpectedly and threatens Fredrik with violence unless he leaves. Once Fredrik is gone, the Count treats Desiree violently, leading her to want to break off the affair. The Count tells his wife about the encounter and orders her to tell Anne about Fredrik's supposed infidelity (no infidelity actually occurred, however). Charlotte ends up confessing to Anne that she loves her husband despite everything and would do anything to be loved in return. In order to solve these woes, Desiree has her mother invite all of the cast of characters to her country house for a summer party. Over the course of one night, Henrik and Anne, upon unexpectedly finding themselves alone together in a bed, consummate their relationship and then elope, with the assistance of Henrik's former lover, Petra, and Petra's currently lover, Frid. Fredrik sees the lovers depart but does nothing. Charlotte then joins Fredrik, and upon learning that his wife is with Fredrik, the Count interrupts them and challenges the lawyer to a game of Russian roulette. After the game, the Count reunites with his wife, his feelings for her renewed by his jealousy. Desiree comforts Fredrik, and the four pairs of lovers retire to be happy together. (Wikipedia)

General
Complete name : Sommarnattens leende.mkv
Format : Matroska
File size : 4.68 GiB
Duration : 1h 49mn
Overall bit rate : 6 119 Kbps
Encoded date : UTC 2011-06-15 15:38:55
Writing application : mkvmerge v4.8.0 ('I Got The...') built on May 24 2011 03:12:58
Writing library : libebml v1.2.0 + libmatroska v1.1.0

Video
ID : 1
Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : Baseline@L3.1
Format settings, CABAC : No
Format settings, ReFrames : 1 frame
Format settings, GOP : M=1, N=12
Muxing mode : Header stripping
Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
Duration : 1h 49mn
Nominal bit rate : 6 000 Kbps
Width : 982 pixels
Height : 720 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 4:3
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Color space : YUV
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0
Bit depth : 8 bits
Scan type : Progressive

Audio
ID : 2
Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format profile : LC
Codec ID : A_AAC
Duration : 1h 49mn
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : Front: L R
Bit rate : 192 Kbps
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Compression mode : Lossy
Language : Swedish

Text
ID : 3
Format : VobSub
Muxing mode : zlib
Codec ID : S_VOBSUB
Codec ID/Info : The same subtitle format used on DVDs
Language : English
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048641/

Swedish audio: English (in mkv) and Portuguese subtitles

My rip of the Criterion Blu-Ray

Ingmar Bergman - Sommarnattens leende (1955)