This is one of my absolute favorite albums that I have ever made! Maybe because all peaces in my life came together during my stay in NY. 2009 was a fantastic year for me. A year where I made peace with myself and the personal development that I have gone through the last couple of years. This is a cover album but funnily its probably the most personal and brave record that Ive made, since I really chose the songs according to lyrics that could reflect on my life and where I had been and was at that moment. The title East Side Stories came up because I wanted to reflect the stories that I heard of and experienced at 30 Avenue B in East Village NY where I lived. I did a lot of fun collaborations on this record. Duets with Kate Pierson from The B52s (Sing, originally by Travis) and with the Australian singer SIA (Chris Isaacs Wicked Game) that I met through a friend of ours Amy Ziff, from the punk/pop band Betty, who also sings backing vocals on the record. Even more fun is that one of my favorite musicians/artists takes part on the album - the multi talented and super beautiful Gail Ann Dorsey (David Bowies super bass player). She plays the bass and sings backing vocals on Americas A Horse With No Name. My favorite Irishman is also on the album - Declan ORourke with whom I sing Everybody Hurts by R.E.M. We recorded the album in a studio called The Clubhouse in Woodstock - Upstate NY. We had some fantastic days up there that I will never forget. I will never forget the two American brass players who drove up from New York in a car, literally packed with brass instruments, and they arranged and recorded standing up for a whole day - 24 hours - in the most professional and inspiring way. Lars Halapi produced the album - Rickard Nilsson, Tomas Axelsson, and Peter Korhonen were in the band. The whole record was one big team work. (peterjoback.com)

- - -

Peter Jöback - East Side stories 2009
(Stockholm Sony)

 1. Absent friends
 2. Sing
 3. Somebody
 4. A horse with no name
 5. The drugs don't work
 6. This love affair
 7. Everybody hurts
 8. God loves everyone
 9. Wicked game
10. I can see a little something
11. No surprises
12. Our mutual friend
