Book Description
Tools used for penetration testing are often purchased or downloaded from the Internet. Each tool is based on a programming language such as Perl, Python, or Ruby. If a penetration tester wants to extend, augment, or change the functionality of a tool to perform a test differently than the default configuration, the tester must know the basics of coding for the related programming language. Coding for Penetration Testers provides the reader with an understanding of the scripting languages that are commonly used when developing tools for penetration testing. It also guides the reader through specific examples of custom tool development and the situations where such tools might be used. While developing a better understanding of each language, the reader is guided through real-world scenarios and tool development that can be incorporated into a tester’s toolkit.

Review
“Penetration testing is a profession that requires the mastery of dozens of tools; every job poses challenges that require these tools to be mixed, matched, and automated. The master penetration tester not only excels at using his or her toolbox, but also expands it with custom scripts and unique programs to solve the challenge of the day. This book provides a solid introduction to custom scripting and tool development, using multiple languages, with a penetration tester’s goals in mind. This background can transform penetration testing from a manual, often repetitive task, to an efficient process that is not just faster, but also more accurate and consistent across large engagements.”
–HD Moore, Metasploit Founder and CSO of Rapid7

“Penetration testing requires that the tester understand the target as much as possible, and know how to perform various attacks while being as efficient as possible. Having the skill set to create and use a variety of scripts increases the penetration tester’s efficiency and elevates him or her from the script kiddie to the professional realm. Ryan Linn and Jason Andress have created a guide that explores and introduces the techniques that are necessary to build the scripts used during a test. No matter the platform, this book provides the information required to learn scripting and become a world-class penetration tester. This is definitely a book that will remain close at hand for every test I perform!”
–Kevin Johnson, Senior Consultant, Secure Ideas

Table of Contents
Chapter 0: Introduction
Chapter 1: Introduction to Command Shell Scripting
Chapter 2: Introduction to Python
Chapter 3: Introduction to Perl
Chapter 4: Introduction to Ruby
Chapter 5: Introduction to Web Scripting with PHP
Chapter 6: Manipulating Windows with PowerShell
Chapter 7: Scanner Scripting
Chapter 8: Information Gathering
Chapter 9: Exploitation Scripting
Chapter 10: Post-Exploitation Scripting
Appendix: Subnetting and CIDR Addresses

Book Details
Paperback: 320 pages
Publisher: Syngress (October 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1597497290
ISBN-13: 978-1597497299