One Night With The King (2006 Biblical Drama)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1141kbps 
Duration.............: 2:02:34
Resolution...........: 848*476 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 448 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 6 
Filesize.............: 1,471,347,734 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0430431/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Night_with_the_King
 
http://bayimg.com/faIHIaAdB

One Night with the King is a historical epic film that was released in 2006 in the United States. Based on the novel Hadassah: One Night with the King by Tommy Tenney and Mark Andrew Olsen, One Night with the King is a dramatization of the Old Testament Bible story of Esther, who risked her life by approaching the king to request that he save the Jewish people.

The movie was produced by Matt Crouch and Laurie Crouch of Gener8Xion Entertainment It was ninth on the list of highest-grossing motion pictures during the week it was released. This film received a 2007 CAMIE Award, as did Luke Goss for his portrayal of King Xerxes. The film was chosen to be shown at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival.

The film generally adheres to the main plot of the Biblical version. However, the film adds stylistic elements not present in the Biblical story. The Jewish version of the relationship between Hadassah/Esther (Tiffany Dupont) and Ahasuerus (treated as Xerxes I of Persia in this, as in many adaptations) was not a love story, but a forced marriage in which Esther had no choice but was still very happy. The story presents many facets that could have happened rather than strictly sticking to biblical texts.

This biblical drama chronicles the legend of Hadassah (Tiffany Dupont), a beautiful Jewish orphan who rises to become Queen Esther of Persia and saves Persian Jews from genocide. By revealing her heritage to the king, Esther thwarts the evil prime minister's plan to annihilate all Jews in the Persian Empire, which becomes the inspiration for the annual festival of Purim.

Tiffany Dupont as Hadassah/Esther, the main protagonist
Luke Goss as King Xerxes I of Persia, Esther's love interest
John Rhys-Davis as Mordecai, Esther's uncle
Omar Sharif as Prince Memucan
Tommy Lister, Jr. as Hegai, the Royal Eunuch, the harem's bodyguard
John Noble as Prince Admatha, a scheming, anti-Semetic prince
James Callis as Haman, the Agagite
Peter O'Toole as Prophet Samuel
Jyoti Dogra as Queen of Persia Vashti
Tom Alter as King Saul of Israel
Aditya Bal as Amalekite King Agag

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book_of_Esther

The Book of Esther is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible. The Book of Esther or the Megillah is the basis for the Jewish celebration of Purim. Its 

full text is read aloud twice during the celebration, in the evening and again the following morning.

Setting

The biblical Book of Esther is set in the third year of Ahasuerus, a king of Persia. The name Ahasuerus is equivalent to Xerxes, both deriving from the Persian Khashayarsha, thus Ahasuerus is usually identified as Xerxes I (486-465 BCE), though Ahasuerus is identified as Artaxerxes in the later Greek version of Esther (as well as by Josephus, the Jewish commentary Esther Rabbah, the Ethiopic translation and the Christian theologian Bar-Hebraeus who identified him more precisely as Artaxerxes II [1]). The Book of Esther tells a story of palace intrigue and genocide thwarted by a Jewish queen of Persia.

Plot

Ahasuerus, ruler of a massive Persian empire, holds a lavish party, initially for his court and dignitaries and afterwards for all inhabitants of the capital city Shushan. Ahasuerus orders the queen Vashti to display her beauty before the guests. She refuses. Worried all women will learn from this, Ahasuerus removes her as queen and has a royal decree sent across the empire that men should be the ruler of their households and should speak their own native tongue. Ahasuerus then orders all "beautiful young girls to be presented to him, so he can choose a new queen to replace Vashti. One of these is Esther, who had no parents and is being fostered by her cousin Mordechai. She finds favor in the king's eyes, and is made his new queen. Esther does not reveal that she is Jewish. Shortly afterwards, Mordechai discovers a plot by courtiers Bigthan and Teresh to assassinate Ahasuerus. They are apprehended and hanged, and Mordechai's service to the king is recorded.Ahasuerus appoints Haman as his prime minister. Mordechai, who sits at the palace gates, falls into Haman's disfavor as he refuses to bow down to him. 

Having found out that Mordechai is Jewish, Haman plans to kill not just Mordechai but all the Jews in the empire. He obtains Ahasuerus' permission to execute this plan, against payment of ten thousand talents of silver, and he casts lots to choose the date on which to do this—the thirteenth of the month of Adar. On that day, everyone in the empire is free to massacre the Jews and despoil their property. When Mordechai finds out about the plans he and all Jews mourn and fast. Mordechai informs Esther what has happened and tells her to intercede with the King. She is afraid to break the law and go to the King unsummoned. This action would incur the death penalty. Mordechai tells her that she must. She orders Mordechai to have all Jews fast for three days together with her, and on the third day she goes to Ahasuerus, who stretches out his sceptre to her which shows that she is not to be punished. She invites him to a feast in the company of Haman. During the feast, she asks them to attend a further feast the next evening. Meanwhile, Haman is again offended by Mordechai and consults with his friends. At his wife's suggestion, he builds a gallows for Mordechai.

That night, Ahasuerus suffers from insomnia, and when the court records are read to him to help him sleep, he learns of the services rendered by Mordechai in the previous plot against his life. Ahasuerus is told that Mordechai has not received any recognition for saving the king's life. Just then, Haman appears, to ask the King to hang Mordechai, but before he can make this request, King Ahasuerus asks Haman what should be done for the man that the king wishes to honor. Thinking that the man that the king is referring to is himself, Haman says that the man should be dressed in the king's royal robes and led around on the king's royal horse, while a herald calls: "See how the king honours a man he wishes to reward!" To his horror and surprise, the king instructs Haman to do so to Mordechai. After leading Mordechai's parade, he returns in mourning to his wife and friends, who suggest his downfall has begun.

Immediately after, Ahasuerus and Haman attend Esther's second banquet, at which she reveals that she is Jewish and that Haman is planning to exterminate her people, including her. Overcome by rage, Ahasuerus leaves the room; meanwhile Haman stays behind and begs Esther for his life, falling upon her in desperation. The king comes back in at this moment and thinks Haman is assaulting the queen; this makes him angrier than before and he orders Haman hanged on the gallows that Haman had prepared for Mordechai. The previous decree against the Jews cannot be annulled, but the king allows the Jews to defend themselves during attacks. As a result, on 13 Adar, five hundred attackers and Haman's ten sons are killed in Shushan, followed by a Jewish slaughter of seventy-five thousand Persians, although they took no plunder. Esther sends a letter instituting an annual commemoration of the Jewish people's redemption, in a holiday called Purim (lots). Ahasuerus remains very powerful and continues reigning, with Mordechai assuming a prominent position in his court. 
