[center][img]http://img845.imageshack.us/img845/7607/12841887125644242690.jpg[/img]

[img]http://img225.imageshack.us/img225/9944/45995218.jpg[/img]

iMDB :- [url]http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0758790/[/url]

[img]http://img715.imageshack.us/img715/455/cb6e44035b4e8bcf286a069.png[/img]

[quote]Episode list:

Season 1, Episode 1: In Cold Blood
Original Air Date—1 April 2007
King Henry VIII, the young and ambitious monarch of England, prepares for war with France but is dissuaded by the diplomatic manipulation of his powerful Lord Chancellor, Cardinal Wolsey, who proposes that the King sponsor a "Treaty of Universal Peace." The harmony of the King's domestic affairs is threatened, however, when he discovers that Elizabeth Blount, the young and beautiful lady-in-waiting to his Queen, Katherine of Aragon, is pregnant with his child.
	
Season 1, Episode 2: Simply Henry
Original Air Date—8 April 2007
Henry and his court look to sign the treaty with France, though tempers of both kings flare up at the summit. Meanwhile, Henry takes on a new mistress named Mary Boleyn, though he soon tires of her and Mary's sister, Anne, is summoned to the court.
	
Season 1, Episode 3: Wolsey, Wolsey, Wolsey!
Original Air Date—15 April 2007
The King asks Charles to escort his sister, Margaret, to her betrothed and promotes him to Duke of Suffolk. The envoys from the Holy Roman-Emperor meet with Cardinal Wolsey and determine how to cement the treaty between the two nations. Anne catches the King's notice in a play. The Emperor is invited to the King's court. It is learned that the King of France knows of the treaty talks- and the Cardinal is quick to find a scapegoat. We learn more of why Anne's father and uncle want her to seduce the King.

Season 1, Episode 4: His Majesty, the King
Original Air Date—22 April 2007
As a reward for his denunciation of Martin Luther, the Pope christens Henry "Defender of the Faith," but a brush with death causes the king to seek a solution to his lack of an heir. Princess Margaret marries the decrepit King of Portugal reluctantly, but the union is short-lived; Henry's desire for Anne Boleyn intensifies.
	
Season 1, Episode 5: Arise, My Lord
Original Air Date—29 April 2007
Henry is displeased to learn that the Emperor Charles V, Queen Katherine's nephew, has released King Francis of France from prison and is forced to look for a foreign ally elsewhere. Meanwhile Katherine's alliance with Charles intensifies as does her hatred of Wolsey. Anne Boleyn turns down the king's proposal that she be the royal mistress, demanding nothing less than being declared queen.
	
Season 1, Episode 6: True Love
Original Air Date—6 May 2007
Henry is still besotted with Anne Boleyn, queen Catherine asks a diplomat to appeal to her Habsburg relatives. Now the emperor has captured the pope in Italy, cardinal Woolsey promises the king to get a mandate from the cardinals to handle Henry's divorce demand and personally goes to Paris in triumph, to sign a treaty with the French king Francis I. Ann's father Thomas Boleyn tells the incredulous king about the cardinal's stealing confiscated monastical goods. After utterly abject humiliation at Henry's feet, Charles Brandon is allowed to win his return to court by arm-wrestling. When the pope escapes to Orvieto, Thomas Cromwell pleases the king by proposing Ann's former tutor as messenger to present his divorce requests; Woolsey has him intercepted, reads the draft documents and lets him go, sneering the mission is hopeless; the king is furious when it fails indeed.
	
Season 1, Episode 7: Message to the Emperor
Original Air Date—13 May 2007
Sir William Compton is diagnosed on his Warwickshire estate with highly contagious 'sweating sickness', the physician bleeds his back- death comes swift, his body is burned before burial, Thomas Tallis breaks his lute on the fresh grave, then courts Joan Larke. The Cardinal flatters Ann and announces the alliance with France against the emperor is a fact, while he sends lawyers Stephen Gardiner and Foxe to pope Clement VII in Orvieto, requesting an annulment of the royal marriage to Catherine, if necessary by threats, while the emperor demands confirmation. The duke of Norfolk is removed from court. Just after the arrival of the new French ambassador, who promises French troops will drive the emperor out of Italy soon, the epidemic and utter panic reach London, even the royal court, where Henry tries every remedy, including working up a natural sweat, ultimately flees like most before him. The pope appoints cardinal Campeggio as legate to constitute a divorce court with Wolsey after the plague. Moore tells his daughter Lutheranism is a far worse danger then the plague, in all Europe. Unlike tens of thousands, Anne Boleyn and Wolsey survive, the plague recedes, the papal legate arrives as court reassembles, Tallis conducts a mass of thanks.
	
Season 1, Episode 8: Truth and Justice
Original Air Date—20 May 2007
Cardinal Campeggio's long awaited papal legation has arrived at court to decide with colleague-cardinal Thomas Wolsey on the royal request for divorce, claiming Catherine's first marriage to Henry's late elder brother nullified his. When Campeggio learns the king won't yield, he suggests an alternative: the queen could retire to a monastery, but only voluntarily, which she refuses, swearing in confessional she came as a virgin to Henry. Thomas Tallis proposes to his late lover Joan's sister Jane. Under Anne Boleyn's love spell, Henry sends bishops to tells the queen she's suspected of hating and conspiring against him, and grows angry at Wolsey's failure to persuade or threaten Campeggio, even sends Charles Brandon to Paris to question the French king Francis I about the true intentions of the emperor, pope and cardinal. Brandon also confirms to father Thomas Boleyn's party the time may be ripe to bring Wolsey down. When the legatine court finally assembles, the king states his case personally as a matter of justice, allegedly after 'his conscience' finally stopped him from keeping silent out of love for the queen. Wolsey simply brushes aside the queen's objections to the competence and objectivity of the court. After imploring justice and appealing to Henry kneeling at his feet, Catherine walks out, to public acclaim, royal fury and Wolsey's despair.
	
Season 1, Episode 9: Look to God First
Original Air Date—3 June 2007
The legatine court's divorce trial continues in the Queen's absence, hearing testimony suggesting prince Arthur carnally consummated his marriage to Catherine: embarrassing for the court, amusing for the populace. Catherine's council, bishop Fisher, dares claim even heaven can't dissolve the royal marriage, comparing to Herod Antipas' adultery shamed by Saint John the Baptist who was executed for that truth. Woolsey sends Thomas More to Cambria (Cambray) to check if France and the pope remain irreconcilable with the emperor. After Anne walks off, disbelieving Wolsey's promises to the king of a divorce by summer, Henry implies to cardinal Campeggio a negative verdict could turn him and England Lutheran, like half of Germany, yet after a papal message the legate prorogues the court till the end of the Roman Curia's recess, in October; imperial ambassador Mendoza, who is ceding his post to bishop Chapuys, tells Catherine it's the emperor's doing. Henry's sister Margaret dies from the consumption she contracted from Brandon, who recovered. When Thomas More reports the negotiations reconciled the emperor with France and pope Clement, Woolsey fears facing the royal wrath and ends up banned from court, ordered to relinquish all lucrative offices and accused of usurping royal authority. More is persuaded to succeed him as chancellor, under Henry's promise his conscience won't be abused by matters such as the divorce.
	
Season 1, Episode 10: The Death of Wolsey
Original Air Date—10 June 2007
Now cardinal Wolsey lives in misery as penniless archbishop of and in York, barred from court, hoping in vain Ann Boleyn who broke his hold on the king will reward his efforts as she once wrote, honors and offices are mainly distributed to the Boleyn clan, with Norfolk in charge -Charles Brandon neglects his joint presidency- of the royal council. While the devout, rather ascetic new chancellor Thomas More is determined to crush heresy, personally attending the stake, Thomas Cromwell convinces Henry that under Luther's vision the king is above all earthly laws, even his annulment should merely be treated as a theological matter, so he is commissioned to put the case before European theology faculties, while ambassador Boleyn must approach pope and emperor. Once he tastes the burden of government, Henry reproaches the council less virtue and worse results then the cardinal, especially now the treasury is empty and troubles spread, but when Cromwell learns trough a physician about Wolsey's plot for his own reinstatement with pope and queen, the former master of the game is thrown in the Tower, where he slits his own throat, while More and the Catholic church are doomed now Henry has decided to make his own, almost Lutheran break-up with Rome after most universities and princes sided with Catherine.

Season 2
	
Season 2, Episode 1: Everything Is Beautiful
Original Air Date—30 March 2008
As he seeks the annulment of his marriage to Katherine of Aragon, King Henry VIII appoints himself the head of the Church of England. And Anne Boleyn insists that Henry remove Queen Katherine from the picture -- and Court.
	
Season 2, Episode 2: Tears of Blood
Original Air Date—6 April 2008
The Archbishop's capitulation to Henry results in Thomas More's resignation and a triumphal trip by Henry to France to show off his new queen to Francis.
	
Season 2, Episode 3: Checkmate
Original Air Date—13 April 2008
After Henry breaks all ties with the church and marries Anne, the Pope threatens him with excommunication and authorizes Anne's assassination.
	
Season 2, Episode 4: The Act of Succession
Original Air Date—20 April 2008
After princess Elisabeth's baptism, Henry orders Thomas Cromwell to draw up a bill of succession favoring his and Ann's offspring, to be accepted by an oath from all subjects. The affront to the imperialist party is maximized by making princess Mary a lowly lady in waiting to her half-sister, yet the French King still refuses openly to recognize the new Queen. Ann orders her rival lady Eleanor Luke eliminated, by false charges of jewel theft. Tired of Henry's schismatic obstinacy, Pope Paul III makes the loyal, hence jailed bishop Fisher a cardinal, Henry orders his beheading. Thomas More can no longer support his entire family, yet answers Cromwell's questions with Henry's own pamphlet arguing for papal supremacy by divine right. At her father George Boleyn's suggestion only an ambitious mistress is a problematic rival, Ann urges Margaret 'Madge' Sheldon to 'succeed' Eleanor. Thomas More refuses to take the oath as phrased, while accepting he succession, landing him in the Tower.
	
Season 2, Episode 5: His Majesty's Pleasure
Original Air Date—27 April 2008
Fisher and More continue to resist the coercion to take the oath and pay with their lives as Henry's ardor toward Anne subsides after her miscarriage.
	
Season 2, Episode 6: The Definition of Love
Original Air Date—4 May 2008
When King Francis refuses to approve an engagement involving the baby but proposes one between Mary and the Dauphin, Henry begins to turn against Anne.
	
Season 2, Episode 7: Matters of State
Original Air Date—11 May 2008
Henry warns Anne to stay out of state affairs, but her paranoiac fear of Catherine is only alleviated with her death and Anne's new pregnancy.
	
Season 2, Episode 8: Lady in Waiting
Original Air Date—18 May 2008
The Pope excommunicates Henry, who recovers after a near-fatal jousting accident and begins a relationship with Jane Seymour.
	
Season 2, Episode 9: The Act of Treason
Original Air Date—25 May 2008
As Jane Seymour's fortunes rise, Anne's fall. Several of those close to her including her brother are tortured into confessing treason and beheaded.
	
Season 2, Episode 10: Destiny and Fortune
Original Air Date—1 June 2008
Anne goes to her death continuing to pronounce her innocence and that of the accused men.
Season 3
	
Season 3, Episode 1: Civil Unrest
Original Air Date—5 April 2009
Henry's new wife Jane urges him to reconcile with his daughter Mary while Robert Aske leads a pilgrimage of thousands against Cromwell's monastic reforms.
	
Season 3, Episode 2: The Northern Uprising
Original Air Date—12 April 2009
The Duke of Suffolk is unable to defeat the rebellion militarily, so he resorts to lies and subterfuge as Jane becomes pregnant with Henry's son.
	
Season 3, Episode 3: Dissension and Punishment
Original Air Date—19 April 2009
Henry feigns reconciliation with Aske but ultimately has the leaders of the rebellion arrested; later he becomes ecstatic over Jane's pregnancy.
	
Season 3, Episode 4: The Death of a Queen
Original Air Date—26 April 2009
Forced to recant, Aske is hanged in Yorkshire, Cromwell coerces Brandon to execute more rebels as examples, and Jane suffers complications in childbirth.
	
Season 3, Episode 5: Problems in the Reformation
Original Air Date—3 May 2009
While a grieving Henry remains in seclusion with his fool coming to grips with Jane's death, court intrigue turns to political assassination in his absence.
	
Season 3, Episode 6: Search for a New Queen
Original Air Date—10 May 2009
frustrated in his efforts to assassinate Cardinal Pole, henry has his relatives executed while Cromwell supports a marriage to Anne of Cleves.
	
Season 3, Episode 7: Protestant Anne of Cleves
Original Air Date—17 May 2009
Henry settles on Anne Of Cleves as his fourth wife but is disappointed with her attractiveness and blames Cromwell for his unhappy situation.
	
Season 3, Episode 8: The Undoing of Cromwell
Original Air Date—24 May 2009
As Henry seeks to have his marriage to Anne of Cleves annulled and Cromwell removed, Bryan pimps teenage Catherine Howard as Henry's new mistress.
Season 4
	
Season 4, Episode 1: Moment of Nostalgia
Original Air Date—11 April 2010
Henry is proud of Catherine, his beautiful, vivacious seventeen year old wife, who buys silence from an old friend by making her a member of the court.
	
Season 4, Episode 2: Sister
Original Air Date—18 April 2010
Joan Bulmer confides the Queen's sexual history to Lady Rochford who tells it to Culpepper and arranges for him to have a liaison with the neglected Catherine.
	
Season 4, Episode 3: Something for You
Original Air Date—25 April 2010
While Henry prepares for a politically important trip to meet the defeated Northern rebels, Queen Catherine carries on her passionate affair with Culpepper.
	
Season 4, Episode 4: Natural Ally
Original Air Date—2 May 2010
Catherine's buys the silence of an indiscreet former lover with a position in her chamber as her affair with Culpepper becomes more tempestuous.
	
Season 4, Episode 5: Bottom of the Pot
Original Air Date—9 May 2010
After receiving a letter from an anonymous source the King decides to investigate the accusation that two other men knew Catherine 'carnally' while she was under the service of the Dowager Duchess, and he confines his Queen to her apartments with only Lady Rochford. The investigations uncovers many lies and many truths, which results in the execution of one of Catherine Howard's former lovers Francis Dereham, her current lover Thomas Culpepper, Lady Jane Rochford and Herself.
	
Season 4, Episode 6: You Have My Permission
Original Air Date—16 May 2010
Henry allows Bishop Gardner a free rein in rooting out heretics and sets his eyes on the soon-to-be-widowed Catherine Parr.
	
Season 4, Episode 7: Sixth and the Final Wife
Original Air Date—23 May 2010
After leaving wife Catherine as regent, a bellicose Henry invades France and lays siege to Boulogne in an attempt to regain his French provinces.
	
Season 4, Episode 8: As It Should Be
Original Air Date—6 June 2010
Although Henry does take Boulogne, his troops are decimated by dysentery while back in England the Queen arranges to give Edward a tutor with Lutheran beliefs.
	
Season 4, Episode 9: Secrets of the Heart
Original Air Date—13 June 2010
Surrey plots treason after being relieved of command, and as Bishop Gardiner's inquisition proceeds, it comes closer and closer to the Queen.
	
Season 4, Episode 10: Death of a Monarchy
Original Air Date—20 June 2010
As Henry's health deteriorates, he grows introspective as various factions in the court try to position themselves for the seemingly inevitable succession.
[/quote]

File Size: [code]16.69 GiB[/code]

Info Hash: [code]7096E8208A65EBC320FD66ECF4E56F72A3A36421[/code]

Trackers: 

 
http://genesis.1337x.org:1337/announce
 
http://exodus.1337x.org/announce
 
http://tracker.publicbt.com/announce

 
http://tracker.ex.ua/announce
[/code]

[img]http://img695.imageshack.us/img695/6263/phoenixnebulabig.jpg[/img]

[img]http://torrent-stats.info/66ec/7d2b4748.png[/img][/center]