Title: Morrer Como Um Homem aka Mourir Comme Un Homme aka To Die Like A Man 
Year: 2009 
Country: Portugal 
Language: Portuguese 
Source: DVDRIP 
Size: 1,95 GB 
Genre: Biography / Drama 
Runtime: 133 min 
Resolution: 640 x 464 
Bitrates: 448kbps 
Video Codec: XVID 
Audio Codec: AC3 
Directed by: Joao Pedro Rodrigues 
Starring:
Fernando Santos ... Tonia  
Alexander David ... Rosario 
Gonçalo Ferreira De Almeida ... Maria Bakker 
Fernando Gomes ... Teixeira 
Jenni La Rue ... Jenny 
Miguel Loureiro ... Paula 
Chandra Malatitch ... Ze Maria 
Andre Murraças ... Dr. Felgueiras 
Cindy Scrash ... Irene 

IMDB Rating: 7.2/10 (200 votes) 

IMDB Link:  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1424361/ 

Plot: A synopsis cannot do justice to this movie. Its beauty just transcends words, and if you've already seen Odete or O Fantasma you'll know that dialogue or plot aren't exactly Rodrigues stronger point, but still here's a synopsis taken from the Cannes Festival site: 

«Once upon a time there was a war… In the darkness of the night, a young soldier goes AWOL. 
Tonia, a veteran transsexual in Lisbon’s drag shows, watches the world around her crumble. The competition from younger artists threatens her star status. 
Under pressure from her young boyfriend Rosário to assume her female identity, the sex change operation that will transform her into a woman, Tonia struggles against her deeply-held religious convictions. If, on the one hand, she wants to be the woman that Rosário so desires, on the other, she knows that before God she can never be that woman. And her son, whom she abandoned when he was a child, now a deserter, comes looking for her. 
Tonia discovers that she’s ill. To get away from all her troubles she travels to the countryside with Rosário, on the excuse of visiting his brother. Rosário takes the road of his childhood but will never find the right way. Lost, they find themselves in an enchanted forest, a magical world where they come across the enigmatic Maria Bakker and her friend Paula. 
And that meeting will turn their whole world on its head…» 


This movie was chosen by Portugal to represents that country in the Oscar 2011.



ATTENTION: THIS RELEASE IS WITH "BETTER QUALITY" THAN MY ANOTHER UP FROM THIS SAME MOVIE.
 


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.
 


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ		