Bigasoft MKV Converter 3.5.7.3987
FileSize: 7.8 Mb

Bigasoft MKV Converter helps you convert MKV file to all popular video formats for playback no matter where you are. It fast converts MKV (Matroska Video) to the proper formats playable on iPod, iPhone, BlackBerry, Zune, PSP, Apple TV, XBox, other MP4 Player, etc.

The MKV video converter can easily convert MKV to AVI, convert MKV to MP4, convert MKV to WMV, as well as other popular video formats like AVI, DivX, Xvid, WMV, MP4, H.264, MOV, HD video, etc. Moreover, it also can convert MKA (Matroska Audio) to MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC or M4A music to help you listen to your superb songs no matter where you are.

With strong editing functions support, the powerful conversion tool can help you make your creative movies. Split MKV files into several segments with the exact time length. Crop the playing region to get the perfect playing effect and the best video quality.

Key Features

Watch WKV anywhere
Bigasoft MKV Converter fast converts MKV (Matroska Video) to the proper formats playable on iPod, iPhone, BlackBerry, Zune, PSP, Apple TV, XBox, other MP4 Player, etc for watching anywhere.
Convert WKV to other formats
The MKV video converter can easily convert MKV to other popular video formats like AVI, DivX, Xvid, WMV, MP4, H.264, MOV, HD video, etc.
Play MKA files
Convert MKA (Matroska Audio) to MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC or M4A music to help you listen to your superb songs no matter where you are.
Extract audio from MKV
Extract sound tracks from MKV movies to hear anywhere or share with your friends.
Watch marvelous part
Getting rid of the ads, trailers, beginning and ending segment of the MKV movies can be done by setting the exact start time and duration.
Best quality for watching
Crop frame size to remove your unwanted area using this MKV file converter like the smart scissors.
Preview and take snapshot
This MKV video converter supports MKV preview and snapshots at any time when preview.
Batch conversion
Set after done action ahead of conversion to save time on waiting and ease your digital life.
Pause at any moment
When converting MKV movies, you can pause, stop and continue at your will.
Easy to use
Bigasoft MKV Converter has a user-friendly interface and very easy to use.
Windows 7 supported
The handy MKV converter is compatible with all Windows including Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.
Support multi-language
Support multi-language like English, German, French, Chinese and Japanese now.


Install Notes:
1. Run the Installer
2. Enter serial in main menu or when asked.

Done