
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61BCTAF496L._SS500_.jpg


Title: A Christmas to Remember
Artist: Various Artists
Original Release Date: June 1, 1982
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Atlanta Rhythm - Silver Bells
02. The Hollywood Strings - O Come All Ye Faithful
03. Southampton Singers - O Holy Night
04. Orion - Joy to the World
05. Atlanta Rhythm - Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
06. The Band - Jingle Bells
07. Pamela - Frosty the Snowman
08. Atlanta Rhythm - Jingle Bell Rock
09. Jay Patten - Silent Night
10. The Jordanaires - O Little Town Of Bethlehem
11. Guitar Chimes - Jolly Ol' St. Nicholas
12. Hand Bell Choir - I Heard the Bells On Christmas Day
13. Christmas Brass - Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
14. Jay Patten - O Christmas Tree
15. The Hillsboro Singers - Away In a Manger
16. Marguerite Piazza - What Child Is This
17. The Hollywood Strings - Ave Maria
18. Max Kim - (Dancin' in a) Winter Wonderland
19. Swingin Organs - Christmas Polka
20. Pamela - Up On The Housetop
21. Jay Patten - God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen
22. The Band - Rock Around The Christmas Tree
23. Nashville Keyboard Section - We Three Kings
24. Marguerite Piazza - The 12 Days of Christmas
25. Christmas Brass - We Wish You a Happy Christmas


Amazon Review:
When considering must-own holiday albums, Bing Crosby's "White Christmas" and Nat King Cole's "Christmas Album" are the obvious big-hitters. However, it would be foolish to overlook "A Christmas To Remember". an album that never disappoints. A beautiful and ecclectic collection of holiday songs, A Christmas To Remember can satisfy, to steal a line from Nat King Cole, "Kids from one to ninety-two." From Pamela's magical renditions of "Up On The Housetop" and "Frosty The Snowman" to Max Kim's contributions on "Dancin' In A Winter Wonderland" and "Rock Around The Christmas Tree", these Christmas recordings truly warm the soul. The Swingin' Organs' whimsical "Christmas Polka" is an instant classic, and Atlanta Rhythm's "Jingle Bell Rock" is a delightful twist on the Bobby Helms classic. For a fitting ending, The Christmas Brass's take on "We Wish You A Merry Christmas" only leaves you wanting more. 

This album is a must-own for anyone who appreciates good holiday music, and the bountiful 25-track songlist makes it a bargain. Our family has this album on constant rotation during the holidays, and I highly recommend that you do the same. 