Nancy C. Muir , "iPad All-in-One For Dummies, 2nd Edition" 
For Dummies | 2011 | ISBN: 1118105354 | 592 pages | PDF | 36.8 MB 

 The ins and outs of all things iPad and iPad 2—in full color!

 Packed with the power of a MacBook, iPod touch, eReader, digital camera, portable game console and so much more, the iPad is an awesome device. And, the business world has certainly taken notice. The iPad is moving into the enterprise where power users and professionals alike are using the device to increase their productivity and work smarter at the office and on the go.

 Long-time For Dummies author Nancy Muir walks you through the latest functions, features, and capabilities of the iPad and iPad 2 in six easy-to-understand minibooks covering setting up and synching your iPad; using the iWork applications; printing from your iPad; managing your contacts and calendar; accessing your e-mail and the web; making FaceTime video calls; using your iPad as a presentation tool; and finding the best apps for travel, news, weather, finances, and business productivity.
 Six full-color minibooks include: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps
 Covers the newest iPad 2 features including FaceTime, Photo Booth, Smart Covers, HD video and cameras, video mirroring, and HDMI output
 Shows you how to use iWork and other productivity apps to dress up your documents, create stellar spreadsheets, add pizzazz to your presentations, and maintain your schedule on the run
 Walks you through connecting with WiFi and 3G; using Maps for directions and places to stay when you’re away from the office; keeping in touch with e-mail and social networking; and using your iPad as a remote desktop while you’re on the road
 Includes information on having a little fun, too, with tips on loading your iPad or iPad 2 with music, movies, photos, e-books, games, apps, and more

 Filled with no-nonsense basics and slick and savvy tips, iPad All-in-One For Dummies, Second Edition is the best accessory you’ll ever buy for your iPad or iPad 2!

 From the Back Cover
 Your iPad is teeming with tools,tricks, and tons of fun — here’s how to take advantage of them all!

 iPad may be easy to use, but there’s more than meets the eye packed into this amazing device. You’re cheating yourself if you don’t learn about all it has to offer. This handy book covers all the features of the iPad and iPad 2 and shows you how to be more productive, find places to go and things to do, get organized, and stay entertained with apps, e-books, movies, and more!
 Just getting started? — Set up your iPad or iPad 2, sync it with your computer, use the cameras, set up e-mail, and surf with Safari
 Have some fun — play music and videos, read e-books, make video calls with FaceTime, take photos, and enjoy awesome games
 Let’s go — get travel directions, find the nearest ATM, and keep in touch with the office from anywhere
 A helping hand — organize your day, make notes, and create documents and presentations using iWork apps
 Feed your App-etite — find the hottest apps for business, finance, travel, entertainment, news, and more

 Open the book and find:
 An overview of all the apps you’ll start with
 iPad maintenance and troubleshooting tips
 How to use iPad 2′s front- and rear-facing cameras
 Why the iPad is the ultimate gaming device
 How to connect just about anywhere you go
 Hints for getting things done with iWork
 Tips on printing from your iPad
 Cool social media apps to check out

 6 Books in 1
 iPad Basics
 Just for Fun
 iPad on the Go
 Getting Productive with iWork
 Using iPad to Get Organized
 Must-Have iPad Apps