These is the October 26th releases from DC's New 52.   As usual I have gotten these all over the net, so these are not my scans or original uploads.  Respect to all of the original scanners and uploaders.

All descriptions are from the DC Comics website.   Included in this torrent are The Legion of Super-Heroes Origin special

ALL-STAR WESTERN #2 (CBR format 10/26/2011)  

What happens when a psychologist and a sociopath have to work together to track down Gotham City's first serial killer? They'll soon find that crime in the big city runs deeper than its foundations, and it's all mapped out in the mysterious Crime Bible – that is, if they don't kill each other first.

Plus: No zombie is safe in the Wild West when Lazarus Lane summons the demon known as El Diablo!

Aquaman #2 (CBR format 10/26/2011)

An entire town…devoured! As Aquaman and Mera discover the grisly truth behind a town's disappearance, the Trench infestation spreads inland! Plus: Another gruesome Trench power revealed – and it's not for the squeamish!

BATMAN: THE DARK KNIGHT #2 

Something sinister surges through Arkham Asylum, and Batman finds himself bombarded by his greatest foes in this second sensational issue from superstar creator David Finch!

Bigger, meaner, and more powerful than ever before, the inmates of Arkham Asylum run rampant as the entire Bat Family struggles to keep the walls from falling down, unleashing Gotham City's worst criminals on the unsuspecting population. And you won't believe the jaw-dropping final page! Just keep repeating, "It's only a comic book. It's only a comic book..."

BLACKHAWKS #2 (CBZ format 10/26/2011)

While the Blackhawks deal with a potential public exposure, Lady Blackhawk is keeping dangerous secrets of her own! And the first clues of a vast conspiracy throughout the DC Universe begin to take shape. The action ratchets up for DC's newest team of high-tech military operatives.

THE FLASH #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

The Fastest Man Alive learns he can make his brain function even faster than before – but as much as it helps him, it also comes with a steep price. Plus: The mystery behind Barry Allen's friend Manuel Lago deepens as Barry investigates his kidnapping at the hands of Mob Rule!

THE FURY OF FIRESTORM: THE NUCLEAR MEN #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

Three innocent high school kids are caught in the crosshairs of an international special forces team with orders to murder them in cold blood...until two of those teenagers summon the terrifying, living nuclear monstrosity known as the Fury of Firestorm! Do not miss this disturbing look into the future of super powers in the DC Universe!

GREEN LANTERN: NEW GUARDIANS #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

By their rings betrayed! Who – or what – has the might to tear power rings from each of the seven Lantern Corps, murdering their former bearers in the process? And why have the rings all chosen Kyle Rayner as their new master? As members of each Corps target Kyle for death, we learn more about the shocking fate of Ganthet!

I, VAMPIRE #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

True love becomes divine hatred between the Queen of Blood and Andrew, as her vampires begin their attacks across the country. Their past behind them, they find themselves ready to battle to the death... If those feelings really are all gone. Surrounded by swarms of bloodthirsty vamps, Andrew must confront his immortal beloved in a blood-soaked battle he can't win.

JUSTICE LEAGUE DARK #2 (CBR format 10/26/2011)

Madame Xanadu continues guiding the world's darkest heroes in their struggle against evil. But will John Constantine, Zatanna, Shade the Changing Man and the others be able to join forces in time to defeat the dangerous Enchantress before she destroys the world as we know it?

LEGION: SECRET ORIGIN #1 (OF 6)  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

The architect of today's Legion of Super-Heroes, Paul Levitz, delivers a science fiction odyssey on a scale you've never seen in a new, 6-issue miniseries! 

The broad strokes of the Legion's origin are well known, but you've never seen the secret machinations that went on behind the scenes! Why was the organization known as the United Planets formed? Who tried to kill R.J. Brande the first time? And what great power could leave entire planets desolate and lifeless? Cosmic Boy, Saturn Girl and Lightning Lad may have founded the Legion, but the story starts here!

THE SAVAGE HAWKMAN #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

When the alien creature known as Morphicius starts draining the life force from Carter Hall, a.k.a. Hawkman, he learns that there's more to his new victim than meets the eye. The mysterious properties of the Nth Metal protect Hawkman – but in the process, they are also making Morphicius powerful! With innocent lives in the balance, can Hawkman turn the table on his enemy, or are Morphicius newfound powers too powerful to stop?

SUPERMAN #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

The all-new adventures of Superman continue! Everyone can see the new villain who's attacking Superman – except The Man of Steel! How can he stop a threat that none of his super-senses can detect? Meanwhile, a Daily Planet reporter starts digging up some dirt on Superman, including a secret that could ruin him forever!

TEEN TITANS #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

A strange creature haunts the streets of Los Angeles... and because of this creature's age, both Red Robin and N.O.W.H.E.R.E. are racing to find her – but neither side is prepared for the horror known as Bugg!

Meanwhile, Superboy is on a collision course with the team, and Kid Flash plots his escape from N.O.W.H.E.R.E. with the most unexpected of allies!

VOODOO #2  (CBR format 10/26/2011)

Is she a hero? Is she a villain? Voodoo is on the run in the new DC Universe, trying to stay one step ahead of her pursuers, using all of her considerable skills to complete a mission that will put the entire Earth in danger. DC's sexy, edgy new series goes into overdrive with one of the most unexpected opening scenes ever!