As I have said in her before, before returning. I have to leave this alone for awhile. It may well be that they will continue to ignore this in the shear scope of who refuses to respond.
And in that with the limited resources that I have there nothing I can do about this. I have made it public. That is all I can do. As I said in another forum recently that perhaps I need to remember my place.

And in that statement I make myself noxious thinking that that is the reality in this world. The rich, the powerful, and connected seem to protect themselves despite the morality of doing so.

What I am saying is true. To protect these people with out even considering the potential for what they have done to children over the years makes it difficult for me each day to focus off these things. This is not want I wanted the world to be. It is not what I was taught as a child and in these last few weeks I wanted so much to prove to myself that I was wrong. But I am not and that makes it more painful to live with every morning than the terror I went through as a child.

If once in twenty years. If once someone one would have responded that it would be at least looked into. At least looked into. Instead I walked in on my father. Instead DHS told me repeatedly that they had insufficient information. If just once.

And I have to focus off these things, at least for awhile because it just tears at me each moment.

I stopped seeing my family right before Christmas when my brother-in-law hit my nephew instead. And then just a few days later after learning my father\'s real diagnosis I found out that my sister had let her husband move back in again, time after time after time.

I love my nephews beyond anything. And desperately resent being forced to make this so public.

But at that point in realizing that it was each Christmas I\'d go in the hospital in the past in fear of hurting myself. It was each Christmas or Thanksgiving after seeing my brother. I realized I had to stay away from them for my health.


I suffer from something called compartmentalization which is a feature of trauma resulting DID. It is a though process disorder where a child develops ways to cope with emotions he just can not deal with directly.

I think of it in terms of the Socratic Method where Socrates would instruct his students to organize their philosophical arguments as dialog.

DID stands for Dissociative Identity Disorder. One form of it is Multiple Identity Disorder which I never used to believe in until I came to realize it involves abuse at such an early age in childhood development that they child has not developed a sense of self yet and the only sense he can make of his memories and existence, which have become kind of segments of memories caused by the trauma instead of the whole memories. Is an understanding of himself that he can only express or conceptualize in ways which are still beyond me.

Although my abuse started at a very early age. That did not happen to me. But I do compartmentalize my emotions into conversations which is something more than just talking with myself.

And in Ted specifically I think he not only understood that, but he enjoyed the idea that in what he was doing was the potential of hurting me not only at the moment but in the future as well. That is why it has always been Ted I have tried to get attention to.

I am smart.I understand these things well. I have taught myself machine code and C++ IIS ASPI on my own from reading and taking classes apart to figure them out. And I understand myself as best I can.

But the point I am trying to get to. There are two types of DID that come more common with PTSD, most people with DID have either compartmentalization or Detachment. People with PTSD have both.

And it is the Detachment which to me looks like being immersed in a garish yellow Van Gogh painting 24/7 which I have lived in ever since I slipped away when my brother brought me to Eddie.

After isolating myself from my family the compartmentalization processes I go through subsided.

But in dealing with these things here I am dealing internally with those emotions again over and over and for my health I have to move on as I had to move on from my family.

I express these things with reservation. I am trying to explain myself well and my perceptions of what this has done to me. I have shown people in here the details of what was done. In this I just wanted to wrap things up with what happens someone gets hurt as bad as I was.

It is endless and I see it in my friends daily who sometimes have to get the courage just to walk down to the end of a hall.

It is endless and brutal and cruel. And sometime I feel like I am just being warehoused. To go on endless in this pain.

But above all else I should never of had to deal with this here in fear of retaliation against all those fears that still scream inside me. I never should have. People should have listened.

Over 150 people have down loaded this from me today, in just one day for some reason, and yet still I am one of the only seeders.

I am going to try and stop coming back to this. Some times it is like a knee jerk reaction to something that happens in the day that spawns that horrid fear that I have to save someone, drilled into me from not being able to save Eddie.

This hopefully will be my last post in here for awhile at least. I will remain on my blog in mostly stories and poems now and my music. And I am going to get back to Brian Greene\'s Elegant Universe..and the other one he has.

Forgive me if I return. I will try not to. This is out there now and TPB has kept it this long maybe it will survive as comments for sometime at least. 

Please visit my blog. My writing is not great but I like seeing people visit. It makes me feel better about the world.


And I hope in this people will see the need to circumvent the Media which is only serving their own interests. Once CNN and the Networks (CBS and such) reported AND investigated news. But shortly after Clinton\'s affair they started focusing in the need of filling 24 hours on using just pundits to discuss politics.

That is not the news. It is cheaper to just have a bunch of influential people sit around and pontiffy than investigate and report real issues. But it isn\'t news, and too often not only the pundits but the stations themselves are trying to sell something which benefits mostly just them, an opinion that benefits the company\'s and individuals that own them.

And I hope in this example here of what does happen when the media and the politicians and the government agencies and media don\'t look after the public welfare - that there needs to be another way to get out the news. And I think soon that CNN, MSNBC, Fox and others are going to make themselves irrelevant in the form of Social Networking, Blogs, and things down the road, where people will find other sources and outlets beyond the self interest of main stream media.

In this torrent is the only picture I hope ever becomes available of me. I am sitting at about five or six on my father\'s Lincoln.

I hope they leave me alone in this and not retaliate, I have had my life filled with enough pain and the voice of my mother screaming at me when I was seven that she would put me away if I ever told, somewhere bad where I\'d be hurt, those voices resonate when I write in here.

But if they could cover up so very much...they could in reality do much worse...it happened 35 years ago and I saw the reality of it...and that nawes at me at times.


But if anything does happen I simply would not have and would not want to live in a world that dark..

I\'m hoping for at least thirty years to catch up on things and discover just how good I can get on the piano and guitar...the saxophone will stun the hell out of me if I can play when I finally pick it up.


I had 150 dl today. Maybe I should have posted in the Porn forum to begin with. But I had 10 today.
Thank you so much.


If you get a chance check out the Blog. I said in the past listen to these words, and then listen to the music and feel the contrast. There is so much I need to get back to.

wintersbutterfly blogspot

November trees, solitary and promised,
And the brittle leafs in winter\'s wind like winter\'s butterfly\'s





