Vin DiCarlo’s Pandora’s Box System Review

I remember, back in high school, I used to fantasize about hiding a tape recorder in the girl’s locker room so that I can hear what they talk about, and in the process, learn exactly what they want.

As I was reading through all of the material in Vin DiCarlo’s Pandora’s Box program, I began to have the giddy feeling I used to get as a kid thinking about the tape recorder trick.

As I continued through the program, that giddy feeling went away, and my heart began to sink.

Why?  Because I began to think back to all of the girls throughout my life that I completely messed up with, simply because I handled them the exact WRONG way.  As Vin teaches the dynamics of how to deal with different “types” of girls, it became clear where I messed up with specific girls.  And how I could have easily gotten them if I had just tweaked a bit to their particular “type.”

Now I first heard of the program when I took the Personality Quiz. As Vin builds his case for these personality ‘types’ you’re going to quickly realize just how accurate his assumptions are.  And if you’ve had any girls in the past that you just couldn’t figure out what went wrong… this will probably clear it up for you.

But, more importantly, it will help make sure you don’t make the same mistake again.   Damn though, if going through this program didn’t make me wish I had one of those Uncle Rico time machines to travel back a few years….

Pandora’s Box is sort of fascinating… and is one of those programs that is going to take control of your mind for a few weeks while you’re learning it.  You’ll find yourself “type casting” all the girls you meet, and slyly strategizing your game plan.  Just give his one minute mind reading a shot.  You’ll quickly see how effective this stuff is.

I’ll admit.  It’s damn fun.

I’ve gone out and put this stuff into use (the whole point right) and have seen some incredible results from it.  Let’s just say my cold reading skills have gone through the roof.

But what its even better for, is learning how to “play” a girl.  I think one of the biggest problems is keeping a woman’s interest after the initial meeting…  Pandora’s Box system helps you strategize the entire seduction down to the tee.

Here’s is some of the things you’re going to learn:

1.   The 8 Personality types based on his research (You’ll quickly be able to place pretty much any girl you know into one of these “types”

2.  How these different “types” are likely to act in different situations.

3.  The different ways you need to proceed when dealing with these different types.  He covers:

a)      How to approach the different types

b)      The types of flirting that each type responds best to

c)       How to escalate with each type (this was really informative cuz girls respond SO differently to escalation.

d)      How to create a “deeper” connection with each type

e)      How to read her body language (again very interesting and really helps you judge her interest level)

f)       What type of sex she responds best to  (this was probably the most shocking, because its completely different then you might have expected.

There is so much more to Pandora’s Box than I can cover in this short review.  And to be honest, I am going through it several more times, and picking up the little details and tricks to figuring women out.

IF you don’t already own Pandora’s Box system, I would get a copy of the program. 