FTV Girls - Leanne & Marlena - Stirring Up Trouble
			
Marlena's Comments: Hi guys, its been like what, 8 months since I last visited FTV?  Somehow I knew the photographer would be there with his videocamera taping us on arrival from the airport.  We didn't have any makeup on or anything, so you are seeing us 'fresh'!  We also got up very early in the morning to make it here at 10am.  Looks like the photographer is proud of his new paintjob on his FTV car, we ended up shooting photos on it too.  He's got a lot sexier car he doesn't seem to use as often though, I saw it in the garage.  I've got longer and darker hair now, do you like?
Once we got started shooting we got ourselves right into trouble -- I wanted to get a strap-on toy to use on Leanne but when we went to the adult toy store, they kicked us out because we didn't have our Id's on us.   Never heard of that problem before!  So we didn't end up getting it.  The lady was pissed that he was videotaping in there.  I guess that is a taboo thing there also.  You'd think they'd be less anal at an adult toy store.  Then we got into more trouble with some resident across the street we were shooting at, she got really mad and we left.  We were really hungry, and we went to a fast food place.  The best part about that scene was how I got to kiss Alison on the tongue because she supposedly never kissed a girl on the tongue before.  I'm happy I 'de-virginized' her at least orally.  I loved her boobs too, they're firm and I so wanted to play with her.  Well at least I sucked on her boobs, and she has a good way with her mouth, sucking on my nipple.  The main course is Leanne, and I went straight for her pussy, licked and fingered it to see how she receives me, and how much she'll enjoy getting oral sex from me.  After she went down on me, I wanted to spice things up a bit for the video, and I dragged her outside when a UPS guy happened to be walking right towards us, and was pretty shocked I bet.  Leanne brought me to orgasm first with a toy, some oral and fingers and I gave it back to her, which was so easy to do.  Put a vibrator on her clit and she's off to orgasm in 2 minutes.   My orgasm though, it was a really good one, maybe because we dragged it out with so much foreplay!
Leanne's Comments: Welcome me back!  Didn't expect me to end up with my friend Marlena did you?  I can't believe the photographer videotaped me biting my nails!  I've known Marlena since 2005 and she's a really fun girl.  She is die-hard lesbian or at least more lesbian than hetero I'd have to say.  I prefer guys over girls, but I think Marlena is hot, and kind of has the Angelina Jolie look.  We both got to wear things didn't start out the way the photographer hoped I guess, because we didn't get to shoot video at the toy store and even get the toy we wanted and the place we randomly chose to take pics an angry lady came out and started screaming at us.   It was much more fun playing around with each other at the sandwich restaurant but I think Alison doesn't like me the way she did Marlena because she would kiss her on the lips, when I got my chance she felt reluctant to kiss me.  Me and Marlena have played a lot off camera before so it was great to do it together this time.  The guy sitting next to us had no clue what we were doing right behind him.  We found a spot that people didn't disturb us even though it was right on the street and a parking lot that was quite busy, we even took our panties and skirts off so we were butt naked!  Marlena has very nice skin, and a very cute butt, so I like kissing her down there and going down on her.  Last time I did that she wasn't exactly sober, so it was different this time especially on camera.  She did it to me first and even though I'm 'new' I'd say I'm equally good at giving her oral sex.  I mean look at her orgasm, it was so wet and she told me after it was one of her best experiences she's ever had.  My orgasm was good too but it was more about the toys than the oral for me.   Oh yeah, and you should've seen the UPS guys' face, he probably has a story to tell to all his coworkers.  He probably had the most unique delivery experience of his life.

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_615_Leanne_Marlena_Stirring_.jpg

File Size ------- 430mb
Length ---------- 56:53
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Made possible by your donations.