Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
Me, Myself & Irene




Label: Elektra
Released: 2000
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 396 MB
Format: FLAC





The soundtrack to rubber-faced comedian Jim Carrey's black comedy ME, MYSELF & IRENE is as schizophrenic as his character; it doesn't know whether to be a modern rock collection or a Steely Dan tribute album. Eight of the 15 tracks are Fagan/Brecker compositions interpreted by some of pop music's front line.

The Foo Fighters open the set with their trademark uplifting aggro-pop while Smashmouth sets a quirky tone with its So-Cal "Walking on the Sun"-ified version of "Do it Again." Third Eye Blind's latest power ballad makes a soundtrack guest appearance with "Deep Inside of You." The Offspring submit a faithful rendition of A.F.I.'s "Totalimmortal," while Ellis Paul offers the radio-ready "The World Ain't Slowin' Down." Wilco has the perfect Fender Rhodes-spiced touch on "Any Major Dude Will Tell You," and Ivy injects technology into "Only a Fool Would Say That." Hootie & The Blowfish sport big harmonies on "Can't Find the Time to Tell You," and the brass powerhouse and hollow-body guitar sound of the Brian Setzer Orchestra puts an interesting spin on "Bodhisattva." Pop rockers Marvelous 3 add a hard rock edge to the classic "Reelin' in the Years," while Ben Folds Five make "Barrytown" their own.

Needless to say, this mini-tribute album often fails to improve on the indelible originals, mostly because the singers fail to keep one eyebrow raised as Dan frontman Donald Fagen did so perfectly. Still, Wilco leader Jeff Tweedy's hoarseness and Ivy chanteuse Dominique Durand's sweet bite complement the sentiments of "Any Major Dude Will Tell You" and "Only a Fool Would Say That," respectively, while power-poppers Marvelous 3 have the right idea in cranking their amps for "Reelin' in the Years."




Track Listing & Personnel

01. Breakout - Foo Fighters
02. Do It Again - Smash Mouth
03. Deep Inside Of You - Third Eye Blind
04. Totalimmortal - The Offspring
05. The World Ain't Slowing Down - Ellis Paul 
06. Any Major Dude Will Tell You – Wilco
07. Only A Fool Would Say That - Ivy
08. Can't Find The Time To Tell You - Hootie & The Blowfish
09. Bodhisattva - Brian Setzer Orchestra
10. Bad Sneakers - The Push Stars
11. Reelin' In The Years - Marvelous 3
12. Strange Condition - Peter Yorn
13. Barrytown – Ben Folds Five
14. Razor Boy - Billy Goodrum
15. Where He Can Hide - Tom Wolfe
