Bookmark and Share 	Summary:

The third time's the, for want of a better word, charm for South Park on DVD. Instead of mere episode intros as on the first two boxed sets, Trey Parker and Matt Stone finally oblige us with actual episode commentary, or, as they call it, "commentary-mini." On this optional audio track, Trey and Matt goof for about five minutes or so at the top of each episode, certifying some as favorites ("Tweek vs. Craig," "Jewbilee," and "Worldwide Recorder Concert," which is described as "a reverse after-school special from hell"), championing others popularly dismissed by South Park's otherwise loyal fans ("Jakovasaurs," "Sexual Harassment Panda"), and provocatively dismissing all of season 2.

The third season was frantically produced simultaneously with the feature film, South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut. This was the season, Trey proclaims, "where South Park turned the corner... and became good (as far as we were concerned)." Among their most inspired conceits is the so-called "Meteor Shower Party" trilogy, three episodes that unfold over the course of one night, each focusing on a different kid. "Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery" pays homage to Hanna-Barbera-style animation and Scooby-Doo, recasting Korn as the Mystery Inc gang. "Rainforest Shmainforest," featuring a game Jennifer Aniston, cuts rainforest crusaders down to size. "Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics" takes its irreverent cue from the album of the same name, and contains an outrageously obscure reference to the 1978 made-for-TV Star Wars Holiday Special. Throughout the season, South Park is, as usual, a gleeful equal-opportunity offender, but the show's true gonzo spirit is truly illustrated in such surreal touches as the employment of live action in "Tweek vs. Craig," the singing of "The Morning After" backwards to save Chef from the spell of "The Succubus," and the Seinfeld-worthy argument over whether the term should be "pirate ghosts" or "ghost pirates" in "Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery." --Donald Liebenson

Audio For All Episodes:

Encoded - Variable Bit Rate(VBR)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 111kb/s
Language - English

Video For All Episodes

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Encoder - XViD
Codec - XviD ISO MPEG-4
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 979kb/s
Frames per Second - 23.976
Resolution - 512x384

Episode Index:

"Rainforest Shmainforest"
Original Air Date: 04-07-1999
Guest Star - Jennifer Aniston as Mrs. Stevens
The boys accompany a teacher and her singing-and-dancing group to Central America to raise awareness of the rain forest. Also: Kenny falls for a choir member; and Kyle has trouble mastering the choreography.

"Spontaneous Combustion"
Original Air Date: 04-14-1999
Residents start to spontaneously combust, prompting Stan's geologist father to investigate.

"The Succubus"
Original Air Date: 04-21-1999
Chef gets a visit from his mother when the boys feel his bride-to-be has taken their place in his heart.

"Tweek Vs. Craig"
Original Air Date: 06-23-1999
The boys take a shop class taught by an eccentric, and urge a schoolyard fight between classmates Tweek and Craig.

"Jackovasaurus"
Original Air Date: 06-16-1999
The boys discover two nearly extinct animals while camping on the banks of Stark's Pond.

"Sexual Harassment Panda"
Original Air Date: 07-07-1999
Cartman sues Stan for sexual harrassment.

"Cat Orgy"
Original Air Date: 07-14-1999
Shelly baby-sits Cartman.

"Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub"
Original Air Date: 07-21-1999
A meteor shower hits town, and Stan's sister Shelly babysits Cartman while Mrs. Cartman goes to a "meteor party."

"Jewbilee"
Original Air Date: 07-28-1999
Kyle and Ike go on a camping trip while South Park residents wait for a meteor shower to begin.

"Chinpokomon"
Original Air Date: 11-03-1999
Adults try to counter when the town's children become obsessed with a fad from Japan, whose government reveals their master plan behind the craze.

"Starvin’ Marvin in Space"
Original Air Date: 11-17-1999
Starvin Marvin returns in a stolen U.S. spaceship, and enlists the boys to help feed his Ethiopian village. The CIA is among their pursuers.

"Korn’s Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery"
Original Air Date: 10-27-1999
Guest Star - Korn as Themselves
On Halloween, the boys are plagued by fifth graders and the town is overrun by pirate ghosts. Music group Korn assists, and sings "Falling Away from Me."

"Hooked on Monkey Phonics"
Original Air Date: 11-10-1999
Kyle tries to teach his new rival about love; the boys compete against home-schooled kids in the annual spelling bee; and Cartman's mom agrees to teach him at home.

"The Red Badge of Gayness (war)"
Original Air Date: 11-24-1999
The town holds its annual reenactment of a Civil War battle, and Cartman suits up for the Confederacy with visions of glory.

"Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"
Original Air Date: 12-1-1999
Mr. Hankey and South Park citizens celebrate the holidays with musical numbers from his Christmas Classics Album.

"Are You There, God? It's Me, Jesus"
Original Air Date: 12-29-1999
"Are You There, God? It's Me, Jesus" purports to answer age old questions about who we are and what we're all about.

"The Brown Noise" Original Air Date: 1-12-2000
The boys and their class travel to the first "Worldwide Recorder Concert" in Arkansas, where Mr. Garrison confronts the demons of his childhood while visiting his parents. 

Other Information:


I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!