Almeza MultiSet Professional 7.8.8 Multilanguage Portable

Almeza MultiSet - Leader in Unattended Installation of Windows and Software! Want to create a WindowsXP installation disk that will automatically install the OS Windows without asking questions about username, product key, time and locale settings? At the same time your favorite applications are automatically installed, the necessary keys are entered into the registry, drivers are updated, new patches (service packs) from Microsoft are installed. It's possible and you can do it easily with Almeza MultiSet! Almeza MultiSet will automatically install all the applications you require, either onto your original computer or onto a new one. It's an ideal solution for rebuilding your systems quickly!

Create a bootable automatic installation CD! You can use MultiSet software to create a universal disk for automatic installing software onto a computer using any media (CD/DVD/Flash/Hard Drive). Automatic Installation Anywhere!

Now you can install the programs in any location and as many times as you want - just insert the disk into the CDROM, DVDROM or FlashDrive, and MultiSet will undertake the complete installation procedure for you!!!

Do you want to automate installation of programs but have no time to learn how to write the necessary scripts? Do you prefer simple and convenient solutions? Do you want to see the results immediately? This is just the answer you have been looking for!

Almeza MultiSet features:
1) Automatic Windows installation. It is possible to create a CD/DVD for the automatic installation of the Windows operating system on any computer. The operating system can be installed in any mode: repairing Windows (installing above the current version of the operating system) or reinstalling it completely.
2) Automatic installation of any software. It is possible to create a CD/DVD that will automatically install any sets of software on multiple computers. For example, after Windows is installed, it is possible to install servi
3) Creating a bootable disk for simultaneous unattended Windows and software installation. It is possible to create a disk that will install both Windows and a set of software.
4) Automatically restoring software settings and tuning Windows. It is possible to automatically restore software and Windows settings. It is possible to restore registry keys, run special tools.
5) Remote automatic installation. It is possible to automatically install sets of software via the local area network. The necessary software will be automatically installed on any number of computers connected to the local area network.

Home Page - http://www.almeza.com/

