Artist: Sir Robert Charles Griggs
Title: The Legend Of 
Genre: Mix Psych Country,Moog Effects
Origin: US

Tracklist:

1. Fabulous Body and Smile - 3.36 min
2. West Coast Billy - 1.44 min
3. Cricket Conversation Interlude - 0.10 min
4. Singing for the Lord - 2.37 min
5. Moogie Woogie - 0.07 min
6. Sing My Old Songs to Somebody New - 1.36 min
7. Vhi-Vhamp-Thieu - 2.41 min
8. A Sideman Talks to God - 5.01 min
9. Keep It Country - 2.30 min
10. Birds - 0.10 min
11. In L.A. - 3.32 min
12. Heartbeats and Death Gasp - 0.15 min
13. Country Soul - 4.31 min
14. Freak-out Moog - 0.07 min
15. Uncle Ned - 1.38 min
16. Clint Texas - 4.29 min

The Legend of Sir Robert Charles Griggs is more a country album than anything else, and a delightfully bizarre one at that. With production from Gary S. Paxton and support from musicians like pedal steel guitarist Pete Drake and fiddler Doug Kershaw, it features a more traditional Nashville sound combined with psychedelic touches courtesy of a Moog synthesizer and sound effects. While some people might cringe at the very notion of the latter elements, I feel that they are used judiciously and enhance the performances instead of overwhelming them. Legend can best be appreciated as an artistic statement from a supremely talented sideman whose experiences with the music industry have left him disenchanted, to say the very least. Griggs wrote the impressive lyrics for every song and delivers them with a voice that at times recalls the singing of Gram Parsons or Willie Nelson. "Fabulous Body and Smile," "Keep It Country," and the poignant "Clint Texas" all sound like his observations on the record-making business and country music in general, while "West Coast Billy," "Sing My Old Songs to Somebody New," "A Sideman Talks to God," and "Country Soul" come off as eloquent autobiographical pieces. My favorite cut, "Singing for the Lord" is the LPs hardest-rocking moment and seems to mock those who inordinately profit from performing religious material. "Vhi-Vhamp-Thieu," "In L.A.," and "Uncle Ned" respectively comment on the early 1970s conflicts in Vietnam and Cambodia, Griggs's experiences in southern California, and the drug culture of the time. "Cricket Conversation Interlude," "Moogie Woogie," "Birds," "Heartbeats and Death Gasp," and "Freak-out Moog" are brief electronic pieces that serve as bridges in between some of the longer performances. 

