Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                              
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                              
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                                              
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                              
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1wk9mee6uqadwfyfea3tai8x72   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?n7mtybckos3bw2r6bwjvoqcgd0w8 face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kqp8wbumbda4flzhb4s7nmvdzar  face and breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2bzuwu0v9yurq2u9scwj24q63xz2 sitting, legs spread 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bnxlxvn3isvyu138ysfs1hhif7e1 vagina  
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cc82lhx6dpotmcy17zktlp3q6ecn ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?k1x77oabg9yb1cquz3tijv5hqxau vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?jcwuscm8gtvz71ul2nnpvhtdmu3k vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ei0s54dty433yowg1utz5htggr01 vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6zag1xop6xo619j7guwbchtfr20  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: So, you want me to tell you about myself... Well, I guess I should just start at the very beginning with my first kiss. It wasn't the whole fairytale version of the story, that every girl wishes it was. It was a dare. You see, we were very naughty kids and me and my friends liked to play truth or dare- a lot. It was probably the game we played most.  Everything was going on as usual- little kid stuff- and my friend was looking though her parent's things in their closet. She finds a kama sutra book and it was all downhill from there. Our "innocent" truth or dare turned x-rated, even though we didn't realize what we were doing. We would dare each other to do stupid things, like dance around naked while swinging our undies on our finger.
Eventually, one of my friends and I started to do these naughty things on our own time. We usually acted upon our fledgling sex drives in the shower after we were done swimming in my pool. We would 69 with each other before ever having seen anything like it- I don't know how we came up with it. We described the act to each other with our hands. This was all when I was in 4th grade- an early start, right?  A few years later, when I was in 6th grade, I found myself on a webcam chatroom and was tricked into playing with myself through the whole truth or dare thing. I believe that experience is what turned me into an exhibitionist, because now I LOVE playing on webcam or in front of the camera- I just like being watched.   Yada Yada... I was drinking tequila with my boyfriend one night and he fell asleep, but I kept drinking. So, I got really drunk- got horny- and decided to find some sort of naughty webchat site. I loved it and kept doing it, nightly, after that.   One time, when I was playing in the chatroom at my boyfriends house while he wasn't home, a person recorded my video feed. It ended up on some stupid clip site, and I didn't know. Well my boyfriend was the type to watch a lot of porn and he FOUND it! He was really mad at first and then, after a while, he decided he wanted to do it with me... Then someone offered us money... Then we wanted to become porn stars...  And here I am, working on my First Time Video.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Originally coming in from Florida (moving to LA) she sent me these application photos:  #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6.  The last photo showed me how nice her figure is, and those perfectly shaped breasts.  She does have tattoos around her belly though, and neither I or you guys really like tattoos like that -- so I had her cover them up before she arrived.  When I met her at the airport, she was wearing the blue outfit you see on outtake clip7.  To avoid rubbing the cover off, she had her pants so low, you could almost see her vagina.  The attention she was getting from people at the airport was intense, and I wish I had brought my camera to record it.  She does regret those tattoos she got at 15, and plans to have them removed.  We went out on location, with her sexy outfit to see her stripping down and show off her body.  She's got one of those truly flawless figures.  She masturbates with a vibrator, but never gets to a full orgasm, in my opinion her choice of vibrators wasn't strong enough (which I had predicted).  It ends up with her doing some anal play and double penetration (with up to 4 fingers!).  We get back home and she uses a dildo to enhance her masturbation, but its still hard for her to reach orgasm.  She does get off more from penetration than clitoral it seems.  It finally happens on the third try, and she does get juicy wet from it... and I move on to some extreme closeups of her very pretty and 'clean' looking private parts.  The Vibraking gives her a very different kind of orgasm than she's used to, but it does give some visible vaginal responses.  Losing her virginity at 14, she seems more orgasmic in a real sexual situation than in masturbation.  Notice her very tight and strong vaginal muscles, it must be an incredible feeling having sex with her.  I envy her boyfriend.  She's also pretty flexible, so she does some funky stretches, as well as licking her foot.


Model Comments: Earlier today, I was wondering how my shoot today would go. "Is the photographer going to be mean? Am I going to embarass myself? What is it going to be like?" I wasn't nervous or anything, I just didn't know what to expect. I'm glad I didn't worry about it too much, because the experience was amazing. Shooting the scenes was fun, because I love playing with myself on camera. The locations were beautiful. I loved the photographers "realness." AND, I got to eat an awesome fajita burrito with my titties hanging out. Basically, it was just great. I had a wonderful day.  I'm glad that I feel like I'm off to a good start, because I want to be a career (adult) model. I want to take this as far as it can possibly go. My whole plan is that I want to work in front of the camera for as long as humanly possible, build my name up as much as I can, and then start my own production company. I know I have a lot of huge gaps in my plan, but I will fill them in along the way. This may have been my first video, but it definitely won't be my last- get ready to see a whole lot more of me, because I'm not going anywhere. =]

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She has no fear of being naked in public, and quite proud of showing off her figure to anyone who sees it.  She does forget though that she's walking naked in one of the most conservative locations in the US.  We get the pleasure of watching her walk naked in heels on a street, her firm breasts bouncing in the car, running naked at a golf course (while golfers watch), and continue with spreads at a resort area with cars driving by.  If she had her way, she would probably shoot the whole thing naked.  Even on our restaurant break, there were people all around while she did her interview with her breast out.  I don't know how many people saw her naked, but what you see on video is only one viewing angle, there were people watching from all sides, including during the public breast massage part.  I wasn't a big fan of her french maid lingerie outfit, somehow it looked better when it came off -- at the arts center there I had her go naked and risk play in this very open, public place.  And we do get caught, by 3 men (lawyers I think) working there, but at least they were cool about it.  It would have been a completely different situation if one of them was a woman.   She then continues with stuffing a large white eggplant, which she tries penetrating as deep as possible.  By the way, yes, I do pick up the used eggplant and put it in the trash, I don't like to litter.  My favorite photo/video scene is next, with her in a sheer green dress, cute red heels, and a yellow summer squash.  The timing was right for pretty photos with the sunset and the reflective windows creating a nice gold fill-light reflector effect.  Notice her strong vaginal muscles again, as she can force the veggie out pretty far.  She ends up  shooting it into my head and squirting on my face leading to a very humorous moment that has her rolling around laughing.  Being a go-go dancer, it was time for a little dancing scene at home, and one final masturbation.  It was a rather long one where she really wanted to have a real orgasm, and longer than the 12 minutes you see (I cut out some of it) but it led to her strongest orgasm of the day and a surprise milky-cum squirting orgasm.  She surprised and satisfied herself, and it made for a cool finish.  She's one of my new favorites for sure, with a fun personality, easy to work with, perfect figure, and having her true first time experience on FTV.

DAJLkaAdP