Insanity Asylum 30-Days Sports Training Program
Wish you could fly, slam, shoot, and move like an elite pro athlete? Let the games 
begin with INSANITY: THE ASYLUM™ workout program. Former track-and-field star 
Shaun T will push you to dig deeper than ever with the first in-home sports-specific 
training program based on drills used by pro athletes. Commit to this 30-day program, 
and you'll get an unbeatable athletic edge.

Get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. Unleash your inner world-class athlete 
through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series 
of progressions. In just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day 
readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance.

Includes:
Speed & Agility - Get quick on your feet—fast, with this intense cardio workout. 
(Workout Length: 45 minutes)
Vertical Plyo - Jump higher than ever with this lower-body training routine. 
(Workout Length: 40 minutes)
Relief - Stretch out to build long, lean muscle and increase your flexibility. 
(Workout Length: 25 minutes)
Strength - Develop game-winning power by cross-training with weights and resistance. 
(Workout Length: 50 minutes)
Game Day - Put your new sports skills to the test with this cross-training workout. 
(Workout Length: 60 minutes)
Back to Core - Build the rock-solid core, glutes, and hamstrings you'll need to get the 
explosive strength of elite athletes. (Workout Length: 45 minutes)

Bonus:
Athletic Performance Assessment - Discover the improvements you've made in your 
fitness and skills with this performance measurement tool. (25 minutes)
Overtime - Add this 15-minute monster to any ASYLUM workout to see if you've 
still got game.

Documents include:
Workout Calendar - Check THE ASYLUM Calendar daily to cross-train like a professional athlete.
Guide Playbook - Map out your 30-day transformation with this smart step-by-step guide.
Nutrition Plan - Follow meals used by Shaun T and get ready for game day.

Notes: These are avi rips (720x404res) I got so it should be user friendly. Enjoy buffing up!!

REMEMBER HOW YOU GOT IT AND SEED!!!