Book Description
The comprehensive, hands-on guide for resolving IP routing problems

Understand and overcome common routing problems associated with BGP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, IS-IS, multicasting, and RIP, such as route installation, route advertisement, route redistribution, route summarization, route flap, and neighbor relationships
Solve complex IP routing problems through methodical, easy-to-follow flowcharts and step-by-step scenario instructions for troubleshooting
Obtain essential troubleshooting skills from detailed case studies by experienced Cisco TAC team members
Examine numerous protocol-specific debugging tricks that speed up problem resolution
Gain valuable insight into the minds of CCIE engineers as you prepare for the challenging CCIE exams
As the Internet continues to grow exponentially, the need for network engineers to build, maintain, and troubleshoot the growing number of component networks has also increased significantly. IP routing is at the core of Internet technology and expedient troubleshooting of IP routing failures is key to reducing network downtime and crucial for sustaining mission-critical applications carried over the Internet. Though troubleshooting skills are in great demand, few networking professionals possess the knowledge to identify and rectify networking problems quickly and efficiently. Troubleshooting IP Routing Protocols provides working solutions necessary for networking engineers who are pressured to acquire expert-level skills at a moment’s notice. This book also serves as an additional study aid for CCIE candidates.

Authored by Cisco Systems engineers in the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC) and the Internet Support Engineering Team who troubleshoot IP routing protocols on a daily basis, Troubleshooting IP Routing Protocols goes through a step-by-step process to solving real-world problems. Based on the authors’ combined years of experience, this complete reference alternates between chapters that cover the key aspects of a given routing protocol and chapters that concentrate on the troubleshooting steps an engineer would take to resolve the most common routing problems related to a variety of routing protocols. The book provides extensive, practical coverage of BGP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, IS-IS, multicasting, and RIP as run on Cisco IOS Software network devices.

Troubleshooting IP Routing Protocols offers you a full understanding of invaluable troubleshooting techniques that help keep your network operating at peak performance. Whether you are looking to hone your support skills or to prepare for the challenging CCIE exams, this essential reference shows you how to isolate and resolve common network failures and to sustain optimal network operation.

This book is part of the Cisco CCIE Professional Development Series, which offers expert-level instruction on network design, deployment, and support methodologies to help networking professionals manage complex networks and prepare for CCIE exams.

Book Details
Hardcover: 912 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press (May 2002)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587050196
ISBN-13: 978-1587050190