  Viva Pinata (2007 PCDVD ENG RUS MULTI2 ISO FULL RePack)   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Viva Pinata (2007/PCDVD/ENG/RUS/MULTI2/ISO/FULL/RePack)

 
Year: 2007 | PC Game | Eng Rus | 
Developer: Rare | 
Publisher: Microsoft |
Genres: Strategy (Manage / Busin. / Real-time) / 3D | 
File Size : 3.8 Gb 

Viva Pinata - a true "child of color." This intimate world they live in lovely, stylish, patterned creatures. Those same pinata with candy inside, an indispensable attribute of Mexican celebrations. Only now they were alive.

Pinatas live in a bright, colorful garden. True, this is paradise, we must create. At the beginning of the path before us - only a gray area, scored all sorts of rubbish. The main task - to clear with a shovel earth, planted with grass and remove debris. Then prilezet first worm (the camera effectively shows how he comes out of the shelter and move to our clearing). Initially, pinata monochrome, but after her desires it blooms in colors. Needs in a variety of creatures - depending on the "complexity" of the substance and the place which it occupies in the food chain. Worm need green grass, and a parrot - a worm. There are so always - the fittest survive. A loser just crumbles into candy, that joyful killer eats. In terms of adaptation to the death of Viva Pinata harden any child abruptly than any characteristic kinoskazka like "Bridge to Terabithia."

build your garden (put cages, all kinds of little things fine), breeding pinata to lure new ones, keep the old ones. To pupils were happy to fulfill their whims: eat someone to have a house (this is necessary for each Milyaga). However, not all of this we have to do yourself - over time will settle next to the garden helpers. One of them spreads the seeds and watering the flowers (although we will also wield a lot of watering), and another builds houses, a third in the store you can buy everything, everything, everything(decorations, sweets, fruits) and sell the same from his garden. Ward and can be exchanged for coins: the pinata more complicated - and more money to give. And oh how they need - to pay most of the assistants to make purchases in stores that make the garden better and attract new pinyatok (a total of about sixty). Even pets need to grow, and at the same time they have sex. Perform lyubovnichkov desire, we pass a simple mini-game, under the burning pinyatki rhythms and masterful dancing joyfully, and brought us a baby "like a stork." And no woo-hoo.

Features:
Amazing and funny arcade game with strategy elements

detail-developed characters

Simple and addictive gameplay

Juicy and beautiful graphics

Multiple levels and options for passing


System Requirements:

Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP / Vista / 7 32bit (not tested on 64bit)

Processor: Intel Pentium IV processor with a clock speed of 2.6 GHz or equivalent AMD

Memory: 1 GB (2 GB for Microsoft Windows Vista / Se7eN)

Video: 256 MB VRAM, NVIDIA GeForce 5900 class, ATI Radeon 9600 DirectX 9 compatible

Sound Card: Sound device compatible with DirectX 9.0

Free space on hard drive: 8Gb


MOUNT ISO

CLICK SETUP AND INSTALL

CLICK ENGLISH TICK BOX DURING INSTALL


viva pinata trailer:
