This is a snapshot of Al Jarreau a few years after achieving pop stardom, caught live before a large crowd at London's Wembley Arena. In contrast with the lean, dynamically subtle backup band on the earlier live Look to the Rainbow, here Jarreau arms himself with a flashy, heavily electronic R&B/funk band with horns, and subtlety often goes out the window in favor of high-energy showmanship. Unlike his studio albums from this period, though, this concert allows him a little bit of room to display glimpses of his famous vocal acrobatics. The set starts with a burst of high-tech pizzazz on "Raging Waters" and "Black and Blues" and ultimately settles into a partying groove with "Roof Garden" and "We're In This Love Together." Though the concert makes for a pleasurable listen in the home, Warner could not capture the intimate connection that the live Jarreau made with his audiences in any of his periods, so one feels a bit removed from the action. The video version of the concert, by the way, contains a few songs that were not available on the audio release. ~ Richard S. Ginell

Deluxe Edition:
Al Jarreau's historic 1984 Wembley Arena show was one for the history books indeed. This stunning concert was captured on tape by famed producer Tommy LiPluma & features a bulk of treasures from Al's early 80's input from the Breaking Away, Jarreau and High Crime l.p's. For this special release, Al went back to the vaults & discovered 4 additional tracks not released on the original LP, as well sharing his personal reflections of this historic gig in the newly penned liner notes + 5 star remastering by Joe Reagoso from the original Warner Bros. tapes, this will be a much in demand cd for 2010


Recorded at Wembley Arena, London, England in November 1984.

Personnel: James Studer (vocals, keyboards); Michael Paulo (flute, saxophone); Michael "Patches" Stewart (trumpet, flugelhorn); Robbie Buchanan (synthesizer); Malando Gassana (percussion).

Audio Mixer: Bill Schnee.

Liner Note Author: Joe Reagoso.

Recording information: Bill Schnee Studio (11/1984); Wembley Arena, London, England (11/1984).

Photographer: Kevin Stapleton.

Personnel: Al Jarreau (vocals); Steve George, Richard Page (vocals); Charles "Icarus" Johnson (vocals, guitar); Michael Paulo (flute, saxophone); Michael "Patches" Stewart (trumpet, flugelhorn); Jerry Hey (trumpet); Bobby Lyle, James Studer (keyboards, background vocals); Robbie Buchanan (synthesizer, bass); Larry Williams (synthesizer); Nathan East (bass, background vocals); Malando Gassama (percussion);Michael Casey Young (programming).

Tracklist:
01. Raging Waters
02. Trouble In Paradise (Bonus Track)
03. Black And Blues
04. I Will Be Here For You
05. Let's Pretend
06. Our Love (Bonus Track)
07. Take Five (Bonus Track)
08. High Crime
09. Boogie Down (Bonus Track)
10. Roof Garden
11. Teach Me Tonight 