 http://bayimg.com/bAIjiAAdG

The Big Easy (1986) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092654/

The Big Easy (1987) is an American neo-noir crime film directed by Jim McBride and written by Daniel Petrie Jr. The executive producer of the motion picture was Mort Engelberg and the cinematographer was Affonso Beato. The film was later adapted for a television series for two seasons on the USA Network (1996–1997).

The film stars Dennis Quaid, Ellen Barkin, John Goodman, and Ned Beatty. It tells the story of how New Orleans police lieutenant Remy McSwain (Quaid) and Louisiana district attorney Anne Osborne (Barkin) investigate mob violence and possible police corruption, and in the process learn to deal with their very different personalities.

 Dennis Quaid ...  Det. Remy McSwain 
 Ellen Barkin ...  Anne Osborne 
 Ned Beatty ...  Jack Kellom 
 John Goodman ...  Det. Andre DeSoto 
 Lisa Jane Persky ...  McCabe 
 Ebbe Roe Smith ...  Ed Dodge 
 Tom O'Brien ...  Bobby McSwain 
 Charles Ludlam ...  Lamar Parmentel 
 Grace Zabriskie ...  Mama 
 Marc Lawrence ...  Vinnie 'The Cannon' DiMotti 
 Solomon Burke ...  Daddy Mention 
 Gailard Sartain ...  Chef Paul 
 Jim Chimento ...  Freddie Angelo 
 Edward St. Pe ...  Patrolman 
 Robert Lesser ...  'Silky' Foster 

The action takes place in New Orleans, Louisiana and was shot on location.

Filming took 50 days and the lead actors rehearsed three weeks prior to the start of principal photography.

The original title of the script was "Windy City", and was set in Chicago.

Well known New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison makes a cameo appearance as a judge. Garrison became known for his Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories, and his own investigation into JFK's murder from New Orleans in the 1960s.

The city of New Orleans and its atmospherics function as a protagonist in the film. This is evident from the beginning of the film: the opening is an aerial shot of the New Orleans bayou and the zydeco band Beausoleil plays "Zydeco Gris Gris" on the soundtrack (title sequence). The producers also used well known locations such as Tipitina's, Antoine's, Blaine Kern's warehouse full of Mardi Gras parade floats, and a French Quarter strip joint, to flesh out the mood of the film.

At the time of filming The Big Easy, Tipitina's night club was temporarily closed because of financial problems. Location Manager Itsy Atkins secured the use of a renovated warehouse a few blocks away, where Dianna Chenevert's booking agency Omni Attractions was located (500 Valence Street - corner Tchopitoulas). This building previously housed the night club "Rosys" and the downstairs bar and stage where the filming took place was still intact.

The film inspired a television series of the same name. The show premiered on the USA Cable Network August 11, 1996. Tony Crane played McSwain and Susan Walters played Anne Osbourne. Daniel Petrie Jr. (who wrote the screenplay to this film) was the executive producer of the series; there were approximately 35 episodes broadcast over two seasons.

According to an article from TVshowsondvd.com, MPI Home Video will release the first season of the show on DVD on June 24, 2008.

Casting Society of America, USA 
1988  Nominated Artios Best Casting for Feature Film, Drama Lynn Stalmaster David Rubin 
 
Cognac Festival du Film Policier 
1987  Won Grand Prix Jim McBride  

Edgar Allan Poe Awards 
1988  Nominated Edgar Best Motion Picture Daniel Petrie Jr. 

Independent Spirit Awards 
1988  Won Independent Spirit Award Best Male Lead Dennis Quaid  
1988  Nominated Independent Spirit Award Best Director Jim McBride 
1988  Nominated Independent Spirit Award Best Feature Stephen J. Friedman 
 

Sant Jordi Awards 
1988  Won Sant Jordi Best Foreign Actress (Mejor Actriz Extranjera) Ellen Barkin Also for Desert Bloom (1986). 

Valladolid International Film Festival 
1987  Won Best Actor Dennis Quaid  
 
