Covers
------------     

 
http://desibbrg.net/imghost/show.php?img=408123_R.D.B.png.html


Check out my other 3000+ torrent releases


----------------------------------------------     

 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/brego45








Rahul Dev Burman's name is one to reckon with in not just Indian music circles, but the world over. He is responsible for giving Hindi cinema several genres of music and also for shaping the success of many other people who are today in the limelight.

Burman is also referred to as RD or better still as Pancham aka Pancham Da. Pancham in Bengali means fifth and it is said that his infantile wails sounded like the fifth note of the Indian octet (Pa or Pancham) and hence the name. Some other family sources say that the veteran film actor Ashok Kumar had named the boy Pancham because of his repeated use of the sound "Pa". Whatever be the historical origin of the name, it has become a permanent one in the annals of history.

RD was born to Sachin Dev Burman and Mira Burman on 27th June 1939. He spent some of his formative years in Kolkata but later moved to Mumbai. Music was in his genes and he was under the tutelage of his renowned father, but he also trained on the sitar under Ali Akbar Khan.

In 1958 Guru Dutt gave him the foray to enter the world of professional music with Raaz but the 19 year old RD needed more time to mature in order to reckon with music direction. He heeded this signal and he hit it off with Mehmood's Chhote Nawaab in 1961. Thereafter the genius didn't need to look back and he went on to make 331 films, 5 TV serials, 164 non film songs(134 Bengali, 30 Hindi) and his expertise spanned 5 languages.

However after the first few films he apprenticed his father with the latter's music direction which proved to be a great source of learning for RD. The film that earned RD enormous laurels was Nasir Hussain's Teesri Manzil and he was able to debunk the theory that RD was making full use of his father's abilities and name. "O haseena…" and "Ajaa ajaa…" spelt magic for the music goer and RD became a household name. Hit after hit followed and they brought home a series of awards. Some of his most fondly remembered films are 1942: A Love Story (1994), Ijaazat (1987), Saagar (1985), Sitamgar (1985), Betaab (1983), Love Story (1981), Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin (1977), Khushboo (1975), Aandhi (1975), Sholay (1975), Aap Ki Kasam (1974), Yaadon Ki Baaraat (1973), Mere Jeevan Saathi (1972), Jawani Diwani(1972), Parichay (1972), Apna Desh (1972), Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1972), Raampur Ka Lakshman (1972), Seeta Aur Geeta(1972), Amar Prem(1972), Mela(1971), Caravan (1971), Buddha Mil Gaya (1971), Kati Patang (1971), Pyaar Ka Mausam (1969), Padosan (1968).

Shelley had remarked that "Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thoughts" and RD Burman exemplifies this. His marriage to Rita Patel fell through within 5 years and he then married Asha Bhosle for whom he carved a special niche in the world of films. However there are mixed reviews of this marriage too and the irony of his life is that the man who is responsible for enormous turn-overs of various music companies and musical legends himself staggered under financial losses and passed away on 4th January 1994.




Pancham's Trivia :


R.D. Burman made his acting debut in Mehmood's 'Bhoot Bangla'. Later in 'Pyar Ka Mausam' too he gave a hilarious performance as Mr. Popat Lal.

Pancham introduced the twin track effect in 'Baharon Ke Sapne' which he later used to create the mesmerizing 'qatra qatra miltee hai' (Ijaazat) and a few more songs.

He also pioneered the use of electronic organ in Indian Films with the song 'O mere Sona re' (Teesri Manzil).

RD was, as Gulzar says, as good a craftsman as he was a musician. He picked the sounds for his songs from very indigenous sources.

In 'Chura liya' he used the sound of a spoon hitting a glass.

For the Kitaab song 'Master jee kee aa gayee chiTThee' he brought some desks from a classroom in the studio while recording and used them as percussion.

In Abdullah he used the sound of a bamboo whistle with a balloon tied to it for a song.

Once to get the sound of raindrops, he spent a whole rainy night in his house's balcony recording the sound he wanted.

In the song 'O Manjhi Re' from the movie 'Khushboo', R.D. Burman used bottles with water filled at different levels and created a hollow sound by blowing into them and this sound effect was used with the orchestra.

During the recording of 'Hum donoN do premee' (Ajnabee) the musicians were on strike. So he improvised the song with emptied-out musical interludes and just listen the song!

The mouth organ played in the song 'Hai Apna Dil To Awara' sung by Hemant Kumar in the film 'Solva Saal' is played by R.D. Burman himself.

R.D. Burman played the mouth organ for his friends Laxmikant-Pyarelal in a song in 'Dosti' and also in a movie for Kalyanji-Anandji.

Dada Burman used Pancham's tune 'ai meree topee palat ke aa' in 'Fantoosh'. Pancham was only 9 when he composed the tune.

Again next year, for Pyaasa, SD used his son's 'Sar Jo Tera Chakraaye', which became a big hit.

Both Lata and Bhupinder won a National award for the song 'Beeti Na Bitaayee Raina' from 'Parichay', and this song was composed in a hotel room in no time.

Aarti Mukherjee won a National award for the song 'Do Naina Ek Kahaani' from 'Masoom'.

Gulzar (best lyricist), Asha Bhosle (best female singer) won National awards for the song 'Mera Kuchh Samaan' from Ijaazat.

RDB was the first to introduce the Brazilian bossa nova rhythm in Hindi film music - the song was "Maar dalega dard-e-jigar", sung by Asha, in "Pati Patni". That rhythm has since been endlessly used for film music.

R.D. Burman won the Filmfare Award only 3 times (Sanam Teri Kasam, Masoom, 1942-A Love Story) while being nominated 16 times for the award.

Amit Kumar, Abhijeet & Shabbir Kumar were given their first breaks by Pancham.

Jatin of Jatin-Lalit used to be in Pancham's children's choir.