Nugus Martin Productions has accumulated probably the best collection of rare and unseen footage of World War II in the world. By using the very latest colorization techniques it is now possible to show the full story of World War II as it has never been fully seen before. With the very latest satellite delivered terrain mapping and state of the art graphics this story can now be told with the very latest access to information which was not previously available to other older series.

Conventional wisdom has recently changed as more and more secrets have been revealed particularly in the last five to ten years as documents, files and photographs have been released. Code breaking revelations, and newly released government papers on both sides of the Atlantic have added a very insightful new dimension to the understanding of this the worlds' greatest ever conflict. Narrated by English actor Robert Powell, WORLD WAR II IN HD COLOUR is a vivid, in-depth experience that provides viewers with new insights and information.

Also Known As: World War II in Colour and HD

Colourisation and Restoration : Westwing Studios Inc.
Executive Producer : Matthew Barrett

Nugus/Martin Productions (2009)



Episode 6 : The Mediterranean and North Africa
Mussolini's ambition had always been to recreate the old Roman empire. The trouble was, militarily, he was a disaster. After failed attacks in North Africa and Greece, his armies were on the run. Hitler, now faced a difficult choice. Did he divert troops needed at other fronts to support his ally, or did he let Mussolini fall ? Hitler chose to support him - a decision that would spell disaster for both of them. Hitler would lose hundreds of thousands of troops. Mussolini would be assassinated. This film tells the extraordinary story of the war in North Africa and features the heroics of the tiny island of Malta as it withstood wave after wave of Nazi assault. It ends with the Allies fighting their way up Italy and Germany in retreat.


Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2016 kbps
Video Resolution: 608x352
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.727:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 51:27.720
Number Of Parts: 13
Part Size: 855,058,432 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08