This album is their first, and one of their finest. This is a very different Red Hot Chili Peppers than their present day music, but every bit as good. Twenty years after its release, it holds up powerfully. 
If you have never heard "True Men Don't Kill Coyotes," you are missing one of the finest Hollywood/Southern California anthems ever written. Pop? Rap? Rock? I honestly think there is no way to properly classify this song, it's the perfect tune to announce the rival of the Chili Peppers, and pretty much personifies their offbeat charge into the music world. 

You can find the abovementioned song on one of their "Best Of" albums, but the rest of the songs on this CD are too good to pass off. The mightiest tracks are 1 through 6, with "Buckle Down" and the overdrive-paced "Get Up and Jump" stealing the show. The diversity of the songs on these first six tracks is impressive. 

The Chili Peppers were such a rush of fresh air when they hit the scene in 1984. I remember a plethora of heavy metal and new wave all over the airwaves & record stores; some good, lots bad. No new group, however, crashed the music scene that year quite like The Red Hot Chili Peppers. Pick up this CD and compare it to the playlists of the mid 1980s, and I bet the sheer contrast will show you what a cutting edge band The Red Hot Chili Peppers were when they hit the scene. 

Give this album a chance, and I think you will find that the Red Hot Chili Peppers didn't get better with time: they started out great, and since then have tinkered with their musical style, all the while keeping their unmistakable Funky spirits in full force. Yes, The Red Hots still have "Baby Appeal!" 

by K. Brown "El Rudo Lucky Pierre!"

TRACKLIST:

01 - True Men Don't Kill Coyotes.wma                             
02 - Baby Appeal.wma                                             
03 - Buckle Down.wma                                             
04 - Get Up And Jump.wma                                         
05 - Why Don't You Love Me.wma                                   
06 - Green Heaven.wma                                            
07 - Mommy Where's Daddy.wma                                     
08 - Out In L.a..wma                                             
09 - Police Helicopter.wma                                       
10 - You Always Sing The Same.wma                                
11 - Grand Pappy Du Plenty.wma                                   
12 - Get Up And Jump (Demo).wma                                  
13 - Police Helicopter (Demo).wma                                
14 - Out In L.a. (Demo).wma                                      
15 - Green Heaven (Demo).wma                                     
16 - What It Is (Aka Nina's Song) (Demo).wma    

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO