This may be the funniest dude alive!!!!

SLADE HAM - THREE LEGGED UNICORN

1. Half A Gremlin

2. A Generational Thing

3. Three-Legged Unicorn

4. Overtly American

5. Kalalalalalalala

6. Arkansas Cat

7. Okay 'Til Eleven

9. Enter the Psycho

10. Crazy Doesn't Bluff

11. Dragonslayer

12. Chased To the Church

13. The One That Got Away

---

Watching Slade Ham perform is somewhat akin to getting hit in the face with a really, really funny baseball bat.  He has spent the last decade carving a very noticeable niche for himself in the stand up comedy world.

Slade averages 200 shows a year in the United States and he’s performed in twenty-two different countries on four continents.  In 2006, Slade had the honor of headlining XM Radio’s Best of Texas two hour special, and his CD, Redemption, still remains one of XM Comedy’s most requested.  Redemption also features original music from Kevin Martin of Candlebox fame, and receives almost daily airplay on XM Channel 150. Slade toured with Christopher Titus and opened for the taping of the 5th Annual End of the World Tour at the 2007 South Beach Comedy Festival.  Slade directed in starred in the short film A Fist Full of Pills and it lost to Kevin Pollack at the Montreal Just for Laughs Comedy Festival.  He’s also a regular on The Bob & Tom Show.  You even saw him in ring at Wrestlemania XXV.

These are not, however, the things Slade is most proud of. 

Slade’s real passions lie on the road - traveling the world and collecting stories.  Of all of his accomplishments, Slade is most proud of getting to take his show to the United States military twice a year for the last decade.  He was telling jokes in Germany two weeks after 9/11, he’s hopped from base to base across Japan and Korea for the Air Force, and has been dropped off by Blackhawk helicopter to do spontaneous sets for soldiers in the Iraqi desert.

And despite all of that, that’s not what brings people out to see the show.  Slade has 21,000+ readers of his newsletter and an army of devoted  followers of his online weekly blog.  His stand up only reinforces what he has been proving for years… his opinion isn’t like the rest.  From social issues to politics to the perils of his eight year long, train wreck relationship, Slade’s show will take you down roads you never thought you’d go down.

Maybe it’s because something in the crowd caught his eye or maybe he just decided to do an entirely different hour of material, but it’s never the same show twice.  Original, fast paced, and always putting the audience first… Slade Ham is on the verge of something huge. The crowd simply never leaves disappointed. More importantly though, they leave as fans.

When not on stage, Slade drinks Irish whiskey on the rocks and listens to rock and roll much too loud.  He writes an exhorbitant amount of non-fiction which can be found both on his website and at www.thenervousbreakdown.com. One day he hopes to have his book published, host a travel show, and continue to trick the world into paying him to do the things he loves to do.  He keeps a very expensive storage unit in Houston, TX.

