IMBD 
Summary:
Fact-based recounting of a group of women who are imprisoned on the island of Sumatra by the Japanese during World War II and 

used music as a relief to their misery.
The group of women from different countries and social levels are prisoners in a Japanese concentration camp, where one of them, Adrienne, who is a graduate of the Royal Academy of Music, organizes a vocal band in spite of their guards resistance. 

Allmovie Summary:

synopsis Based on the testimony of survivors, this historical drama recounts the WWII heroism of female prisoners of war. (Glenn Close) stars as Adrienne Partiger, a society doyenne who flees Singapore with other expatriate women, mostly the wives of servicemen, when Japanese forces invade in 1942. When their gunboat is sunk in an air attack, the survivors wash ashore on Japanese-held Sumatra. The women are interned in a grim POW camp where punishments for even minor infractions are extreme. With the help of a missionary (Pauline Collins), Partiger corrals the women, including a tough American (Julianna Margulies), an Australian nurse (Cate Blanchett) and a young wife (Jennifer Ehle) into a musical group. Since singing is not allowed, the a cappella chorus dubs itself "a vocal orchestra" and is tolerated -- if barely -- by their Japanese captors. Though living conditions are squalid, food is scarce, and a thin sliver of soap inspires a shower brawl, the music keeps spirits uplifted and a Jewish-German doctor (Frances McDormand) provides some medical aid. Writer-director Bruce Beresford interviewed real-life participants in similar POW musical groups. Some provided, from memory, sheet music of the pieces they performed, which were used in the film.


Cast overview : 
 Glenn Close ...  Adrienne Pargiter 
 Frances McDormand ...  Dr. Verstak 
 Pauline Collins ...  Daisy 'Margaret' Drummond 
 Cate Blanchett ...  Susan Macarthy 
 Jennifer Ehle ...  Rosemary Leighton-Jones 
 Julianna Margulies ...  Topsy Merritt 
 Wendy Hughes ...  Mrs. Dickson 
 Johanna ter Steege ...  Sister Wilhelminia (as Johanna Ter Steege) 
 Elizabeth Spriggs ...  Mrs. Roberts   

Size: 734 GB
Video Bitrate 727 kbps

Runtime:122 min
Year: 1997
Director: Bruce Beresfeld

0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
118kbps 2ch VBR 48000Hz
