I have spent more than 30 years dealing with the shadow
side of the paranormal, including negative hauntings and
demonic cases. I never actually intended to become so
deeply involved, but as most of us in this fi eld are, I was
drawn in and called to it.
The fi rst sign of calling came in my teens. I was about
15 years old when I awoke one night and saw my fi rst apparition,
my deceased grandfather standing at the foot of
my bed. Actually, I did not know him; he had died when
I was three years old. But my mother verifi ed my description
of him.
Perhaps you could say my calling was “in the blood,”
as my mother was a twin, and twins have been known
to be more psychically sensitive than the average person.
Plus, I was related by blood to one of the most prominent
investigators of the demonic: Ed Warren, my mother’s
twin brother and my uncle. Ed and his wife, Lorraine
Warren, a clairvoyant, became household names in the
paranormal and were in media headlines on some of the
most famous modern cases on record. Ed has passed on
now, and Lorraine still works in the fi eld.
As a kid I was always fascinated by the work Ed and
Lorraine did in the paranormal. I wanted to be part of
it too. But Ed was a stickler for the proper education.
He refused to allow me to go along on cases before I
turned 18, and he spent a lot of time transmitting his
knowledge to me. I was impatient back then, but Ed, in
his wisdom, knew what he was doing. Dealing with the
paranormal, especially the dark side, is not child’s play
and requires grounding, education, and discernment. I
had to have a base in all of those in order to be properly
prepared.
I learned a great deal from my uncle and aunt and
eventually went out on my own. I have been privileged to
work with some of the best names in the fi eld, both laypersons,
like me, and clergy. I have worked on more than
7,000 cases: Many of them have had natural explanations
(that is, not paranormal or demonic), and many others
have been resolved with intervention. A few of them have
been full-blown demonic infestations and possessions. I
do not perform exorcisms—that is a role for clergy—but
I have assisted at dozens of these rites.
One of the demonic cases brought me face to face with
genuine evil: a reptile-like entity that manifested in an
infested home, a former funeral parlor in Southington,
Connecticut, and came at me down a staircase. The intensity
of the evil was astonishing. I had never before experienced
anything like it, and I have to admit, I was so
shaken that it was several days before I could return to
the case. I know from my own experience on this case
and others that evil is real, the demonic exists, and dark
forces are at work in the world.