2081 (C. Tuttle, 2009)-aNaRCHo

As the film opens we find ourselves in a dystopian world in the year of
2081: a world in which everyone is "finally equal". Society has taken
it upon itself to make everyone equal....in every possible way. No one
is faster than anyone else, no one is stronger than anyone else, no one
is more talented than anyone else, and of course, no one is smarter than
anyone else. As it is not possible to make stupid people as intelligent
as others, to achieve absolute equality they have resorted to dumbing
everyone down; making them mindless zombies bred to perpetuate
mediocrity. The US head of state is no longer the President, but rather
the "Handicapper General", whose job it is to dictate the handicaps
that citizens must dawn in order to put themselves on an equal level
with those who are deemed to not require a handicap.

As such, we find ourselves observing a couple: the wife is the mindless
religious type, who never ponders on anything that may make her
uncomfortable; never questions anything, let alone challenge authority;
and who does not require any handicap as she is considered the standard
of normalcy. Her husband, on the other hand, is heavily handicapped,
and, via various cinematic techniques in conjunction with technical
handicapping mechanisms, we are shown how these handicaps manifest
themselves for the affected individual. In the case of the man we are
observing, they seem to interrupt his reflections on past memories that
the Handicapper General feels could lead to acts of dissent.

We find out more of what these memories are about when a "Breaking
News" story interrupts the program he is watching to announce that
"suspected Anarchist" Harrison Bergeron has escaped from custody.
Arrested several years ago, Bergeron was charged with "propagandous
vandalism, broadcast piracy, refusal to report for his handicapping
evaluations, and blatant removal of his handicaps in a public place."
The newscaster continues by stating that he is," an athlete and genius.
Is extremely under-handicapped and considered to be dangerous." When
the regularly scheduled program returns, something is not right.
Immediately the man whose room we are watching from whispers,
"Harrison". Suddenly, a mech-Jesus-esque man that looks like he just
escaped from a mental institution, but was unable to fully remove all
the restraint mechanisms, takes over the stage, announcing that "there
is a bomb in the theatre, and the detonator is in my hand". It's
Bergeron; "the greatest man you've never known", and with a sense of
utopian pride he rips off his handicaps after having orated a moving
soliloquy meant to inspire the masses into throwing off their handicaps
and joining him in a revolution against the oppressive system and
Handicapper General.

In a last ditch effort to inspire the masses (while still being
broadcast) Bergeron chooses a woman, gets her to remove her handicaps
and together they show what can be done when given a chance, without
handicaps. Subsequently we watch the counter-revolutionary police force
move in, attempt to disable the broadcast, and the bomb.

Will Bergeron be successful in his attempt to catalyze an uprising, or
will Counter-Revolutionary forces quell the revolution and maintain
their debilitating stranglehold on power? At just over 26 minutes,
Chandler Tuttle's absurd, yet interesting, take on Kurt Vonnegut Jr's
"Harrison Bergeron" is well worth a watch, especially if you are a fan
of dystopian films like I am. It's nicely shot with some funny moments,
and worth it alone for Bergeron's rant. 6.5 out of 10.

Extras Included:
-trailer

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!