Beauty Of Britain - Series 01 & 02 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 
12 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo
 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/beauty_of_britain/

Radio sitcom by Christopher Douglas and Nicola Sanderson. 
Jocelyn Jee Esien stars as an upbeat carer of the nation's elderly

Beauty Of Britain is a comedy from Christopher Douglas and Nicola Sanderson with a cast led by Jocelyn Jee Esien.

Beauty Olonga, bargain hunter and star of the Burslem Hope Gospel Choir, works as a carer for the Featherdown Agency and sees herself as an inspiration to other African girls hoping to live the dream in Britain. "There are plenty of opportunities here. The professional classes are always off sick due to binge drinking and the rest are too lazy to get off the couch to answer the pizza delivery man."

Her journal records her adventures among the nation's elderly - their overheated houses, their cauliflower cheese addiction and their wandering arthritic hands.

 The series is about one woman's progress through a foreign country as she searches for personal fulfilment, a sense of belonging and perhaps a pair of Jimmy Choos she can walk to church in. It also presents a perspective on the elderly care process in all its chaotic, tragic-comedy but it does so from the viewpoint of an economic migrant, Beauty, whose Southern African Shona background has taught her to respect age.





www.comedy.org.uk Review: 
Christopher Douglas and Nicola Sanderson have first-hand knowledge of live-in care and have conceived an original, warm and funny way to tackle this difficult subject.

 The scripts comment neatly on some of the failings of Britain, whilst remaining funny and upbeat. However, one criticism that was levelled at the show during the first series was the over-the-top voice acting, which took away from the otherwise realistic premise. This has thankfully now been toned down.


Cast:
Jocelyn Jee Esien
Felicity Montagu
Indira Joshi
Paul Sharma
Nicola Sanderson
 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/beauty_of_britain/episodes/

Beauty Of Britain - S01 - E01 - Seagulls Over Sue Ryder 
Beauty Of Britain - S01 - E02 - The Lord Lieutenant's Lady 
Beauty Of Britain - S01 - E03 - Girl With The Polycotton Tabard 
Beauty Of Britain - S01 - E04 - Pastor Dave 
Beauty Of Britain - S01 - E05 - Colour Me Wow 
Beauty Of Britain - S01 - E06 - Beauty And The Beast 

Beauty Of Britain - S02 - E01 - Citroen UXB 
Beauty Of Britain - S02 - E02 - Laurelmead 
Beauty Of Britain - S02 - E03 - The Little Black Shorts 
Beauty Of Britain - S02 - E04 - The Delegate 
Beauty Of Britain - S02 - E05 - Mission Command 
Beauty Of Britain - S02 - E06 - Life In The UK 



Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 27mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps 
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits







-----------------------------------------------

I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don't have time to keep trying.
If it's down then it's skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don't miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)

-----------------------------------------------

