Last Call for Freedom 2009 (not a Conspiracy Documentary)

The first part Watch Out is about government spying/surveillance including the use of cameras, tapping phone calls, reading emails, and creating databases of everything about you with the help of super compturers. See actual footage of the super computers!

Part two of this documentary has various Hollywood movie clips such 
as the matrix, south park, running man, the network, a scanner darkly,
enemy of the state, minority report, logan's run, total recall, code 46, gattica, Demolition man, a beautiful mind, the final cut, dark city, six: the mark unleashed. These clips are about government spying and using microchips.

The third film is Microchipping us to slavery. This is about the use of microchips that are implanted in the flesh of humans. This video also covers the topic of creating new humans through technology. 

clips used for part 1 and 3 are from BBC, PBS, history channel, CNN, NBC, Discovery channel, and others.

RFID: Total Control is the last part and it's about how every product that you buy in the future will have a computer chip in it. The video shows the process of RFID technology being put into place worldwide and how it will be used for total control. Here's some more info

The first video starts off by discussing government documents and court cases stating that companies like AT&T read and record everyone’s email. Then it transitions into the patriot act. Next it shows how companies like choice point get paid by the government and various 3rd parties to collect info on all of us. All the purchases we make. The spouse we might have or what kind of pets we have, or even our favorite color. Here we have an ex CEO of the company talking about all this. Watch as you see how some companies watch and monitor all employees even while they are away from work! Finally the video shows the infamous NSA and how more than 20,000 people working each day listen to everyone’s phone calls. Hear ex employees talking about it. The sources are from MSNBC, Discovery Channel, and History Channel along with others. Not only is this evidence but it comes from high sources and it takes you right to the heart of where this is all happening.

All this and its only part 1 – watch out

The video quality isn't the highest quality but its watchable on your home computer. 

This video or movie is very important for everyone on this site because of the future internet restrictions that are going to be place. Most likely No more torrents with the internet 2 with everyone having their own digital ID with limited interenet bandwidth. Please download. You are not going to see this in any book or books. The footage from the super computers warrants a download alone.

This is the time to learn this vital information now because you might now have the chance again