By POPular Demand... Here enters the flipside of rapping and most importantly Hip
Hop. Controlled Aggressors, educated not only from the so called \\\\\\\"School of Hard Knocks\\\\\\\", but an accredited University, South Carolina State University. Most Popular Criminals (MPC) is the culmination of three young men who not only beat the odds of any stereo typical statistics about black males, but also stepped on and conquered them. MPC met while earning their respective college degrees at South Carolina State University.

Driz, Smoke, and Nire are the men behind MPC. All originally surfacing from the NYC area, Smoke hails from the birthplace of Hip-Hop, The Bronx; Nire from Queens and Driz from Long Island. These multi-faceted young men all contribute mass amounts of energy, originality and factual experience to MPC. A love for the same things in life including rhyming, music and Hip Hop culture are what attracted the threesome, collectively. The group began performing in the local South Carolina scene and even received raves of publicity in South Carolina and its surrounding areas as a result of their unique style and flow. Years performing in venues in South Carolina and New York clubs, arenas, and stadiums a stage presence developed performing alongside The Notorious BIG, Uncle Luke, Monifah, OutKast, A Tribe Called Qwest, 2 Live Crew, and The Junior Mafia. 

MPC decided to use the contacts gained in the South while establishing their brand in the New York market networking opportunities and a plethora of material, over 700 recorded songs. M.P.C has sold over 250,000 units independently, on the Subways of NYC, through hand to hand distribution and word of mouth. 

MPC has appeared on ABC WorldNews Now, The FX channel sitcom “Straved”, The Jean Grayce Radio Show, WLIB, in STREETSMOS Magazine, Bulldog Press, www.entindustrymag.com, From Here Magazine“COVER” (Sex, Drugs, and Politics) and The Amsterdam News.

The music created by MPC has made its way to London, Holland, Haiti, Puerto Rico, Spain, Italy, Master P, Lil Kim, Dj Enuff, Dj Clue, Kool Herc, Russell Simmons, Rev RUN, Snoop Dogg, Loon, and Ice Cube.


MPC has always strived to be leaders in the entertainment industry and throughout urban culture, which for them includes people of all races and classes. Unlike many artist or groups MPC has managed to stay united, creating Commercial friendly tunes to the Exclusives only accessible through a mix cd or their website. Their songs showcase the versatility of the group and the members\\\\\\\' personalities individually. Driz and Smoke comprise the groups\\\\\\\' musical aesthetics. While all of the members blaze the mic, Nire adds a certain life to the backdrop of the MPC collective. 

The notion of educating themselves and working hard to attain personal and financial success is something the group agrees on and lives by. Choosing the name Most Popular Criminals was an uncomplicated decision for the members who naturally function as an organized movement, fighting for freedom. Uniformly, the members of MPC are on a mission to create tantalizing conversation through thought provoking rhymes and provide entertainment and positivity in a non conformist fashion. Their style sits in the middle of the bridge between G Unit and Mos Def. Simply put, New Age Hardcore. Their ability to present their music in a manner that people can relate to, picture vividly and continuously vibe off is what sets them apart from the average group. The First, Last and Lost Poets all mixed into three.