Xilisoft Mobile Video Converter v6

Disconnect From Internet While Registering Or Block Program With Firewall

System Requirements
OS Microsoft® Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk 	100MB space for installation
Graphic Card Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

You are now able to watch videos on your mobile phone when you start converting 
them with Xilisoft Mobile Video Converter! This software converts most popular 
video formats so you can play them on mobile phones such as iPhone, Blackberry, 
Windows Mobile phones, Samsung and more.

This software supports most popular formats such as AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, 
H.264/AVC, AVCHD, MKV, RM, MOV, XviD and 3GP while still maintaining the best 
audio and video quality. You even have the choice to split/compress videos, 
music before converting!

    * Convert all popular video formats to AVI, DivX, MP4, MPEG-4 AVC, WMV, and 3GP
    * Extract M4A, MP3, OGG, WAV or WMA audios from videos
    * Supports CD decoding

    * Convert Popular Videos for Mobile Phone
      Convert to AVI, DivX, MP4, MPEG-4 AVC, WMV, XviD, and 3GP playable on iPhone, 
      BlackBerry, Windows Mobile and other popular mobile phones.
      Supported video formats: AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, AVCHD, MKV, RM, and MOV.
    * Convert Video to Audio
      Rip audio file from a video then convert it into M4A, MP3, OGG, WAV or WMA formats so 
      you can set them as ringtone or listen to them as audio file.

     # Dual-Core or Multi-Core CPU
       Supports dual-core or multi-core CPU, this means the more cores, the faster the conversion.
     # Batch Process and Multithreading
       Load several files and convert them simultaneously without slowing the computer down 
       because Xilisoft Mobile Video Converter supports batch processing and multithreading.
     # One File - Several Output
       From one single file, you can convert it into several files with different file properties

    * Split a File
      If a file (audio or video) is too large, you can split it by setting the split size or split time, 
      it will split automatically once settings are set.
    * Compress with Bit Rate Calculator
      Before converting, you can compress a file by specifying the file size you want with the bit rate 
      calculator, press OK and it will do the compressing for you.
    * Trim Video Segment You Choose
      From a video, you can select just a certain clip by specifying the split time and duration or split size.
    * Adjustable Parameters
      The output parameters are classified for eaiser navigation, allowing you to adjust settings such as file size, 
      reduce or increase bit rate, change video frame rate, audio mono or stereo and more according to your preferences.

    * Run in Background
      Leave the converter to run and convert in the background without slowing down your conversion or conflicting 
      with other programs already running in your computer.
    * Set Action After Conversion
      Set an action: shut down, standby, exit or hibernate after a conversion is done to avoid waiting and wasting time.
    * Preview and Snapshot
      Preview video in the built-in resizable player (supports 4:3 and 16:9 zoom mode) before converting; take a 
      snapshot of a scene you like and save as JPG, PNG, BMP or GIF picture file.
    * Power Management
      Allows you to manage your system power in Xilisoft Mobile Video Converter.
    * Interface Languages
      Several language interfaces: English, Japanese, German, Spanish, French and Chinese in Xilisoft 
      Mobile Video Converter.




