Description
Screencasts are the most effective way of explaining how to work on a Mac to friends, relatives, colleagues or customers. Screenium will help you demonstrate a workflow by making capturing it easy. Start the recording and forget about it while you concentrate on what you do best — equipping your viewers with knowledge.

Screenium offers a choice of four capture modes: capture the entire screen, a single window, a freely selectable area on your screen or have an area follow your mouse pointer.

■ Have Screenium hide your Desktop wallpaper and icons during capture.
■ Record everything you hear from your Mac's speakers along with the video.
■ Connect a microphone or use your Mac's integrated mic to record your voice.
■ Integrate a video from any QuickTime-compatible webcam or from your Mac's integrated iSight.
■ Have your mouse pointer and your clicks stand out with the included mouse visualization.
■ Control main features with freely assignable keyboard shortcuts.
■ Export your captured videos into any QuickTime format available on your Mac.

A comprehensive user guide as well as an ever growing number of Q&As and videos delivering tips and tricks will make your first steps in podcast production so much easier. Start recording your first videos today — with Screenium.


Instructions

1. Copy .app to the Applications folder.
2. Generate a Serial using the keygen,
3. Register the App.
4. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks aka darealthing.

An important Notice to our Fans and downloaders

We AJhacks aka darealthing & Reagan07 are planning on teaming up only for you guys so that we could provide as many Apps as possible


Is this a good idea???

WE DON'T HAVE A NAME FOR THIS TEAM, WE WANT YOU GUYS TO DECIDE THE NAME FOR OUR TEAM

We are organizing a $20/- App giveaway

All you have to do is give a NAME for our team
The chosen Winner will get a $20/- App on his request …

The entries ends on 12th of FEBRUARY 2011.


Please provide the names in any of our torrent comments

Example: 
"Name of the team - and your desired name"

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Do not PM (Private Message) us.