Songs of Kabir
by Kabir (Autor), Rabindranath Tagore (Translator)

The Macmillan Company, 1915 | 54 pages | PDF | English

Amazon:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0486433587/ref=dp_proddesc_1?ie=UTF8&n=283155



Description:

The 15th-century poet Kabir created timeless works of enlightenment that combine the philosophies of Sufism, Hinduism, and the Kabbala. Expressed in imagery drawn from common life and the universal experience, Kabir's poems possess a simplicity and cover a wide emotional range. Features 100 songs translated by Rabindranath Tagore.

Rabindranath Tagore, the much loved Indian poet and philosopher, won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1913. Two years later this translation of the Songs of Kabir was published and introduced these mystical poems to the world outside of India.



Reviews:

Kabir was born about 1440 (probably), and was a contemporary of the founder of the Sikh religion, Guru Nanak (possibly his mentor). A weaver by trade, and a mystic by nature, his spiritual vision accepted no division between Life and Creator, man and God, as evinced by the following excerpts; "I Laugh when I hear that the fish in the water is thirsty: You do not see that the Real is in your home, and you wander...listlessly! Here is the truth! Go where you will...if you do not find your soul, the world is unreal to you." and ..."Kabir says, God is the breath of all breath". Many of these songs contain criticism, not of "worldly" people who lived materialistically, but of renunciates who sought God outside of life and relationships; "The infinite dwelling of the Infinite Being is everywhere: in earth, water, sky, and air...He who is within is without; I see Him and none else". This translation by Tagore also contains allusions to Kabirs' cosmology and essential spiritual practice (absorption into the Divine Word or creative power) missing in the naturalistic and minimalistic interpretations of Robert Bly. The poems, or songs, themselves are remarkably fresh, as if they contained the living inspiration which gave them form, and remain, as it were, untouched by time.

-

I first found this book when I was young, 16, and exploring religion in my heart. These poems spoke to me. The relationship with god that is described in the poems is the one I wanted for myself. I have since read other versions of Kabir and many poems by Tagore, but this book remains my one and truest "Bible," which I always have close by, and read in times of trouble or gladness. Whenever I read these poems I feel at peace and at one with my heart. I can't recommend these beautiful poems highly enough.