Fox Hunt for the Ps1                                             Rel. 11/30/1996



Format:        CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         3
Image:         CUE/BIN
Genre.:        FMV
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
               Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups) 
               or Psx Emulator. (You only need one of these methods).


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2, 
      or if you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro, you can also use a Game 
      Enhancer/Built-in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro for the
      Ps1. (If using Breaker Pro or Game Enhancer for multi-disc games you'll 
      have to use the swap trick, A method of lifting the spring putting in 
      any original ps1 game releasing spring and waiting till the disc starts 
      spinning faster then quickly swap in your next game disc. This takes 
      timing and practice to get it right and only works for older   
      Playstation's).




Game Description:

A Classic FMV for the Playstation Great Game for your Collection.

You are Jack Fremont, an ordinary schmo just trying to get enough money to eat something (by banging on your fridge, yelling "I'm hungry!") when you are caught in a big-city crime ring and hired by the CIA to be an incompetent spy (crude personality, not too bright...) which leads to hilarity and action alike. This game plays like an interactive movie. 



Game Pics Included.


Burn With Alcohol 120% (Included in Download).

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.


(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or Questions Please Post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!				