Creation Seminar Box Set - Updated with International Subtitles (2011)

Dr. Hovind's award-winning Creation Seminar is his most popular set of videos, capturing the attention of all, young and old alike. God has used his fast-paced, fully illustrated seminar to bring thousands of people closer to Him. This 18-hour series comes on 8 DVDs with bonus content. Updated! Now includes subtitles in 31 languages

Includes the following topics:

The Age of The Earth: Uncovers the follies of the Big Bang theory and exposes the religious beliefs of evolution. (Also subtitled in Afrikaans, Albanian, Bulgarian, Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, Croatian, Czech, Danish, English, Estonian, Finnish, German, Greek, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Norwegian, Polish, Portguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian)

The Garden of Eden: Describes the earth as it was before the worldwide flood, and how it was possible for man to live over 900 years, for plants and animals to grow much larger than today, and for dinosaurs to thrive along with man. (Also subtitled in Afrikaans, Albanian, Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, Croatian, Danish, English, Estonian, German, Indonesian, Latvian, Norwegian, Polish, Portguese, Romanian, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian)

Dinosaurs And The Bible: Traces the biblical and historical references to dinosaurs and includes interviews with people who claim to have seen living dinosaurs. (Also subtitled in Bulgarian, Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, Croation, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Portguese, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian)

Lies in The Textbooks: Shows how public school textbooks are permeated with fraudulent information in order to convince students that evolution is true. (Also subtitled in Chinese-CS, Chinese-CT, English, French, German, Indonesian, Latvian, Norwegian, Portguese, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish)

The Dangers of Evolution: Reveals the terrible effects that evolution beliefs have had on societies throughout history.

The Hovind Theory: Blends scientific observations with Scripture in an explanation of what could have caused Noah's Flood, the Ice Age, the formation of coal, mountain ranges, and the Grand Canyon.

Question and Answers: Covers a wide variety of topics including radiometric dating, starlight, "primitive man," race origins, the mark of the beast, alleged contradictions in the Bible, and many more!

Box set includes the Seminar Notebook and the Seminar Workbook on CD-ROM.  

Please help seed for others.