All 6 Albums By Ian Brown in his solo career.




Following the official demise of the Stone Roses in October 1996, Brown established his solo career with the debut solo single \"My Star\", which was released in the UK on 12 January 1998. The debut album Unfinished Monkey Business followed on 2 February 1998. The album was produced and financed by Brown, and featured ex-Roses members Mani, Nigel Ipinson, Aziz Ibrahim and Robbie Maddix.
 
His second solo album Golden Greats was released by Polydor Records 1999. It featured more electronic instrumentation and earned high critical acclaim. For his third studio album Music of the Spheres Brown sought outside production help for the first time, hiring the services of songwriter and producer Dave McCracken who would go on to become a regular collaborator.
 
Brown\'s fourth solo album, Solarized, was released in the UK on 13 September 2004, and was the first to be released under the revived Polydor imprint Fiction Records. When his new Fiction A&R Jim Chancellor was asked in HitQuarters what contribution he makes to Brown\'s records he said, \"There\'s not as much to do. Ian is very much the master of his own records.\"[2]
 
Since the break up of the Stone Roses in 1996, Brown has released six solo albums and fourteen UK Top 40 singles. He has sold out six UK tours, and appeared three times at the Glastonbury Festival, including headlining The Other Stage in 2005, where he wore an Ethiopian Adidas jacket given to him by the marathon runner, Haile Gebrselassie. He has also appeared five times at V Festival since 1998, the most appearances by any artist. Brown has also regularly appeared at T in the Park and Oxegen festivals.
 
As a solo act, Brown has worked with many notable musicians including UNKLE (adding vocals to the instrumental album track \"Unreal\", for its release as the single \"Be There\", and also singing on the \"Reign\" single, released in 2004) and Oasis\' Noel Gallagher. Previously, he acted as a mentor to the up-and-coming British band, South.
 




Ian Brown at the Witnness festival in Ireland in 2002 
He has played two sell out tours in Australia, made four tours of Japan (including four appearances at Fuji Festival Japan), headlined the Rocket Festival in Hong Kong and appeared in Moscow. His song \"On Track\" is featured in the Russian film Paragraph 78. He has also played shows in New Zealand, Mexico City, Argentina, Chile, Thailand, Spain, France, Italy, Amsterdam, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Belgium, Poland, Serbia, New York, Los Angeles, Canada, and Dubai among others. He sold out the 16,000 capacity Manchester Evening News Arena on 3 December 2005 and also sold out Brixton Academy eleven times. Brown also appeared at the 2010 Festival Internacional de Benicàssim in Spain.
 
In September 2005, Brown appeared to rule out a reunion of The Stone Roses, saying \"there\'s more chance of me reforming the Happy Mondays than the Roses\". Happy Mondays in fact have reformed, but yet Brown appears pessimistic about a likelihood of any reunion.
 
At the 2006 NME awards, Brown was presented with the \"Godlike Genius\" award and in 2007 was given the Q \"Legend\" Award.
 
In September 2007, Brown released his fifth studio album, The World is Yours. The album represented a more political approach in his music, particularly the anti-war single, \"Illegal Attacks\", featuring Sinéad O\'Connor.
 
On 21 July 2009, Brown announced via the NME that his sixth solo album would be titled My Way; it was released on 28 September 2009. Brown explained that the album was inspired by Michael Jackson\'s Thriller: \"\'Thriller\' was our blueprint. Every time we wrote a song we didn\'t think was strong enough, we scrapped it. We mastered it on the day that Michael Jackson died too, so I\'m taking that as a good omen.\" My Way was recorded at London\'s Battery Studios with producer Dave McCracken; the first single, \"Stellify\", was released 21 September 2009.

- woollytorrent -