              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                           Rhythm Zone Update 2 RIP                         
 



   Release Date  :  09/08/2010                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 38x5.00MB             Company     :  Sonic Boom Games
 



   Release Notes:

   Rhythm Zone is the future of real music gaming. Pick any song from       
   your music library and experience the exciting falling-note              
   beat-matching gameplay set to surreal background visuals. Rhythm Zone    
   supports USB-based plug and play controllers.                            
                                                                            
   Play Your Music. Regardless of your taste in music, you can play your    
   favorite songs. Rhythm Zone supports a wide variety of file types        
   and will identify most common songs against our database.                
                                                                            
   Focus Power: Hit note streaks to earn score multipliers and the          
   ability to unleash your inner rock star.                                 
                                                                            
   Visualizers: Dynamic background visualizers that are based on your       
   music and performance; create a unique game experience each time         
   you play!                                                                
                                                                            
   Updates: But wait - there's more! Downloadable song packs and            
   content updates on the horizon.                                          
                                                                            
   --------------------------------------------------------------------     
                                                                            
   Rhythm Zone Update 2:                                                    
                                                                            
   - Unicode Support                                                        
                                                                            
   - New "Play My Music" results screen implemented that features current   
                                                                            
   - Friend and Global leaderboard status, and presents current or former   
     high scores                                                            
                                                                            
   - High Score and Global High Score are now presented on the Song Info    
     screen                                                                 
                                                                            
   - New in-game HUD elements compare current scores to previously obtained 
     high scores, and updates when a previous high score is surpassed       
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 



   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-rzu2.exe (remember to locate your main RIP     
      location and install into it)                                         
   3. Start game with rhythmzone.exe                                        
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            
 




     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 



                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "


Screenshot:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/cabnjaadc.jpg    

