Jucifer, founded in Georgia in 1993, are pioneers of the sludge / doom metal two-piece. They are notorious for their use of massive amplification, and for their entirely nomadic lifestyle since moving into their tour vehicle a decade ago.

Early on, Jucifer shared stages with many underground legends, including Lubricated Goat, Bloodloss (Mark Arm/Mudhoney), Melt-Banana, Melvins and Eyehategod. Years based in Athens, Georgia, United States from 1991 until 2001 were pivotal both for Jucifer and the Southern scene itself, which has evolved to strongly reflect bands such as Jucifer and contemporaries Harvey Milk.

Early Jucifer performances were best categorized as doom or drone, relying on ultra-low tunings and plodding tempos at chest-caving volumes. Although there were always some faster grind parts during Jucifer’s sets (i.e. Fall of the Bastille and Queen B, both played often throughout the 90’s) the turn of the century saw the band begin to incorporate more speed. In 2008 guitarist Gazelle Amber Valentine began tuning much higher than ever before, and has said this was done to support audibility of notes at faster tempos. Current sets incorporate elements of doom, drone, sludge, black, grind, and hardcore.

While Jucifer’s live performance has always been a brutal, bludgeoning exercise in high volume riff worship accompanied by massive and maniacal drumming by Edgar Livengood, their studio work extends far beyond that aesthetic. Both members may augment recordings with unexpected instrumentation (cello, violin, banjo, piano) and much softer, more pop inflected songs than would ever be heard at a show. Valentine’s vocals in the live setting are primarily growls and gut-wrenching screams, but on albums she stretches out into beautiful harmonies and intimate solo vocals.

Jucifer has spent the better part of seventeen years on the road. Homeless since 2001, they tour all year. Their latest release is the album Throned In Blood released in April 2010, Nomadic Fortress.

Jucifer was formed in 1993 by Gazelle Amber Valentine and her then-boyfriend Edgar Livengood, who, according to Valentine, coined the band's name from a statement he heard during O.J. Simpson's trials for the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman: "If he's guilty, then he's the devil and The Juice is Lucifer."They released their first album, Calling All Cars on the Vegas Strip, through fan run indie label Crack Rock. After this release, they signed to major label Capricorn Records, which reissued the album in 2000. With Jucifer still signed and awaiting release of its second album recorded in 1999, Capricorn officially went out of business. However a skeleton staff continued under the name Velocette Records, which released extended play EP Lambs in 2001 I Name You Destroyer in 2002 and War Bird in 2004.For their fifth release, If Thine Enemy Hunger, Jucifer signed to Relapse Records,

In March 2008, Jucifer released the double album, L'Autrichienne,which was recorded in July 2007.To support the album, Jucifer embarked on their first tour through Europe. After their very successful European tour they toured over the United States and Canada.

In 2010 Jucifer founded its own label, Nomadic Fortress Records, and signed a distribution deal with Relapse Records for its output. The band continues to tour constantly, both across North America and returning to Europe in 2010.

The album Throned In Blood was released in April 2010 by Nomadic Fortress Records. This album channels the raw hostility, black metal, death metal, and especially doom qualities which have dominated Jucifer's live show but rarely been heard on their albums.

Current lineup
Gazelle Amber Valentine - Guitar,vocals
Edgar Livengood - Drums

Genre = Sludge / Doom Metal
Format = mp3
Bit rate = 320 kbps
File size = 42.56 MB

Track List
1. Prime 
2. Hachimantaro 
3. Withering 
4. Crossless 
5. Glamourpuss