Is normal to hear that Appetite for Destruction is one of the best rock albums ever made. It is also normal to hear that is the best album ever from Guns N'Roses. But one thing is for sure: This album is as good(and maybe better) than Appetite. Use your Illusion II is full of excellent, unforgettable songs. Starting with Estranged, a nine minutes masterpiece with a killer guitar work by Slash, and remarkable lyrics by Axl. No other person has ever written so good about the feelings related to the fact of losing the one you love and understanding that your relationship just fell apart. Yesterdays is a simple but beautiful song. Really easy to hear. When i run out of words is when i try to explain how i feel about hearing Locomotive. What a song! Slash is just from another world. Hard and fast riffs combined with Axl's powerful voice are just amazing. The last three minutes of this song are maybe the 3 best ever recorded by a rock band. Only comparable to Stairway to Heaven, Estranged, and the last 3 from Rocket Queen (also from Appetite). So fine is a gentle song, with an excellent balance of piano and guitar sounds that allowed Duff McKagan to show that GN'R is not just about Axl and Slash. He can write good songs too and sing them with high quality standards. Get in the ring, the song that defined the name of their world tour is pure rock and roll. Excellent intro guitars and following riffs by Izzy and Slash. Axl's honesty about his feelings for magazine's columnists and editors resulted in a really powerful song. Its really contagious rythm makes impossible not to sing and jump with these song. Civil war is another classic with an excellent wah-wah pedal work from Slash. Then we find 14 Years, with excellent lyrics and vocals from Izzy Stradlin and powered backing vocals from Axl. And one after another you get through the best group of rock and roll songs ever put together in one album. This one is an album to remember. An album to hear for years to come, because what the gunners accomplished here is just to great and beautiful to be forgotten. Maybe we are lucky and we can have them together again, making really simple, powerful rock and roll, just as they only can do. 

by Claudio Fernandez Gauna "Clutch16"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Civil War.wma                                          
02 - 14 Years.wma                                           
03 - Yesterdays.wma                                         
04 - Knockin' On Heaven's Door.wma                          
05 - Get In The Ring.wma                                    
06 - Shotgun Blues.wma                                      
07 - Breakdown.wma                                          
08 - Pretty Tied Up.wma                                     
09 - Locomotive.wma                                         
10 - So Fine.wma                                            
11 - Estranged.wma                                          
12 - You Could Be Mine.wma                                  
13 - Don't Cry (Alt. Lyrics).wma                            
14 - My World.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO