A Fool`s Walkthrough Enlightened Bullshit

Revision 5

*Note: there is a separate section with whats new.


INFO:

Revision/Edition : 5
Author/Publisher : Anonymous
Official Release : 11 November 2011
Language : English
License : Public - Free
Cover : Does not have - at all (You are welcome to make one and send it)
Format: PDF
Category : Social
Plot/About : A log of one`s learning the ways to dissolve any manner of bullshit.


UPLOADER`s Comment:
A refreshing take on social matters in about 30 pages. If you are a person with the stomach to deal with your failures - this is likely to amuse you nicely. Otherwise you can call it a clever way to go about bullshit and you`d hate it for shedding light on your own BS.

INTRO : A few non spoiler quotes:

"The increasing number of "enlightening" materials floating about is seriously stinking lately, even if conspiracy is not in your vocabulary. I figured I might as well publicize a take on social matters in a way that will give conspiracists, neutrals and anti-conspiracists identically unnerving rectal sensations."

"This isn`t some humane generous act of revelation, or any other type of "sweetened" candy giveaway, the least of which is some supposedly profound truth presented to you with the claim that it`s relevant and/or valuable information that you need to believe."

"The shit in here isn`t tucked under the rug. If you don`t want it on you - do mind your step."

"Everything I`ve said in here is my way of outgrowing the loop of bullshit - and it works for me."

"Reality is what we perceive - it is our limited understanding of what is actively happening."

"It`s a simple exercise - imagine now you worked you entire life to expand your financial "security" and secure as much authority as you can. Now some lunatics shouting "death to the new world order" say they have this brilliant peace idea for you to share all your privileges with them (you know - the product of all that life long, dynasty long - tediously intricate backstabbing). Not only that but they offer to reward you by impaling you on a cactus if they found you morally or otherwise guilty about anything. So, if you handed them the power - can you imagine they would find something upsetting about your past - you know in the time you, lied, cheated, stole, bribed, murdered and so on to secure or protect your privileges, yeah - mostly from these same people... How exactly do you see yourself relinquishing resources and power so the misguided that didn`t bother to burden their brain cells and believed your lies can benefit?"