Book Description
CCNP TSHOOT Exam Preparation

Master CCNP® TSHOOT 642-832 exam topics
Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
Review key concepts with Exam Preparation Tasks
Practice with realistic exam questions on the CD-ROM
The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNP TSHOOT exam, including

Common network maintenance tasks and tools
Troubleshooting models
Cisco IOS® troubleshooting commands and features
Troubleshooting Cisco Catalyst® Switches and STP
Troubleshooting BGP, OSPF, and EIGRP routing protocols
Route redistribution, security, and router performance troubleshooting
IP services and IP communications troubleshooting
IPv6 troubleshooting
Large enterprise network troubleshooting
CCNP TSHOOT 642-832 Official Certification Guide is a best-of-breed Cisco® exam study guide that focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNP® TSHOOT exam. Senior instructor and best-selling author Kevin Wallace shares preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

CCNP TSHOOT 642-832 Official Certification Guide presents you with an organized test preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. “Do I Know This Already?” quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks sections help drill you on key concepts you must know thoroughly.

The companion CD-ROM contains a powerful testing engine that enables you to focus on individual topic areas or take complete, timed exams. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a module-by-module basis, laying out a complete study plan for review.

Well regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCNP TSHOOT 642-832 Official Certification Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

Kevin Wallace, CCIE® No. 7945, is a certified Cisco instructor who holds multiple Cisco certifications including CCSP®, CCVP®, CCNP®, and CCDP®, in addition to multiple security and voice specializations. With Cisco experience dating back to 1989 (beginning with a Cisco AGS+ running Cisco IOS 7.x), Kevin has been a network design specialist for the Walt Disney World Resort, a senior technical instructor for SkillSoft/Thomson NETg/KnowledgeNet, and a network manager for Eastern Kentucky University.

This volume is part of the Official Certification Guide Series from Cisco Press. Books in this series provide officially developed exam preparation materials that offer assessment, review, and practice to help Cisco Career Certification candidates identify weaknesses, concentrate their study efforts, and enhance their confidence as exam day nears.

Book Details
Hardcover: 552 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press (February 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587058448
ISBN-13: 978-1587058448
File Size: 12.3 MiB