INSTALLATION:
Use an Emulator to run the games.
Recommended: ePSXe 1.6 or 1.7

I have also uploaded the emulator to run this game on all of the following link:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6174621/ePSXe_1.7.0_%28with_working_gameshark__codebreaker__action_replay%29
----------
----------
----------

BOMBERMAN PARTY EDITION:
Bomberman Party Edition, known in Japan and Europe as Bomberman, is a PlayStation version of the 1983 game Bomberman. In addition to vintage graphics for single player mode, an option for enhanced graphics is added. The game was released to the PlayStation Network as a PSOne Classic on September 24, 2008 in Japan and December 10, 2009 in North America.

Battle mode is added to this release, which features 8 courses with 3 levels per course.

The single player mode is very similar to the 1983 release of Bomberman. The player controls the titular Bomberman in a wide area, full of destructible and non-destructible blocks. The blocks can be destroyed with bombs, and may contain a power up that increases Bomberman's walking speed, the size of Bomb explosions, the number of bombs able to be placed, or the ability to explode your bombs with the push of a button or to walk through walls or bombs. Some power ups are temporary, allowing Bomberman to be immune to bombs or monsters.

The point of each level is to destroy each monster, and then locate the door, which is located underneath a random block.

After every few levels, the player can play a bonus level. The player is invincible, and an endless stream of monsters is to be destroyed by the player. The point is to try and build up score until a bonus life is awarded.

Similar in design to Super Bomberman, there are a number of level themes in the single player mode.
------------
------------
------------

BOMBERMAN WORLD:
STORY:
There were once four evil Bombers called the Dark Force Bombers who tried to bring darkness to the Bomberman world. The ancient ancestors of the Bombermen imprisoned the Dark force Bombers in the Blue Crystal. Millions of years later, Bagular, appearing from another point in the time-space continuum, destroyed the Blue Crystal, thus freeing the villains. The freed bombers became Bagular's minions and conquered the four worlds. It is now up to Bomberman to save the worlds from evil.

STORY MODE:
The goal is to complete all five areas of the different Bomber worlds. To complete the areas, you must control Bomberman and set bombs to destroy enemies and obstacles that will lead to the exit. To be able to complete each level, the player must locate and pick up all of the Crystals on the map. Once this is complete, the door to the exit will open, and the player is allowed to move on to the next area. In the fourth area of each world, the player will have to defeat a Dark Force Bomber, and an extra boss that is themed after the type of world the setting is in.
Once you defeat a Dark Force Bomber, the player is given a unique battle armor to wear for the next boss battle, which has a normal attack and a special attack. The battle armor is only used for the boss battles, meaning once the player advances to the next world, the battle armor will be lost. As such, it is recommended that players take full advantage of the armor.

MULTIPLAYER*******
In multiplayer mode, the last one standing is the winner. Set bombs to destroy other bombers. There are different modes to play at, such as "Single Match" and "Maniac Mode", and the player or players are able to chooser one of ten different unique maps to battle on, each map having a different twist and theme to the gameplay. The objective is to blow up blocks or obstacles to be able to advance towards other bombers and catch them with the fire from your bomb. When obstacles are blown up, items frequently drop from them.

Single Match:
Single Match is a basic game in which five Bombers are on a map chosen before the game starts. The player can choose "Tag Match" or "Battle Royal", with Tag Match being able to choose two teams to fight, and Battle Royal for a free-for-all on all five players. There are other options that can be determined, like number of rounds to win in order to win altogether, time limit for each round, Sudden Death, Bad Bomber, and others. Sudden Death happens once a certain amount of time has passed, and the map starts to fall apart rapidly, killing any player who happens to be standing on a space that disappears. Bad Bomber is an option that allows a defeated player to hover around the edge of the map and shoot bombs onto the map in hopes of taking out other Bombers. Setting the Bad Bomber option to "Super" results in the event that a Bad Bomber kills a Bomber, that Bad Bomber will come back to life.

Maniac Mode:
Maniac Mode is another type of multiplayer game setting, in which you choose which items you want to have appear on the field, and how many. Possibilities range from having maximum fire matches with other players, or merely a max amount of bombs with no fire power, as well as gaining special powers that cannot be obtained during normal Single Match play, such as the item that allows you to walk through walls.

Special Mode:
This mode allows the player to play a special level with a pre-determined amount of time to complete (only options are two-minutes and five-minutes), as well picking a selection of items to start with. There are three selections, each containing three different items, or amounts of a certain item. The object of the Special Mode is to rack up as many points as you can, done best by defeating numerous enemies within the same blast of a bomb, and picking up letters. Defeating the Boss at the end of the level yields a large amount of bonus points. The game is over once the player dies, or defeats the boss.
When a game ends, the player is ranked on the amount of points he or she acquired before they lost or won. Higher points will result in a positive ranking (like Good Bomber) and low points will result in a negative ranking (like Worst Bomber). It is unclear whether or not the rankings have anything to do with the game (due to the face that there is no High-Score board) other than being a self-accomplishment for the player to achieve the best ranking possible.

ITEMS:
Bomberman World is known for its wide range of different items that the player can pick up to give them the advantage (or disadvantage) in the fight. Basic multiplayer items include:

Bomb Up: A card with a Bomb symbol. It increases the players number of bombs they can sit down at a time. A player can only have a max of five bombs, so any additional bomb cards picked up afterward become useless.

Fire Up: A card with a smiling fire symbol, with a green background. It increases the player's reach of explosion by one. Each fire makes the fire reach an extra square. A player can only have a fire power of eight before each fire gotten afterward is useless.

Speed Up: A card with a roller skate symbol. It increases the players speed while walking around slightly.

Punch: A card with a red boxing glove symbol. When picked up, a player can press the Square button to punch a bomb in front of them to knock it a few spaces in front of them.

Bomb Kick: A card with a Bomberman foot kicking a bomb symbol. When picked up, the player can run into a bomb and "kick" it across the screen in a straight line. Pressing the Square button will result in the bomb stopping at the player's desired position. If the player does not stop the bomb, the bomb will continue to move until it explodes, or it hits an obstacle or player.

Push: A card with a "P" symbol. When picked up, the player can press the Square button to push an enemy around a little bit. Can be done with rapid succession.

Power Glove: A card with a blue glove symbol. When picked up, players can pick up bombs with the Circle button and throw them in a chosen direction. The player can also pick up other players or CPUs and throw them in the direction that they are facing.

Line Bomb: A card with a diagonal line of bombs symbol. When picked up, the player can press the Square button to set down all available bombs in a straight line. To acquire a longer line, more Bomb cards must be picked up.

Speed Down: A card with a wooden sandal symbol. It decreases the speed of a player with the same amount that the Roller Skate increases.

Poison: A card with a Skull symbol: When picked up, it gives the player a certain ailment out of many. Some include making the D-pad work in the opposite way, the player cannot put down bombs, the player can't stop setting down bombs, the player is forced to change places with another player, cannot stop moving, move extremely fast, move extremely slow, among others. The ailment stays until the player picks up another item (the skull will jump out of the player and land back on screen), or the player walks past another player, in which that player will be stuck with it. It is advised that players blow up the item when they can to avoid picking it up by accident.

SPECIAL ITEMS:
Some items cannot be obtained in a regular multiplayer game and must be used in Maniac Mode or obtained during Special Mode to use:

Full Fire: A card looking very similar to the Fire card, but with a yellow background instead of green. It gives you the maximum amount of fire possible. Any Fire cards picked up afterward are useless.

Remote Controller: A card with a bomb inside of a heart symbol. When a bomb is set down, it will not explode until the player presses the X button. This ability is used for Line Bomb, and the amount of bombs the player has at their disposal.

Piercing Fire: A card with a bomb covered in spikes symbol. When picked up, a bomb's fire explosion can pass through obstacles and enemies, exploding numerous objects. Cannot pass through obstacles that can't normally be destroyed.

Safety Vest: A card with an armor coat symbol. Allows the player to be invincible for a short time.

Heart: A card with a heart symbol. Allows the player to take a hit without dying.

Ignore Walls: A card with a brick wall symbol. Allows the player to walk through "soft" walls (this is also in multiplayer mode).
-----------------
-----------------
-----------------

BOMBERMAN FANTASY RACE:
GAMEPLAY:
Bomberman Fantasy Race is a 3D racing game featuring two single player modes and a two player mode. Players choose one of six Bomberman characters, then select the creature in which they want to ride on. There are two types of creatures, the Louie and the Tirra, and the player can eventually choose from six of each. Before starting a race, players purchase items at a shop with their prize money. The goal of the main single player mode is to finish the race ahead of the other five racers, who are controlled by the CPU. The player is rewarded with prize money (called Bomberman coins) if they reach at least third place. If the player reaches first place, the player will be able to play a bonus course that will reward him with more coins. Finishing a course in first place will unlock a mirrored version of that course.
In the two player mode, players are able to bet money on the race. The player who wins the race will earn all the money that the losing player bet before the race. The player with the least amount of money is the one who decides if a bet can be placed on a race.
In Time Attack Mode, players race against the clock to post their fastest lap times and course records. Players can save a ghost data to study their runs or exchange it with friends. The ranking screen posts the player's name, creature, and best time.
Players can look and exchange coins in the bank. The bank has ten boxes with a lit blue light if they have coins, and a red one if they are full. Players exchange hundred Copper coins for one Silver coin, and ten Silver coins for one Gold coin. When a safe in the bank is full, the coins are exchanged automatically. Coins can be used to buy new creatures at the stable, items, and courses.
Players are able to throw or drop bombs during a race. Other than using bombs to attack other opponents, players can use a bomb dash, giving their creatures an acceleration boost. Creatures are able to dash using stamina for a limited amount of time, and can also use a triangle jump by jumping off walls. During a race, players will come across panels that will give them different items which they can use to help their progress or hinder the progress of their opponents. Players can also find eggs among the course, and a creature can hold three eggs. The eggs function differently for each creature. A Louie will gain an speed boost, while a Tirra will form a barrier that will protect them from bomb explosions.

CHARACTERS:
Bomberman Fantasy Race features six playable characters. White Bomber, the hero of the Bomberman series, decides to participate when he sees that Bagular, a recurring Bomberman villain (who enters the race to fund an evil plan), is seen among the list of participants. Black Bomber, White Bomber's ally and rival, participates in the race to earn the prize money and become rich. Another returning character is Pretty Bomber, the sly female member of the Five Dastardly Bombers that first debuted in Super Bomberman 2. An Hige Hige Bandit (from Saturn Bomberman), known only as Mechbomber 015, participates in the race to show everyone how good he is. A new character is Mach Bomber, a mysterious bomberman who always says that he was born to run.
Dr. Ein, Bomberman's creator, makes an unplayable appearance in the game to offer help and advice to the player, while his friendly robot Kepo, helps the player in the game's menu. The other unplayable character's in the game are a group of robots known as the Petit Rescue 7. They hand items to the player, or return them to the course if they fall into a pit or water.

CREATURES:
After the player selects a character, they must select one of the two creature types, either the Louie (which first debuted in Bomberman '94), or the Tirra (which debuted in Saturn Bomberman), which act as their vehicles. The Louie's excel at handling, while the Tirra have better speed. As the player earns coins, they can use them at the stable to purchase a better version of that creature.

    * Green Louie: Not very fast, but balanced.
    * Hopping Louie: Jumps higher than the other creatures, but not very fast.
    * Tri Louie: Fastest acceleration of all the Louie's, but low stamina.
    * Soaring Louie: Very good with the triangle jump, best for courses with many curves.
    * Hyper Louie: Fastest of all the Louie's and the all-around creature.

    * Blue Tirra: Faster than the Green Louie, but cannot jump as high.
    * Brave Tirra: Has the best stamina, allowing it to run at top speed in a short course.
    * Flying Tirra: The Tirra with the best jump.
    * Mighty Tirra: Strong defense makes it hard to knock this Tirra down with explosions.
    * Super Tirra: The strongest Tirra, who is an even match for Hyper Louie.

After the player purchases the four types of each creature, a fifth one will appear for purchase, the Black Louie, and the King Tirra.

COURSES:
Bomberman Fantasy Race features seven courses, along with a secret course. The first available course is the Bomber Circuit, which allows beginning players to learn most of the game's advanced techniques thanks to the course's straightaways. The player needs to purchase the following courses with Bomberman coins. The second course is the Bomber Coaster Lake, which takes the player through an amusement park and going around a lake, where the player can use the water fountain in the middle of the course to their advantage. The third course is the Waca Isl Beachside, a course with two shortcuts that allows the player to practice their triangle jumps. The fourth course is the Bakuzan Ski Course, where the ice increases the speed of the player's creature but decreases handling, while snow slows down a creature but keeps the player in perfect control of it. The fifth course, Star Express, has Hige Hige Bandits that attack the player in UFOs. The sixth course is the Dyna Mountain, takes the player across a minefield, a cave past a bridge, a waterfall that they have to jump across, and a windy bridge. The final course is the Bomber Castle, which becomes available after the player clears all six courses. The race takes place in a Bomberman Battle Mode arena, with landmines, floating mines, and tiles on the floor that can burn the player. When the player clears all seven courses, they can purchase a mirrored version of each course. Clearing this mirrored courses unlocks the final course, Highway Star Road.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk