
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51u6-JI0QDL._SS500_.jpg


Title: The Moment
Artist: Framing Hanley
Audio CD (November 18, 2008) 
Original Release Date: 2007 
Number of Discs: 1 
Genre: Rock
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Home
02. Built for Sin
03. Hear Me Now
04. Slow Dance
05. All in Your Hands
06. It's Not What They Said
07. 23 Days
08. Count Me In
09. Alone in This Bed (Capeside)
10. Wave Goodbye
11. Fold, The
12. Lollipop


Includes Music Video: Framing Hanley - Lollipop.mp4

Amazon Review:
This Nashville five piece's debut has the pop sensibility of Jimmy Eat World and the rock presence of Breaking Benjamin but maintains the alternative rock credibility of 30 Seconds To Mars and Bush. The album, produced by Dark New Day's Brett Hestla, has all of the elements of a future mainstream smash. The first single, "Hear Me Now", has already been in the top 20 on Sirius Octane's most requested list for months.

Allmusic Review:
Moment by Framing Hanley welds earnest emo gestures to heavy-edged modern rock, coming off somewhere on the spectrum between Incubus' post-grunge alt rock and Fall Out Boy's cresting emo attack. (The Nashville band could also safely be compared to 30 Seconds to Mars.) The lead single "Hear Me Now" pits ominous metal-lite guitar tones against the kind of emo pain that only kids in tight jeans, wristbands, and eyeliner can fully understand ("Now my body's on the floor and I am calling, I'm calling out to you/Can you hear me now?), complete with a shrieking vocal counterattack beneath the soul-baring sentiments. "All in Your Hands" owes a more straight-up debt to Incubus, with spiraling metal-lite cloudbursts of guitars dropping love bombs beneath high-wire vocal keening. "Built for Sin" trades in on the old sensitive brooding verse/high cries metal guitar chorus formula that has served numerous emo groups so well, while "Alone in This Bed" provides the requisite change-up: a heart-tugging love ballad with acoustic guitar opening and sweeping, grandiose flourishes. This a well-constructed album, but it's so highly derivative and so one-note emotionally that it becomes anesthetizing. We get it: you're in pain and you miss her. Anything else new under the sun?