I was around when "Metamorphosis" came out in 1975, and I hated it then. Beginning with Goats Head Soup in 1972 RS IMO began an overall decline which has only been briefly relieved every five years or so by some good but flawed albums/cds, or some actual great singles off otherwise mediocre cds.) I think I was wrong. 

Ssince that time I've come to appreciate Metamorphosis as a study in how the RS changed from their old blues covers and Brian Jones-influenced bluesy stuff into the flowering of the Glimmer Twins and their move to harder rock and roll. IMO it was in Jone's final 68-69 decline when he was less influential in the band that the famous "Rolling Stones sound" was established in the public's mind. 

Metamorphosis is a quick education in early-middle period of Stones development. Tremendous changes can be heard not only in the song styles, but also the singling tone of Jagger. It's also fun listening for session sidemen like Jimmy Page and Stephen Still in their cuts. 

So for the casual RS fan, this is more than likely a pass. But for the experienced and mature listener, it's great fun listening to the RS as they mature - well, as they mature musically at least.

by McCalla

TRACKLIST:

01 - Out Of Time.wma                                                  
02 - Don't Lie To Me.wma                                              
03 - Some Things Just Stick In Your Mind.wma                          
04 - Each And Everyday Of The Year.wma                                
06 - I'd Much Rather Be With The Boys.wma                             
07 - (Walkin' Thru The) Sleepy City.wma                               
08 - We're Wastin' Time.wma                                           
09 - Try A Little Harder.wma                                          
10 - I Don't Know Why.wma                                             
11 - If You Let Me.wma                                                
12 - Jiving Sister Fanny.wma                                          
13 - Downtown Suzie.wma                                               
14 - Family.wma                                                       
15 - Memo From Turner.wma                                             
16 - I'm Going Down.wma    

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	