The Devils Double 2011 DVDRip Eng (Span,Eng Subs on/off)-by Bakura2

+A 30 second sample is included in this file to preview before
you download the entire movie.


Based on a gripping, unbelievable true story of money, power and opulent decadence, Lionsgate's 
'The Devil's Double' takes a white-knuckle ride deep into the lawless playground of excess and violence known as Bagdad, 1987. Summoned from the frontline to Saddam Hussein's palace, Iraqi army lieutenant Latif Yahia (Dominic Cooper) is thrust into the highest echelons of the "royal family" when he's ordered to become the 'fiday' -- or body double -- to Saddam's son, the notorious 
"Black Prince" Uday Hussein (also Dominic Cooper), a reckless, sadistic party-boy with a rabid hunger for sex and brutality. With his and his family's lives at stake, Latif must surrender his former self forever as he learns to walk, talk and act like Uday. But nothing could have prepared him for the horror of the Black Prince's psychotic, drug-addled life of fast cars, easy women and impulsive violence. With one wrong move costing him his life, Latif forges an intimate bond with Sarrab (Ludivine Sangier), Uday's seductive mistress who's haunted by her own secrets. But as war looms with Kuwait and Uday's depraved gangster regime threatens to destroy them all, Latif realizes that escape from the devil's den will only come at the highest possible cost.


Genre(s):
Crime and Mystery,Thriller

Run Time:
108min.
 
Theatrical Release Date:
07/29/2011

DVD Release Date:
11/22/2011

Director(s):
Lee Tamahori

Starring:
Dominic Cooper , Ludivine Sagnier , Mimoun Oaissa , Raad Rawi , Philip Quast

Themes:
Assumed Identities,Twins and Lookalikes,Political Unrest

Language:
English

Properties:
VIDEO-
Length: 01:48:52
Decoder: mpeg2
Encoder: h.264
Frame Width x height: 720 x 368
Data rate: 886 kbps
Total bitrate: 9800 kbps
Frame rate: 23 frames/second
subtitle track 1, English
subtitle track 2, Espanol

AUDIO-
Decoder: English (AC3) (5.1 ch)
Encoder: faac
Bit Rate: 448 kbps
Channels: 2(stereo)
Audio sample rate: 48 khz


English & Spanish subtitles are available (on/off).
I recommend using VLC media player, then select subtitles track.
It can be downloaded free at this link:     
http://www.videolan.org/vlc

Please leave comments.
Please seed... at least upload as much as you downloaded!
Enjoy~ Bakura2