
"The Prayer" was nominated 2000 Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration With Vocals. "Sogno" was nominated for the 2000 Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.

There seems to be no end to the market for Latin tenors who inhabit the peculiar world most often termed "crossover." The well-known "Three Tenors" travel the boundaries between classical music, songs from their homelands and European pop songs frequently and with ease. The success of these artists is also being enjoyed by Bocelli, who was launched as a superstar in the United States in late 1997 by pledge-time showings of his television special on PBS. His then-current album ROMANZA shot up the charts, followed in short order by VIAGGIO ITALIANO (a mix of opera and traditional Italian songs in the manner of Mario Lanza or Enrico Caruso) and ARIA-THE OPERA ALBUM.

Now with SOGNO (Italian for "dream," pronounced "soh-nyo") Bocelli returns to the all-pop sound of ROMANZA. The program is entirely in Italian, with translations provided, and fans of the tenor need not fear disappointment. Duets with Celine Dion, Dulce Pontes, and Eros Ramazzotti are highlights, and Bocelli is in top form throughout. For those who've not yet made this singer's acquaintance, SOGNO makes an excellent introduction. Be warned, however, that it may induce cravings for his previous albums!

Repackaged In Australia To Celebrate His First Aussie Tour & His Performance At The Olympic Torch Ceremony.

Recorded at Clock Studio, Bologna, Italy and Forum Studio, Rome, Italy.

1-Andrea Bocelli –Canto Della Terra
2-Andrea Bocelli With Celine Dion –The Prayer
3-Andrea Bocelli –Sogno
4-Andrea Bocelli With Dulce Pontes –'O Mare E Tu
5-Andrea Bocelli –A Volte Il Cuore
6-Andrea Bocelli –Cantico
7-Andrea Bocelli –Mai Piu' Cosi' Lontano
8-Andrea Bocelli –Immenso
9-Andrea Bocelli With Eros Ramazzotti –Nel Cuore Lei
10-Andrea Bocelli –Tremo E T'Amo
11-Andrea Bocelli –I Love Rossini
12-Andrea Bocelli –Un Canto
13-Andrea Bocelli –Come Un Fiume Tu
14-Andrea Bocelli –A Mio Padre (6 Maggio 1992)