- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
FRINGE- SEASON 2 - Fox TV show H.264 .mp4 (file size = 420MB on average)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I took HD broadcast versions and converted them to H.264 MP4 files using Handbrake with a target size of 420 MB. The files have a suffix of .mp4 These episodes have video dimensions of 960 x 544 and look great on my 42 inch HDTV. They can be played on most all iPods, iPhones, iPads, Apple TVs or in iTunes but you may need to change the suffix from .mp4 to .m4v.

Since I converted these I figured why mot save you the trouble and share them. I haven't watched all the episodes but sampled 20% and found no problems.

As always, feedback is appreciated. If you see any problems please note them and I'll try to fix.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Season 3 of Fringe will follow AFTER I see good seeding on this torrent. PLEASE continue to seed so I can devote my bandwidth to uploading season 3.

There are no subtitles or alternate languages.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Season 2, Episode 1: A New Day in the Old Town
Original Air Date—17 September 2009
Olivia is in a car accident, an unusual person is looking for a member of the team, and Walter makes plans for celebrating Peter's birthday.

Season 2, Episode 2: Night of Desirable Objects
Original Air Date—24 September 2009
A highway construction worker in rural Pennsylvania goes missing when he is mysteriously drawn into an underground tunnel filled with human remains. Meanwhile, back in the lab, Walter is attempting to simulate travel between realities on frogs. When it's discovered that the disappearance in Pennsylvania is not an isolated incident, the Fringe team travels to the crime scene to dig up evidence.

Season 2, Episode 3: Fracture
Original Air Date—1 October 2009
Peter, Walter, Olivia and Broyles pursue a strange and deadly occurrence in Philadelphia where a bomb blew up inside a train station but left no trace of any explosive device. The perplexing and unexplained set of circumstances returns Walter to the lab to closely examine the human remains where he uncovers an unlikely energy source that triggered the explosion. With the explosive threat of more bombs and links to a classified military project, the intense investigation leads Olivia and Peter to Iraq.

Season 2, Episode 4: Momentum Deferred
Original Air Date—8 October 2009
Recuperating from the traumatic and alarming meeting with Massive Dynamic founder William Bell, Agent Dunham consumes a powerful "fringe" concoction that Dr. Bishop prescribes to stimulate her memory. Meanwhile, the Fringe Division investigates a series of robbery cases that are tied to shape-shifting. As clues are tracked and memories are jogged, another woman experimented on by Dr. Bishop is introduced and a flashback reveals more about Olivia's visit to the alternate reality.

Season 2, Episode 5: Dream Logic
Original Air Date—15 October 2009
The Fringe team travels cross-country to Seattle after learning of a mysterious incident involving a man who attacked his boss because he believed he was an evil ram-horned creature. As these puzzling occurrences continue, the team tirelessly explores strange and creepy links to dreams. In pursuit of additional information, Agent Broyles has a disconcerting meeting with enigmatic Massive Dynamic executive Nina Sharp that leads the investigation in an unthinkable direction.

Season 2, Episode 6: Earthling
Original Air Date—5 November 2009
Strange deaths by a mysterious shadow leads the Fringe Team to the scene where they learn that a Russian astronaut was possessed by an alien and his brother is convincing Dr. Bishop to solve the equation to free him.

Season 2, Episode 7: Of Human Action
Original Air Date—12 November 2009
When a kidnapping rapidly escalates into a hostage situation in New York, local authorities close in on the suspects only to discover a mysterious force with mind-blowing consequences. As the investigation intensifies, the mystery and threat deepen to unimaginable proportions when the Fringe Division connects a link between the kidnapping and Massive Dynamic.

Season 2, Episode 8: August
Original Air Date—19 November 2009
When a peculiar abduction occurs in Boston, the Fringe team uncovers details of the mysterious man known as The Observer. While the bizarre case takes center stage, Walter, Peter and Astrid hit the lab to analyze unusual evidence and deal with Walter's insatiable appetite for a milkshake.

Season 2, Episode 9: Snakehead
Original Air Date—3 December 2009
After a cargo ship runs aground, the shoreline becomes littered with bodies hosting a giant squid-like creature. The Fringe team descends upon the scene to examine the bodies and discovers that the mysterious organisms are actually giant parasites. As the investigation unfolds, Walter heads back to the lab while Olivia, Peter and Broyles race against time when they realize the case has ties to a threatening organization.

Season 2, Episode 10: Grey Matters
Original Air Date—10 December 2009
A Fringe investigation is triggered when a patient at a mental institution undergoes an impromptu brain surgery that unexpectedly leaves his brain exposed. Despite the unthinkable circumstances, the patient's condition and sanity miraculously improves before the Fringe team arrives. While Agent Dunham and Peter scan surveillance tapes (and Walter enjoys his pudding), Olivia recognizes a familiar face as Thomas Jerome Newton, the leader of the "shape-shifters." As similar cases stack up, the Fringe team heads back to the lab to determine exactly how patients are being cured. Walter's brains are put to the test and William Bell resurfaces.

Season 2, Episode 11: Unearthed
Original Air Date—11 January 2010
After a teenage girl is pronounced brain dead, her mother takes her off life support, but when doctors operate quickly to remove her organs, the deceased girl shockingly awakens screaming an alphanumeric code. Equally as perplexing as her resurrection is that she is now somehow able to speak Russian and possesses classified information only a high-ranking soldier would know. While the girl's mind-bending condition intensifies, Walter dusts off some old lab videos and hypothesizes the unthinkable, sending Olivia and Peter to investigate the bewildering case.

Season 2, Episode 12: Johari Window
Original Air Date—14 January 2010
Following an unexplained attack involving disfigured humans, the Fringe team visits Edina City, a small town in upstate New York, to uncover leads surrounding the bizarre case. When it's determined that these disfigured people have managed to hide themselves for a while and they'll do just about anything to keep it that way, the investigation takes an unexpected turn.

Season 2, Episode 13: What Lies Below
Original Air Date—21 January 2010
When a man enters an office in Boston for a meeting, he becomes disoriented and collapses, only to have his veins erupt and spray blood everywhere. Shortly after Olivia and Peter arrive at the scene to investigate the bizarre case, it's discovered that a lethal virus - with deep ties to something very valuable - is spreading, so the CDC moves in to quarantine the building and eradicate the pathogens. Isolated inside with the rest of the exposed office employees, Peter and Olivia face life-threatening circumstances, sending Walter, Broyles and Astrid on a frantic search for a solution to save them.

Season 2, Episode 14: The Bishop Revival
Original Air Date—28 January 2010
The Fringe team are puzzled when a specific group of guests are targeted at a wedding.As the investigation goes the team is at a loss as to how the toxin was delivered and targeted.As they gather evidence and taken back to the lab, it's discovered that the wedding ceremony was a testing ground for a weaponed science experiment. Adding to the intense lab investigation, Walter uncovers an alarming formula that reveals a link to a branch on the Bishop family tree. With the escalating threat of more deadly attacks and unexpected familial ties to the case, the Fringe team stops at nothing to prevent further catastrophic events.

Season 2, Episode 15: Jacksonville
Original Air Date—4 February 2010
After a violent tremor shakes a Manhattan office building to its core, leaving only one survivor who leads the Fringe Team to believe he is not from this reality. Walter surmises that what shook the building was not geologic, but rather something discovered by him and William Bell many years ago. With another catastrophe imminent, the team races to Jacksonville, the site of Walter and William's experiments, forcing Olivia to face her mysterious past in an effort to save hundreds of people from certain death.

Season 2, Episode 16: Peter
Original Air Date—1 April 2010
Walter flashes back to 1985 while explaining Peter's otherworldly origins to Olivia. Also, Peter's mother is introduced, and details of the neighboring world reaffirms that there is more than one of everything.


Season 2, Episode 17: Olivia. In the Lab. With the Revolver
Original Air Date—8 April 2010
When a perfectly healthy woman is found dead from a disease she never had, the Fringe team investigates the origin of this inexplicably fatal condition before it claims more innocent victims. Meanwhile, Olivia struggles to keep Walter's secret from Peter, and her loyalty to Peter is tested as time goes on.

Season 2, Episode 18: White Tulip
Original Air Date—15 April 2010
When passengers aboard a commuter train appear to have died a still death, it seems that a switch was flipped because all cell phones, mp3 players, laptops, batteries and bodies have been drained of power. As the Fringe team assembles at the bizarre crime scene, Peter remains suspicious that something is amiss with Walter, who is struggling to keep the unimaginable a secret. When the investigation leads them to Alistair Peck, a very powerful man who has tremendous energy with severe consequences, an ironic set of circumstances surface

Season 2, Episode 19: The Man from the Other Side
Original Air Date—22 April 2010
When two teenagers on a date turn up "dead" at an abandoned warehouse with the three puncture wounds to the soft palate - a trademark of the shape-shifters - the Fringe team investigates the evidence as well as the motives of mastermind Newton. Upon discovering a shape-shifting embryo, Walter returns to the lab to conduct further analysis, and Olivia and Peter head to Massive Dynamic for answers. Meanwhile, Peter reveals a family secret to Olivia as Walter struggles to recall what Newton knows about "building a door."

Season 2, Episode 20: Brown Betty
Original Air Date—29 April 2010
While Walter deals with some very upsetting news, he tells Olivia's niece, Ella, a fairy tale that includes musical performances by Olivia and Agent Broyles.

Season 2, Episode 21: Northwest Passage
Original Air Date—6 May 2010
Peter teams up with a local law enforcement official, Sheriff Mathis, on a serial murder investigation with ties to Newton. Meanwhile, Walter copes with the possibility of being sent back to St. Claire's, and someone from the "other side" pays a visit .

Season 2, Episode 22: Over There: Part 1
Original Air Date—13 May 2010
Walter and Olivia travel to the parallel universe, and the anticipated face-off between Walter Bishop and William Bell occurs.

Season 2, Episode 23: Over There: Part 2
Original Air Date—20 May 2010
Sacrifices will be made and both universes may never be the same again after Walter and Olivia visit the "other side."