 http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/longman-dictionary-contemporary/id316133247?mt=8
 
http://apptrackr.org/?act=viewapp&appid=316133247

Description
Longman's flagship learner’s dictionary, fully updated and now with integrated Thesaurus and Collocations Dictionary
──────────────────────

◂◂ iTunes Rewind 2009 & 2010
Best selling English dictionary in most markets around the world two years in a row!
- thanks ★★★★★

Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English (5th Edition)
- For Advanced Learners (LDOCE5) © 2009

Longman's flagship learner’s dictionary, fully updated in 2009, is now available as an iPhone/iPod touch application. Improve your fluency in English with the most up-to-date learner's dictionary at your fingertips.

Now with integrated Thesaurus and Collocations Dictionary.

Dictionary details:
● 230,000 words, phrases and meanings - more than any other learner's dictionary
● 165,000 examples based on real, natural English from the Longman Corpus Network show how English is really used
● Clear definitions written using only 2,000 common words.
● Most frequent 3,000 words in spoken & written English, highlighted to show which are the most important to know
● Register Notes focus on the differences between spoken and written English.
● The Academic Word List is highlighted to help you improve your essays and presentations.
● Grammar and warning notes ensure that you avoid the most common errors.
● Integrated Collocations Dictionary. Over 80,000 collocations will improve your fluency.
● Integrated Thesaurus. Over 20,000 synonyms, antonyms and related words will improve your vocabulary range.

♪ 77,000 pronunciation for all headwords in both UK and US accents.
PLUS
♪ 86,000 recorded example sentences (via external links due to size)
Over 19GB of audio online!

Making this the largest resource of English available on ANY mobile platform!

──────────────────────

Application Features:
● full content of the print dictionary
- PLUS additional collocations, synonyms & word histories
● complete front matter and additional resources
● unique three-way cross-referencing search
● real-time progressing look-up
● wildcard pattern searches -with * ?
● spelling suggestion dictionary included
● hyperlinking directly to meanings & appendices
● search on idioms and phrasal verbs
● support for search from other applications
● OS-independent app localization
● "Retina Display" support
● bookmarks with folders and editable notations
● automatic history listing
● complete offline use (except for sentence sounds)

──────────────────────

The ultimate learner's resource of the English language for use anywhere and anytime.

Copyright:
Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English, Fifth Edition (LDOCE5)
© Pearson Education Limited 2009
What's new in Version 3.5.4
❖ full-screen iPad native support:
● with unique "two-thumb" lookup UI
　—this will take a while to get used to, but you will soon prefer it over the keyboard. Just compare using it standing up.
❖ Grammatical Patterns now in the search indexes.
❖ adds "Larger font" setting for iPad.

3.6 changes:
● Adds "Always open to Search" and "Load Clipboard" settings.
● returns support for iOS 3.1.3.
● better handling of example sentence sound downloads in bad networks.
● new button layout for iPads make for easier holding while searching.

Please share....Dont hit and run...SEEEED it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)	