1 How Do -Carpenter 2:41 
2 Trouble in the Fields -Griffith, West 3:58 
3 The Cheat With the Ace of Hearts -Doctorow 5:23 
4 Ghost in This House -Prestwood 4:07 
5 Lonely Highway -Goessling 3:39 
6 The Real Me -Botwin, Cash 4:31 
7 Hiding Out in Plain Sight -Doctorow 3:03 
8 Mexico Road -Goldstein 3:32

Caroline Doctorow’s career boasts seven folk/Americana albums and a reputation for delivering a song with a velveteen voice. She has established herself as a leading force i on the folk music scene.
Her albums appear regularly on the top of the folk music radio airplay charts. Ms. Doctorow has just appeared at The Guthrie Center and New Bedford Summerfest this season to standing room crowds and rave reviews. She can be heard on the PBS special “Freedom-The History of Us” narrated by Katie Couric. Nanci Griffith and John Sebastian appear on her current release “Another Country” a retrospective of the songs of Richard and Mimi Fariña, produced by Pete Kennedy. Ms. Doctorow tours the east coast with her band “The Steamroller and co-hosts the syndicated folk radio show The Songtrails Radio Hour.

For several years now the live music and indie recording scenes in the New York area have blossomed. One artist who has helped define both scenes is folk singer and songwriter Caroline Doctorow. Through seven albums that seamlessly mix originals and covers, Doctorow has become a favorite of folk and college DJ’s across the country. Her voice has been called wondrous, velveteen and one of those pure clear voices that is captivating no matter what she sings. 

Caroline cites her main influence to be the folk singers and songwriters of the 1960′s. Her newest release “Another Country” was produced by Pete Kennedy and is a retrospective of the songs of folk icons Richard and Mimi Farina. This record boasts several stellar musical guests including Nanci Griffith, John Sebastian, The Kennedys, Eric Weissberg, and Happy Traum. 

Over the years Doctorow’s back up bands have been comprised of several acoustic music luminaries such as Cindy Cashdollar, Eric Weissberg, Barbara Lamb, and Barry Mitterhoff to name several. Her version of Bob Dylans “One Too Many Mornings” released on Paradiddle Records reached number 13 on the folk charts in 2006. She also covered Dylan’s “I Want You” on the critically acclaimed album “Carmel Valley Ride” (produced by Frank Carillo) which became a hit on college radio in 2003. In 2006 she was nominated by WIVK Knoxville for a HEMI award in the “Future Female Artist” category. She appears on the forthcoming Nanci Griffith tribute album “Trouble in the Fields”. Her singing can be heard on the PBS series “Freedom A History of Us” narrated by Katie Couric, as well as on several film soundtracks and several indie releases. She tours regionally with her folk band.



cd ripped by EAC

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2011/04/05/caroline-doctorow/