Title: Crime and Punishment (BBC miniserie in 2 parts)
Year: 2002 
Country: UK
Language: English
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 200 min
Resolution: 656 X 368
Bitrates: 128kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
Directed by: Julian Jarrold
Starring:
John Simm – Raskolnikov
Ian McDiarmid – Porfiri
Kate Ashfield – Dunia
Lara Belmont - Sonia Marmeladovna
Shaun Dingwall – Razumíkhin
David Haig – Lujin
Nigel Terry – Svidrigailov

IMDB Rate: 7.4/10

IMDB Link:        
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0307734/

Synopis: This acclaimed BBC adaptation of Crime and Punishment remains faithful to Fyodor Dostoevsky's classic novel. Set in St Petersburg in the second half of the 19th century, the psychological thriller tells of a desperate young murderer caught in a web of his own guilt. Rodya Raskolnikov is a poverty-stricken student living among the fetid alleyways and crumbling tenements of St Petersburg. Intense and highly intelligent, Raskolnikov believes he is among a class of men destined for greatness and as such is permitted to breach 'normal' moral values. He decides to test his courage and integrity by killing a pawnbroker, a mean old woman whom he is sure nobody will miss. The murder, however, only serves to draw Raskolnikov into a nightmare world in which he is dogged by guilt, paranoia and alienation. Faced with the wily investigator Porfiry, who sets up a complex series of traps, encounters and onversations, can Raskolnikov escape his own conscience or the seemingly inevitable punishment?


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ					
