Henryk Szaro was a theater director and screenwriter and also fond of adapting important oeuvres of Polish literature; due to his Jew heritage (he also directed films in Yiddish), he died at the Warsaw ghetto.

"Mocny Czlowiek" was one of those adaptations that Szaro liked so much; this time the film was based in a controversial novel by the Polish author Stanislaw Przybyszewsky, known as "the discoverer of the human naked soul", a literary reflection that it is not exclusive of that time or country. This can be seen in the plot of the film that depicts the story of Henryk Bieleck ( performed by the Russian actor Herr Gregori Chmara ) who is a mediocre journalist that, dreaming of fame and glory, doesn't hesitate to lead his ill friend Jerzy Gorski, a writer, to death in order to appropriate his unknown manuscript. It's the perfect way to achieve success without effort for Bielecki.

The film is very interesting for many reasons. The first one it is the present importance of the story, that is to say, the pursuit of fame and glory without, if possible, by the sweat of the brow (about this, the aristocracy are experts in the subject). It is a common subject in those silent times and even more in this longhaired times. Hypocrisy and immorality is present to such an extent that the main character doesn't care if he finally achieves what he wants. That's not to mention that his wife, Lucja, shares more or less the same opinion, in spite of the fact that she discovers the fraud. She only wants that her lover will love her until the end of times. Problems appear precisely when Bielecki falls in love with Nina, a beautiful and idle woman, and that will ignite the wrath of Lucja. It is an interesting reflection, certainly, on the humanity and the sense of justice that only appears when one's is cuckolded… In its technical aspects, "Mocny Czlowiek" its a remarkable film, using a vigorous film narrative (camera movements or dissolves and over impression shots) for the developing of the story. What struck this German Count is the editing of the film by Szaro, thrilling images and dramatic intensity that ends Bielecki's farce in the farce of a theater, in what it is a curious and bizarre première.

   General
      Complete name : Mocny czlowiek.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 1.07 GiB
      Duration : 1h 17mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 969 Kbps
      Writing application : FairUse Wizard - http://fairusewizard.com
      Writing library : The best and REALLY easy backup tool
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 17mn
      Bit rate : 1 735 Kbps
      Width : 688 pixels
      Height : 512 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 25.000 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.197
      Stream size : 967 MiB (88%)
      Writing library : XviD 1.2.1 (UTC 2008-12-04)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : AC-3
      Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
      Codec ID : 2000
      Duration : 1h 17mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 224 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Channel positions : L R
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Stream size : 125 MiB (11%)
      Alignment : Split accross interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0794314/

Silent with Polish intertitles; English, French, German, Spanish and Portuguese subtitles

My rip

Henryk Szaro - Mocny Czlowiek aka A Strong Man (1929)