General Information
Book........................Death in the City of Light
Author.....................David King
Narrator..................Paul Michael
Genre......................True story of a brutal serial killer
File Information
Source.....................2 Audible -DRM protected (Digital Rights Management) Files
Encoder................... Fraunhofer[FhG] using dBpoweramp
Converted to...........32 KBit/s CBR / 22,050 Hz / Mono
No.of MP3 Files......14 Files of one Hour duration (or thereabouts)
Total Size................189 MB
Total Runtime.........13 Hours 54 Mins
Tweaked by….........OldScotsman
Date.......................... 14-October-2011

About The Book
Death in the City of Light is the gripping, true story of a brutal serial killer who unleashed his own reign of terror in Nazi-Occupied Paris. As decapitated heads and dismembered body parts surfaced in the Seine, Commissaire Georges-Victor Massu, head of the Brigade Criminelle, was tasked with tracking down the elusive murderer in a twilight world of Gestapo, gangsters, resistance fighters, pimps, prostitutes, spies, and other shadowy figures of the Parisian underworld.
The main suspect was Dr. Marcel Petiot, a handsome, charming physician with remarkable charisma. He was the “People’s Doctor,” known for his many acts of kindness and generosity, not least in providing free medical care for the poor. Petiot, however, would soon be charged with twenty-seven murders, though authorities suspected the total was considerably higher, perhaps even as many as 150.
Who was being slaughtered, and why? Was Petiot a sexual sadist, as the press suggested, killing for thrills? Was he allied with the Gestapo, or, on the contrary, the French Resistance? Or did he work for no one other than himself? Trying to solve the many mysteries of the case, Massu would unravel a plot of unspeakable deviousness.
When Petiot was finally arrested, the French police hoped for answers.
But the trial soon became a circus. Attempting to try all twenty-seven cases at once, the prosecution stumbled in its marathon cross-examinations, and Petiot, enjoying the spotlight, responded with astonishing ease. His attorney, René Floriot, a rising star in the world of criminal defense, also effectively, if aggressively, countered the charges. Soon, despite a team of prosecuting attorneys, dozens of witnesses, and over one ton of evidence, Petiot’s brilliance and wit threatened to win the day.
Drawing extensively on many new sources, including the massive, classified French police file on Dr. Petiot, Death in the City of Light is a brilliant evocation of Nazi-Occupied Paris and a harrowing exploration of murder, betrayal, and evil of staggering proportions.


About The Author
A Fulbright Scholar with a master's degree from Cambridge University, King taught European history at the University of Kentucky before becoming a full-time writer. His books have been read widely by everyone from university students to the President of the United States. He lives in Lexington, Kentucky with his wife and children.


About The Reader
Paul Michael (August 15, 1927 – July 8, 2011) was an American actor best known for his role as TJ, the hapless boss of a burger bar in children's television show 'Spatz'. He was a regular guest star on American television appearing in Kojak, Hill Street Blues, Alias, Gilmore Girls and Frasier among others. He played a cop in the Hollywood movie Batman.
He also played King Johnny Romano on Dark Shadows. He was best known for his connections to the Robert Langdon series of novels by Dan Brown, having narrated the American release audiobooks for both The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol, as well as the 2006 docu-drama Opus Dei Unveiled, focusing on the primary antagonist group featured in Da Vinci Code.
Michael was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He began singing at a young age in school productions. He served as a sergeant in the Army in the South Pacific during World War II. 


Enjoy and Seed!!