Driver Reviver has one of the largest driver database compared to all competing PC driver update software. It has over 10 million driver files from over 56,000 device vendors. It can provide drivers that are compatible with all Windows operating systems and for nearly 50 different device brands including Dell, Alienware, HP, Sony and BenQ. We have reviewed this product a few times and are pleased to name them our TopTenREVIEWS Gold Award winner yet again.

This driver updater’s scan was able to find 18 out of 21 of our dated drivers, which is above average scan results. The scan results related which versions we had installed and installation date as well as the suggested new driver version numbers. They keep driver files uncorrupted and safe by only retrieving drivers from OEMs and they have a feedback system in place so troubled drivers can be reported and fixed immediately.

Features:
Driver Reviver has all the tools necessary to back up and restore your drivers. It does not have a scan scheduler, but there are a few scan options, such as scan at start up. The scan produces comprehensive results such as driver version and dates, device type, provider and driver file size. Similar to competing software it also has a graph that ranks the drivers age from old to ancient. Since many of our Intel drivers where from 2006, it marked them as ancient. A rating of ancient means they recommend that you update your driver soon.

Scan Results:
This driver updater software found 86 percent of the outdated drivers we tested for, including Intel, Dell and Nvidia drivers. The scan only missed three Intel drivers that many of its competitors also missed. Since most driver updaters offer similar features and report to be able to fix and update all outdated drivers, we had to really put them to the test to find out which ones really could perform as well as they say they do on their websites. We tested Driver Reviver for 21 outdated drivers out of 65 system drivers and it only missed three, which is actually quite good. We also compared their scan results to the scan results of Windows, Intel and Nvidia to see if it would offer us similar version numbers and we discovered that they can offer you the latest drivers.

Driver Support:
Driver Reviver has access to over 10 million driver files and software updates for 56,000 vendors. They post their driver list on their website, and we noticed that they have system drivers for nearly 50 computer types including Dell, HP, Compaq, NEC, LG and ASUS. The drivers are compatible with Windows 2000, XP, Vista and Windows 7 operating systems.

Security:
On the Driver Reviver website they relate that they only use OEM drivers that they directly download from the original equipment manufacturer's website to their driver library. All files are scanned for malware before they are offered to their customers. We spoke with them on the phone about how they keep driver files safe and uncorrupted. Firstly they only use OEM driver files and they take those files and directly load them to their own library so they can ensure that you will not experience a bad link problem. Secondly, they have implemented a feedback or reporting feature, so if you have a bad experience with a driver or question a driver’s integrity you can report this to Driver Reviver and they will look into to issue immediately. Their privacy policy does relate that they use a third-party payment gateway for securing credit card transactions and that they store personally identifiable information on secured servers.

Help & Support:
Driver Reviver reports on their website that they respond to support requests within two hours. However, we sent them two emails and never received answers to our questions. We did receive one response 10 days after our original email, and that email referred us to a different department that never answered our questions either.

Though we found their email support unresponsive, they do post quite a bit of information online, including their driver list. The driver list includes version numbers, version dates and which operating systems drivers work with. ReviverSoft also hosts a blog and an active user forum.

Summary:
Driver Reviver provides easy-to-use driver backup and restore tools and produces extraordinary scan results. Additionally, they have one of the largest databases of safe driver files available. We recommend that you try their driver scan and see the results for yourself, with Driver Reviver you can have your PC running fast and smooth within minutes.


Read the ReadMe file and enjoy, please seed after downloading.