
Nugus Martin Productions has accumulated probably the best collection of rare and unseen footage of World War II in the world. By using the very latest colorization techniques it is now possible to show the full story of World War II as it has never been fully seen before. With the very latest satellite delivered terrain mapping and state of the art graphics this story can now be told with the very latest access to information which was not previously available to other older series.

Conventional wisdom has recently changed as more and more secrets have been revealed particularly in the last five to ten years as documents, files and photographs have been released. Code breaking revelations, and newly released government papers on both sides of the Atlantic have added a very insightful new dimension to the understanding of this the worlds' greatest ever conflict. Narrated by English actor Robert Powell, WORLD WAR II IN HD COLOUR is a vivid, in-depth experience that provides viewers with new insights and information.

Also Known As: World War II in Colour and HD

Colourisation and Restoration : Westwing Studios Inc.
Executive Producer : Matthew Barrett

Nugus/Martin Productions (2009)



Episode 11 : The Island War

Since December 1941, a vicious war against Japan was being waged in the Pacific. The Japanese were driven back across the ocean, island by island, in savage hand to hand fighting. American dominance at sea was finally established in "The Great Marianas Turkey Shoot", when radar gave the US Navy advance warning of a huge Japanese attack and the last vestiges of Japanese naval air power were destroyed. But this film also looks at the war in the jungles, in places like Burma, where new specialist fighting units - like Orde Wingate's Chindits - slowly pushed back the Japanese despite horrific conditions.


Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2016 kbps
Video Resolution: 608x352
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.727:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 51:27.720
Number Of Parts: 13
Part Size: 855,058,432 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08