 http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0912001/

1280 x 696 at 2600k video bitrate, 256k audio 23.976fps 2:07:24 runtime

English subtitles template included as are Russian subtitles 

- converted from an 8.34GB 720p HDTV ENG-RUS torrent source - 
Spaceba for the superfast torrent download (14mbps average combined torrent
download speed) - although that's a huge filesize for many I would thing - 
who I hope will be happier to spread the joy with our 2.55GB version for more
to share! That speed would go a longer way here too!

If I could point to one still outstanding issue with the management of the
movie industry it would be the sheer arrogance in holding back formats from
movie constituents that they are insane to be doing. Bloody well so insanely
arbitrary and high handed an approach as to render them neanderthal in the 
business of making decisions on community cultural property - as I submit
these great productions from the past have in fact been - based on merit that
has since "gone with the wind" over to some "equal rights activist" that is
mainly space-robotic-techno video game based in silly and neurotic exotic
inclinations on what are now matters of taste as they see them still.
Such people should lose their right to govern in this industry.

Note: As I write this note, we do not have movies such as "The Remains of
the Day" "Tootsie" "Victor Victoria 1982" " Tin Men - Danny Devito"  
"White Mischief - Greta Scacchi" "Inherit the wind" "The Last days of Disco"
"The House of Games" and many more movies are being held back from being
made available in the standard formats of today (bluray 720p 1080p etc)
for no other reason than there is no accountability for rip off and Scrooge
like approaches to marketing and stewardship decisions here on making
the available quality available - to benefit all concerned. What
have they to legitimately lose or be scared of in doing so? Thank goodness
for HDTV and the torrent facility we have instead - just as well the movie
industry do without the revenues as long as we can get the product - if they
are too inane to care about doing the right thing for those that want that disc
- even from the video rental store at a couple of dollars a pop. It certainly 
justifies a reasonably sized torrent in the interim and forever more - amen!
Torrents are a legitimate way to meet these sorts of balancing needs in a fair
society I say! 

Michael Rizzo Chessman - moviesbyrizzo

This is a great movie from the master screen-playwright - Pullitzer
prize Laureate Mr. David Mamet and co-starring his lovely wife along
the way, Ms. Lindsay Crouse as the caring and principled Nurse Ms. Kaitlin
Costello. The late Mr. Paul Newman turns in a masterful and brilliant 
performance - one of the best ever in movie making history. Mamet also
gave us "House of Games" which starred Lindsay Crouse in similar fashion
with lovely beauty that is in her spirit.

The wicked Doctor Towler et al deserved to receive the stiffest sanctions
for their cruel misdeeds in the movie plot and life generally that have this
mindset and this movie does the right thing to expose this genre for what is
a complete absence of an idea of integrity in how they treat others in their
space of control. Its not what they do as much as the obvious venomous attitude
that is the problem I suggest. Enjoy the show - I cant believe how much
nicer a 720p is even on my wide screen computer display compared to standard
480p etc. Get yourself a nice bluray/DivX HD disc player if you haven't as yet -
its worth the hundred I assure you, and I hope the old DVD formats will disappear
altogether given the huge difference in quality that truly is worth paying for
once more!






















