
        http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennium_(Backstreet_Boys_album)


            Backstreet Boys Millennium 2011 Remastered 320 Kbps


 
01. Larger Than Life 

02. I Want It That Way 

03. Show Me The Meaning Of Being Lonely 

04. It's Gotta Be You 

05. I Need You Tonight 

06. Don't Want You Back 

07. Don't Wanna Lose You Now 

08. The One 

09. Back To Your Heart 

10. Spanish Eyes 

11. No One Else Comes Close 

12. The Perfect Fan 




Product Details

Audio CD (May 18, 1999) 
Original Release Date: May 18, 1999 
Number of Discs: 1 
Format: Enhanced 
Label: Jive 
ASIN: B00000IOOE 



Duration: 46:02




Bitrate: 320 kbps 
Channels: stereo
Samplerate: 44100
Encoder: LAME 3.82
CRC: yes
Copyright: no
Private: no
Original: yes	

01. Larger Than Life This is a great song...if you are a fan of the Boys. 
If you aren't skip it. Or if you aren't a big fan but dig the beat, 
then buy the single version (it has the instrumental version). 
But I have to say, as a fan of theirs it's nice to have five guys sing a song for me. 
And the 11 other million girls out there. And 15 guys. And 36 adults.

02. I Want It That Way This track, by far, is the best on the album. 
By that, I mean that if all the people in the world had to agree on one track
off the album as their favorite, this would be it. The music is perfect not a ballad, 
but not too fast-paced either. The lyrics are even better. 
If you haven't hear it (yeah right!), the Boys are singing about a relationship 
that just isn't working out.
And it is not confusing, contrary to what E. Weekly and R. 
Stone say. But for those slow-witted critics, 
here's a quick explanation: "You are my fire, the one desire..." 
The first lines are obvious in their meaning. "But we are two worlds apart..." 
I'm sure we've all felt that way before. Now for the somewhat strange chorus. 
"Tell me why?/Ain't nothin' but a heartache/Tell me why?/Ain't nothin' but a mistake...
" What that means is, I think, that we're asking our (ex)partner why it isn't working out. 
And the reply is...well, just listen. Then---"Am I your fire? Your one desire? Yes I know, it's too late...
" So say you put yourself on the line by syaing that ---is your fire, etc.
So you want to know how they feel before you write them out of your life forever. 
Then there's that part "now I can see that we've fallen apart...no matter 
the distance I want you to know...you are my fire, the one desire...
" And the song goes on from there. See? Not so hard to comprehed.

03. Show Me The Meaning Of Being Lonely This is basically a very sad song about being lonely. 
Kudos to Max Martin and the late Herbert Crichlow for a great song, 
despite some confusing lyrics here and there. The Boys voices really shine here. 
As they do in I Want It That Way.

04. It's Gotta Be You I suppose they had to include some pop-flavor. 
Think Backstreet's Back, I Want You Back, and funky lyrics mixed up together, and you have the song.

05. I Need You Tonight A great song, produced and written by Shania Twain's hubby, 
and sung by Nick Carter, the Boys with the famed high-pitched voice. 
But he does alright here, and the piano sounds even better.

06. Don't Want You Back This is a tribute to all ex-girlfriends and those who used the 
Boys because they were famous/rich. An awesome track, 
and will probably be released in the summer of '00.

07. Don't Wanna Lose You Now. A nice, sad, love song.

08. The One A nice, spacey, but somehow dance/rock beat. 
The chorus may sound a bit egotisitical, but the the Boys pass it off with their 
voices as being somehow endearing.

09. Back To your Heart A beautiful love song, cowritten by one of the Boys. 
You want her back? Forget NSYNC, just play this.

10. Spanish Eyes Also kind of confusing, but a nice ballad.

11. No One Else Comes Close This is a truly wonderful ballad, 
perfect for married couples. Trust me.

12. The Perfect Fan The Boys love their girls (fans), 
but mama come's first. This is a perfect ending. 







 
http://www.metacafe.com/watch/sy-1121358953/backstreet_boys_larger_than_life_official_music_video/




