Whatever can I say? no nfo ofcourse, well here\'s the article and I will find some info myself.
 
http://www.ps3news.com/forums/ps3-online-news/killzone-3-ps3-leaks-torrent-sites-two-weeks-before-release-117855.html

Languages:

Chinese
Danish
Dutch
English (American)
English (British)
Finnish
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Russian
Spanish (Latin America)
Spanish (Spain)
Swedish
Turkish

Title: Killzone.3
Platform: PS3
Retail Date: 25 Feb 2011
Release Date: 13 Feb 2011
Source: EUR
Usage: Copy to GAMEZ folder on JB PS3 HDD...Play
Link: http://www.tothegame.com/ps3-10398-killzone-3-for-sony-playstation-3.html
Notes: P2P Wins Again
Shoutz: _bubba (source) MIRSUPER (supply)


Players will be tasked with utilizing a host of new weapons and vehicles in the battle for human survival. Helghast variety is now greater than ever, with players facing jetpack troopers as well as enemies wielding weapons of mass destruction. Killzone 3 thoroughly explores the planet Helghan, showcasing a wide breadth of destructible environments and stunningly detailed scenery. Additionally, players will be tasked with utilizing a host of new weapons and vehicles in the war to stop the Helghast. Featuring an extensive single-player campaign and thrilling multi-player mode, Killzone 3 delivers a host of new gameplay elements and an intense storyline that will once again drive gamers to join the ranks of the ISA and fight the Helghast.

Continuing from Killzone 2, players find Emperor Visari, the viscious dictator of the Helghast, dead at the feet of Sev and Rico. However this war is far from won. In the wake of Visari\'s death, Helghan has devolved into a world of political scheming, rapid infighting, and murder. Now, the two most powerful men on Helghan are fighting for complete and utter dominance while Visari\'s vision of Helghan is in jeopardy. With limited supplies and no re-enforcements, the ISA must now fight not to win a war, but to survive a lost one.

\"Hollywood-style\" production value with action-focused narrative that mirrors the \"David vs. Goliath\" theme
Much bigger environments throughout the game, including nuclear wastelands, alien jungles, and arctic vistas. Levels are up to 10 times the size of those in Killzone 2
Fully enhanced game engine, with new optimized data streaming systems that will load texture and music content seamlessly
New brutal melee system with a number of varied attacks
Control an arsenal of advanced weaponry, such as the Wasp missile launcher, in addition to trusty classics like the M82-G assault rifle
Face off against new breeds of fearsome Helghast enemies that wield a variety of new weapons and abilities
Vehicle gameplay is greatly increased, with players able to do battle from Intruders, using jet packs, and accessing a number of land-based vehicle options
Killzone 3 will support full stereoscopic 3D gameplay compatibility
Overall improved accessibility including better controls as well as much more varied Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)
Raising the bar graphically by incorporating texture and mesh streaming throughout the game
Killzone 3 utilizes the HDR audio system, allowing the game to dynamically focus the audio depth of field. Players will hear effects in context, making the action much more up close and personal and well as immersive. 
