Electric Light Orchestra - Secret Messages [promo].VOB



HQ very rare promo music video. "Secret Messages" is a song recorded by Electric Light Orchestra and is the title track (and opening track) of the 1983 album Secret Messages.

Secret Messages is an album by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1983. It would be the final ELO album to feature bassist Kelly Groucutt, who left the band shortly after its release.

Louis Clark returned to conduct the strings once more and violinist Mik Kaminski appeared on an ELO recording for the first time since 1977's Out of the Blue, playing a violin solo on the track "Rock 'n' Roll Is King." On completion of this album Jeff Lynne dismissed bassist Kelly Groucutt. Groucutt later sued for alleged lost royalties and received a settlement out of court.

The song starts off with strange effects and backmasked voices (saying "welcome to the show") then a burst of morse code spelling out E.L.O. before the song properly kicks in, something Jeff Lynne also did 10 years earlier on "Ocean Breakup/King of the Universe" from On the Third Day. The song and album were recorded very much tongue in cheek with Jeff Lynne's love of hidden messages in songs.

The single peaked at 48 in the UK Singles Chart and at #14 in the Irish Singles Chart.

Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) were a British rock group from Birmingham, who released eleven studio albums between 1971 and 1986 and another album in 2001. ELO were formed to accommodate Roy Wood and Jeff Lynne's desire to create modern rock and pop songs with classical overtones. After Wood's departure following the band's debut record, Lynne wrote and arranged all of the group's original compositions and produced every album.
(video has a white "vh1 classic" logo at the bottom right)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secret_Messages_(song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/NadIhaaDE 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 5618kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 448kbps
   Duration: 00:03:29




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
