WILD BILL DAVISON  PRETTY WILD and WITH STRINGS ATTACHED
Label: Arbor Records 9Original Label:Columbia)
Release :2000
Format:Flac



Wild Bill Davison did not always front a go-for-broke Dixieland band playing his cornet above a high-octane rhythm section. Arbors Records has reissued two albums featuring Davison with strings. Pretty Wild and With Strings Attached, originally recorded in 1956 and 1957, reveal a lyrical, reflective Davison playing ballads and slow to medium tempo standards. This other side of Wild Bill Davison, a very attractive one, adds dimension to his reputation.
On Pretty Wild Davison plays with a jazz quartet and the Percy Faith Strings. The second album, With Strings Attached, features Davison with a session orchestra and a jazz sextet with a notable line-up that includes Bob Wilber on clarinet and Barry Gailbraith on guitar.
Davison is in good form throughout the two sessions, obviously inspired by the settings. Those who are familiar with Davison mainly through his famous Commodore recordings may be a bit surprised by the lush, clear ballad tone that Davison casually sustains. At times, he dips into a growly blues that diverges from the sweet tone of the strings, but for the most part he plays with a graceful assurance in synch with the arrangers’ ambitions.

Tracklist:

Pretty Wild


1.Mandy, Make Up Your Mind;
2.Black Butterfly;
3.If I Had You;
4.Just a Gigolo;
5.Blue Again;
6.When Your Lover Has Gone;
7.Sugar;
8.Sweet and Lovely;
9.Rockin' Chair;
10.She's Funny That Way;
11.I Don't Stand a Ghost of a Chance With You;
12.Wild Man Blues;

With Strings Atached


13.Love Is Here to Stay;
14.Blue (and Broken Hearted);
15.It's The Talk of the Town;
16.Mournin' Blues;
17.Prelude to a Kiss;
18.Sentimental Journey;
19.You Turned the Tables on Me;
20.My Inspiration;
21.Now That You're Gone;
22.Limehouse Blues;
23.Moanin' Low;
24.Serenade in Blue.


Personnel:

On the first session –
 
Percy Faith and His Strings; Gene Schroeder, piano; Art Ryerson, guitar; Frank Carroll, bass; Bobby Rosengarden, drums.

On the second session –

 With Strings Attached Orchestra; Cutty Cutshall, trombone; Bob Wilber, clarinet; Gene Schroeder, piano; Barry Gailbraith, guitar; Jack Lesberg, bass; and Don Lamond, drums. Wild Bill Davison plays cornet on all tracks. 


