The Texas Shootout is a very unique type of album that was released in 1996 on Elite Records. Some might classify this record as a compilation but it is truly much more than just that. It is constructed with six bona fide lyricists whom all represent out of Houston, TX. The banging production is provided by Noel "The Chief" Aleman and it easily exceeds expectations. Each track is made with exquisite precision and is filled with many notable instruments. These are some top quality rhythms and they can only be described as that genuine hardcore sound which had surrounded the city of Houston in the mid ninety's. Now with that being said, the album is divided into four parts. Each part is assigned to an artist and each of them delivers four tracks a piece. The record begins with a bonus group track and then splits into its' appropriate sections. Leading the charge is a group called Critical Madnez. It is a duo made up of two females who are under the aliases, Critical and Madnez. Their style is very exclusive and it should not be taken lightly. Both of them excel on the mic and their rhymes are equally rough. They can certainly hold their own and are responsible for tracks two through five. Madnez also chips in as a back up vocalist on different tracks for other members. Next up is Snipe, who is also known as "Da Funky 1/2 Breed." He rips tracks six through nine and spits them at a sensible rate. He also possesses a solid vocabulary and is not afraid to use it. Snipe's performance on the record is definitely one of the ones that stand out. Following after that is the roguish duo known as Infrared. It consists of Grinch and Ginx. Their assault on the mic is dreadfully ruthless and harsh. They abundantly trade verses and provide tracks ten through thirteen. The final artist to contribute is Wood, who later became a member of the infamous Half Dead Organization. As always, he does not disappoint on the microphone. His raw tongue twisting rhymes are present and are clearly cold blooded. Wood concludes the album with tracks fourteen through seventeen. He executed them in such a superb manner that it is certainly worthy of mentioning. Overall the record is a complete hidden gem and it is put together very immensely. Each artist conveyed a solid presentation which in turn made it a necessity to own. The album ended up being out of print mostly because of the record label shutting down over financial issues. Also members Snipe, Infrared and Critical Madnez later became members of the group called, "Aggravated."

1.The Texas Shootout
2.Fried Out
3.Sumthin' Sumthin'
4.Strugglin'
5.Revolver
6.Aztec Eyez
7.Sights Of Da Sniper
8.Southern Roughness
9.Can't Get Away
10.The Grinch (Rotten To The Core)
11.Red Dot
12.5.56 (World Of Smoke)
13.Deathlocks
14.Straight From Tha Wood
15.Wood's Philosophy
16.R.I.P. (Rest In Peace)
17.Ready Or Not