Corel® VideoStudio® Pro X4 is the powerful, creative and easy way to take your video footage from shoot to show—fast. Quickly load, organize and trim SD or HD video clips. Cut together your production from templates and get creative with effects, music, titles, transitions and more. Explore new Stop Motion Animation and Time-Lapse tools, then export to 3D! It’s everything you need for professional-quality video editing.

 

Features:

- Stop Motion Animation – create your own animated movie starring people, toys or objects 
- Flexible workspace – drag to resize and move panels, even across two monitors 
- Time-Lapse Effect – easily and quickly create time-lapse sequences from photos or videos 
- Advanced editing – have fun making movies with quick access to professional editing tools 
- Export in 3D – turn your 2D video into a 3D movie 
- Easy HD sharing – author and burn HD movies directly to DVD and Blu-ray Disc™ 
- Online sharing – upload movies directly to YouTube™, Vimeo®, Flickr®, Facebook® and other websites 


What's New
Power, speed and creativity in video editing is what VideoStudio Pro X4 is all about. Combining outstanding performance with amazing new creative options, in a workspace that's even easier to use, VideoStudio Pro X4 is your number one choice when you want to make great-looking movies fast.

Here are some of the most exciting new features in this release:

New! Stop Motion Animation
Create your own animated movie featuring people, toys, clay figures or any object. The VideoStudio® Pro X4 Stop Motion module is the ideal video and animation play-place for kids and adults alike!

Features

A faster way to edit video
1-2-3 interface
Start creating movies and slideshows faster with the simple interface.

Instant Projects
Work from professional templates to make Hollywood-style movies.

Enhanced! Library
Instantly find your movie elements in the streamlined navigation panel.

Enhanced! Hardware acceleration
Save time, and edit and render faster with support for new high-performance hardware, including 2nd generation Intel® Core™ and AMD processors, plus multi-core and GPU optimization.

Smart Proxy
Make movies faster by editing at a low resolution, then rendering in HD.
Unique effects for amazing video
New! Stop Motion Animation
Have fun making animated movies starring people, toys or objects.

New! Time-Lapse effect
Accelerate your footage to create unique time-lapse effects.

New! Export in 3D
Turn your 2D video into a 3D movie, then watch it with you free 3D glasses (included).

Brilliant creative effects
Express your creative vision with exciting real-time effects.

Custom music
Customize your soundtrack with royalty-free music from SmartSound® or add your own tunes.

Chroma Key
Shoot your subjects in front of one background, then place them in any other setting for a classic movie trick.

Painting Creator
Apply painting, drawing or writing to your movie for unique results.
Your complete video-editing package
Easy HD capture
Quickly find and load standard- or high-definition video from your camera or phone.

Multi-Trim Video
Easily remove unwanted parts of your video in one simple step to showcase your favorite footage.

Advanced editing
Have fun making movies with quick access to professional video-editing tools.

HD Import
Work with HD video in leading formats, including AVCHD™ and HDV™.

Smart Proxy
Edit HD faster—even on mid-range PCs—by working at a lower resolution, then rendering in HD.

Easy HD Sharing
Author and burn HD movies directly to DVD and Blu-ray Disc™.
Share and show anywhere
Online
Upload movies directly to YouTube™, Vimeo®, Flickr®, Facebook® and other websites.

Devices
Share your movies on iPad®, iPhone®, PSP® and other mobile devices.

Disc
Create pro-quality DVDs and Blu-ray™ discs with menus, titles and transitions with integrated DVD and Blu-ray Disc™ authoring and burning.

Portable projects
Use Smart Package—now with WinZip® technology—to bundle your project files so you can work on them on another PC.


System Requirements : 

Microsoft® Windows® 7, Windows Vista® or Windows® XP with latest service packs installed (32-bit or 64-bit editions) 
Intel® Core™ Duo 1.83 GHz, AMD Dual-Core 2.0 GHz or higher recommended 
1 GB RAM (2 GB or higher recommended) 
128 MB VGA VRAM or higher (256 MB or higher recommended) 
3 GB of free hard drive space 
Minimum display resolution: 1024 x 768 
Windows®-compatible sound card 
Windows®-compatible DVD-ROM drive for installation 
Recordable Blu-ray™ drive required for creating Blu-ray™ discs 
Internet connection required for online features and tutorial videos 
Input/Output Device Support:
1394 FireWire® cards for use with DV/D8/HDV™ camcorders 
Support for OHCI Compliant IEEE-1394 
USB Video Class (UVC) DV cameras 
Analog capture cards for analog camcorders (VFW WDM support for Windows XP and Broadcast Driver Architecture support for Windows Vista and Windows 7) 
Analog and Digital TV capture devices (Broadcast Driver Architecture support) 
USB capture devices: Web cameras and disc/memory/hard drive camcorders 
Windows®-compatible Blu-ray™, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, DVD-RAM or CD-R/RW drive 
Apple® iPhone®, iPad®, iPod classic® with video, iPod touch®, Sony® PlayStation Portable®, Pocket PC, smartphones 
Input Format Support:
Video: AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, AVCHD™, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, DV, HDV™, DivX®, QuickTime®, RealVideo®, Windows Media® Format, MOD (JVC® MOD File Format), M2TS, M2T, TOD, 3GPP, 3GPP2 
Audio: Dolby® Digital Stereo, Dolby® Digital 5.1, MP3, MPA, WAV, QuickTime, Windows Media® Audio 
Images: BMP, CLP, CUR, EPS, FAX, FPX, GIF, ICO, IFF, IMG, J2K, JP2, JPC, JPG, PCD, PCT, PCX, PIC, PNG, PSD, PSPImage, PXR, RAS, RAW, SCT, SHG, TGA, TIF, UFO, UFP, WMF 
Disc: DVD, Video CD (VCD), Super Video CD (SVCD) 
Output Format Support:
Video: AVI, MPEG-2, AVCHD, MPEG-4, H.264, BDMV, HDV, QuickTime, RealVideo, Windows Media Format, 3GPP, 3GPP2, FLV 
Audio: Dolby Digital Stereo, Dolby Digital 5.1, MPA, WAV, QuickTime, Windows Media Audio, Ogg Vorbis 
Images: BMP, JPG 
Disc: DVD (DVD-Video/DVD-R/AVCHD), Blu-ray Disc™ (BDMV) 
Media: CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, DVD-R Dual Layer, DVD+R Double Layer, BD-R/RE 


nfo is included and has been a bit changed with more details of the soft but however the original content has been fully conserved NP !

This is the full DVD retail multilangual and keygen is included...

Please,use fast up speed for this torrent and if you like it help and seed with me with the others as long as you can thus asap !
ty for understanding
remember : slow upload may get slow download...
Minimum 30-50 ko/s up speed is suggested if you want to have maximum chance to download and finish this torrent
I saw peers giving upload without be able to download and vis versa...
Beware and set all rightly ! 
Ty for your personal interest
Enjoy and have fun
regards