Land Girls is a British television period drama series, first broadcast on BBC One on 7 September 2009. 

 


Land Girls was commissioned by the BBC to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of World War Two. The programme was BBC Daytime's first commission of a period drama. 

Land Girls was filmed in and around the city of Birmingham. 

The first series features Summer Strallen, Christine Bottomley, Jo Woodcock and Becci Gemmell as four different girls doing their bit for Britain in the Women's Land Army during the War. Land Girls won the "Best Daytime Programme" at the 2010 Broadcast Awards and in that same year the BBC announced that it had commissioned a second series, comprising five episodes. Woodcock and Gemmell reprised their roles as Bea and Joyce and Seline Hizli made her debut as new girl, Connie Carter. The second series began airing from 17 January 2011 and two months later BBC Daytime Controller, Liam Keelan, renewed Land Girls for a third series.

Series 1 - 5 Episodes
Series 2 - 5 Episodes
Series 3 - Not yet gone to Air


Land Girls is set in the English countryside during World War Two. Four different girls arrive at the Hoxley Estate to begin their new working lives at the Pasture Farm owned by Frederick Finch (Mark Benton) and the opulent manor occupied by Lord (Nathaniel Parker) and Lady Hoxley (Sophie Ward). The girls, Nancy Morrell (Summer Strallen), Joyce Fisher (Becci Gemmell), Bea Holloway (Jo Woodcock) and Annie Barratt (Christine Bottomley), have joined the Women's Land Army for very different reasons, but they all share the same goal – to help serve their country and to help win the war. Nancy is forced into joining the Women's Land Army, when female conscription begins. Joyce wants to serve her country, just like her husband is doing. Annie signs herself and her younger sister, Bea, up, so they can escape their abusive father. As the girls adapt to their new surroundings and begin the hard work, their lives begin to change. Six months later, Bea is married to Billy (Liam Boyle) and Joyce is still working at the farm. The brash Connie Carter (Seline Hizli) arrives to do her duty and American industrialist, Jack Gillespie (Clive Wood), comes to the Hoxley Estate on business.