Description
Edit your home video with AVS Video Editor. Edit all key video formats. Open and edit HD- and Blu-ray videos. Split, join, rotate, stabilize your video and correct colors. Apply over 300 video effects/transitions. Add various menu styles. Burn movies on to DVD/Blu-ray discs. Share your newly made videos on the Internet directly from AVS Video Editor interface.

Manage Various Video Formats 
AVS Video Editor supports all key video formats. Edit & save video files in AVI, VOB, MP4, DVD, WMV, 3GP, MOV, MKV, H.263/H.264 codecs, etc. See a full list of supported video formats 

Edit Your Video with Fantasy 
Trim, cut, split, merge, rotate and mix videos with AVS Video Editor . Select between 300 innovative video effects and transitions. Insert menus, audio, text comments and subtitles. Stabilize video camera shaky recordings. 

Speed Up HD-Videos Editing 
Manage AVI HD, WMV HD, TOD, AVCHD, MOD, MTS/M2TS, etc. with AVS Video Editor . Due to the integrated video cache technology, HD-video editing becomes faster. 

Process Blu-Ray Videos 
Open and edit your Blu-ray videos with AVS Video Editor . Apply effects and add specially designed menus. Add audio, video and images to your videos. Save files in any key video format. Or burn videos on to Blu-ray discs. 

Capture Your Video 
Transfer video from DV-, web- or VHS-cameras and save video on hard drive or burn DVD discs. Or record media files from your PC screen and create video guides, training videos or demos. 

Share Your Video 
Upload newly made video files to all popular video hostings such as Facebook, Flickr, MySpace, etc., directly from AVS Video Editor interface. 

Multilingual Support 
AVS Video Editor interface and tech-support are available in English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Japanese and Dutch. 


Platforms:  
Windows 7, XP, 2003, Vista (no Mac OS/Linux support)

Minimum System Requirements
Processor:  Intel / AMD compatible at 2500 MHz or higher 
RAM:  1 GB or higher 
Sound:  Windows compatible sound card 
Display:  32-bit color depth 
CD recorder:  for importing from CD 
DVD recorder:  for importing from DVD and creating Video DVD 
Video capture device:  required for capturing 
Windows Media Player 11 or higher for WMV video playback 
DirectX:  Microsoft DirectX 9.0c or later 
Administrative permissions for program installation and activation 
Internet connection to activate

Windows 7 Recommended System Requirements

Processor:  Intel / AMD compatible at 3 GHz single core/1.8 GHz dual core 
RAM:  1.5 GB or higher 
Video:  Windows 7 compatible video card 
Sound:  Windows 7 compatible sound card 

Note: System requirements may differ depending on the Windows 7 version installed and increase when Windows Aero interface is enabled. 


Install Instructions:-
1. Run the setup file to install the software
2. Close the application
3. Extract the Crack (RAR file) using WinRar or similar
4. Paste the Crack in the install directory C:\\Program Files\\AVS4YOU\\AVSVideoEditor)
5. Start the software, it is activated now.