Music : Rock : Lossless






Paul McCartney & Wings - Red Rose Speedway (1973)(EMI Japan)(WV / WavPack Image (uncut) / LP-Vinyl Rip 32bit / 96kHz)(HQ Artwork Scans Included)



Year: 1973

Label: EMI, Japan (EPS-80234)

Country Manufacturer: Japan

Audiocodec: WavPack

Type: Image + .cue

Record Format: 32/96

Distribution Format: 32/96

Duration: 42:15 / 9 Tracks



Unfortunately the set-up information in unknown although I think it is save to say that whoever put this much effort into uploading will use the best tools for the job...









Red Rose Speedway is the second album by Paul McCartney & Wings, officially credited to "Paul McCartney & Wings" upon its 1973 release, after the relatively weak commercial performance of the band's debut Wild Life, which had been credited only to the then-unknown Wings. The album reached #1 on the Billboard 200. As of 2010, the album is currently available on the iTunes store but out of print in the compact disc format, but a remaster from Hear Music is expected sometime in 2012.


In early 1972, McCartney decided to expand Wings to a five-piece band, by adding an additional guitarist, and to begin touring with the group. The group spent many months on the road across Europe, beginning with a tour of British universities, and continuing in the summer in bigger European venues - where Paul and wife Linda McCartney would encounter their first of several marijuana busts over the ensuing years. Both tours were bookended by Red Rose Speedway's long string of studio sessions, which started that March in Los Angeles and finished in London that October.

Despite not releasing an album in 1972, the first year of his professional career that McCartney had failed to do so, Wings managed to release three singles: "Give Ireland Back to the Irish" which was banned by the BBC for political reasons; an updated rendition of the nursery rhyme "Mary Had a Little Lamb;" and "Hi, Hi, Hi" which was banned by the BBC for alleged sexual references and backed with "C Moon" on the b-side. Consistent with the practice of the early Beatles, none of those songs were included on the album.

Red Rose Speedway was initially planned as a double album, and Paul McCartney decided to include some unreleased songs that had originally been recorded during the Ram sessions, prior to the formation of Wings. Two of those songs, "Get On the Right Thing" and "Little Lamb Dragonfly," eventually appeared on the final album, which was held up a further six months before appearing as a single record. It featured a 12-page booklet stapled into the gatefold featuring pictures from the Wings tours. Its cover design - with the cover shot by Linda McCartney - was by Eduardo Paolozzi, while the back cover of the album contains a Braille message of "We love ya baby" for Stevie Wonder.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Rose_Speedway











Tracklist:

Side 1

01. Big Barn Bed (3:48)
02. My Love (4:07)
03. Get on the Right Thing (4:17)
04. One More Kiss (2:28)
05. Little Lamb Dragonfly (6:20)



Side 2:

06. Single Pigeon (1:52)
07. When the Night (3:38)
08. Loup (1st Indian on the Moon) (4:23)
09. Medley: Hold Me Tight/Lazy Dynamite/Hands of Love/Power Cut (11:14)

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Rose_Speedway










ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!
