Includes:
2001 The High Life
2003 Invisible Empire
2005 Feast or Famine
2005 Juju Mob - Black Candles
2008 A Vicious Cycle
2008 The Stress Files
2010 Fight Music
AOTP features
Snowgoons features

Reason:
Reef is still very much active in the Philly underground. I made this as a tribute and to promote, who I believe, is the best rapper out there; Reef the Lost Cauze. DOWNLOAD THIS AND JUDGE FOR YOURSELF! I only ask that if you like it, please support this artist!  

Note:
This is not all of Reef's features. Adding every Reef feature ever is beyond the scope of this "discography". Instead I have limited it to Snowgoons and AOTP features and ofcourse the solo albums. If anything within this scope is missing, please tell me.
 
Biography:
Reef started battling other rappers in high school and earned a reputation as one of the best battle emcees in Philadelphia. He received a film scholarship to the University of the Arts where he began to visualize a serious career as a recording artist. Realizing his true calling, Reef dropped out of college at the age of 19 and teamed up with Philadelphia-based producer Sleep E to begin working on his first solo project. The 10 track album, The High Life, was released in 2001 and opened doors for Reef as he began performing at area clubs and generating praise from both fans and local media.
In February 2003, Reef released his second solo album, Invisible Empire. He distributed the album himself by way of a national schedule of shows during which he won the Mic Check Battle in Philadelphia and took second place in the Blaze Freestyle Battle in Oakland, California.
Reef took his freestyle skills to another level early in 2004 with a rousing performance at the Beat Society production competition in New York, and a fierce win in the Riddle Records Mic Control Battle. He was also the End Of The Weak (EOW) Challenge Champion at the Rock Steady Crew 27th Anniversary in July 2004, and went on to take the EOW Grand Championship title in 2005. Mindful of his stunning battle prowess, Reef places a determined emphasis on balance with his songwriting and performance abilities.
Feast Or Famine, Reef's third solo album, was released in 2005 to critical acclaim. Also in 2005, Reef was a member of The JuJu Mob whose debut album, Black Candles, was led by fellow Army of the Pharaohs rapper Chief Kamachi. The debut album from Army of the Pharaohs entitled The Torture Papers, was released in 2006 and featured two songs with Reef as a featured member.
Reef kicked off 2007 as the featured artist on the song "Never", the lead single by Snowgoons; a German-based production team. The Snowgoons' album, German Lugers, was released February 27 on Babygrande Records. The single and its accompanying video can be heard and seen on Reef's myspace page.
A Vicious Cycle, Reef's follow-up to Feast Or Famine, was released digitally on November 4, 2008 with a physical street date of November 18, 2008 through independent upstart Well Done Entertainment Corporation in association with his imprint, Fuck You Pay Me Records. The album includes guest appearances by Termanology, King Magnetic, Eternia, Taragirl & Scandal of 40D. Additionally, the online version of the album includes remixes of "Listen To Me" & "Get It? Got It? Good" by Brooklyn producer J.J. Brown.
Reef also has a cameo in the new Frank Henenlotter film Bad Biology produced and co-written by R.A. the Rugged Man.
History-making moment: In 2009, Reef became the first and only independent Hip Hop artist to have ever had a song debut as the coveted theme on ESPN's Monday Night Football. The song: 2005's "Sound of Philadelphia" featuring production by King Magnetic. The game: Philadelphia Eagles v. Dallas Cowboys.
Reef teamed up with the production team of Guns-n-Butter to produce the 13-track album "Fight Music" released June 8, 2010. The album features Kool G. Rap, Vinnie Paz (of Jedi Mind Tricks), R.A. the Rugged Man, Big Noyd, Slaine (of La Coka 
Nostra), King Magnetic, Akir, K-Beta, Bloodsport and Burke the Jurke.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reef_the_Lost_Cauze

TAGS: Hip-Hop, Rap, Underground, Horrorcore, Snowgoons, Reef, Juju Mob, AOTP

BAYIMG: http://bayimg.com/dAhJNAADk