WinAce - because sometimes, size does matter...

When you want to compress your files, you should be looking for a tool that offers excellent performance in three categories: 
compression ratio
compression speed
ease-of-use


A compression tool that crunches the last free bit from your data, but takes twice to ten times longer for compressing and - even worse - for extracting your data probably will not work for you - or your customers. 

On the other hand, a compression tool that deflates your files as quick as lightning but leaves a lot of "air" in the compressed file will not take you far either. 	

Click on screenshot to zoom in


So you are most likely looking for a versatile tool that 
blends both compression speed and power in an intuitive interface 
gives you quick and convenient access to your archives during your everyday work 
but also allows you to use all the extra features for professional file distribution
- like password protection, disk-spanning archives or the possibility to create self-extracting archives? 


Well, look no further. We would like to invite you to take a closer look at WinAce, the new companion for your archiving needs.

WinAce features

WinAce is not just another archiving shell. With it's own powerful compression format ACE and built-in support for other popular compression types like ZIP, RAR and MS-CAB (to name a few), WinAce could actually become the only archiver you need. 

The feature list of WinAce includes: 
compression of the following formats: ACE, ZIP, LHA, MS-CAB, JAVA JAR 
decompression of: ACE, ZIP, LHA, MS-CAB, RAR, ARC, ARJ, GZip, TAR, ZOO, JAR 
multi-volume (disk spanning) archives for ACE, ZIP, CAB 
self-extracting archives (SFX) for ACE and ZIP 
password encryption & recovery records for data protection 
Integrity check for ACE, ZIP, LHA, MS-CAB, RAR, ARC, ARJ, GZip, TAR, ZOO, JAR 
Repair functionality for ACE and ZIP archives 
Authenticity verification for ACE archives 
comment files in HTML, ANSI or ASCII for ACE- and ZIP-Archives 
full command line access (compatible with DOS ACE) 
detailed information for all archive types 
Quickviewer for graphic files, Word Documents, HTML pages and ASCII files 
full drag&drop support 
complete file-management (copying, moving and deleting of files and directories) 
optimization of existing archives 
access to your archives in Windows Explorer and via the context menu (shell extension) 
table of contents in the "Properties" panel of ACE and ZIP files (shell extension) 
... and so much more!

Title:	WinAce 2.69
Filename:	wace269i.exe
File size:	3.86MB (4,042,444 bytes)
Requirements:	Windows (All Versions)