Steve Wilde - Transfusion (CD 2011) - Jazz/World/Fusion - MP3/192Kbps

The debut release featuring 13 original instrumental songs, all written, programmed and performed by Steve Wilde.

This work was completed between February and October of 2011 and was mostly produced solely using Rolands flagship workstation, the Fantom G8.

The styles vary from track to track and features many mood and rhythmic changes. Influences range from Steely Dan to Howard Jones, Mike Oldfield to Miles Davis.

Please download this, please post any feedback or comments and enjoy.

Quote from Youtube...

"Hello,

I have just completed mixing and mastering my first and hopefully annual CD/download!

It is called 'Transfusion' and the title reflects my experiences over the past few years as i have been slowly reprogramming myself to better cope with todays less compassionate world. It is also a play on words﻿ about the styles of music presented within. 

It contains 13 original tracks, all composed, performed and programmed by me. It is completely instrumental and somewhat eclectic, however I am excited about the running order as it has framed each song nicely and maintained an overall theme

Many of the﻿ songs have appeared on the Youtube page in earlier versions, hence the V numbers after many of the titles there, though I have spent considerable time tidying them up, fixing fades & intros, etc and I have also made some alterations to bring each of them closer to my visions.

I would like to thank each and every viewer of my Youtube page as they are the ones that have continued to keep the momentum in my work, it is for them that ultimately this work is dedicated to.

So, until my next post and news of my plans beyond this project, please do what you can to keep yours and others negative emotions at bay, serve others and other sentient beings and if you cannot, please refrain from harming them.

Peace, Namaste.

Steve"

Track Listing:- 
1. Easily Said
2. Your Last Goodbye
3. Coming Back to Life (Real Song)
4. Never Ever
5. Stars
6. Holdontoyou
7. Path to Joy
8. This is Your Life
9. Miles Apart
10. Europa
11. Unlimited
12. Watch You Go
13. Magic Wave

Artwork to follow.
