Nero Burning ROM v.11.0.10500 (x32/x64/ML) - Silent Installation

Nero Burning ROM - advanced and reliable software designed for burning and copying a CD, DVD and Blu-ray. The annex contains additional features that go beyond simple copying functions, for example by using SecurDisc technology can provide the most protection and readability of the data. This is the only program that requires you to save your file and provide access to them.

Write to multiple drives
Easily burn CDs on the largest files.
Save time with Nero DiscSpan, if you want to split large files and burn them on several disks. Write on one type of drive different content - music, photos, video and data.

Burn the disc longevity
Create discs that will last a long time.
The experts, who first implemented the technology to burn, constantly improve their decisions. Only burn in Nero SecurDisc 3.0 application with the scanning surface of the disk ensures readability, regardless of scratches, age and wear, so that your content will be stored for a long time to drive safe and sound. Scanning a SecurDisc increases the reliability of the recorded optical discs.

Copy your audio CDs
Rip music from CDs to your PC.
Move music from your CDs on your PC in one touch. Easily create playlists or collections of their favorite songs directly to your computer.

Scanning a SecurDisc
Reliability burning optical discs are guaranteed by the experts.
Thanks to the SecurDisc, such as the Surface Scan, you can not just burn discs, but also to ensure the reliability of this record. Scanning the surface is activated for each burning, so you can see right in front of record in the acceptability of the disc.

Create and burn disc images
Drag and drop content to create disk images in different formats.
Use ImageRecorder to create a disk image files by simply dragging and dropping content to burn such formats as: ISO, NRG, CUE, and IMG. Virtual burner professionally creates a copy of the data for a quick backup to a CD, DVD and Blu-ray.

Copying a disc
Make perfect copies in a few clicks.
When copying music or video, you can easily create a backup copy of your favorite musical audio CDs and movies for playback or providing friends. Quickly and easily copy music to compact discs and HD-movies on disc Blu-ray.

New in version:

Imports from Nero MediaBrowser
Explore the files in the Windows Explorer interface
Support MP3 VBR save dialog audio tracks
Scanning a SecurDisc - scan disk after burning to check the recording quality
Automatic division of the disks DiscSpan for all types of projects UDF

Changes / fixes:
When burning data discs titled "writing files" file names do not appear
Improved layout of the graphical user interface for some language
Improved graphical user interface translation for some languages
Improved definition of compatibility with BDMV files and folders that were added to BDMV projects

--Burn long lasting discs - Exclusive Nero SecurDisc 3.0 burning helps ensure disc readability regardless of scratches, age and deterioration.
--Span multiple discs - With Nero DiscSpan, you can split oversized files and burn them to the number of required discs at one time.
--Rip audio - Easily create playlists or CD mixes of your favorite tunes right on your computer for instant playback.
--Disc Surface Scan - Go beyond just burning with more SecurDisc features such as surface scan, which offers additional reliability of burned optical discs.
--Disc copy - Copy music to CDs and even HD movies to Blu-ray Disc quickly and easily.

--Burn disc longevity - Exclusive burn using Nero SecurDisc 3.0 provides a readable disks even if they scratch their physical obsolescence and depreciation.
--Record to multiple drives - With Nero DiscSpan can be divided into large files and burn them on several disks.
--Copy a disc with audio - Easily create playlists or collections of their favorite songs directly to your computer.
--Check the disc surface - With the power of SecurDisc, such as checking the disk surface, you can not just burn discs, but also to ensure the reliability of this record.
--Copy a disc - Copy music easily on the CD-ROMs, as well as HD-movies on disc Blu-ray.

OS: Windows
Language: ML / RUS
Size: 257.05 MB


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1300+ torrents                                                                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	