Important game for Saracens. They need a victory to give them home advantage in the play-off semi's.

Full match with English commentary.

James Simpson-Daniel returns to the Gloucester line-up after a ten-week absence for Sunday's Aviva Premiership showdown with Saracens. A win for Saracens will secure the hosts a home semi-final.But they face a side whose win over Northampton earlier in the week leaves them just five points behind Saracens and still with their own hopes of securing a home play-off match - setting up what should be a thrilling clash.Also back for Gloucester is Scotland international second row Jim Hamilton.

It's been well documented that Gloucester are facing their third fixture in eight days and, predictably and necessarily, Head Coach Bryan Redpath makes changes after the hard fought midweek win over Northampton.
Tom Voyce gets a rare outing at full-back with Simpson-Daniel returning on the wing. Henry Trinder is back in the centre while Freddie Burns and Dave Lewis team up in the axis pairing. The front row of Alasdair Dickinson, Scott Lawson and Rupert Harden that acquitted themselves so well at Leicester Tigers last weekend are back and it's a new-look second row in Will James and Hamilton. Only Alasdair Strokosch retains his place in the back row from Tuesday with Andy Hazell and Brett Deacon coming in with the former Tiger skippering.
Meanwhile, Saracens welcome back captain Steve Borthwick after missing last week with a shoulder injury. Scrum-half Neil de Kock also returns after a hamstring problem. The rest of the starting line-up is unchanged from last weekend's 33-12 win against Exeter Chiefs. The return of de Kock sees Richard Wigglesworth move to the bench while Rodd Penney is set to make his 100th appearance for the club after coming on to the bench for Adam Powell who misses out this week with a knee injury.

Form:Saracens only victory in their last nine encounters with Gloucester in all competitions was 19-16 at Vicarage Road in the Premiership on 27 September 2009. Gloucester have won on five of their last eight visits to Watford. Saracens are the form team in Aviva Premiership Rugby with eight successive victories since their 22-28 reversal at Sale on 2 January. This equals Sarries best ever run in the history of the Premiership. Gloucester host Northampton on Tuesday evening in a rearranged game, but are winless in their last three away matches.

The teams:

Saracens: 15 Alex Goode, 14 David Strettle, 13 Chris Wyles, 12 Brad Barritt, 11 James Short, 10 Owen Farrell, 9 Neil de Kock, 8 Ernst Joubert, 7 Jacques Burger, 6 Kelly Brown, 5 Mouritz Botha, 4 Steve Borthwick(c), 3 Carlos Nieto, 2 Schalk Brits, 1 Matt Stevens.
Replacements: 16 Jamie George, 17 Rhys Gill, 18 Petrus du Plessis, 19 Hugh Vyvyan, 20 Andy Saull, 21 Richard Wigglesworth, 22 Rodd Penney, 23 Noah Cato.

Gloucester: 15 Tom Voyce, 14 Charlie Sharples, 13 Henry Trinder, 12 Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu, 11 James Simpson-Daniel, 10 Freddie Burns, 9 Dave Lewis, 8 Brett Deacon (c) 7 Andy Hazell, 6 Alasdair Strokosch, 5 Jim Hamilton, 4 Will James, 3 Rupert Harden, 2 Scott Lawson, 1 Alasdair Dickinson.
Replacements: 16 Olivier Azam, 17 Nick Wood, 18 Paul Doran-Jones, 19 Alex Brown, 20 Luke Narraway, 21 Rory Lawson, 22 Ryan Mills, 23 Tim Molenaar.

Date: Sunday, April 24
Venue: Vicarage Road
Kick-off: 13.30 BST
Referee: Dave Pearson