DigitalSin - My Plaything Jenna Jameson 2 - It's A Boy.avi

Starring: Jenna Jameson

You are browsing the most advanced virtual sex simulator in the world! Highly advanced technology allows for the most realistic sexual encounter ever. Control Jennas every move with the push of a button. Make her talk Naughty or Nice, control the speed of her vibrator, pick your favorite position, switch camera angles, virtually touch various body parts through our new "Hands On" Virtual Interface, and finally make her reach earth shattering orgasms whenever you are ready! Realize your most intimate fantasies with My Plaything: Jenna Jameson. A new feature is Pleasure Center which allows the user to control the speed of a powerful vibrator with Jenna at their mercy.

After months in the making, from concept to completion, Digital Sin has once again pulled off the coup of the year! In 2001 Digital Sin raised the standard for all Interactive titles with the release of My Plaything Jenna Jameson. No other Interactive title could match all the features that Volume 1 had to offer... until now. Digital Sin and Jenna Jameson have teamed up once again to bring you the hottest release of 2002! Part II compliments the original and provides the experience that many have been clamoring for. Hot blistering sex with a huge cock! Make her talk nasty to get you hot then pick your favorite position to make her cum.

Without further ado, the biggest release on DVD since My Plaything Jenna Jameson Part 1. My Plaything Jenna Jameson Part II, offers over 3 hours of footage of the biggest name ever in the adult entertainment industry. One of the first Boy/Girl projects Jenna has done in years, and of course Digital Sin has the ability to make it happen. You asked for it. You got it! Real Cocks Real Orgasms! Unmatched interactivity with the world’s number 1 XXX star. If you liked the original you will love the sequel. The latest in programming technology offers unparalleled control if Jenna as she responds to your every command. The most advanced sex simulator in the world just got better. Sometimes dreams do come true... This one just did!  

Resolution:   576x320       

Duration:     aprox 03:00      
	
Size:	      1.36 Gb    

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-7E40_4D6A24CC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-1947_4D6A24CC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-5964_4D6A24CC.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-4714_4D6A24CC.html