As I sit here listening to the Ace of Spades album I can't help but say a few words even though another positive review of this classic album isn't at all necessary. 
You've undoubtedly heard of this album, own it or at least have heard the title track. Ace of Spades is the most popular and famous Motorhead album. It's their British Steel, Number of the Beast, Dark Side of the Moon, Agents of Fortune, etc, etc. And like those albums, it's very strong and very solid. It's not the best album Motorhead has done, nor is it the only one someone should buy. These guys continue to put out great stuff(look no further than 2004's Inferno for that). 
One of the best qualities of Motorhead is that there is no B.S. with these guys. They achieved their legendary status by simply being themselves and never having to compromise. Wanting to continue in the tradition of the original concepts of Rock and Roll music-music that is loud, wild, energetic, tough, dirty and bugs the hell out of parents-Motorhead have made it their mission to be the rowdiest, dirtiest and loudest rock band in the world. And they pull it off in....ahem....Spades. 
Motorhead hate being categorized as a heavy metal band. In many ways they are quite different than the metal bands of that time, but they do share the same intensity of those bands, even surpassing many of them. Because of it's volume and energy, it's quite easy to see why they earn this label. It is easier to think of them more as a very loud and energetic biker type rock band. The album cover pretty much sums up the sound of the band-Rough looking outlaw looking types who don't look like the kind of guys you wanna screw around with. 
Ace of Spades is a very good intro to the newcomer. Some disagree with me, but I really don't feel there are any filler songs on this album. It is a great starting point, but don't think it's the only great album they did.

by Stanley Runk

TRACKLIST:

01 - Ace Of Spades.wma                                                
02 - Love Me Like A Reptile.wma                                       
03 - Shoot You In The Back.wma                                        
04 - Live To Win.wma                                                  
05 - Fast And Loose.wma                                               
06 - (We Are) The Road Crew.wma                                       
07 - Fire, Fire.wma                                                   
08 - Jailbait.wma                                                     
09 - Dance.wma                                                        
10 - Bite The Bullet.wma                                              
11 - The Chase Is Better Than The Catch.wma                           
12 - The Hammer.wma                                                   
13 - Dirty Love (B-side 'Ace Of Spades' Single) (Bonus Track).wma     
14 - Ace Of Spades (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma            
15 - Love Me Like A Reptile (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma   
16 - Love Me Like A Reptile (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma   
17 - Shoot You In The Back (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma    
18 - Fast And Loose (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma           
19 - (We Are) The Road Crew (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma   
20 - Fire, Fire (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma               
21 - Jailbait (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma                 
22 - The Hammer (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma               
23 - Dirty Love (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma               
24 - Dirty Love (Alternative Version) (Bonus Track).wma

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO


FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!      