Alyson Noel - [The Immortals 01] - Evermore-viny


 'Evermore' is the first book in the series and is about sixteen year old Ever Bloom who is living with her Aunt after a terrible car crash that killed her parents and her younger sister Riley.  After surviving the crash which robbed her of her family, Ever discovers that she has the power to hear the thoughts of the people around her and see their auras.  She tries to block this out by hiding herself under hooded sweatshirts and having her ipod on at all times but she can't block out new guy Damen Auguste who she seems inexplicably drawn towards.  He's mysterious and enigmatic, dark and handsome and her feelings for him might just end up changing her life forever.

What an amazing start to the series - I'm really excited to see where Alyson Noel's going to go next with the story and how she's going to develop all the characters.  I liked Ever and I loved her sister Riley (who has her own spin-off series).  I enjoy it when books capture the sibling relationship so well and the scenes between the two of them were among some of my favourite moments in the book.  Having the ability to still see her sister is a gift for Ever but there's still a healthy dose of realism in that they still fight and bicker like any sisters do!  She also has great friends - Haven and Miles are interesting and rounded characters and their involvement in the story was well integrated and added some fun scenes to the book. 

Damen is an intriguing figure and although some information was revealed about his past, I'm looking forward to finding out more about his history and how he and Ever first originally met.  I was drawn to him and he certainly comes across as charismatic and charming but I'm hoping that there's also going to be more depth to his character.  He's got to be more than just a pretty face.    

I thought that Noel's idea of the afterlife and the place in between which she calls Summerland was well thought out and wonderfully written.  I hope that we'll get to find out more about the latter throughout the rest of the series.

I liked the fact that this wasn't your typical vampire-fare.  Certain things in the book hinted at that (a red drink; incredible speed; never getting ill) and led the reader in that direction but the big reveal was so much more interesting and has set things up perfectly for the next book in the series.  The paranormal romance genre is big at the moment and I am a huge fan of these kinds of books but sometimes they can be a bit too similar and formulaic.  I thought that 'Evermore' felt really fresh and original and had an exciting and engaging plot which kept me hooked until the final pages.  I'm desperate now to rejoin Ever, Damen and co and find out what's going to happen to them next. 