Smash.Up.The.Studio.Ultimate.RnB.Piano.Collection.MULTiFORMAT-DYNAMiCS
 
SUPPLiER: Team DYNAMiCS DiSKS: 44*15MB
 CRACKER: n/a DATE: December 2011
 PACKAGER: Team DYNAMiCS RELEASE#: DYNAMiCS-1816
 PROTECTION: n/a FORMAT: AiFF/Apple Loops/
 MiDi/WAV
  
http://www.smashupthestudio.com/ultim_rnb_piano_coll.html
 
RELEASE NOTES
 
Stunning RnB piano phrases, beautifully played with soul and feeling
 by a top session keyboardist. These fantastic chord progressions
 will give your tracks a higher level of quality and sophistication
 Perfect for producers of soulful RnB, modern RnB, HipHop and Pop
 
Smash Up The Studio gives you an opportunity to own this special
 edition consisting of their 3 most popular RnB piano packs at an
 amazing knockdown price. (normal price 60)
 
RnB Vibes: Piano
 Stunning RnB piano progressions. Beautifully played and constructed
 These are the kind of riffs you actually hear on top RnB tracks
 today!! Fantastic chords, professionally recorded in 24 bit audio
 these 4-8 bar loops are highly contemporary and also come with midi
 files!!
 
Club Grooves: Urban Piano
 A selection of superior quality piano loops. Inspirational and
 highly contemporary, this pack is designed for producers of modern
 R&B, Hip Hop and Pop, and focuses on the very latest styles heard
 on R&B hits today
 
Midi Keys Gold: Piano "RnB / Soul"
 Beautiful piano loops, played to perfection.... A superb selection
 of Midi piano loops in the style of RnB and Soul. These fantastic
 chords will give your tracks a higher level of quality and sophisti
 cation
 
This special edition collection also features all the original MIDI
 performances, untouched and un-quantised, straight from the artists
 fingertips for maximum soul and real feel. However, for those
 producers who prefer their keyboard loops rock solid and locked in
 with the beat we have also included quantised Midi loops for the
 more contemporary feel of modern RnB and Pop. Quantised Midi files
 have been programmed using a Logic A groove, which is the equiva
 lent of a standard straight 16. Those producers who really like to
 swing their drum grooves can adjust the swing factor of each indi
 vidual midi loop to fit the groove of the beat within their DAW
 This is just one example of the flexibility of Midi loops, which
 when combined with a high standard of performance make this
 collection stand out head and shoulders above other RnB piano sample
 packs
 
"Urban Piano" and "RnB Vibes: Piano" also come in 24 Bit Wav and
 Apple Loop formats as well as Midi and also with some of the other
 keyboard sounds and bonus beats heard in the "RnB Vibes" demo
 
Content:
 140 MIDI loops (original)
 140 MIDI loops (quantised)
 90 WAV loops 24 Bit
 90 Apple loops 24 Bit
 12 Bonus loops WAV 24 Bit
 
iNSTALL NOTES
 
1. Unpack
 2. Burn or mount
 3. Use
 GREETS
 

CoH&lt;CPH&gt;