Billed as the last in David Attenborough\'s series of Life nature documentaries, Life in Cold Blood leaves you hoping that proves not to be the case. For once more, as he has done many times in his distinguished career, Attenborough gently--and unobtrusively--delivers an utterly fascinating insight into the world in which we live. Life in Cold Blood looks at reptiles and amphibians, bringing into focus a series of creatures very much of all shapes and sizes. Across the episodes that make up the series, the filmmakers delve into the lives and mannerisms of its subjects with some quite stunning camera work, bringing to our screens things that have quite simply never been seen before. As much as perhaps we shouldn\'t take for granted the heights that Attenborough\'s work easily scales, Life in Cold Blood happily matches the standards of his earlier series. Often genuinely jaw-dropping, and never less than completely absorbing, the DVD set is rounded off with some equally intriguing bonus features that delve into the complex production of the program itself. If Life in Cold Blood really does bring the Life series to an end, then that\'s even more reason to cherish it. Regardless, this is an extraordinary series that\'ll make you look at snakes, frogs, crocodiles, and turtles in very different ways. Unmissable. --Simon Brew

Product Description
Written and presented by David Attenborough, Life in Cold Blood tells the epic story of the most enduringly successful animals ever to walk on land – reptiles and amphibians. The very latest technology enables extraordinary and previously unseen behavior to be captured in intimate detail, overturning the myth that cold blooded life is slow, solitary and primitive, and revealing these creatures to be as dramatic, social, sophisticated and passionate as warm blooded animals. As with Life in the Undergrowth, this series will change the audience\'s perceptions forever - giving them a new, warm-hearted relationship with Life in Cold Blood. With this series, David Attenborough completes his overview of life on the planet.