NVIDIA® PureVideo® HD Technology
NVIDIA® PureVideo® HD technology is the combination of high-definition video decode acceleration and post-processing that delivers unprecedented picture clarity, smooth video, accurate color, and precise image scaling for movies and video. PureVideo HD includes required content protection circuitry (HDCP) for playing the new Blu-ray and HD DVD movies at the highest quality possible, and is directly integrated with the leading HD movie software players. PureVideo HD delivers the ultimate high-definition movie experience on a PC.

Discrete, Programmable Video Processor
NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology is a discrete programmable processing core in certain NVIDIA GeForce GPUs that provides superb picture quality and ultra-smooth movies with low CPU utilization and power consumption.

Hardware Decode Acceleration
Provides ultra-smooth playback of H.264, VC-1, WMV and MPEG-2 HD and standard-definition movies with minimal CPU use.

Bit-stream Processing
Executes the reverse entropy decompression portion of H.264 decoding, freeing the CPU to do other tasks, such as recording television shows in the background.

HDCP Capable1
Meets the output protection management (HDCP) and security specifications of Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD formats, allowing playback of encrypted movie content on HDCP-compliant displays.

Advanced Spatial-Temporal De-Interlacing
Sharpens interlaced content on progressive displays, delivering a crisp, clear picture that rivals high-end home-theater systems.

High-Quality Scaling
Enlarges lower resolution movies and videos to HDTV resolutions, up to 1080i, while maintaining a clear image. Also provides downscaling of videos, while preserving image detail.

Inverse Telecine (3:2 & 2:2 Pulldown Correction)
Recovers original film images from films-converted-to-video (DVDs, 1080i HD content), providing more accurate movie playback and superior picture quality. Requires supported video software.

Bad Edit Correction
When videos are edited, the edits can disrupt the pulldown cadence. PureVideo technology uses advanced processing techniques to detect poor edits, recover the original content, and display improved picture detail frame after frame for smooth video.

Video Color Correction
Corrects differences in color characteristics of RGB and TV monitors, ensuring videos are not too dark, overly bright or washed out.

Integrated SD and HD TV Output
Supports Composite, S-Video, Component, DVI or HDMI output at resolutions up to 1080p, depending on connection type and TV capability.

Noise Reduction
Improves movie image quality by removing unwanted artifacts.

Edge Enhancement 
Sharpens movie images by providing higher contrast around lines and objects.

HD Movie Player Integration
NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology powers some of the world’s leading HD movie player software applications, providing the ultimate HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc movie experience.

Installation:
=============

1. Run Setup
2. Activate using information provided in .txt file
3. Say Thanks