Free NFS Screensavers Manager
 
http://bayimg.com/hAmANAAdb

Available languages: English
Supported OS: Windows XP/Vista/7

Description: Manage multiple screensavers downloaded at a computer.
Main options: It is possible to select a screensaver from the list of all installed screensavers, to preview it and adjust settings of it.
Order settings: The manager allows to show screensavers in sequential, random, reverse and alphabetic order.
Time settings: It is possible to select the following time settings:
show screensavers for infinite time, change once a day, change each run, change every N minutes.

Free NFS Screensavers Manager contains no spyware or adware. It's clearly free and absolutely safe to install and run.

Features:
One window, featuring all possible options and a playlist. No need in switching between windows.
Playlist. In front of each name of a screensaver there are two buttons : Settings and Preview of an exact screensaver.
Buttons All, NFS only, Playlist allow to show All installed screensavers, only NFS (by NewFreeScreensavers.com) and scrensavers included into a Playlist.
Improved search option, which allows to search for a screensaver in a playlist.
Tooltips help Screensavers manager users to work with the program.
Hot-keys. By clicking the Help button, a list of hot-keys will appear.
Sample screensavers. NFS Screensavers Manager contains three screensavers created by Newfreescreensavers.com as samle screensavers. These screensavers can be deleted (To learn How to delete a screensaver

How to Delete a screensaver :
- Click the Windows \"Start\" button and click the \"Control Panel.\"
- Click on \"Programs\" in the Control Panel and then click on \"Programs and Features.\" You will see a list of screensavers installed on your computer.
- Scroll through and click the screensaver you want to delete. Click \"Uninstall\" to remove it from your computer. 
Note that the screensavers that come with Windows, however, can\'t be removed.

Please Seed
Enjoy it !
