VMware Fusion 3.1.3 MacOSX

VMWare Fusion... Seamlessly run your favorite Windows applications and devices, on Mac. Built from the ground up for the Mac, VMware Fusion is the easiest way to switch to Mac, letting you bring all of your Windows applications with you, making the most of your Windows software investment, while providing the perfect safety blanket for the switch. Break Down the Walls Between Windows and Mac. With the powerful Unity feature, VMware Fusion seamlessly integrates your Windows applications with your Mac. Instantly launch Windows applications from any Mac file, the Dock, and more. Minimize Windows applications to the Dock and even quickly switch between Windows and Mac applications with Expose.

Safest Way to Run Windows on the Mac
VMware Fusion makes your Windows-on-Mac experience the safest possible with a suite of features to keep Windows safe and sound. From automated, timed snapshots, to embedded antivirus and antispyware software, VMware Fusion keeps Windows on your Mac sparkling.

Mac-like and User Friendly
Built from the ground up for Mac users, with an obsessive eye towards being a "good Mac citizen" VMware Fusion is the easiest, most Mac-friendly way to run Windows on the Mac. A Mac-first user interface ensures that users get the features they expect, like customizable tool bars, searchable Apple help, Boot Camp support, dock notification integration, and more.

Power to Burn
Based on the most advanced virtualization engine the world has ever known, the result of more than a decade of development, VMware Fusion brings all the power of VMware's enterprise-proven technology to the Mac.

Why Choose VMware Fusion?
Thanks to its superior power, flexibility, and pedigree, VMware Fusion is the right choice for anyone looking to get the most out of their Mac by running Windows applications side-by-side with Mac applications.

Requirements
Intel
Mac OS X 10.5.8 or later.
A copy of Windows (if you'll be installing Windows)

“
Version 3.1.3:

VMware Fusion 3.1.3 is a maintenance release that resolves some known issues and includes improved functionality. It is a free upgrade for all VMware Fusion 3.x users.

Highlights of VMware Fusion 3.1.3 include:
Microsoft Windows 7 Service Pack 1: Support for Windows 7 SP1 32-bit & 64-bit.
Ubuntu: Support for Ubuntu 10.10 and 11.04 32-bit & 64-bit.
Microsoft Office: Fixed a problem opening attachments in Outlook 2010.
Video: Updated Windows WDDM driver with stability improvements.
File access: Improved reliability accessing shared files on the Mac.
Internet: Fixed slow first page loading in Internet Explorer 8.
USB: Improved handling of smartphones including the Nokia N8. ”
