This is one of those films one saw as a child that always had an impact and once seen, is never forgotten. 

I waited years for this to be released on Video, but it never happened, and then we had to wait years again for it to come out on DVD, and now finally the wait is over! Unfortunately, (and it may be a surprise to many) this has not been re-mastered, which is a bit odd, since it is a classic and a much acclaimed British movie. Still, this does not detract from the gem that it is. 

Maurice Denham is simply charming as the 'gentle' Rector of a small village where his two wayward and motherless daughters come home from their schooling in France to become young women. Being the only man in the household surrounded by the weaker sex - except 'Uncle Fred' (played by Norman Bird who cannot be taken too seriously) has a difficult task in protecting his daughters and keeping them 'innocent' from the 'ways of the world'. 

The opening scenes to this movie are quite humorous with the traits and characteristics from the marvellous roles played by Kay Walsh and the great Fay Compton. 

Yvette (the most wayward of the two girls) is certainly 'feeling her feet' as a young woman (I knew the feeling myself when I was watching this as a much younger child!) and bored and frustrated by the quiet and 'uneventful' life at a country Rectory. As a consequence, she begins to 'fantasise' about a handsome gypsy whom she meets - quite by chance whilst out with some boring friends. These 'innocent' daydreams are reminiscent of what we all had at that tender age of adolescence, and one of the most romantic and exciting scenes is when the same gypsy turns up at the Rectory to sell his wares, and sees Yvette once again. He tells her to 'come Friday - I'll be there'. One can actually feel the thrill of this for Yvette - whilst she continues to daydream. 

The 'Friday scene' is played out beautifully with plenty of atmosphere. Franco Nero is certainly very dishy in this, but gets some stiff competition when Mrs. Fawcett (played delightfully by the fabulous Honor Blackman) enters with her charming and gorgeous boyfriend - Major Eastwood. (played by the late and extremely handsome Mark Burns) Nero also has a way when jumping down from the gypsy cart, that oozes sexual prowess that impresses the viewer. 

The 'climactic' ending to this tremendous picture is not to be missed! 

A British Gem!	