CafeSuite is the solution for your Internet cafe. Our software provides you with ameans to control the workstations, manage customer database, sell products and generate detailed reports and statistics.

CafeSuite is powerful Cyber Cafe management software that helps with managing customers and employees, controlling computers and printers, securing systems, accounting and billing. It simplifies and automates running your Internet Cafe business. Unlike many other competitive programs, CafeSuite is robust, quick, secure and very intuitive and easy to use. It doesn't matter how big your Internet cafe is - CafeSuite is capable of controlling any number of workstations. CafeSuite is designed to be a complete solution for Internet cafes and to make life easier for Internet cafe owners, operators and customers.

CafeStation a main program installed at the operator desk. It is used by operators to control all connected client workstations.

CafeAgent installed on all client workstations - it secures and locks the system, offers possibility to log in and out and shows session information.

The basic task of our software is to provide operators and customers with an accurate timing and billing information at any time. CafeSuite keeps customer accounts, so that customers can log in on their own using username and password, printed account ticket with a timecode or even a magnetic card. It is possible to set any pricing you might imagine including periodic discounts on specific days or times, traffic and group discounts, time bonuses or points system. The software keeps inventory of products and services and supports POS devices such as receipt printers, barcode scanners and vending machines. Other important features include reservations, print control, remote screen and instant recovery of disk partitions. The software generates various statistics, which give detailed information about business performance. All transactions and actions are recorded into a database and can be viewed through multiple reports. Reports can also be delivered by e-mail.

Plus much more.

System Requirements:
Windows 95/98/Me,2000/XP/2003/Vista/Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)

Program is full version 100% working and tested.
Virus Scanned
Installation Instructions Included.