Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:           
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:            
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:           
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8t40e3dq7p0amyfu3wyt0knuxh    cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qvgfp7rmqtees7idve4j6gfapif   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?n4trv6w1gnvt62v68jfcuu22pgqn  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?purcyj3sozt5loxrprwxab045a5u  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?4rd66brvci7317o05afq9wepy044  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?o33wl28p9q8hhkd392wkl468ll    vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ytjje6m2r0wg5nweifaq44nahjrl  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?twunoasfcun79j4savfzhb5r2ffk  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?to7gky931p8cusdat4j71qir4h    vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: I'd never have thought I'd be doing porn and this shoot makes me want to do a lot more. I tried my way into mainstream modeling and acting, but its just too competitive. My mom thinks I'm traveling to Phoenix to shoot fashion stuff. Well at least there's some non-nude stuff I can show her to make her think its not porn. I don't want her to know, but I'm moving out soon to live with my boyfriend in LA. I'm originally from Colorado but most of my adult life I've been living and waitressing in Newport Beach and living close to the water. I love the ocean and I wouldn't want to be anywhere else. So I saw this website and my boyfriend knows of it and thought it would be cool to see me on it. I sent some pics and I got a response right away so here I am! My dog chewed on two of my heels so I couldn't wear them but I brought what I thought would be pretty. I know I watched some of the videos and I was chill to try anything even having sex on camera but wow it was a crazy day of running around naked in golf courses and pretty buildings in the city. Then buying cucumbers and pushing them deeper than any penis has ever been and then squirting harder than I've ever done with my vibrators. Totally extreme! By the end of the day I was soooo exhausted but I was really happy and I even called my mom & boyfriend to tell them I had a good time in Phoenix. My mom thought it was a fashion shoot, and my boyfriend of course knows the truth and is excited to see the stuff. The photographer that shot me is going to set me up with other sites to shoot and I really want to try it all.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Ashley sent me these photos: #1 #2 #3 #4 (the ones in white shot by her mom) and yeah, I definitely found her cute and FTV-material. She was very energetic on her arrival, though she didn't have breakfast, so got tired somewhat quickly early. We took a breakfast break (not filmed) and then continued shooting. Starting out in a summer dress, she shows off her cartwheeling skills, and that she was a former cheerleader -- but we moved on from location from that park area once we were spotted. Another place, near a golf course, I warm her up to public nudity, and in no time she's running through the golf course completely naked. Masturbation at home with vibrators similar to what she's used in her personal life, and notice how her vagina 'pushes out' and expands during orgasm. She even gets pretty wet, she seems like a squirter. I quizzed her on the squirting, and she said she's done it before -- so the vibraking came to mind for later. Back out on location, I really did like her jeans/heels/top combo, gives her a sexy look. She's very light sensitive, and tends to squint in bright light, even in shade, so it was hard to get pictures in that location without a funny face. A large glass dildo tests how wide & deep she can go, then a lunch break with a topless interview on location. Off the grocery store, and her flashing (notice even though she's shy about it, she really does enjoy doing it). Some cucumber/squash for later...


Model Comments: (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  A member who is a fan of the vibraking said he had two of his own, you could say the 'precursors' of the vibraking, and sent them to me by mail. Ashley's the first to use them, and I have her pick it up bottomless (of course!). Trying out the smaller toy first, it seems to noisy and rough (vibrasage), but the 'vibraqueen' is more improved and makes her squirt (and she ended up squirting on the lens)! While she's wet, I get some extreme closeups on her vagina, as well as gaping spreads & multi-fingering. Outside, she tries out the summer squash and cucumber, going deeper with practice, until she's taking most of them down deep inside her. Hot to watch from all the angles she tries inserting them. Off video and just a few photos, she tried fisting but she's unable to do so. Dancing time, to show off how she does it -- and its a lot of cute bunny-hip shaking (I like that butt). More breast & butt massage, then a kinky session with a bottle (notice the milky juices that build up and go inside the bottle). Deep riding, looks sexy from both front and rear. She seemed to like this kinky fetish more, and it was juicing her up. For a finale, she tries the vibraking, and its truly the best of the three, giving her strong orgasms, with several strong squirts all over the floor, and onto her butt. A nice finish, this First Timer had quite a few surprises for us even though its her first attempt at porn.