Elgato EyeTV 3.5.2 build 6633 | Mac Os X | 115 MB

EyeTV products lets you watch, record, edit, timeshift and archive TV on your Mac. With solutions for analog and digital television, and video quality options to meet differing customer needs, Elgato has an EyeTV to fit your Mac.
Watch, pause, and rewind live television on your Mac.
Record hours of television directly onto your Mac or external hard disk
Search two full weeks of detailed TV listings in the Program Guide and save your searches
Record from the beginning of a show after you have started watching
Navigate full screen TV with a mouse or remote using the On Screen menu
Set up Smart Series Guides to record an entire season of your favourite TV shows in one easy step (requires a tvtv or IceTV subscription)
Wake up/turn on your Mac automatically to record
Edit out unwanted content
Export TV recordings automatically to iTunes for playback on an iPad, iPhone, iPod or Apple TV
Create one or more short clips from a longer recording
Supports live TV on an iPad & iPhone with the optional EyeTV app *
Burn recordings to DVD with Toast® 10 Titanium (not included)
Support for HDTV (MPEG-2 and H.264) and Dolby® Digital
EyeTV app: Direct Streaming from all Netstream tuners
The EyeTV app (available on the App Store) has special powers
when used with an EyeTV Netstream tuner. EyeTV Netstream DTT and EyeTV
Netstream Sat can send the TV signal straight to the app running on an iPad,
iPhone 4, or iPod touch 4th generation (iOS4.2 required). That means superfast
channel surfing, and your computer does not need to be turned on.
This feature is designed for MPEG-2 standard definition television signals only.
It is not supported outside the local Wi-Fi network.
System Requirements
EyeTV 3.5.2 and all future EyeTV updates are only available for Mac computers with an Intel processor.
PowerPC processors are no longer supported.
EyeTV 3.5.2 will work on an Intel Mac with OS 10.5.8 or better.
However, recommend Mac OS X 10.6.7 or later with all software and security updates installed.

Version 3.5.2:
Hardware Support
Added support for Elgato Tivizen.
Added support for Terratec T1.
EyeTV 3.5.2 contains new firmware for EyeTV HD. To update EyeTV HD, open EyeTV 3.5.2 with EyeTV HD connected to your Mac, then unplug EyeTV HD, wait 5 seconds, and plug it back in.

Bug fixes
Improved audio sync with EyeTV HD.
Improved performance and stability.
Improved scheduling and Smart Series Guide support.
Fixed a problem where some Closed Captions did not display correctly.
Fixed -50 error when using the onscreen remote to Fast Backward/Forward.
IceTV is no longer available for New Zealand.
Improved TV Guide download support.

[b]NO PASSWORD NEEDED[/b] to register read the .txt-file

BE CAREFULLY!! - USE LITTLE SNITCH TO BLOCK - EYETV IS CALLING HOME