 http://bayimg.com/badlAaadn

Looking for Richard (1996) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116913/

Looking for Richard is a 1996 documentary film and the first film directed by Al Pacino. It is both a performance of selected scenes of William Shakespeares Richard III and a broader examination of Shakespeares continuing role and relevance in popular culture. The film was featured at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1996 and it was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.

  Penelope Allen  ...  Herself / Queen Elizabeth  
  Gordon MacDonald  ...  Himself / Dorset  
  Madison Arnold  ...  Himself / Rivers  
  Vincent Angell  ...  Himself / Grey  
  Harris Yulin  ...  Himself / King Edward  
  Alec Baldwin  ...  Himself / Duke of Clarence  
  Al Pacino  ...  Himself / Richard III  
  Timmy Prairie  ...  Prince Edward  
  Landon Prairie  ...  Young Prince  
  Kevin Conway  ...  Himself / Hastings  
  Larry Bryggman  ...  Himself / Lord Stanley  
  Kevin Spacey  ...  Himself / Earl of Buckingham  
  Estelle Parsons  ...  Margaret  
  Winona Ryder  ...  Lady Anne  
  Phil Parolisi  ...  Halberd / Messenger  

Pacino plays both himself and the title character. Famous commercials have been aired on AFN regarding Richards whereabouts. The movie guides the audience through the plays plot and historical background. Pacino and several fellow actors, including Penelope Allen and Harris Yulin, act out scenes from the play.

In addition, the actors comment on their roles. Pacino also features other actors famous for performing Shakespeare, such as Vanessa Redgrave, Kenneth Branagh, John Gielgud, Derek Jacobi, James Earl Jones, and Kevin Kline. Pacino includes interviews with Shakespeare scholars and ordinary people on the street.

The many characters in Richard III would have been roughly as familiar to the groundlings in Shakespeares Globe theater as the figures in the O.J. Simpson case are to us. But imagine 400 years have passed, and an audience is trying to remember exactly who Kato Kaelin was. If its true, as Al Pacino claims in Looking for Richard, that Richard III is Shakespeares most frequently performed play, it also is true that most people leaving the theater would not be able to pass a quiz on the family tree that Richard climbs (or chops down) on his way to the crown.

All the characters! Pacino exclaims at one point. Who can keep it straight? His quick-witted documentary deals frankly with the problems of performing Shakespeare, but it also treats the work with respect and love. Going in, I expected some kind of popular vulgarization. Coming out, I had learned a lot about Richard, about Shakespeare, and about the choices that must be made in producing a play. Looking for Richard is not a film version of the play about Shakespeares hunchbacked villain. (For that, you can consult Laurence Oliviers 1955 version, or Ian McKellens 1995 film that transposed the action to a neo-Nazi 1930s England). If you add up all the line readings and scene snippets and occasional extended sequences, Pacino and his fellow actors do succeed in performing perhaps a fourth of the play, but their acting is mostly for the purposes of discussion and demonstration: This is a film about how to act and produce Shakespeare. It is also, not incidentally, a documentary about some days in the life of an actor who loves his craft and brims with curiosity and good humor.

The camera follows Pacino for months or even years (his hair grows and is cut, his beard appears and disappears) as he discusses Richard III in workshops and coffee shops, in Central Park and inside Shakespeares birthplace in Stratford-upon-Avon (where the crew sets off a fire alarm).

He enlists many other actors in his ongoing seminar; we see Alec Baldwin, Estelle Parsons, Aidan Quinn, John Gielgud, Kenneth Branagh, Kevin Spacey, James Earl Jones, Vanessa Redgrave and Winona Ryder as Lady Anne (she and Pacino do the audacious scene where Richard murders Annes husband and then proposes marriage to her as she accompanies the dead body to the grave).

The actors are honest enough to admit that Shakespeare is an acquired taste. Familiarity with the words on the page and some experience in seeing stage and film productions will eventually allow any intelligent person to appreciate that Shakespeare is the greatest of all authors, but at first he can be discouraging and bewildering. Kevin Kline, who has played many Shakespeare roles, confesses that his first exposure came at a performance of King Lear during which he made out with his girlfriend and they left at intermission. One of the wonderful things about Shakespeare is that many of his own characters might have done the same.

Pacino conducts the film like a magician or impresario (I was a little reminded of Orson Welles presiding over F for Fake). He provides a running commentary, he discusses line readings, he does man-on-the-street interviews (It sucks, says one guy, whose choice of pronoun indicates he thinks of Shakespeare as a thing, not a person). And he acknowledges that a problem with Shakespeares history plays is that the characters, who were as familiar as pop stars to the Elizabethans, are largely unknown to modern American audiences. (Its gonna take four weeks of rehearsal just to figure out which characters were playing.) The point is that the appreciation of Shakespeare is an ongoing project for any literate person. We pick up history and familiarity as we go along, and if we are lucky we eventually see the majesty, the humor, the sadness, the insight and the wisdom. Looking for Richard is the portrait of a man and his friends doing just that. Having chosen to be actors, they know they cannot respect their craft without embracing its greatest writer. Having chosen to be readers and viewers, we cannot do less, and this film is a delightful inspiration