Ripped to FLAC format as individual tracks in folders and fully tagged with thumbs.

Also includes a folder of 1000-pixel scans of front and back covers. I have not scanned the full booklets as they only contained basic info on the operettas that is easily available online.




1. The Gondoliers (The King of Barataria)(1957)
with Richard Lewis, Sir Geraint Evans, John Cameron, Helen Watts, Edna Graham, Alexander Young, James Milligan, Stella Hitchens, Monica Sinclair, Lavinia Renton, Marjorie Thomas, Elsie Morison 

2. HMS Pinafore (The Lass that Loved a Sailor)(1958)
with Richard Lewis, John Cameron, Owen Brannigan, James Milligan, Monica Sinclair, Marjorie Thomas, George Baker, Elsie Morison 

3. Iolanthe (The Peer and the Peri)(1959)
with John Cameron, Heather Harper, Alexander Young, Ian Wallace, April Cantelo, Owen Brannigan, Monica Sinclair, Marjorie Thomas, George Baker, Elsie Morison 

4. The Mikado (The Town of Titipu)(1957)
with Richard Lewis, Sir Geraint Evans, John Cameron, Jeannette Sinclair, Ian Wallace, Owen Brannigan, Monica Sinclair, Marjorie Thomas, Elsie Morison 

5. Patience (Bunthorne's Bride)(1962)
with John Cameron, Heather Harper, Alexander Young, John Shaw, Monica Sinclair, Elizabeth Harwood, Marjorie Thomas, Trevor Anthony, George Baker, Elsie Morison 

6. The Pirates of Penzance (1961)
with Richard Lewis, John Cameron, Heather Harper, Owen Brannigan, James Milligan, Monica Sinclair, Marjorie Thomas, George Baker, Elsie Morison 

7. Ruddigore (The Witch's Curse)(1963)
with Richard Lewis, Harold Blackburn, Joseph Rouleau, Pamela Bowden, Owen Brannigan, Monica Sinclair, Elizabeth Harwood, George Baker, Elsie Morison 

8. Trial by Jury (1961)
with Richard Lewis, John Cameron, Bernard Turgeon, Owen Brannigan, George Baker, Elsie Morison 

9. The Yeomen of the Guard (The Merryman and his Maid)(1958)
with Richard Lewis, Sir Geraint Evans, John Cameron, Alexander Young, John Carol Case, Denis Dowling, Owen Brannigan, Doreen Hume, Monica Sinclair, Marjorie Thomas, Elsie Morison 

All Performed by the Glyndebourne Festival Chorus and Pro Arte Orchestra conducted by Sir Malcolm Sargent


Bonus Compilation (20 Tracks):

Some of the CDs had bonus tracks which were somewhat random and unrelated to the operettas. I have combined them into a seperate compilation as it not only leaves the operettas 'clean', but also reunites 

some related recordings that had been split up across the different discs.

Tracks 1-3 (1961) Pro Arte Orchestra conducted by Sir Malcolm Sargent

01) Overture: The Sorcerer
02) Overture: Cox and Box (The Long-Lost Brothers)
03) Overture: Princess Ida (Castle Adamant)

Tracks 4-8 (1968) Royal Liverpool Pilharmonic Orchestra conducted by Sir Charles Groves 

04) Overture Di Ballo
05) Symphony in E 'The Irish': First Movement
06) Symphony in E 'The Irish': Second Movement
07) Symphony in E 'The Irish': Third Movement
08) Symphony in E 'The Irish': Fourth Movement

Tracks 9-20 (1972) City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra conducted by Sir Vivian Dunn

09) Overture in C (In Memoriam)
10) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.1 Introduction
11) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.4 Prelude Act III
12) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.6 Banquet Dance
13) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.10 Dance of the Nymphs and Reapers
14) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.7 Overture Act IV
15) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.11 Prelude Act V
16) The Tempest Incidental Music: No.12c Epilogue
17) The Merchant of Venice Suite: No.1 Introduction (The Merchant of Venice)
18) The Merchant of Venice Suite: No.3 Bourree
19) The Merchant of Venice Suite: No.5 a La Valse
20) The Merchant of Venice Suite: No.7 Finale



Enjoy and Seed!!