These are some edited versions of songs made for singles and some custom remixes I made a while back just for fun. The singles edits are based upon those in the A TreeFull Of Secrets box set, but there's a difference. The TreeFull set uses all real vinyl singles for their set. I always felt that these same edits amd mixes could be recreated from CD sources, so this is what I did using the real singles for reference. Therefore we have no vinyl imperfections here, just pure clean Pink Floyd sound. This set doesn't include any of the early singles or any of those that can be found on CDs, just ones I've made myself.

Notes on the tracks:

01 Let There Be More Light (mono single edit) - This was recreated following the editing on the single, but from a mono folddown of the CD version.

02 One Of These Days (mono single edit) - also recreated from the CD following the editing on the vinyl single, with some fancy backwards editing to make the beginning. I have to give the original single makers credit here. This is a pretty clever start.

03 Fearless (mono single edit) - the two verses here ae combined into one, making the song quite a bit shorter.

04 Breathe (}{eywood's composite mix) - Something I made myself for kicks, joining the two pieces of Breathe together. Pink Floyd would later play it this way at Live 8.

05 Time (edit) - an interesting version with the drum break at the end and shortened at the start, and a lot of the guitar solo missing. This appears in both mono and stereo on the TreeFull box set, but I saw no reason to recreate it in mono, as it's the same edit.

06 Money (edit #1) - The main version used as a single. Removes 2 sections of the guitar solo and abridges the beginning a bit, as well as cutting the middle of the sax solo. On the official version the sax solo is cut very badly, leaving an extra beat that throws the whole rhythm of the song off. I cut that extra beat when I recreated this version.

07 Money (edit #2 - clean version) - On the TreeFull box set there are several edits of Money, some with the "bullshit" line cut out...very sloppily, and running different lengths. This one is based upon the soft mono edit, but its in stereo. I removed the "shit" from "bullshit", but instead of just chopping it off I replaced it with one of the vibratoed guitar chords. The sax solo is completely cut, and the guitar solo is only the first run through as on the previous edit.

08 Us & Them (stereo edit) - based upon the vinyl single that was (I think) produced for jukeboxes. I remember hearing this in a bar once many years ago and I was like "WTF". Recreated from the CD following the editing on the vinyl version.

09 - Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Almost Echoes edit) - Following the editing done for the "Echoes - The Best Of Pink Floyd" CD but with a minor difference. On "Echoes" the song ends after Part 5, goes into wind, then resumes. I always felt that if the song were all in one piece and not restricted by the length of an album side that it would not stop, that the last chord hit at the end of the sax solo would correspond with the "dum dum" of the bass at the beginning of part 6. So with this version I did that. It continues on as if it never stopped, just changed dynamic. I didn't want to include the full 9 part version here and have it take over the compilation, but if you use your imagination you can see how it would work as one big song this way.

10 Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts 3,4,7 & 8 - There are a myriad of ways to edit Shine On. You can cut one or more of the guitar or keyboard solos from the start, move the verses around, skip the sax solo, etc. The "Echoes" edit cuts some of the beginning and the whole ending. The "Collection of Great Dance Songs" edit does so too, but differently, and removes the sax solo. This version goes even farther, probably the most extreme version yet. This starts at the last loud guitar solo before the verses, goes through the first verse from Part 4, then jumps to the last verse from Part 7, and completes the song by playing most of Part 8 before fading out.

11 Have A Cigar (edit) - the shortest version of various single edits. Small parts of the intro are cut, and it fades out early.

12 In The Flesh (}{eywood composite edit) - A version I made that cuts together both parts of the song.

13 Another Brick In The Wall PArt 2 (film edit) - In The Wall movie there is a unique version of ABITW2 that edits down the part sung by the schoolchildren, adds them in singing during the guitar solo, and also includes an extra rhythm guitar part. I recreated this version using the CD version and flew in the extra rhythm guitar chords from an isolated track from the DVD soundtrack. I could only capture a small piece of that guitar part, so I pitch shifted the chord when necessary to get it to work during the solo.

14 Mother (}{Eywood composite mix) - I've always preferred the version of Mother in The Wall film, but it is flawed. After cutting to the album version for the guitar solo they couldn't find a way back out of it into the quiet acoustic song, so they just faded it out, out some dialogue there, and resumed the song later. This version starts with the film version, cuts to the album version for the solo, and then composites both versions together for the remainder of the song. So what you'll hear is double tracked vocals, the album's and the film's, as well as the orchestral parts from the film over the album version. Although the vocals aren't the same on each version I think it sounds pretty cool this way.

15 Empty Spaces Backward Message - Although this is available fairly commonly, I thought I'd isolate it myself and throw it on here.

16 Young Lust (single version) - On the TreeFull box the extended intro for this was pretty scratchy. A cleaner version came to light a few years ago, and this uses that version for the beginning and end and the CD for the bulk of the song.

17 One Of My Turns (single version) - The introductory few seconds of this are from the vinyl single, used in order to get a clean start to the song and not a crossfade out of Young Lust. The rest is off the CD. I've added an echoed ending similar to that used in The Wall film.

18 Another Brick In The Wall Parts 1,2 & 3 (}{eywood composite) - I decided while I was making the film version of Part 2 that I wanted to see what it would sound like if all 3 parts were joined together. The tempo of part 1 is a bit slower, so I crept it up as the song went on until it matched the other two parts, then did some clever editing work with the drum loop and a few other parts. I even threw in a chord from that extra rhythm guitar from the film, but just one. It took a long time to make this, and I revisited the work a couple times because I wasn't quite satisfied, but now I find it a quite enjoyable track to listen to.

19 Run Like Hell (film edit) - A recreation of the edit used in the film, where the synth solo takes place during the second verse instead of after, and the beginning and end are edited.

20 Isn't This Where We Came In - Another thing I just though I'd throw on here to amuse myself.

21 Shine On You Crazy Diamond (credits edit) - A mix of the shortened Part 1 and the edited down cut of Parts 3-5 used over the credits at both ends of the Delicate Sound Of Thunder video. This can also be found in my DSoT torrent.




Except for A Saucerful Of Secrets and DSoT, all the CDs used to create these tracks were the MFSL versions.