These movies were compiled by total sci-fi online, I agree with this list for the most part. And if you must experience these movies do so in the theater or buy them. They Are a Must have in any movie collection. And if the RIAA or any organization or UNION wants a piece tough, I got nothin.

Language info. English for the most part. or shall I say Native languages for the most part. there are a few russian films and one french one,and a few japanese but Sub titles are included if not embeded.

51) Tetsuo: The Iron Man (1989)
OK, so there’s this fetishist, right, who likes to stick metal in himself. He then turns into a scrap-metal man and proceeds to stalk the woman who ran him over… Even describing Tetsuo is enough to make you sound like a babbling madman, and director Shinya Tsukamoto shoots the juddering blank-and-white cyberpunk action like no other filmmaker on Earth.

52) Escape from New York (1981)
Snake Plissken is one of cinema’s great action-hero, with Kurt Russell on top tough guy form. The plot, meanwhile, has influenced everything from District 13 to Doomsday, and it boasts John Carpenter’s best synth soundtracks.

53) The Invisible Man (1933)
HG Wells’ novel has been filmed many times (and influenced countless others), but the best adaptation remains James Whale’s atmospheric chiller. Pioneering special effects, a darkly witty script and, in his screen debut, a terrific performance from Claude Rains (carried mostly by just his distinctive voice) as the scientist-come-invisible-psycho.

54) It Came From Outer Space (1953)
A meteor crashes in the Arizona desert. But could it actually be an alien spacecraft? And could it be behind the weird behaviour of the townsfolk? Er, yes, it could. Another one of the greats from the 50s SF cycle, this atmospheric, hokey hit was originally shown in 3D.

55) Godzilla (1954)


The original stompin’ monster movie! Godzilla (or Gojira, depending on your phonetic preference) sees the titular atomic bomb-awakened creature lay waste to Tokyo. A destructive and sometimes frightening manifestation of atomic angst that sparked off the craze for man-in-a-suit-stomping-on-cardboard-sets action. An edited version of the movie was released in the States under the title Godzilla: King of the Monsters.

56) Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1956)
The first pod person chiller is a frightening bit of anti-commie science fiction (though producer Walter Mirisch and star Kevin McCarthy insisted that no allegorical element was ever intended). It’s a tense and tightly plotted film, that’s far less pulpy than the majority of the alien invasion pics of the period.

57) Minority Report (2002)
A ludicrously underrated science fiction epic that’s part detective story, Minority Report offers twists and turns galore, along with some truly leftfield moments. An awkward leap from hover car to a yoga class, a bizarre kiss from an older female scientist and a weird eye transplant sequence signal that this isn’t your run-of-the-mill genre picture.

58) Alphaville (1965)
New Wave sci-fi noir from Jean-Luc Godard. Set in the future city of the title (though obviously filmed in contemporary Paris), it’s a film that positively delights in narrative obfuscation and philosophical meanderings. Hip, clever and fun or dull and frustrating, depending on your point of view, but there’s no denying its originality or influence.

59) Gattaca (1997)
Criminally ignored by audiences at the time, Gattaca is a slow but involving ‘genetics noir’ that is driven by ideas rather than action. Ethan Hawke and Jude Law have never been better as the pair who strike an uneasy bargain, and there’s something disquieting about the shimmering retro-future visuals.

60) The Fountain (2006)

Another love it or hate it picture (and many hated it), The Fountain is about as idiosyncratic as genre filmmaking gets. Criss-crossing time and space, it’s a visual delight, but heartfelt performances from Hugh Jackman and Rachel Weisz ensure there’s a human element to the story.

61) Them! (1954)
The army fight radioactive giant killer ants! As premises go, it’s a pretty hard one to beat, and the Oscar-nominated bug effects hold up better than the majority of films from the period. Plus the tagline is awesome: “A horror horde of crawl-and-crush giants clawing out of the earth from mile-deep catacombs!”

62) Videodrome (1983)
David Cronenberg’s body horror about mutations and the media has some wonderfully crackers idea – not least the central conceit of a vagina-eseque VCR appearing in the lead character’s stomach. Disturbing, imaginative and complex. Oh yes, and twisted.

63) Logan’s Run (1976)
A simple but effective futuristic concept – people are killed when they reach the age of 30, but a couple rebel and run from their fate – leads to an exciting, if slightly kitsch slice of 70s SF. It has dated more than other titles on this list, but it’s still great fun.

64) Ghost in the Shell (1995)
Along with Akira (see No. 18), Mamoru Oshii’s is one of the most influential anime movies. Based on the manga by Masamune Shirow, Ghost in the Shell is a joyously convoluted cyberpunk extravaganza that seamlessly combines both cell and computer animation. Its success prompted a sequel and the Stand Alone Complex TV series.

65) Repo Man (1984)


A scattershot blend of pokerfaced comedy, science fiction and youth pic, Alex Cox’s feature-length debut is a punk masterpiece. A young Emilio Estevez is brilliant as Otto, the reluctant repo man, and the strange, deadpan dialogue (“Suddenly someone'll say plate, or shrimp, or plate o' shrimp out of the blue…”) is hilarious.

66) Children of Men (2006)
The film version of PD James’s novel is powerful stuff, as it explores a future not so dissimilar from our present. Director Alfonso Cuarón paints a convincing picture of urban decay, and the handheld camerawork lends the action a sense of documentary-style realism.

67) Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country (1991)
The second-best Trek movie is also directed by Nicholas Meyer. This one’s a thrilling, funny conspiracy thriller that sees the aging Starfleet heroes attempt to avert intergalactic war. Hugely enjoyable.

68) Outland (1981)
Like the later Enemy Mine (which reworked Hell in the Pacific) Peter Hyams’ movie is a SF spin on a classic movie – this time, High Noon. Sean Connery’s Marshall heads to a mining outpost Jupiter’s moon Io to investigate the death of miners, and becomes caught up in a corporate conspiracy. Duncan Jones cited it as an influence on his acclaimed Moon (See No. 74).

69) A Boy and his Dog (1975)
In 2024, a young man, Vic, (Don Johnson) and his telepathic, limerick-spurting dog, Blood, wander around the radioactive surface of a post-apocalyptic future trying to avoid being killed by gangs and watching pornos at ramshackle screenings. Eventually Vic is lured to an underground city by people who want his sperm… As weird as it sounds, this cult SF-comedy contains bleak laughs and an appealing central relationship between the hapless Vic and his smarter canine companion.

70) Mad Max (1979)

Despite the title, Max Rockatansky, only becomes ‘mad’ in the final third of this post-apocalyptic thriller. In fact, the character goes through a full character arc, from a cop trying to uphold justice and hold onto some stability in a world of chaos, to a man who thinks nothing of making a punk choose between sawing through his ankle or burning alive. A raw, energetic actioner with blistering car chases and an intense career-defining performance from Gibson.

71) Donnie Darko (2001)
It’s a mad world and it’s a mad film too, in Richard Kelly’s beguiling debut. Worm holes, a man in a rabbit suit, teen angst… What it all means is anyone’s guess, but the sparkling visuals and laconic performance from Jake Gyllenhaal make it stand out from the indie pack.

72) Soylent Green (1973)
Based on Harry Harrison’s influential novel Make Room! Make Room!, this dystopian thriller sees Chuck Heston’s cop uncovering the truth behind the titular foodstuff. Yes, yes, everyone knows the twist - whether they’ve seen it or not - but this efficiently directed film is a lot of fun, despite the bleak themes.

73) Cube (1997)
The original puzzle-based shocker – later examples include the Saw franchise, Fermat’s Room and The Collector. This playful, economical Canadian picture sees seven people attempting to escape from a cube of interlinked rooms laced with booby traps. The Crystal Maze was never like this. We wish it was though.

74) ]Moon (2009)
A welcome return to the slow-burning SF movies of the 1970s, Duncan Jones’s movie both draws on and subverts expectations of the genre. It’s a clever but accessible study of loneliness and liberty that boasts awesome modelwork and a haunting score by Clint Mansell.

I have not been able to find a good rip of this movie. looks like it will become a cult classic at this rate. its hardly in the theaters around here and its not in any torrents.


75) Dark City (1998)

Another film that has steadily built up a cult following since its failure at the box office. Alex Proyas turns his perma-night city into an Expressionistic wonder, and the Kafkaesque plot is full of surprises.


Enjoy and Seed!!