Discover Smarter, Lighter PC Protection

ESET Smart Security 5 integrates powerful antimalware scanner, a two-way firewall and intelligent antispam to effectively eliminate all types of security threats.

Securing Your Online Life

Protect your family with ESET’s complete Internet security suite, built on the award-winning ThreatSense antivirus and antispyware engine. Our proactive heuristic technology intercepts and eliminates known and emerging threats hours or even days faster than competing products. Get ESET Smart Security 5 for comprehensive protection.
Tune-in Behaviors and Turn-on Control

Our Parental Controls shield your children from inappropriate web content by blocking access to individual websites and predefined website categories, while the accompanying Internet security training teaches you and your entire family how to avoid cyber threats, scams and hackers.

 Watch video
Refresh Your Online Experience

With one of the smallest program file sizes of any Internet security software, a more intuitive interface and a smarter alert system, we offer a simpler, more easily managed digital experience for you.
Share Confidently

Not all computer threats come through the Internet; Removable Media Control protects you from potentially infected files exchanged through USB flash drives, CDs and DVDs.

Watch video

    Antivirus
    Antispyware
    Personal Firewall
    Antispam
    Parental Controls
    Internet Security Training

Key Features

Take advantage of these powerful Smart Security 5 features and create your own digital safe-zone. 

Antivirus (ThreatSense® technology) eliminates Windows, Mac and Linux viruses, worms, trojans, rootkits and other malware.

Antispyware protects your online privacy and identity.

Host-Based Intrusion Prevention System (HIPS) blocks unauthorized changes to programs.

Cloud-Enhanced Whitelisting (Cloud-Powered Reputation technology) enables faster, more accurate malware detection.

Removable Media Control prevents malware infection from USB flash drives, CDs and DVDs; enables blocking by device ID.

Antirootkit detects and removes malware that hides from the operating system.

Antispam blocks unwanted emails and images.

Intelligent Firewall defends against remote attacks with technology that adapts.

Gamer Mode suspends pop-up notifications, scanning and scheduled tasks while playing.  Watch video

Parental Controls restrict access to websites by specific category or individual URL.

Internet Security Training teaches you tips and techniques to make your online experience even safer.  Watch video
Experience ESET's Benefits

    Proactive Protection – ESET's smart ThreatSense® technology offers multiple layers of protection with precise identification of even never-seen-before forms of malware.
    Built for Speed – ESET Smart Security 5 is lightning fast and operates smoothly in the background, so you won't even notice it's there.
    Easy on You – From its compact and intuitive user interface to its minimal use of alerts, you'll be up and running in a snap without undue interruptions.
    Seamless Updates – Security updates are discreetly sent to your computer, ensuring your defenses are always at their strongest.


Why is it a small torrent you will ask. Well it's a sort of download manager, so you always have the latest version!!!

Read the ReadMe file and enjoy, and please seed after downloading! Thank you all, and have a nice christmas holiday!