Title: Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai Teva
Duration: 19 Episodes
Genre: Comedy
Broadcast network: Channel 7
Broadcast period: Apr. 17, 2009 - May 29, 2009
Theme song: "Len Kong Soong" by Big Ass 
"Ouy Ouy" by Ben Chalatid
Director: Peerapon Thienjarern
Screenwriter: Panatee
Company Name: Polyplus 

Cast

Pae Arak Amornsupasiri as Khunnoochai
Aum Patcharapa Chaichue as Jaew
Au Panu Suwanno as Yai-Ekburut
Bee Martika as Nonglek-Naree
Zugus Buntawit Thrakulpanit as Seur
Nathalie Nattarinee Jiarawanon as Pat
Phonganan Wansithidej as Fu
Sararat Roomreungwong as Dujdao
Roongkarnda Benjamaporn as Waew
Thin Sethachoke as Chatchawarn
Piroj Sangwariboot as Singh
Ball Chernyim as Berm
Gamboom Pimnipa Jittateeraroj as Yingnui
Pissamai Wilaisak as Nomjaem
Phanya Sitsethakul as Pim
Pattarawat Narkwilairoj as Cherdsak
Nareumol Sithimeng as Krataire
Surasak Khemkao as Noang
 
http://entinament.com/2009/03/27/synopsisjaew-jai-rai-gub-khun-chai-tevada/
 
http://wiki.asianfuse.net/index.php/Jaew_Jai_Rai_Gub_Khun_Chai_Tevada

Synopsis/Review:

Aum will be taking on the role of a babysitter sort of in place of her sick grandmother. The person she has to babysit? It’s Khun Nou Chai the spoiled, bratty, and heir to the Tat Thep fortune.

Once the bratty wealthy young man is put into a strict curriculum to improve his heart with a teacher that is completely sharp the sharp love story then begins!

Once Jaew (Aum Patcharapa Chaichue) a young woman who holds the position of the manager of, “Seua Pa Resort”  wildlife park is called into Krung Thep (Bangkok) immediately because Yai (Grandma) Jaem (Mee Pitsamai Wilaisark) her most beloved grandmother and only relative is sick, Jaew then has to come take care of her grandmother at the hospital. Yai Jaem asks Jaew to take care of an important job and that is to take care of Khun Nou Chai (Pei Arak Amornsupasiri) the bratty and only son of the “Tatthep” Family. Jaew is confused that her grandmother would call her to come for this reason, but Yai Jaem gives her an ultimatum that if Jaew dosn’t follow through then she may very well stress to death.

Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaJaew is forced to accept her grandmother’s wishes when she knows that 20 years ago after her father and mother passed away. Yai Jaem had to go work at the Tatthep household to find money and support her. Jaew was then sent to stay with her father’s best friend at Seua Pa Resort; there Loong (Uncle) Sing (Aey Pairot Sangwaritboot) and Pa (Aunt) Pim (Pook Panya Sitsaisutgoon) loved and raised her as their own. Ever so often that Yai Jaem would come and visit Jaew at the resort. While they haven’t seen each other for 2 years the grandmother and grand daughter duo wrote letters and talked to one another over the phone. Jaew intends to repay her grandmother’s gratitude by taking care of Khun Nou in return. She takes her clothes and goes to the Tat Thep household immediately.

Once she sets foot into the Tat Thep household Jaew is shocked to see the strength of, “Khun Chai” that was in the midst of acting out towards a servant to the point where the house nearly explodes. She is confused and curious in his behaviour. She believed that he would be a young child, but it appears that he is a grown person that is of the same generation as she is. On top of that Chai verbally says things that directs towards Jaew even if she didn’t know what was going on. Jaew argues back and causes Khun Nou Chai to be very upset and angry. He retaliates harshly and the two argue and battle it out verbally to where it becomes nearly as large as a war in the middle of the city to the pointg where Yai or Ekburud (Aou Panu Suwanoh) and Nong Lek or Naree (Bee Matika Ataragornsiripoh) the older brother and younger sister and children from Dood Dao’s (Poo Sara Ratroom Reuangwong), Chai’s Step-mothers first marriage have to go and tell Chatwan (Chok Trin Saisotchok) his father so that he could come and stop the events that is occurring.

Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaChatawan see’s the condition of the house that has came a mess from the argument between Chai and Jaew. Everyone is in peace and Dood Dao asks what had happened and the reasons for it and Chai then responds by telling her to stay out of his business. Chatwan has to stop and separate everyone and turns around to clear Jaew’s story first and then finds out that she is the grand daughter of Yai Jaem and she is there to take care of Khun Nou. Jaew’s answer causes confusion among everyone especially Chai because that house only has one Khun Nou which is him causing Jaew to be shocked! On top of that the person she must take care of is someone with a bad temper and likes to talk down to people. They quickly go to ask Yai Jaem for the truth and she inform’s them that it’s true and Chai – Jaew are both upset and they are even more stressed when the doctor orders them to try not to stress out the patient; so the two are forced to join forces in this mission because they don’t want to hurt Yai Jaem.

The position of the “nanny’s reflection” of Jaew then starts up. Chai manifest all his might into annoying Jaew to the point where Jaew has to find many ways to handle his ways. Jaew must give in to him every time because he continously uses Nom Jaem as his source of power. Eventually Jaew is unable to tolerate it and quits. Chai is happy that he is able to get rid of Jaew from his life, but Yai Jaem pleads her to go back because Chai is about to be cheated out of his family’s fortune by his step mother and Chert Sark (Ta Pataratnak Wilairot) the family’s attorney. Jaew then soften up and agree’s to go back to taking care of him with her own ways.

Before returning to finish her mission Jaew goes back to the resort to build up her strategy. She tells of her situation to Pa Pim and Loong Sing. They feel sorry for her and allows her to take a break from her original job. Only Seua (Sugat Bantawit Tragonpanit) Loon Sing and Pa Pim’s only child doesn’t agree because he is completely in love with P’ Jaew and he is afraid that Chai will cause her to be sensitive towards him to where Seua himself will be heart broken! Jaew lies to him and tells him that Chai is hideous in looks and personality and once he hears this he feels better and allows P’ Jaew to go. While at the resort Jaew comes up with many plans to handle Chai and finally succeeds.
Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaOn Chai’s side he is still indulging in his victory over chasing Jaew away. He is careless about his conniving step mother and her son who have begun the plan for his father to hate him. They had suggested that Chatwan give an important position within the company to Chai to take care of. They also send Ying Nui (Game Boom – Piminipa Jidtatinrot) a royalty with only her name left who is dating Yai to be Chai’s secretary. At first Chai refused and then he saw it as an oppurtunity to tumultuous at his father’s company so he accepts. Ying Nui invites him out and drink to the point where he nearly misses an important meeting. Luckily Jaew returns and finds out the plan to get rid of Jaew from Nong Lek the daughter of Dood Dai who secretly likes Chai. Jaew finds Chai and once Chai see’s her his drunkness disappears. Jaew announces that she will no longer be sensitive and orders him to shower and get dressed and go to the meeting. He successfuly goes through the meeting in the midst of Dood Dao, Yai, and Chert Sak’s plan that had completely fell.

Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaAll the while Jaew is forcing Chai to sign a secret document in which he will accept, “5 regulation’s to have a better life than before” which all include

1. To be generous
2. Not be self centered
3. Be Afraid of Sins
4. To be thankful for the things around you
5. Open up your heart to “love” others

If she is able to complete all 5 regulations then she will quit her position immediately, but if Chai is unable to do it then he will no longer have his freedom!

Chai is silent! With the new version of Jaew who is way more brutal than before. She is just as bad as he is he thinks about it and signs the contract with confidence that Jaew will be unable to change him. Jaew follows Chai everywhere, but he still acts out and continues to break the rules. Yai see’s that Jaew doesn’t like Jaew so he attempts to get close to her and pull her to his side, but Jaew knows of his plan so she tries to get far away from him. This causes Ying Nui to be very jealous and show often her jealousy towards Yai and Jaew. Yai tells her to hurry up and seduce Chai and make him fall in love with her. Ying Nui is frustrated so she takes her anger out on Nong Lek who doesn’t know anything to the point where Jaew has to protect her often. This causes Nong Lek and Jaew to become even closer.

Nong Lek tells Chai good stories to Jaew and tells of Jaew cuteness to Chai also. This causes Chai to be curious as to how Jaew who is very brutal wins over Nong Lek’s heart; Nong Lek who normally doesn’t associate with people. The curiousity of both Jaew and Chai towards one another slowly opens them up to each other without knowing. Seua see’s that Jaew has been gone for a long time and runs away from Seua Pa Resort to go find Jaew in Krung Thep. Chai see’s this and says that Jaew is Into younger boys and causes Seua to dislike Chai. Dood Dao starts to feel depressed because Jaew is able to change Chai and cause him to be more grown and mature. As time goes by Chatwan starts to feel better towards Chai. Suddenly Seua shows up and tries to convince Jaew to return and she must return as he asks, but she is unable to leave her job of taking care of Chai so she drugs him and takes him to Seua Pa Resort with her.

Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaAt the resort Jaew attempts to reform his behaviour by using him to work in so many ways, but regardless of what she does Chai refuses and continously attempts to run away. Many days pass by, Yai and Ying Nui finds that Chai came to stay with Jaew and follows. They then pretend to be guests who are really harsh and uses Chai to do many tasks as a servant. Jaew backs them up because she wants him to learn a lesson of how it feels when he uses other people; but on the opposite it causes him to become more irate. He then turns to Ying Nui as his help. Jaew then warns him that Ying Nui is attempting to harm him, but he doesn’t listen to her and believes that she is there to mess up his life. Once Chai is able to adapt he finds way to bully Jaew, but she is able to retialiate everytime. Their closeness causes them to become closer without realizing it. While Chai is happy with being with Jaew, Yai Jaem gets better and follows them to the resort. Yai see’s that Jaew and Chai are closer than just a person taking care of someone and feels uneasy about it so he talks to Yai Jaem and tells her to warn her grand daughter to not fall in love with someone with a higher status or her grand daughter will be hurt. Yai Jaem tells Jaew and Jaew gets sad and tries to break away from Chai. Chai is curious as to why and tries to make up with her forcing Yai Jaem to attempt to take him back to Krung Thep (Bangkok) without Jaew returning with them. Chai refuses and gives an ultimatum that Jaew must return to Tat Thep estate with him in order for him to return so Nom Jaem has no choice but to give in.

Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaAfter being home for awhile Chai then gets sick. Jaem takes him to the hospital and Chai meets with Pat (Nathalie Natinee Jianyanon) his friend that have been close since they were children. The two are really happy and jumps in to hug one another intimately. Jaew see’s this and is sad opposite of Yai Jaem who know’s of Chai and Pat’s situation very well. She then prepares a plan to let the two fall in love. Chai and Pat see’s each other often and also know one another very well even Jaew has to fall to the side. In addition Chatwan is very ill and must rest at the hospital. Chai has to go work at the company in place of his father and let Jaew be his personal secretary in place of Ying Nui. Pat and Nom Jaem help each other take care of Chatwan the entire time. Chatwan’s illness causes him to be unable to speak and move. Dood Dao and Chert Sark then reveal their true colors. They begin the plan to get Chatwan to transfer all of his fortune to them. Dood Dao also reveals something that causes Chatwan to be even more sad. She tells him that she has been having an affair with Chert Sark for quite some time already…causing Chatwan to get more ill even if Chatwan is unable to take this secret to tell anyone. Jaew coincidentally overhears Chert Sark planning with Dood Dao at the company. Other then the thieves are attemping to steal the Tat Thep’s fortune they plan to kill Chatwan and Chai. Jaew tells this to Chai and he doesn’t believe that Cherk Sark would plan with Dood Dao so Jaew takes this and tell Pat..

The next morning Jaew refuses to let Chai go to work, but he goes anyway, but luckily Chai’s car doesn’t work and he rides his motorcycle to work with Jaew. Once Berm fix the car Yai drives Chai car to work. Chert Sark had sent someone to put a bomb in Chai’s car. While everyone is in a meeting Chert Sark still hasn’t came in. Suddenly there are cops who come to the meeting to arrest Dood Dao and Yai for fraud and attempted murder of Chatwan. Dood Dao quickly calls and warn Chert Sark. Yai is unable to accept and throws and fit and runs away. He quickly goes to Chai’s car and Dood Dao see’s her son about to board Chai’s car and tries to stop him, but it’s to late because at that moment the car explodes into dust. Dood Dao cries in sadness and goes crazy. Chert Sark who has been forewarned goes to take Chatwan as a hostage. Chai and Jaew follows to help. While Chai and Chert Sark were fighting. Chert Sak shoots Chai in the middle of the back. Jaew goes to help pick up Chai’s body which was covered in blood. As Chert Sark was getting ready to shoot Chai once more the police follows in and shoots Chert Sark to deat right on the spot.

Jaew Jai Rai Gub Khun Chai TevadaAll of the incidents causes Chai and his father to understand one another even more and the love that they hae for each other. Jaew after finishing her job she returns to Seua Pa Resort right away. Everyone prepares a surprise party for her and Seua intends to show off the cake that he made himself to her; but once the day of the birthday comes Jaew returns to Krung Thep (Bangkok) because someone had called her and told her that Chai’s condition has worsen. Once she gets to the hospital she finds that Chai had tricked her because he wanted to make up and propose to her but both know that Chatwan and Nom Jaem wants Chai to wed Pat so the best they could do is relieve their feelings to one another. Seua is unable to wait for Jaew to return so he takes the cake to Krung Thep, but it doesn’t reach Jaew and Seua is hit by a car and killed. Jaew is really sad, guilty and blames herself for Seua’s death. She is also angry with Chai for lying to her causing her to come see him resulting in everything turning out the way they did. She slaps, yells, and chases Chai to get out of her life. He is really sad and run’s and never shows his face to see Jaew anymore. Luckily there is Pat to give him motivation and advice always.. Their love was about to be good and now there are reasons for them to break apart once again. The love of the god like brat who will he choose? Between Pat who is suitable for him in every way and Jaew the brutal person who disciplined him very well.

