
The sophomore slump hit Urban Dance Squad rather hard, or maybe it just seemed that way based on the consistently high quality of their debut. Life 'n Perspective of a Genuine Crossover sounds aimless where its predecessor came off as shrewdly eclectic. It's not that there aren't great moments: "Careless" is nice mid-tempo hip-hop with a blues base, and the strangely named "(Thru) the Gates of the Big Fruit" showcases some great turntable work from DJ DNA as well as country-ish slide guitar from Tres Manos. But the four-part approach to "Life 'n Perspectives" is annoying and "Routine" goes nowhere. Somehow the high points aren't quite enough to carry the weight of the low ones. (AMG)




Was their superb debut already a exciting mix of musical styles, this album is maybe even more eclectic. In general it is a bit more rock-guitar oriented than Mental Floss... but it still tries to combine all musical styles in one song. Unfortunately, it does not work for all songs (Duck Ska or Mr. Ezway), but they are overshadowed by gems like Routine (reason enough to buy this album), Comeback and Harvey Quinnt.

Urban Dance Squad should be superstars in the US by now, with albums like this, which is easily as good as anything the Red Hot Chili Peppers ever cranked out, not to mention Rage Against The Machine. Oh well, it's your loss Yankees.  (Customers from Amazon)

 
http://img818.imageshack.us/img818/549/frontakc.jpg


01 - Comeback
02 - (Thru) The Gates Of The Big Fruit
03 - Life 'N Perspectives I
04 - Mr. EZway
05 - Thru The Eyes Of Jason
06 - Routine
07 - Life 'N Perspectives II
08 - Son Of Tha Culture Clash
09 - Careless
10 - Grand Black Citizen
11 - Life 'N Perspectives III
12 - Harvey Quinnt
13 - Duck Ska
14 - Life 'N Perspectives IV
15 - For The Plasters
16 - Wino The Medicineman
17 - Bureaucrat Of Flaccostreet



Label: BMG / Arista
Released: 1991
Catalogue: 18672-2


Compression Level: 5
Covers Included (400dpi)





Enjoy, Seed and Share