

Do you believe your girlfriend or wife when she claims to have an orgasm? How can you know for certain that she's not faking?
Here are some surprising facts about female orgasm:

70% of women have NEVER had an orgasm with a man. 
25% of men will get turned down by their lovers over half the time. These men have women who think sex is a chore. 
Nearly 50% of men have partners that will NEVER ask for sex (would you ask for something that doesn’t give you any pleasure?) 
92% of women will FAKE ORGASMS just to “get it over with”.

It’s obvious that what most men are doing simply isn’t working. 
If you have never given your partner an orgasm, and you don’t know how… Lee Jenkins has created the Female Orgasm Black Book for men and women, but it is especially valuable for caring boyfriends and husbands who want a no-nonsense, step-by-step plan for bringing explosive sexual pleasures to their partners. You do want that, don't you?
The “Black Book” explains the female orgasm, A-to-Z, with sex tips, checklists and examples of “orgasm routines” you can use to bring your partner to an orgasm (or multiple orgasms).
Here's just a peak at the great information that Lee gives you in the Female Orgasm Black Book:

Why being a “pick up artist” doesn’t guarantee that you’ll be a “Stud” in bed! 
How to re-ignite the white-hot passion of any long-term relationship! 
The number one reason women can’t have orgasms…even if you’re using every trick in the book…and…what to do about it! 
How to tell if she’s faking an orgasm on you and How to tell if she’s having a real orgasm! 
A simple “shortcut” to knowing exactly how she likes to be touched! (This takes the guesswork out of foreplay) 
How to create a setting in your home that will make her want to have sex! 
The 10 best sex positions that will give her an orgasm 
How to train your woman to be more orgasmic, and want sex more often! 
The most common female orgasm problems…and what to do about it 
18 hidden signs that reveal if a woman is really “turned on”…or…if she’s just faking it! (most men don’t have a clue about what “signals” a woman can’t stop sending out…which…always reveal the honest truth). 
How to make heart-pounding intimacy last forever.


Sold by: Amazon Digital Services
Language: English
ASIN: B005D5CNVQ
Size: 1.99MB
Format: PDF
