Benny Anderssons Orkester (aka BAO aka Benny Andersson Band) is a Swedish band, with Benny Andersson as musical leader and composer. The band was formed in mid 2001 by 16 people, some from Orsa Spelmän, and Helen Sjöholm and since 2004 Tommy Körberg as singers.

BAO includes some of Sweden's most experienced contemporary and folk musicians:

Benny Andersson - accordion, piano, synclavier, etc.
Göran Arnberg - pipe organ, spinet
Janne Bengtson - flute, piccolo, crumhorn, baritone saxophone
Pär Grebacken - saxophones, clarinet, recorder, piccolo
Leif Göras - violin, cello, mandolin
Nicke (Nils-Erik) Göthe - violin, mandolin
Jogga (Jan-Anders) Ernlund - contrabass
Calle Jakobsson - tuba, bassoon
Leffe Lindvall - trumpet, cornet
Kalle Moraeus - violin, zither, guitar, banjo, etc.
Olle Moraeus - violin, viola, mandolin
Perra (Per-Erik) Moraeus - violin, mandolin, saxophone
Lars Rudolfsson - accordion
Jörgen Stenberg - drums, percussion instruments
Tommy Körberg - vocals, guitar
Helen Sjöholm - vocals

All members of the band are occupied in external capacities during the majority of the year, some in the theater orchestras in Stockholm. The brothers Moraeus, Leif Göras and Nicke Göthe play together in Orsa Spelmän. During the summers the members of BAO meet up and rehearse, and then go out on mini-tours, to which tickets are highly sought after. The concept of these tours are A concert with dance, so a dance floor is brought along. Tommy Körberg and Helen Sjöholm together perform the vocals for the non-instrumental songs.

- - -

Being a typical Benny Anderssons Orkester album, BAO 3 (the title indicates that it's the third BAO album) includes many different musical styles, ranging from Swedish folk music to pop, jazz, classical tunes and viennese influences. The album is officially credited to Benny Anderssons Orkester, Helen Sjöholm & Tommy Körberg, indicating that it also includes several tracks with vocals. In fact, compared to its studio predecessor, BAO! in 2004, the amount of vocals tracks has increased. No less than seven out of the 12 tracks on the album are sung by either Helen Sjöholm or Tommy Körberg or as a duet. Tommy Körberg can be heard on a BAO studio album for the first time , after already appearing together with the group during their tours and also lending vocals to two tracks on Benny Andersson's two solo albums from the 1980s, Klinga mina klockor and November 1989.
As usual, most of the lyrics were written by Benny's former ABBA partner Björn Ulvaeus, while all the music was composed by Benny Andersson himself.

BAO 3 was recorded in Sveriges Radios Studio 5 and Atlantis Studio, both in Stockholm, during 2007. Like all Benny Anderssons Orkester albums, it was engineered by Bernard Löhr und subsequently mixed by him and Benny Andersson at Mono Music Studio. (wikipedia)

- - -

Benny Anderssons Orkester, Helen Sjöholm & Tommy Körberg -
Any position plays BAO  2007
(Stockholm Mono Music)

 1. Marsch pannkaka
 2. För dig
 3. Du frälste mig i sista stund
 4. Fait accomplit
 5. Crush on you
 6. Calle J:s vals
 7. Helens brudvals
 8. Upp till dig
 9. Bonde söker fru
10. Nu mår jag mycket bättre
11. Wienerbrot
12. Godnattvisa
