Resolume Avenue 3.3.2 Portable

Resolume is an instrument for live video performances. Completely build to quickly improvise your videos to the music. Play up to three layers of video, with up to six effects. Using Resolume you can easily play videos backward, forward, adjust the speed or scratch it by hand. You can freely improvise without ever stopping the video. Resolume is the preferred software of choice for many professional VJ’s and video artist in 40 countries worldwide.


Audiovisual Playback
Play Quicktime and AVI video files with audio or combine any .mov or .avi video file with any .wav or .aiff audio file.

Flash Playback
Resolume plays all your Flash animations including AS2 and AS3 scripting. Flash can display text input from Resolume and with parameters you can gain even more control over your animations.

Audiovisual Effects
Resolume 3 supports both VST audio effects and FreeFrameGL openGL video effects. Use them separately or combine them to create exciting new audiovisual effects. You can use as many effects as you like on clips, layers and the entire composition.

3D Compositing
Freely position, scale and rotate your clips and layers or even the entire composition.

OpenGL Accelerated
The entire video engine is running in 32 bit floating point precision on the video card's GPU so you can use alpha channels and masks and get the best image quality possible on today's hardware.

Global BPM Tempo
Everything can be linked to the global (Beats Per Minute) tempo to create a fully synchronized audiovisual performance. Automatically pitch the audio and video and synchronize parameter automation. Use the beat snap function to trigger clips in sync with the beat.

Output and Preview Monitors
With the preview monitor you preview a clip or layer and configure it so it looks and sounds just the way you like it before you play it.

What's new in Resolume 3:

Everything. No really, everything is new. We completely rewrote Resolume 3 from scratch, in a different programming language. Why? Many reasons; Resolume 2 was getting old, we started programming Resolume when we were still students and we were learning how to do it by trial and error. Therefore a lot of code in Resolume 2 was very inflexible and of poor quality. We had learned so much in all those years working on Resolume that we wanted to take all our gained knowledge about coding and real-time video and build an all new system that would be much better.

Resolume 2 is written in objective pascal with Delphi and uses DirectX for video rendering. This locked us into Windows only. We knew that if we wanted to grow we had to make Resolume run on windows and Mac OSX and possibly Linux in the future. So we had to start using cross-platform technologies like openGL and a cross-platform programming language c / c.

Resolume 2 does all the video rendering on the CPU, this is fine but the processor on the video-card (GPU) is specifically designed for graphics and can therefore do video rendering much much faster at higher resolution. So we wanted to design a new rendering engine that would run much faster so you can play more layers of video at HD resolutions with virtually unlimited effects.

Resolume 2 does not play audio. We see live audio visual (AV) performances becoming more popular but there are very little tools available to create and perform them. Resolume 3 has full audio visual playback and you can combine any FreeFrameGL visual effects with any VST audio effect to create audio visual effects.

The Resolume 2 interface was having growing pains. It was literally inflexible and Adding new features like audio playback, unlimited AV effects, etc. was impossible without creating a whole new layout. Resolume 3 has an entirely new flexible interface that fits on any resolution monitor and has a layout That accommodates the new features, and will allow many more without becoming cluttered and hard to use.


Home Page - http://www.resolume.com


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                   
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                  
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	