Day of the Sirens (2002) 


UK indie thriller feature about a terrorist attack on London


Starring:  Ryk Mayall and Saeed Jaffery
 

Duration: 87mins


IMDB.com direct link below for cast, crew, stills :

 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0315466/combined



Tagline: 'Traffic' meets 'A Short Film About Killing'



Below top four imdb.com user reviews for this film:


21 out of 23 people found the following review useful:

A very ambitious movie that falls a bit short, 4 September 2004
 
Author: Alicia Herrero from Madrid, Spain
I've seen many comments on this movie(recently seen on IMDb)that range from "best movie ever" to brutal slating, that it's boring, pointless, etc. Well, I find that the film is between both of these extremes. It does a good job of conveying the turmoil of a city under threat of a terrorist attack, that is very realistic, spot on (like Mike Leigh does action, a bit weird but very interesting), I really liked the action sequences which for a low budget movie were quite remarkable in their scale and content. The character tie-ins work very well, and do a good job of keeping things moving. Problem is, that I ended up not caring much about all of them, with the exception of the Saeed Jaffrey, the Spanish girl was a shock but I never felt like I knew or cared about her, Mayall was interesting but his character was only beginning to open up when his performance was suddenly over. Theakston does a good job on the cinematography in his DOP debut but in the final analysis, this could've been better if Brady would've reigned in his overindulgent script, had better dialogue, focused on less characters and fleshed out the remaining ones better, eschewed the Lisa Shaw character (at least the Police Commander that seems stuck to spot) and had an ending that made sense. Themes such as dispossession and terrorism have been handled better by more accomplished directors. So, I give it 6/10 - not terrible, but not a great film that I could recommend, given a sensible budget though I guess it could of been much better, but trying to create a film of this scale on a micro budget was always doomed to failure.


12 out of 15 people found the following review useful:

Day of the Sirens is phenomenally written, directed and performed, 9 June 2004
 
Author: Runji Plativ (film_critic2002) from Florida, USA
After loving the director's previous movie Love Life I was excited to catch his latest, shot on a micro-budget this British drama is incredible. I'll limit my comments about this film to opinions rather than a critical review, as there are many people, none on this site obviously, who are much more knowledgeable and qualified to give an educated critique. I just felt it deserved another positive comment to counter the many negative ones, it seems like the director Ray Brady has a hate campaign from some dispossessed individual intent in damming this original and inspired piece...which I don't really understand and can't explain except to attribute it to ignorance. If you read production notes on the film, you'll realize the writer and director purposely used hand-held cameras to heighten audience tension and to convey a certain sense of realism and to be less intrusive...i.e., not encroach on the actors performances; just acting as a passive observer. In my mind this is brilliance, especially for such an intense, emotionally charged film where capturing certain things on film can only be done a certain way once and numerous camera and lighting setups would constantly interrupt the creative flow. I guess if you don't enjoy a film, you're not very likely to read production notes or check out the films website to learn about how it was made. So for that reason, you can forgive the ignorance of those who commented on how bad it was for childish, superficial reasons rather than making valid intelligent points. If you found it difficult to follow, you might want to stick to less "artsy" fare that doesn't make you think and leaves your brain feeling mushier than when you came into the theatre. This film is emotionally driven, the story is carried forward by the characters and their situations rather than a structured plot. If you insist on linear story telling and can't open your mind to something a little more abstract, you'll have a hard time with this one. In my opinion any movie that evokes such a strong visceral and emotional reaction, be it tears or laughter or even anger is certainly worth seeing. The performances in Day of the Sirens speak for themselves...both the principle actors are phenomenal, Saeed Jaffrey and ESPECIALLY Rik Mayall blew me away. I always thought of him as a great comic actor; the feelings he can exhibit with a facial expression or even just the look in his eyes sent chills up my spine. Go see it, rent it, whatever...even if you end up not liking it, its worth a try. Very British, bigger than TV but maybe too small for the big screen (without big names, a sensible realistic budget and a sizeable P&A budget), I was lucky enough to see this at a festival and I highly recommend it though when it is available DVD.



7 out of 9 people found the following review useful:

Ambitious, 17 April 2004
 
Author: Roger Chester from Southend, England
Ambitious is the best word I could use to describe this film. After reading a press piece by the director Brady I was curious to see on his tiny budget if in fact he had pulled his concept off. Now yes this film is nothing like films coming out of Hollywood, with the exception of perhaps Falling Down, but it's British and designed to play to a different target audience. It is in fact a real curiosity, the director like Goddard in Alphaville, cleverly uses locations and real documentary footage and wonderful sound design (note the corridor sequence a the radio station) to create a genuine feeling of a city under attack, it is never grandiose and ridiculous, in fact it's so darn right colloquial and pedestrian it at times seems so every day normal that it is subversive in that you don't feel like your really watching a dramatisation, more like a weird documentary which therefore begins to get slowly under your skin. Whilst some of the minor characters are weak and two-dimensional all the leads are convincing to excellent in range. A telemovie in reality but an exceptionally good one and on the budget very impressive. Recommended viewing when it comes around on cable.


7 out of 9 people found the following review useful:

Viva la Rik, 22 August 2003
 
Author: Ian Strurrock from Bradford, UK
I knew from the box that I wasn't expecting a comedy but as a big Rik Mayall fan purchase was a must for my collection. Day of the Sirens is a very dark film, several different stories intermingle as you follow characters, get to know them, all live in London which is under attack/siege by a nameless terrorist organization. Rik plays a DJ at Radio Juan, he picks up on the breaking story and runs with it through the day as the scale of the attack becomes obvious he shifts from a cynical hack to a deeply concerned voice of the people, for want of a name calling the attacker the Siren Killer, probably because the city has become full of the sounds of police and ambulance sirens as they rush from one incident to the next. Rik gives an exceptional performance playing a caring parent who worries for his child's safety in a city that has become suddenly very dangerous. Rik brings depth and gravitas to a wacky character who becomes in his own way a hero. This is a very good film, watch it and you'll see a very different side to Rik; it will surprise you and move you.