Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                                
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                                
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                                                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                                
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?oo8rbfkp8ljg0mehzciq5t91bh8v  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?r3tiari3p95vsrxjgkutwdknueu   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5n7u2p5sg04qvtq0u62215itzap   breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?q0svxyoyntp42stwlj6ep8gpbzib  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?g2v0wnjum8koedoolc1g5ud0k3g3  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?j0ntb8n4q8u973winzim7equ0z64  fisting 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?d8lgrt8ymn6xxipmm2fnb5kel7o   vid1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?hda9nejaenv5y6xup2vlpxh9baxg  vid1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?g2v0wnjum8koedoolc1g5ud0k3g3  vid2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gm1nn1vu5wtv0rmv0ubkh2r93z9e  vid2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: First off just so you know I'm not a big talker so I might look like I'm very quiet on the videos. I don't have training on these things since I've never done videos before. When I turned 18 I did do a lot of nude photoshoots with local photogs. Most of them are pervs and want you to do more than pics with them and if they weren't creepy maybe they would get lucky but they ARE all very creepy. Well maybe not the ftv photog but he never seemed to make any suggestion he wanted me. I've got a roomate who is my ex and hes always freaking out about my shoots. Well I'm going to LA soon so he's going to freak out even more. He thinks I'm sleeping with the photogs when I'm really not. If one of them was actually young and cute it might be different. I'm not shy about sex and started when I was 14 and liked it more and more when I got older. I stick to guys my age though I don't have a thing for older guys like some of my friends. I masturbate a couple of times a week but if I'm having sex I prefer that. I didn't even know how to masturbate until I got a vibrator 2 years after losing my virginity. I liked all the toys I used on this shoot. I learned to dance in high school and I took jazz and some ballet. I didn't know I was gonna dance on video though it was embarrassing. I don't want to see that part of the video! I clicked and looked mostly at the photo pages.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Anessa actually applied to FTV when she turned 18 a few months before the actual shoot, but got cold feet and flaked. These were her initial submission photos: #1 #2 #3. A few months went by, and she ended up doing some nude photography with local photographers, then changed her mind and decided to finally shoot 'masturbation', and she sent more pics: #4 #5. So here she is, its a rather cold December day, but she came rather enthusiastic and the shoot ended up being far more then I could ever expect from a first timer. Her positive experience with FTV I can see will likely lead to more shooting with softcore adult sites later on. Actually what eventually led her to shoot with FTV was her friend Tamara (October 2010) whom at the time I didn't know was a close friend of hers. Wearing what you see at the first part of the shoot, I liked the casual look, so we went to a golf course area. A bit timid at first, but in no time she's completely naked running in front of golfers. When her top comes off you really see how perfect (and how large) her breasts are on that small frame.  Then she masturbates with a vibrator, notice that she gets pretty wet down there, and she's more of a shaker and toe-curler. Then some extreme closeups of her very pretty private parts. When she put on that tight leather dress & heels, I'm sure you'll agree it makes her look incredibly sexy. She knows how to walk sexy in those heels, and that body is gifted for an outfit like that. I can only imagine what kind of attention she would get with that on in a club. She then starts fingering, and using a 'g-spot' toy that a member recommended. It seems to work on her, and it does make some nice 'wet noises' inside her.


Model Comments: My boobs get to be size C or D depending on my time of the month and they are in their D size so the photog was happy about it. I'm thinking that when I grow older my boobs wont get saggy because I've seen some girls my age topless and even if they have big breasts they seem to droop down. I don't know why my breasts are still growing and it doesn't come from my mom. You know I think I was also shy about doing ftv because I have my braces on and I thought the photog might not like it. He told me from the start that many people on the website like braces so I'm cool. You're also wondering about me & Tamara. We knew each other all the way from kindergarten. We were like best friends then and even did stupid pranks that only kids would do together and had same age little brothers we'd tease & stuff. But we then lost contact until a year ago when we met again on facebook and had mutual friends. She's the one who told me about ftv and I waited till I turned 18 to contact ftv. We haven't had sex together but I'm willing to try since I've fooled around with girls before. I wanted to try the same things she did on ftv but she's more sex crazy than even me.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Lunch break time -- and her breasts are out for most of the interview. Twice she was seen with her breasts out, fortunately nobody complained. You can't get enough of them, they are just too perfect & what other girls would dream of having. While I was preparing for the shoot out at the parking lot, as playful as she is, she's trying to walk on the pointy curb with her breasts out. So I shot her doing it on video. A slow strip down to nothing, and we get to see that incredible figure naked out in the open again. I don't think she even knows how nice her body really is. The rest of the shoot is all about testing her limits and going kinky, FTV style. Anal play with a glass toy, which she manages to get pretty deep at one point, and then double penetrating with both. Once she gets into it, she seems to enjoy it... Since her friend Tamara fisted, she wanted to try the same, but couldn't go as deep. Pretty close though. A must-have breast massage scene is next. By the way, I didn't shoot as much of her butt, because it got rather rashy unfortunately with play in the grass earlier. Some girls don't react too well with grass. Rather sexy with her hair up and that lingerie (I've come to the conclusion that she's hot in anything she wears). She does a deep heel stuffing scene, then finishes off with the vibraking. Another toe curling orgasm, but not as 'spectacular' as some girls who end up with that toy. Each girl reacts differently... And for those of you who think she's too skinny, she definitely eats a lot. Every chance she got she was eating something, and even when we were done she ended up having some leftovers (last clip). Another supercute teen for FTV, enjoy her first time experience.

oAkPBaADB