FemDom.Ass.Worship.12.XXX.DVDRiP.XviD-VBT


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=31905096242598073548.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=70260148105471478929.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=97319181546736680085.jpg


Aurora Snow, Kyle Stone, Mackenzee Pierce, Sydnee Capri, Nikki Delano, Jeremy Conway, Eric Jover, Ryan McLane


Director Glenn King's MeanBitch Productions caters to guys who are psychologically helpless against a heartless, dominant, big-assed broad. In 'FemDom Ass Worship 12,' uncaring and perverse Mistresses take pleasure from male weaklings, but give back only humiliation! It's another butt fetish specialty from Evil Angel's obsessive Buttman Magazine Choice video line. Glenn's cold femmes fatale destroy their hapless victims via their smothering asses and degrading emotional brutality. Each vignette begins with its fearsome star talking to the camera, taunting you with her big butt and evil intentions. The first intimidator is blonde, sassy, huge-assed Nikki Delano.
This busty executive turns the tables on the scumbag who's blackmailing her. Nikki orders him to tongue-clean her nether regions; she sits her giant, soft ass on his face and tramples it with her bare feet. Next, bitchy TV newscaster Mackenzee Pierce makes her diminutive co-anchor eat her snatch, rim her asshole and worship her sweaty soles. Private investigator Aurora Snow interrupts the extracurricular activities of submissive pervert Eric Jover, threatening to tell his wife; to save his marriage, Eric's got to slurp Aurora's toes, grovel beneath her ass and submit to her every whim. Lastly, fierce black Mistress Sydnee Capri embarrasses her weak boyfriend, Kyle Stone in front of his buddies, berating him for neglecting his chores. She pushes her thick, brown booty into his face and demands a long session of analingus and foot-licking. There's no escaping the verbal abuse or suffocating asses of these mean bitches!