Custom DVD with Menus featuring many of the recent interviews conducted by PrisonPlanet.tv. 15hrs of professionals discussing their observations and research in their specific fields of expertise. Quality suffers here, but the wealth of knowledge shared here is worth the sacrifice in my opinion.

1. Lord Christopher Monckton 3rd Viscount of Brenchley - The Eco-Facist Agenda: Very eye-opening interpretation of The Global Warming/Climate Change science, and the alarmists and their out-right lies that protect the agenda from being shut down.

 

2. Mike Adams-Big Pharma's Secret Agenda: The Health Ranger Mike Adams gives a special presentation Big Pharma's agenda to make sure you die broke, as well as neo-eugenics and how it ties into food contamination and vaccines. Why are they pushing so hard to get you to take vaccines when the science shows that vaccines doesn't really work?

 

3. Alan Watt: Shock And Awe - The Manipulation Of The Human Psyche: In this fascinating in-depth exploration of the human psyche, author Alan Watt explains in detail how the people of the world are moved around by the elite like a domesticated herd of animals by a series of contrived crises and "revolutions," be they cultural, political, sexual or musical, so that the controllers can manipulate human behavior to the outcome they require.
4. Alan Watt: The Neo-Eugenics War On Humanity: Alan Watt continues to divulge his fascinating in-depth insights into how culture is created from the top down and used by the elite to manipulate and pervert natural human instincts towards their own ends. The elite's greatest fear is that the "inferiors" will out-breed the "superiors," which is why they continually push neo-eugenics and are obsessed with inter-breeding to keep their own genetics intellectually pure.

 

5. Catherine Austin Fitts: The Looting Of America: Former Assistant Secretary of Housing under George H.W. Bush Catherine Austin Fitts blows the whistle on how the financial terrorists have deliberately imploded the US economy and transferred gargantuan amounts of wealth offshore as a means of sacrificing the American middle class. Fitts documents how trillions of dollars went missing from government coffers in the 90's and how she was personally targeted for exposing the fraud.

 

6. Jeffrey M. Smith: The GMO Threat: Smith documents how consumption of genetically modified foods has been directly linked with reproductive problems, immune system deficiencies, accelerated ageing, organ damage and gastrointestinal problems. The immune system problem has been seen consistently in mice and rats who are fed GMO food, explains Smith, and now since humans have started consuming genetically modified foods, auto-immune diseases and allergies have increased.

 

7. Webster Tarpley: The Next Decade: In this exclusive interview for Prison Planet.tv subscribers, author Webster Tarpley goes into detail on a whole host of historical, financial and geopolitical issues in a bid to outline the major crises, revolutions and wars that will hit the globe over the next decade and shape the future of our world.

 

8. Willie Nelson & Jesse Ventura: The Lost Interviews: In this never before seen footage exclusively for Prison Planet.tv subscribers, Alex talks with country music icon Willie Nelson and former Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura. Will the American people ever wake up? We'll wake the mother****ers up, proclaims Willie, but Jesse thinks they'll just go back to sleep again. Ventura points out that his generation, from the Vietnam era, are supposed to be in charge today, but have gone back on every single principle they once embraced. The start of the real revolution will only occur when Americans stop reinforcing the two party dictatorship by voting in Democrats and Republicans, points out Ventura.

 

9. Pastor Childress: The Negro Project: New Jersey Pastor Clenard Childress of BlackGenocide.org discusses how The Negro Project was the foundation of today's industrialized abortion industry and how its pioneer, Margaret Sanger, who is still lauded by liberals as a human rights crusader, deliberately set out to sterilize blacks and encourage abortion of black babies in pursuit of a eugenicist drive to create a racially superior master race, a goal she shared with her close friend Adolf Hitler, and one that continues to reverberate through the generations as over 1,700 black babies are killed in the United States every day.

 

10. Dr. Paul Craig Roberts: How The Law Was Lost: Father of Reaganomics Paul Craig Roberts discusses how the American middle class is being systematically dismantled by means of destroying the ladders of upward mobility and offshoring US manufacturing as well as skilled jobs to China and India. He also explains how the rule of law has been eviscerated, greasing the skids for the evisceration of the Constitution and the undue monopoly of power in the executive branch of government, which has created a dictatorial system that threatens political stability.

 

11. Dr. Russell Blaylock: Fluoride's Deadly Secret: A retired neurosurgeon and author whose trailblazing research has tirelessly documented the fact that there is an epidemic of neurological disorders in the western world which are directly connected to toxins in our environment, and how this relates to the larger global eugenics program behind population reduction. In this fascinating interview, Blaylock reveals how depopulation programs forged by the Rockefeller foundation in association with the Nazis were the basis of modern day incarnations of eugenics like fluoride poisoning and vaccinations.

 

12. Rosalind Peterson: The Chemtrail Cover-Up: In this 1-hour plus video exclusive for Prison Planet.tv members, Rosalind Peterson of California Skywatch exposes how chemtrails are being sprayed in our skies as part of a clandestine NASA-military program to geoengineer the environment, and how this project is poisoning not only our air but also our water and food supply. This is a fascinating and detailed insight into who is behind the spraying, what consequences it is having and why they are doing it.

 

13. Professor Paul Connett: Your Toxic Tap Water: Professor of Chemistry at St. Lawrence University in New York, gives a damning interview on the history of water fluoridation, the collusion of major industries to put certified toxic waste into your drinking water, and why government health authorities refuse to conduct scientific studies into the dangers of fluoridation. After watching this video, you will never look at tap water the same way again.

 

14. Alex Abella: Inside The RAND Corporation: Cuban-born journalist and author Alex Abella was allowed exclusive access inside the RAND Corporation to view their archives. What he discovered was a plot driven by mad scientists, behaviorists, and generals who were intent on starting world war three and fleecing the American people in the process. Once he was a skeptic on the subject of conspiracy theories and the new world order, but after his work with the RAND Corporation he is now convinced that this top secret think tank has been pulling the strings of American government for at least 60 years.

 

15. John Lott: More Guns, Less Crime: In a talk given on the very day a gunman was apprehended at the University of Austin, American senior research scientist at the University of Maryland and gun rights expert John Lott explains why guns bans only serve to increase gun crime rates, why the pilots should be armed, and how statistics prove that since the DC handgun ban was lifted, there has been a dramatic drop in the murder rate.

 

16. Bruce Levine: The Rebel Yell: Clinical psychologist Bruce Levine explains how health authorities are increasingly listing individualistic behavior as abnormal in the move to pacify the population through mass medication, the education system and television. Levine provides a compelling alternative approach to treating depression that makes lasting change more likely than with symptom-based treatment through medication.

