Strap.Attack.15.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly

Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=ejbt68yvnsryv99pzibp.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=ea8hw7un5njbms7hpzmm.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=eu7c3rsmxsgwi2nni95a.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=mca3kj3jwmg6n6p002ar.jpg


Starring 	London Keys, Franceska Jaimes, Cassandra Nix, Gabriel, Casey Cumz, Deviant Kade, Stevie Shae, Cheyenne Jewel, Chris


Fem Dom! Starring London Keyes!

Director Joey Silvera reignites the perverse passions behind his popular girl-on-man pegging series: 'Strap Attack 15' is chock-full of gorgeous, young ladies flipping the sodomy script on several lucky, submissive males. First, fiery, voluptuous Latina bombshell Franceska Jaimes conducts a class in ass fucking with her skinny pupil, Deviant Kade. She positions Kade between her fishnet-clad legs, stabs his torso with evil spiked heels and makes him suck her big fake dick. Franceska ties up his cock and balls and invades his rectum with her rubber-gloved fingers and dildo. Besides brutally beating his buttocks with a strap, she masturbates to a squirting climax on his belly. Next, brunette youngster Cassandra Nix gets some relationship help from blonde domme Stevie Shae. Upon seducing Cassandra's boyfriend, Gabriel, into a threesome, the cute bitches double-team the guy, thrusting big strap-on cocks into his face and ass. They jack him off onto his belly and feed the hapless mook his own gooey splooge from two spoons.

Wearing black latex gloves and fetishy lingerie, Asian stunner London Keyes beats Slut Bottom Chris into shape, leaving red welts on his ass cheeks. She enters his back door with her fingers and huge toys. Big-assed brunette Cheyenne Jewel chokes her business-suited male partner with her powerful thighs and muscular arms. After several nude wrestling holds, Cheyenne smothers him with her plump butt, then drills him with her trusty rubber tool. Finally, enigmatic blonde Casey Cumz gives her man the full 'Strap Attack' treatment, including candle-wax torment and ass-to-mouth domination. When these girls don the dongs, cover your ass... but not your eyes! 