Here is part 2 of a collection of useful utilites....


{{{{{{{{{  begin info  }}}}}}}}}

And I have put up a list here as well as in th torrent of the 65 utilities

there may be more or less in the actual torrent...that has a list of the exact utilities

I havent grouped them categorywise in the text file to ensure there are enough seeds...

so you have to take your pick


Droid Explorer
Explore your android device...rooted of course!

Macro Maker
Automate boring and repititive tasks

Kboard for slackers
KBoard is a tool for slackers. Put your feet up and still sound as if you\'re typing away. The default WAV file can be replaced with your own

Input Prank
screws up the keyboard presses

Efficient Reminder Pro
exactly what it says

Capsa Network Analyzer Enterprise
Capsa WiFi is an advanced and reliable wireless network analyzer (packet sniffer, packet analyzer) designed for 802.11 a/b/g/n network monitoring and troubleshooting

Kitty Litter the Anti Sniffer
Kitty Litter The Anti-Sniffer is a handy application that can prevent hackers from capturing logins and passwords and viewing traffic on your wireless network by spamming thousands of false-leads per second that are unidentifiable from your regular browsing habits.

TweakRAM Memory Optimizer
TweakRAM is a handy memory optimizer tool that will keep your computer running faster and efficiently. It increases your system performance by making more memory available for your applications and the operating system.

Super Network Tunnel
Super Network Tunnel is a person http tunnel solution,include client/server,it equal SocksCap+Bidirectional Http Tunnel +Remote Control. Normally used in building a network tunnel between the home and office computer.

Seo Link Pro
Seo Backlink Building Tool

Freeproxy
FreeProxy is professional Freeware which channels requests for internet pages via a single computer and enables many computers to share an internet connection. 

Proxy Finder
Proxy Finder is a small and very easy to use application that allows you to find fresh proxy lists from various proxy servers. 

Webmin
Webmin is a web-based interface for system administration for Unix and for Windows. Using any browser that supports tables and forms (and Java for the File Manager module), you can setup user accounts, Apache, DNS, file sharing and so on.

Installing on Windows : http://www.webmin.com/windows.html

Remote Desktop Spy
Remote Desktop Spy is a powerful computer surveillance program which can be used in the home, school or office to monitor and record every detail of PC and Internet activity.

Joomla!
A content management system based on PHP. Visit site for more details. 
http://www.joomla.org/about-joomla.html

XMedia Email Backup Pro
XMedia Email Backup can save emails, address book, settings, mail and news accounts, message rules, blocked senders lists and signatures to a single, compact, compressed backup file that can be easily restored when necessary. 

Power email verifier
The program works on the same algorithm as ISP mail systems do. There is no need to disturb your clients and friends anymore just to verify their addresses. It connects directly to their SMTP server to check the address you. It does not come to the message sending. It disconnects as soon as mail server informs does this address exist or not. Nothing is sent to the recipient. 

Photo to Cartoon
Photo to Cartoon converts photographs into cartoons with a few clicks. No drawing required!

Pegasus Mail
good old pmail!Who needs outlook check out its features 
http://www.softpedia.com/get/Internet/E-mail/E-mail-Clients/Pegasus-Mail.shtml

PeaZip Compression
Get all the peas in a pod and out of it!

Folder Marker Pro
A handy shell extension that enables you to mark folder icons to indicate a priority level (high, low, normal), level of project completeness (done, half-done, planned), work status (approved, rejected, pending), and type of information stored within (work, important, temp and private files).

Akvis Colouriage
AKVIS Coloriage - Add Color to Black and White Photos. Coloriage manipulates colors of an image: from colorizing old black and white photos from your family archive to replacing colors in your color photos. Make a present for your grandmother by adding color to her school photo, replace the colors of your car to see how it would look in scarlet, see how you will look if you dye your hair red. 

Magic Camera
Magic Camera adds a powerful virtual camera to your system for video chat. You can use it as a real webcam and set pre-recorded video, photo albums, animations and desktop screens as its output.

Apache Web Server
Opensource free web server..must have for network admins

Notepad++
Whats a notepad and twice as good as it?

Stickies
Stickies combines the best and most important features that you could want in a notes program with the added glory of being free.

Mobiledit 4
what would I do without you and the barrage of phones around me? originally uploaded by aoloffline!

WinSCP
FTP and SFTP client exceeded 40 million downloads. I dont believe them do you?

Gladinet Cloud Desktop
I have a chunk of files and a simple windows explorer and a search function that tells me very little. But I have so many computers and all of them are online and I didnt know what to do..not anymore.

Desktop Changer 1.3.2
I want a desktop changer that is less than 20 kb and lets me specify time intervals and even offers previews an runs on windows 7. Am I crazy or what?

Sonic DVD Audio
I want to create a dvd audio disc..

AvoCADo
Autocad just threw up on me and i\'m looking for something lightweight and free!! and under 10 mb and supports collaboration??

3DCrafter
3D Canvas Pro was the best lightweight 3d modeller. guess what now its free!!!

AceMoney PFM
AceMoney helps people organize and manage their personal finances quickly and easily. It supports all the features required for home or even small-business accounting needs. 

Sweethome 3d
A sweet interior design program and OMG its free

Sandboxie
Malware beware! you aint gonna be doing anything in here..

ArtRage Pro
Spoil me with all those options...

3D Analyzer
I cant play the latest games...my graphics card just gives up...no worries now I can emulate my graphics card..worth every penny

Tune up utilities 2009
well little\'s changed except the program getting bloated. somehow still like this.Wish it was free though!

Registry Mechanic
thanks to eagerforcc..

Krento widget engine
I have a high end pc and I dont mind good looks and sound.Maybe you dont so maybe you do?

Microsoft .NET Framework
Mandatory requirement for several programs.

Directx (June 2010)
you might need this to avoid messy dll errors

Airytec Switch off
Shutdown your PC automatically or remotely from any computer or mobile phone

Steganos Privacy Suite
Encryption Indiana Jones would be proud of..

Easus Partition Master
Resize/move, merge, split, hide/unhide, set active partition, wipe disk/partition, rebuild MBR, convert dynamic disk to basic, GPT disk partitioning, convert partition to/from primary/logical, disk surface test.

Diskaid
Simply put an ipod explorer

Hijackthis
Still a good malware identifier.still free...

Flash Owner Guard
I own a website and I am scared someones gonna steal my flash files..
Flash OwnerGuard is the ultimate Security, Copy Protection, Digital Rights Management (DRM), Licensing and Distribution Management solution for Adobe Flash SWF and FLV Video Files

Daemon Tools Pro
How could I miss this after years of bit torrent?

Convertx to dvd
Better off with linux and mencoder but then this isnt a bad alternative...

Bluetooth Soleil
thanks to mfaraz!!!

Virtual dub!!!
Open source video editor. Be sure to read the documentation. 32 bit

Nvidia Video Decoder
thanks to kaktosjaaz!!!

TeamViewer
Collaborative editing anyone?

DFX Audio Enhancer
Enhance your PC Audio

Art Plus Digital Photo
Recover photos from even formatted memory cards...
