Los Super Seven
Los Super Seven


Label: RCA
Released: 1998
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 284 MB
Format: FLAC





Los Super Seven is a predominately Latin American supergroup which debuted in 1998. The group won a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album in 1999 for its self-titled album. The group's musical style has changed with each incarnation, blending sounds from Tejano, Mariachi, Cuban, Afro-Peruvian, Brazilian, blues, rhythm and blues, country, jazz and rock. The personnel included the members of The Texas Tornados, Los Lobos, Calexico, Ozomatli, and other famed musicians.

This southwestern super session brings together Cesar Rosas and David Hidalgo of Los Lobos, Chicano country stars Freddy Fender and Rick Treviño, Texas rocker Joe Ely, norteño accordion wizard Flaco Jimenez, and Tejano bandleader Ruben Ramos to pay homage to the Texan-Mexican tradition. The music is acoustic and generally string-driven, with guitars and violins recalling early mariachi and dancing accordion lines. There are some great party tunes, but ballads are the rule, and Treviño and Fender both show superb grace in their vocals. Ely turns in a heartfelt version of Woody Guthrie's "Deportee," but almost all the songs are in Spanish (with translations in the booklet). Each features only one or two of the headlining singers and there is none of the crowded feel of some all-star efforts, just a relaxed and swinging exploration of the classic Tejano sound.


Personnel

Joe Ely - guitar, vocals
Freddy Fender - vocals
David Hidalgo - guitar, vocals
Flaco Jimenez - accordion, vocals
Ruben Ramos - vocals
Cesar Rosas - guitar, vocals
Rick Treviño - guitar, vocals
Doug Sahm - vocals
Max Baca - bajo sexto, vocals
Joel Guzman - accordion, vocals



Track Listing

1. Canoero (The Canoeist)
2. Piensa en Mí (Think of Me)
3. Mi Ranchito (My Ranch)
4. Un Beso Al Viento (A Kiss to the Wind)
5. La Sirena (The Mermaid)
6. Un Lunes por la Mañana (Early on a Monday Morning) 
7. Deportee (Plane Wreck at Los Gatos)
8. La Morena 
9. Margarita
10. La Madrugada (The Dawn)
11. El Ausente (The Absentee)
12. Río de Tenampa
13. Las Nortenitas
