FC Barcelona have yet another chance to make history this Sunday.  Guardiola\\\'s men are up against South American champions Santos in a bid to add to the World Club Cup Barça won in 2009 – an achievement that only the greatest can dream of.  But to fulfil that dream, Barça will have to overcome another of the world\\\'s legendary clubs.  For their part, Santos will be hoping to add a third trophy to the two they already hold.  It\\\'s a match of great promise that brings together two sides that love to play attractive, attacking football.  The very best football for the greatest spectacle in world club football.

Taking strength from Villa

However, Sunday\\\'s match has been rather overshadowed by the serious injury suffered by David Villa in the semi-final against Qatari champions Al-Sadd (0-4).  The players have been affected by this setback and have pledged to dedicate a win to their team-mate.  They will all be wearing T-shirts with a message of support.  Such is the morale in the team that Pedro has insisted that the injury will only make the squad more determined.  This level of determination has come to the fore on other occasions, such as when Barça won the Champions League without Alves and Abidal, or indeed during the last World Club Cup final without Iniesta.

Alexis Sánchez still a doubt

This time, except for Villa and Afellay, it looks like Guardiola will have a full squad at his disposal, including  Oier, Dos Santos and Cuenca from Barça B.  However, there is still some doubt about Alexis Sánchez, who is nursing a slight leg injury.  It remains to be seen whether Guardiola will go with the same team that brushed aside Al-Sadd or whether he will switch back to a line-up more similar to the one he used in the Bernabeu (1-3).  Just five players started both games.

Neymar the main threat

The Barça defenders will have to be very alert throughout the 90 minutes.  Santos can boast an attacking threesome of the highest order led by Brazilian international Neymar and ably accompanied by Ganso and Borges.  Santos, who beat the Japanese representatives Kashiwa in the semi-finals (1-3), have already admitted that they will surrender possession and look to capitalise on their counterattack using the magic of their three forwards.  It looks certain there won\\\'t be a lack of goals.  The question is – in which net?