 http://bayimg.com/maHhIAaDM

A Brief History of Time (1991) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103882/

A Brief History of Time is a 1991 American documentary film about the physicist Stephen Hawking, directed by Errol Morris. Its title derives from Hawking's bestselling book of the same name, but whereas the book is an explanation of cosmology, the film is a biography of Hawking's life, featuring interviews with family members, colleagues, and his childhood nanny. The music is by Morris's long-time collaborator Philip Glass.

Stephen Hawking's book A Brief History of Time is famous for having sold nearly 6 million copies, most of them to people who never finished reading it. Errol Morris' documentary, based on the book and the life of its author, is like a rebuke: Seeing the movie, I made a resolution that I would go back to the book and this time I really would finish it. Perhaps.

Hawking is the theoretical physicist whose theories about space, time and black holes have formed the way we now think about the universe. His brilliance takes on a poignancy because his mind occupies a body which has been wasting away for years with ALS, a disease that has left him incapable of speech or movement - except of a few fingers with which he uses a computer to communicate with the world. His voice, heard throughout the film, is synthesized.

Morris is a documentarian who usually takes a detached, not to say sardonic, approach to his subjects. His "Gates of Heaven," about pet cemeteries in California, is one of the best films I have ever seen, and his more recent "The Thin Blue Line" freed a man from Death Row in Texas. With Stephen Hawking, he has met his match. He approaches his subject with great seriousness, has no doubts about his importance or greatness, and traces Hawking's relatives and friends for information about his early years.

He was, we find, a brilliant but undisciplined student whose gradual growth into greatness was paralleled by his inexorable physical decay. It's as if the shut-down of his body forced him into quantum mechanics, a pure science that can be investigated entirely in the mind. Morris uses his usual stark graphics to illustrate Hawking's ideas; as the physicist's disembodied voice asks, "which came first, the chicken or the egg?" we see a chicken and then an egg.

Morris has always been obsessed with the placement and lighting of his interview subjects, and in "A Brief History of Time" he carries this to an extreme. Although it appears that the subjects have been questioned on location in their offices and homes, actually every one of the interviews takes place in a set built on a sound stage. Even Hawking is not really in his office, but in a set that looks like his office.

The result is a film that curiously feels more suggestive than it is.

Something eerie in Morris' style gives a portent even to the memories about Hawking's childhood. And then there are passages such as the one where Morris tries to visualize what it would be like for an imaginary astronaut to fall into a black hole. At some point, physicist Brandon Carter says, he might see the history of the universe spinning backward to the moment of creation. At more or less that same moment, alas, the astronaut would find his body so elongated by the pull of the black hole's gravity that he might measure only a molecule around. "It would be a very exciting way to end one's life," he observes.

Errol Morris, director of the motion picture A Brief History of Time, has succeeded in producing an entertaining and yet insightful documentary on a subject which most people considered impossible to portray. Although the film is said to be "based on Stephen Hawking's best-selling book," it is much more than just a documentary on the theories and work of Hawking documented in his book, providing a glimpse of Stephen Hawking as a person as well as as a physicist.

The movie progresses as a series of provocative questions into the nature of our universe interspersed among anecdotes about Hawking's life told by his friends, his family, and his colleagues. Morris explained this style, saying "I think that I have been able to run two stories next to each other ... which enriched each other." Through these anecdotes one gets a picture of how others look at Hawking. In one story, a peer of Hawking's at Oxford explains how one day he and his friends came to understand that because of Hawking's sheer brilliance, "not only were we not on the same street, we weren't even on the same planet."

Viewers come to know Hawking's personality best through his own narrations about his life and its influences. He talks about his schooling at Oxford and later work at Cambridge University, constantly showing his sense of humor and providing a comfortable atmosphere for the audience to get closer to him. Watching the historical chronology of Hawking's life played next to his narrations of the ideas he held at the time, one is able to get a clear picture of how Hawking's life has influenced his work and his ideas.

Morris' choice to not focus on Hawking's debilitating Atrophic Lateral Sclerosis must be commended. It allows viewers to get past that aspect of Hawking and come closer to understanding who he really is. The movie gives a picture of Hawking as a brilliant, witty, and high-spirited individual.

As the movie progresses, the focus shifts from Hawking as a person to Hawking as a physicist. By providing clear, easy-to-understand explanations, Hawking makes it possible for the layperson to understand his views on the nature of time, the Big Bang, the quantum effects involved in Hawking radiation (the particles emanating from black holes), and the possible existence of a supreme being.

However, Hawking most certainly does not answer all of these questions. Throughout the movie, he presents questions for the viewer to ponder such as "How real is time?" "Will it ever come to an end?" and "Why does the universe go through the bother of existing?"

The musical score for the movie, written by Phillip Glass, accentuated the movie's emotional highs and lows well and added to a feeling of the mystery of the universe.

By the end of the movie, the viewer has a broad understanding of who Steven Hawking is, a basic knowledge of the nature of our universe, and plenty of questions to mull over in his or her mind.


