Distant worlds: Legends

Distant Worlds: Legends is the highly anticipated second expansion to the critically acclaimed 4X space strategy game Distant Worlds. Legends is a huge step forward which brings the Distant Worlds universe to life.  A new character system includes Leaders, Admirals, Generals, Governors, Ambassadors, Scientists and Agents, each with defined abilities and traits and opportunities to advance and grow over time.  Expanded gameplay for all existing races includes new race-specific events, technologies and victory conditions which create a completely different game depending on your choices.  An expanded tech tree also awaits, with dedicated carriers, cutting lasers, rail guns, new planetary facilities and wonders, and much more (including a new hidden faction)!

Distant Worlds: Legends also includes a new model for borders and spheres of influence for each faction, as well as new fleet management and automation commands.  The interface has been improved with additional overlays for the main galaxy map, including route indicators for all ships and fleet posture indicators, all to make it easier to keep track of activity and strategy. A new setup option allows galaxies to also be larger in map size as well as number of stars.  Empire Policies have been expanded with new options and Diplomacy has been overhauled to be much more intelligent and to include mining and refuelling rights.  Finally, the AI has been improved in all areas and modding support has been greatly expanded to allow modders to take full advantage of all the new features.

All of this together makes Distant Worlds: Legends an essential addition to the vast, living galaxy of Distant Worlds!


Whats included:

This Contains the following
Distant Worlds (Main Game) http://www.matrixgames.com/products/379/details/Distant.Worlds
Distant Worlds - Return of the Shakturi (1st Expansion) http://www.matrixgames.com/products/398/details/Distant.Worlds.-.Return.of.the.Shakturi
Distant Worlds - Legends (2nd Expansion) http://www.matrixgames.com/products/415/details/Distant.Worlds.-.Legends


Patch info:

The game is already patched upto the latest version v1.7.0.7

Proof the game works: 
http://bayimg.com/KalLkaADK


How to Install:

1). After downloading extract the file with winrar or 7zip or whatever u like to use.
2.) Play the game.



This is my 1st torrent so forgive my noobness if any.
The files are checked with AVG Antivirus and show clean

This is not my work, I just found it on another website from where i downloaded and uploaded it on TPB as this game deserves to be spread.

Plz buy the game if u like it, these guys really need our support for all the work the 2 guys put into making this game.