Alot of people who claim to be Red Hot Chili Pepper fans are always talking about how great of an album Californication and By The Way are. Now don't get me wrong they are amazing albums, but I think that alot of the Chili Peppers creativeness comes from their older albums, especially The Uplift Mofo Party Plan. My two favorite songs on this album are Walkin' On Down The Road and Organic Anti-Beat Box Band. These songs show that this band doesn't think inside the box. They always do something entirely different and this album shows that. Like on the song Behind The Sun, Hillel plays the sitar and the song sounds INCREDIBLY COOL with it. And Flea is amazing throughout the entire album, especially on Skinny Sweaty Man and Love Trilogy. Anthony Kiedis' vocals show that you dont have stay within the limits of being a singer, and you can be totaly crazy and it sounds amazingly good, and it just goes so well with the song and style of music. Jack Irons style of drumming goes insanely well with Flea's bass style and it makes the songs sound really good. Overall this album is definitely one of the Chili Peppers most creative and inspirational albums ever. And if you seriously want to become a true fan of them, you better pick this album up. 

by FleaBassPlyr101 "Joey"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Fight Like A Brave.wma                                      
02 - Funky Crime.wma                                             
03 - Me And My Friends.wma                                       
04 - Backwoods.wma                                               
05 - Skinny Sweet Man.wma                                        
06 - Behind The Sun.wma                                          
07 - Subterranean Homesick Blues.wma                             
08 - Party On Your Pussy.wma                                     
09 - No Chump Love Sucker.wma                                    
10 - Walkin' On Down The Road.wma                                
11 - Love Trilogy.wma                                            
12 - Organic Anti-Beat Box Band.wma                              
13 - Behind The Sun (Instrumental Demo).wma                      
14 - Me And My Friends (Instrumental Demo).wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO