AVG Internet Security Business Edition 2011.10.0.1375a3626 Final(x86)


AVG Internet Security Business Edition 2011 - Ultimate endpoint security for your employees’ laptops and PCs. File Server protection to prevent malware from spreading across your network. Email Server protection against spam, phishing and email threats. Automated Security Updates plus security monitoring and reporting.

Business data is every bit as attractive as personal data to cyber criminals.

AVG Data Protection goes way beyond typical identity theft protection solutions and identifies software that is behaving suspiciously in order to protect your business data and identity.

AVG Smart Scanning scans while you’re away and runs in low-priority mode when you’re working. AVG 2011’s scans are faster too, saving your business time by using our unique Smart Scanning technology.

The Internet is your business’s key to success. From online transactions and email communications to handling sensitive customer data, AVG Internet Security Business Edition is designed to dynamically protect your Internet-active business from today’s most sophisticated online threats.

With multiple layers of protection, smart scanning and a user-friendly management console, it’s the ultimate solution for businesses that need peace of mind from software that’s engineered to be high on protection, light on resources and easy-to-use.

Ultimate protection for your laptops, PCs, file server and email server, all in one easy-to-deploy package:

Secure your business automatically from the latest and toughest Internet threats with AVG LinkScanner® - ENHANCED
Shows safety ratings in search engine results and ensures every web page your staff visits is safe – before they land on them. Learn more
Protect your business’s identity and ensure safe online business transactions with AVG Data Protection
Identifies and blocks software that is behaving suspiciously in order to protect your business identity and data Learn more
Unclutter and protect your email servers with AVG email server protection
Keeps your email server free from viruses and spam, ensuring the smooth running of your vital email system. Learn more
Save valuable time with AVG’s Smart Scanning - ENHANCED
Scans while you’re away and runs in low-priority mode when you’re working. AVG 2011’s scans are faster too, saving your business time by using our unique Smart Scanning technology. Learn more
Keep hackers out of your network with AVG Firewall - ENHANCED
Smart intrusion detection capabilities keep hackers out and your wired and wireless networks secure. Learn more
Keep tough threats out of your business with AVG’s core layers of protection - ENHANCED
AVG Protective Cloud Technology, Anti-Spyware and Smart Anti-Rootkit technology make sure your business can’t receive or unintentionally spread even the toughest threats.

Banking and shopping online
• AVG Identity Protection - Keeps your private information safe from known and unknown threats
• NEW Enhanced Firewall - Prevents hackers from seeing inside your computer

Surfing and searching the web, social networking
• LinkScanner® Active Surf-Shield - Ensures every web page you visit is safe – even before you go there
• LinkScanner® Search-Shield - Applies safety ratings to your Google, Bing/MSN and Yahoo search results
• NEW Superior Phishing Protection - Checks to make sure web pages really are what they appear to be

Emailing, chatting, and downloading
NEW Enhanced Anti-Spam - Blocks spammers and scammers from clogging your system
Web Shield - Lets you download and exchange files without risking virus infections
E-mail Scanner - Keeps you safe from dangerous attachments and links in your e-mail

Whether you’re online or offline
• Anti-Virus - Makes sure you can’t get or spread a virus, worm, or Trojan horse
• Anti-Spyware - Prevents unauthorized information access by spyware and adware
• Anti-Rootkit - Ensures even the toughest and most sophisticated threats are kept out of your PC
• Game Mode - Keeps you safe without interrupting your game-play
• Update Manager - Makes sure you’re always protected against the latest threats – automatically
• System Tools - Lets you customize how AVG protection works with your system

Home Page - http://www.avg.com/


