This 1984 release--one of the most anticipated of that year, eventually going platinum--saw Deep Purple's most successful line-up in a somewhat tentative reunion, fortunately bowing to pressure from their public to record and tour again. The first (and best) document of Purple's 80s reunion era, "Perfect Strangers" is a thrilling album, one of the supergroup's finest. The compositional output of Roger Glover, Ritchie Blackmore, and Ian Gillan is rough and gutsy, while remaining mystic and intriguing. 
The near lack of sincerity of Deep Purple's reunited friendship is showcased in the hard-hitting, gripping songs, such as the agressive 'Under the Gun,' 'A Gypsy's Kiss,' and the anti-preachy 'Nobody's Home,' as the shaky reunion is captured more sympathetically on the ominous title cut. 'Hungry Daze' and 'Wasted Sunsets' are a gaze back at Purple's fast-living days past (one full of fury, the other longing and lonesome), and 'Knocking At Your Back Door' gave the group a smash hit single. 'Son Of Alerik' is a bonus track for this remaster, a driven and alluring studio jam.
The sound of the musicianship on this album could not be immitated; Blackmore's trademark guitar is facinating, Glover's bass reaches brilliant madness, Gillan's barbed wire voice soars, as Jon Lord's organ is a highlight as usual, and drummer Ian Paice remains out of his head. This album is a landmark for Deep Purple, and is aptly titled--the band was reunited only by pressure from their public, making them no longer musical mates, but "Perfect Strangers." Not withstanding, the group were not strangers at all when it came to their common goal of making music.

by Bud

TRACKLIST:

01 - Knockin' At Your Back Door.wma                              
02 - Under The Gun.wma                                           
03 - Nobody's Home.wma                                           
04 - Mean Streak.wma                                             
05 - Perfect Strangers.wma                                       
06 - Gypsy's Kiss, A.wma                                         
07 - Wasted Sunsets.wma                                          
08 - Hungary Daze.wma                                            
09 - Not Responsible (Bonus Track).wma

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!