[Planning: STOSSEL prior to 20110113 archived offline. Post a comment in the
           most recent episode listing to request a re-seed.]
[Planning: No new STOSSEL torrents will be posted, and no root-seeding
           from 04FEB-13FEB due to personal business. During this time,
           do what you can to keep existing swarms alive.]
----------
I appreciate your interest here! Want to give back to this effort?
Volunteer bitcoin to:

14prNxpuEgZwfKgjoy163zScawo7AiHuQk

learn: bitcoincharts.com
----------



STOSSEL - [Sports] - Fox Business Network
2011, February 03, Thursday

(includes John's State of the Union address)

Xvid/MP3 AVI - encoded from medium quality ReplayTV stream

-----
[excerpted from John Stossel's blog:]

February 3, 2011 02:07 PM UTC by John Stossel
Tonight’s Show: Get the Busybodies Out of Sports

My FBN show this week is about the central planners and their rules about sports.

Will you bet on the Super Bowl this Sunday? I will, and so will millions of other Americans. But the central planners say such gambling is a danger to us and to the integrity of sport. Organized sports betting is illegal most everywhere, and even a social bet with a friend is against the law in many states.

And although lots of Americans may have taken up the hot new sport of mixed martial arts, the citizens of my state are so sensitive and vulnerable that the central planners have decided that they must protect us from being exposed to the UFC, the highest level of MMA. I confront one of the regulators on the show tonight.

All the rules make me wonder: what if the busybodies were around when sports were invented?

Legend says that the original “marathon runner" was a Greek messenger who ran from the town of Marathon to Athens to announce that the Persians had been defeated.  Then he collapsed and died. If today's central planners were around then, they would have banned marathon running.

Would they have allowed football? No way. I can imagine the promoter’s pitch:

Mr. Politician, I am going to organize two teams of men -- some of whom weigh 300 pounds -- and have them smash into each other. Some of the players will get concussions.

There’s no way that would be allowed. The central planners would demand to know: Is the grass protected? Did I get permission from the state to have a public event? Will my athletes set a good example? Do I have enough women and disabled players? Can I tone down the violence? And so on. If football were introduced today, events like the Super Bowl would never happen.

President Teddy Roosevelt once threatened to ban the sport.

Congress loves to stick its nose into sports because it brings the narcissists the media attention they crave.  Since 2000, there have been 11 congressional hearings related to Major League Baseball.

This micro-managing is nuts. Across countries and cultures, kids set up games, make rules, and have a good time … all without adults imposing rules, much less the force of government. Why today, do adult sports need so much regulation from central planners?

They don't.

Government's busybodies should GET OUT. They're killing the fun.