Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Hero" is a single by Chad Kroeger, the lead singer of Nickelback, recorded in 2002 for the soundtrack to the film Spider-Man. The recording features Kroeger; Josey Scott, the lead singer of Saliva; Tyler Connolly, guitarist and lead singer of Theory of a Deadman; Paul Iverson - bassist of Strange Advance; Mike Kroeger, bassist of Nickelback; Matt Cameron, drummer of Pearl Jam; and Jeremy Taggart, drummer of Our Lady Peace (for the video). It is generally credited in full to "Chad Kroeger featuring Josey Scott."

There are two versions of this song, one with an orchestral background and one without.

The music video consists of the band, except for Matt Cameron, playing on top of a building in New York City, with footage of the movie spliced in between, and was directed by Nigel Dick.

The song has won at MTV Video Music Awards 2002 for the Best Video from a Film.

Reviewing the song for NME, Imran Ahmed drew a strong comparison to "How You Remind Me", Kroeger's 2001 international breakthrough with Nickelback, calling the formula for both "Commercial grunge + MOR sensibility = Nu-MOR hit."

The song was featured on the soundtrack to Spider-Man and became a cross-genre hit in mid-2002, peaking at number one on the Billboard Modern Rock and Mainstream Rock charts, number three on the Billboard Hot 100, and also winning considerable airplay at contemporary hit radio, hot adult contemporary and modern adult contemporary radio formats. "Hero" became 4× Platinum in the U.S. and 8× Platinum in Canada. It also did well in the United Kingdom, peaking at number four.

The song was the result of a collaboration between Kroeger and Scott. Scott told Yahoo!'s entertainment news service LAUNCH. "He had the idea for the song 'Hero' so I came up to Vancouver and met him. He pitched me the idea, and I thought that was pretty dope. So we sort of tweaked it, together, laid down some harmonies on it, and played everything from congas to acoustics on it."

Matt Cameron, who played drums on the track did not appear in the music video and cited family issues as the reason. He was replaced with Our Lady Peace drummer Jeremy Taggart.

Alice in Chains guitarist Jerry Cantrell was originally picked to play the solo (later played by Connolly), but pulled out because he was concentrating on his solo album. He did however contribute a song to the soundtrack called "She Was My Girl".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/