PINK FLOYD  Wish you were here.

My personal fave album by floyd its a technical masterpiece.It has a strange beat 

pattern on the intro/out shine on you crazy diamond (known as shine)The song is broken down below-i did do a you tube vid years ago on how to play it but its so easy just google shine on you crazy diamond guitar tabs.plus i think the vids long gone.


Side one 
No. Title Music Lead vocals Length 
1. "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" (Parts I–V) Wright, Waters, Gilmour (Part I)
Gilmour, Waters, Wright (Part II)
Waters, Gilmour, Wright (Part III)
Gilmour, Wright, Waters (Part IV)
Waters, Gilmour, Wright (Part V) Waters 13:38 
2. "Welcome to the Machine"   Waters Gilmour 7:30 

Side two 
No. Title Music Lead vocals Length 
1. "Have a Cigar"   Waters Harper 5:24 
2. "Wish You Were Here"   Waters, Gilmour Gilmour 5:17 
3. "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" (Parts VI–IX) Wright, Waters, Gilmour (Part VI)
Waters, Gilmour, Wright (Part VII)
Gilmour, Wright, Waters (Part VIII)
Wright (Part IX) Waters 12:29 

As neither the original vinyl release (1975) nor the CD re-release actually delineates precisely the various divisions, the make-up of the Parts below is based on a comparison of the recorded timings with the identifications in the published sheet music. Without benefit of the publication, it is easy to perceive Parts I and II as Part I, Part III as therefore Part II, and so on, with the extensive postlude of Part V (at 11:10) as the beginning of the fifth section.

Part I (Wright, Waters, Gilmour; from 0:00 – 3:54) begins with the fading-in of a dense G-minor synthesizer pad created with EMS VCS 3, an ARP Solina, a Hammond organ and the sound of wet fingers running around the rims of wine glasses filled with various amounts of water (recycled from an earlier project known as Household Objects). This is followed by plaintive Minimoog passages followed by a lengthy, bluesy guitar solo played by David Gilmour on a Fender Stratocaster (neck pickup) using a heavily compressed sound and reverb. The harmony changes from G minor to D minor at 2:29, then to C minor, and back to G minor. This is repeated again, and the part ends with the synth pad fading into the background.

Part II (Waters, Gilmour, Wright; from 3:55 – 6:26) begins with a four-note theme (B♭, F, G, E) repeated throughout much of the entire section. This theme leads the harmony to C major (in comparison to the use of C minor in Parts I and II). This part includes a second solo by Gilmour. Nick Mason starts his drumming after the fourth run-through of the four-note theme, which is the point where the riffs get into a fixed tempo, in 6/8 time.

Part III (Gilmour, Wright, Waters; from 6:27 – 8:41) begins with a Minimoog synthesizer solo by Richard Wright. This part includes a third Gilmour guitar solo which is bluesy in tone. When performed on the Animals tour, Gilmour added distortion to the guitar for this solo. (this bluesy guitar solo is often dropped in live performances whilst the rest of part iii is still played - notably Delicate Sound of Thunder and Pulse.)

Part IV (Waters, Gilmour, Wright; from 8:42 – 11:09) Roger Waters is on lead vocals, with David Gilmour, Richard Wright and female backing vocalists on harmonies.

Part V (Waters, Gilmour, Wright; from 11:08 - 13:30) Part IV is followed by two guitars repeating an arpeggio riff for about a minute. A baritone saxophone overlays the sounds, played by Dick Parry. It ends as the saxophone changes from a baritone saxophone to a tenor saxophone. After, a time signature switch from 3/4 to 6/8 creates the appearance that the tempo speeds up, though the arpeggio guitar part remains unchanged, in the background. The sax solo is accompanied by an ARP string synthesizer keyboard sound. A machine-like hum fades in and segues into "Welcome to the Machine".

