I am the Stones Authority. I'm finally getting around to reviewing the late generation Stones albums. This is a very good album. It was a really good tour also. Great Show. This is the second of the two studio albums supported with tours by the Stones in 90's, Voodoo Lounge being the other - also a very good album. Not a lot of output for a decade, but what they did put out (along with Stripped, a live and somewhat acoustic small band Stones compilation) was quality. They would never again be the Top 40 wonders they were after their foray in 1981 with Tattoo You, times change, tastes change - the 90's gave us Rap music and Seattle Grunge. Oh well, that is what the kids were liking then, but if you were a die hard Stones fan - as I am - then your long wait between albums would not disappoint. "Saint Of Me" is a killer track, as is "Out Of Control". These two songs would have stood tall in any previous Stones album. And other tracks such as "Anybody Seen My Baby", a mesmerizing plaint of modern urban ennui and love lost, and "Too Tight", a whimsical and maybe even somewhat nostalgic little rocker harking back to the days of Emotional Rescue's "Let Me Go" and "She's So Cold", as does Keith's little number "You Don't Have To Mean It", continue to show the Stones off as diverse and capable of touching all the zones and genres, effortlessly and enchantingly. I hate to say it, but even maturely. The thing about all of the music on this album is that it sets a mood. It is a cohesive album start to finish. And it casts a spell that makes it hard to put off once it starts. This album and Voodoo Lounge are as fine an example as any of their work that the Stones are greater than the sum of their parts. That individually, however talented they may be when apart from each other, something special and magical happens when the boys get together and the others join in. Channeling the Spirits of the past - and a bygone era. This album with Voodoo Lounge and the recently released BIgger Bang leaves me hoping that their is still time for at least one more, once more before the age passes and the door closes forever on an era now bygone and fading on the yellowed pages of history.

by M. Hughes

TRACKLIST:

01 - Flip The Switch.wma                          
02 - Anybody Seen My Baby.wma                     
03 - Low Down.wma                                 
04 - Already Over Me.wma                          
05 - Gunface.wma                                  
06 - You Don't Have To Mean It.wma                
07 - Out Of Control.wma                           
08 - Saint Of Me.wma                              
09 - Might As Well Get Juiced.wma                 
10 - Always Suffering.wma                         
11 - Too Tight.wma                                
12 - Thief In The Night.wma                       
13 - How Can I Stop.wma          

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

Follow Me On Facebook Pages: MarcelodrgzTPB