Five Novels by Gary Braver,Epub,Mobi



Elixir
When biologist Chris Bacon headed for the unspoiled rainforests of Papua New Guinea in search of medicinal plants, he had no idea that he would bring home a rare flower rumored by a tribal shaman to prevent human aging. Driven by fountain-of-youth dreams, he plans to turn the flower into an elixir of youth and health.
But as Chris begins tampering with the ultimate secret of nature, he unleashes forces that not only threaten his own family, but expose the world to unimaginably horrific consequences.

Gray Matter
Rachel Whitman and her husband have everything: a big new house in a fancy Boston suburb, all the brand-name "toys" that go along with wealth, and best of all, a gorgeous, sweet little six-year-old son named Dylan.
But Dylan has learning disabilities. Although intelligence isn't everything, Rachel fears her son will grow up never fully appreciating the wonders of life. Tortured by the idea that something she did in the past caused Dylan's problems, Rachel becomes obsessed with a secret-- and expensive-- medical procedure that claims to turn "slow" children into geniuses.
Should she and her husband sacrifice their new fortune on the risky, experimental procedure for the sake of their son's happiness? Unaware of the real consequences of the brain enhancement procedure, Rachel can't know that the costs of the operation are far more than financial.

Flashback
If you could relive your childhood, would you? What if you had no choice?
On the thirty-fifth anniversary of his parents' mysterious drowning, Jack Koryan returns to his family beach cottage. During a swim, Jack is attacked by a school of rare jellyfish whose toxic stings put him in a coma for three years.
When he awakens, he finds that the jellyfish toxin has left him with an extraordinary memory that impresses his doctors. This discovery is complicated by flashbacks: some, pleasant childhood vignettes, others, confusing flashes of violence that leave him quaking in horror.
Jack wonders if he's losing his mind, but that fear is dispelled by Rene Ballard, a pharmacologist working on the world's first cure for Alzheimer's Disease. She wants to test Jack because the basis of the drug is the very jellyfish toxin that sent Jack into a coma. And, while several test patients have miraculously regained functionality, others are also experiencing dangerous flashback seizures.
Ballard's revelation sets Jack on a quest to discover what is happening to him. He and Rene uncover a sinister pattern of lies and deceit that has left behind a trail of bodies, and several elderly patients stuck in a past that they cannot emerge from--or don't want to.

Skin Deep
Someone is killing the most alluring women of Boston. Someone whose keen eye for beauty masks a twisted mind. Someone who insinuates himself into his victims' lives and leaves them with nothing but an elegant black stocking knotted around their necks.
Homicide detective Lt. Steve Markarian must stop the killer before another vulnerable woman is sacrificed—possibly even his own estranged wife.
Beset with loneliness and addictions, Steve pursues leads all over greater Boston—from the haunts of blue-blooded Brahmins, to seedy strip joints, to mansions by the sea, to the halls of prestigious universities, to the offices of his own precinct—and to the recesses of his own heart, only to discover that he himself may actually be the killer.
In this stunning psychological thriller, bestselling author Gary Braver explores the nature of beauty, how women may strive to achieve it, and the forbidden yearnings that kill in its name.

Tunnel Vision
"A wonderfully frightening and insightful tale." Ray Bradbury 

What if you didn't have to die to know if there's a heaven?
And what if the evidence could get you killed?
Twenty-five-year-old Zack Kashian has a biking accident on the Boston streets and lapses into a coma. When he suddenly snaps awake months later muttering the Lord's Prayer in the original Aramaic, the media is abuzz about the 'Miracle Man,' and religious fanatics flock to his hospital bedside.
Zack's revival also catches the attention of a small group of neuroscientists conducting secret research into near-death experiences. Their objective: to determine if there is anything to the claims of trips down tunnels into the celestial light. In other words: is there an afterlife or is it all neurobiology?
If they can verify the existence of the afterlife and, by extension, God, that would be the greatest religious discovery ever. But dark forces also take an interest in 'Miracle Man' Zack. To some, near death experiences are not glimpses of heaven, but blasphemous deceptions by Satan himself. These people will stop at nothing to disrupt the experiments . . 
Thriller master Gary Braver creates a chilling exploration of death . . . and life.


Enjoy!