Little Feat
The Last Record Album


Label: Warner Bros
Released: 1975
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 228 MB
Format: FLAC





The title of The Last Record Album isn't literally accurate, but it cuts a lot closer than the band intended, for this is really is the last album of the group's classic era. 

Starting with this album, leader Lowell George fades into the woodwork, and while the remainder of the group tries valiantly to keep the band afloat, the timing of friction was wrong and the amount of tension was too great. 

Musically, the group attempts to make Feats Don't Fail Me Now, Pt. 2, but the production from George is curiously flat, and, truth be told, the group just isn't inspired enough to make a satisfying album. For a very short album -- only eight songs -- too many of the cuts fall flat. 

Those that succeed, however, are quite good, particularly Paul Barrere and Bill Payne's gently propulsive "All That You Dream," Lowell George's beautiful "Long Distance Love," and the sublime "Mercenary Territory." 

Even these songs don't have the spark or character they would have had on the more organic Feats, due to George's exceedingly mellow So-Cal production, which is pleasant but doesn't provide Little Feat with enough room to breathe. 

There are enough signs of Little Feat's true character on The Last Record Album -- the three previously mentioned songs are essential for any Feat fan -- to make it fairly enjoyable, but it's clear that the band is beginning to run out of steam. 

The CD reissue of The Last Record Album includes two bonus tracks, "Don't Bogart That Joint" and "A Apolitical Blues," that were originally included on the 1978 live album Waiting for Columbus. 

They were pulled from the CD reissue of that album due to time restrictions, and appeared here instead (by Stephen Thomas Erlewine).


Personnel

Paul Barrère - guitar, vocals
Sam Clayton - congas
Lowell George - vocals, guitar
Kenny Gradney - bass
Richard Hayward - drums, vocals
Bill Payne - keyboards, synthesizer, vocals


Additional Personnel

Valerie Carter - backing vocals (tracks 3 and 5)
John Hall - guitar (track 2)
Fran Tate - backing vocals (tracks 3 and 5)


Track Listing

1."Romance Dance" (Paul Barrère, Bill Payne) – 3:49
2."All That You Dream" (Barrère, Payne) – 3:52
3."Long Distance Love" (Lowell George) – 2:43
4."Day or Night" (Payne, Fran Tate) – 6:24
5."One Love Stand" (Barrère, Gradney, Payne) – 4:26
6."Down Below the Borderline" (George) – 3:41
7."Somebody's Leavin'" (Payne) – 5:07
8."Mercenary Territory" (George, Hayward) – 4:27
9."Bonus Announcement"
10."Don't Bogart That Joint" (live) (E. Ingber, L. Wagner) – 1:03
11."A Apolitical Blues" (live) (George) – 3:41
