
Release Title: The Departed BRrip 720p X264 AAC vice (HDScene Release)

Storyline: At a young age, Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon) is introduced to organized crime through Irish mobster Frank Costello (Jack Nicholson) in the Irish neighborhood of Southie in Boston. Costello trains him to become his mole inside the Massachusetts State Police. Sullivan is accepted into the Special Investigations Unit (SIU), which focuses on organized crime. Before he graduates from the police academy, Billy Costigan (DiCaprio) is asked by Captain Queenan (Sheen) and Staff Sergeant Dignam (Wahlberg) to become an undercover agent, as his childhood and family ties to organized crime make him a perfect infiltrator. He drops out of the academy and does time in prison on a fake assault charge to increase his credibility.As both infiltrate their respective organizations, Sullivan begins a romance with psychiatrist Madolyn Madden (Farmiga). Costigan sees her for his probation and also develops a relationship with her. Shortly after, Costigan makes love to her before she moves in with Sullivan. After Costello barely escapes a sting operation, both moles become aware of the other's existence (though not his identity). Sullivan is told to find the "rat" and asks Costello for his crew's information to determine who is the informer within Costello's crew. Costigan follows Costello into a movie theater where Costello gives Sullivan an envelope with the details. Costigan then chases Sullivan through Boston's Chinatown, during which Sullivan pulls out a pocket knife and stabs an innocent bystander in the stomach, thinking he was Costigan. When it is over, both men still do not know each other's identity. Sullivan then has Queenan tailed as he meets Costigan in an abandoned building. Sullivan sends Costello's men in and Queenan distracts them to let Costigan escape. He is thrown from the roof and dies at the feet of Costigan, who is covered in some of Queenan's blood. When the mobsters escape, Costigan pretends he has come to rejoin them. The trailing state troopers open fire on Costello's crew, which causes casualties on both sides. Later, at one of Costello's safe houses, Delahunt (one of Costello's enforcers) tells Costigan "I gave you the wrong address--but you went to the right one" but then asks him if he knows why he didn't say anything about it before dying. When Costello's henchman, Fitzgibbons, known as "Fitzy," (O'Hara) does an unsuccessful job of hiding Delahunt's corpse, it's revealed that Delahunt was also an undercover cop with the Boston PD. Costello says, "They're saying he's a cop so I won't look for the cop.

Release date: October 6, 2006

File size: 2.53GB



IMDB Link:   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407887/

Genre: Crime | Drama | Mystery

Cast:

Leonardo DiCaprio ... Billy Costigan
Matt Damon ... Colin Sullivan
Jack Nicholson ... Frank Costello
Mark Wahlberg ... Staff Sgt. Dignam
Martin Sheen ... Cpt. Queenan
Ray Winstone ... Mr. French
Alec Baldwin ... Cpt. Ellerby
Vera Farmiga ... Madolyn




::Video Specification::

Container: mp4(.AVC)
Video Codec Type: X264
Average video bitrate: 2 046 Kbps
Maximum video bitrate: 14.4 Mbps
Encoding type: 2 Pass
Resolution: 1280x528
Quality Factor(QF): 0.126
Frame Rate: 23.976 fps
Source: The Departed 2006 BluRay 1080p ac3-LoNeWoLfThanks!

::Audio Specification::

Audio Language: English
Audio Codec: ACC
Bitrate: 315 Kbps Variable
Sample Rate: 48.0 KHz
Channel Count: 2 channels

NOTE
We are searching for good encoders.Contact us if you wish to be in our gang!
We are always searching for new affliates,dedicated servers and early sources.You are most welcome if you can provide them.
If you like our encodes,keep them alive!
GREETZ: DarkScene,Hawkseye,Noir,SceneUG,TheFalcon007,SUDesigner,HDScene Encoders,,TorrentState,Kingdom RG,MnM-RG,HDLiTE,UKB-KvCD,Movie-Torrentz,AhaShare,Torrent-Force RG,Fastline RG,1337x,Resource RG,ExtraTorrent RG,DDR all SceneUG releasers and Uploaders and all other p2p release groups out there!

 
http://img251.imageshack.us/img251/8414/departedmp4snapshot0009.jpg
 
http://img404.imageshack.us/img404/8414/departedmp4snapshot0009.jpg
 
http://img94.imageshack.us/img94/5928/departedmp4snapshot0045.jpg
 
http://img819.imageshack.us/img819/4099/departedmp4snapshot0150.jpg
 
http://img291.imageshack.us/img291/8786/departedmp4snapshot0211.jpg