Styles: Delta Blues
Released: 1999
Label: Boogie Barbeque
Art: Full

mp3   320kbps


1. Juke - 7:42
2. This Morning Before Sunrise - 5:00
3. When We Gone - 2:36
4. 3 Time Loser - 6:11
5. Harporama - 2:33
6. Working Mule - 3:15
7. Cherry Picker - 3:52
8. Mysterious Woman Blues - 5:48
9. Bossy Woman - 5:21
10. Ole Black Neena - 3:37
11. Sunday Morning - 5:03



Personnel:
Blind Mississippi Morris - Harp, Vocal
Brad Webb - All Guitars, Bass Drum on (4)
Robert Nighthawk - Piano (2,3,6)
David Fowler - Drums (1)

Notes: The Memphis/Mid-South area has been the proving ground for some of the greatest names in the history of the Blues. No one has worked harder at keeping this legacy alive than Blind Mississippi Morris and Brad Webb.
Clarksdale native Blind Mississippi Morris hails from a distinguished family of Mississippi musicians. He was schooled on the harmonica at an early age by cousins Robert and Mary Diggs of the legendary Mississippi Sheiks and his aunt Mary Tanner of the gospel group, The Harps of Melody. He's also a cousin of writer/performer/producer Willie Dixon, an integral part of Chicago's Chess Records during their heyday. Over the years, Morris has gained his own national and international recognition having been named by Bluzharp magazine as one of the ten best harmonica players in the world.
His partner, guitarist Brad Webb, didn't grow up in a blues family but the first time he heard Furry Lewis playing guitar in a Memphis train station, he was hooked and began his lifelong devotion to the blues. Growing up in Memphis he absorbed the sounds of many of the great musicians from this region including Bukka White, Fred McDowell and Lee Baker of Moloch and Mud Boy and the Neutrons fame. 
For over 20 years Morris and Brad have travelled many a road together taking their authentic Delta Blues all over the United States and Europe. And there's no place better to experience this dynamic duo up-close and personal than by downloading this upload from me...lol...