Verve
Urban Hymns




Label: Hut
Released: 1997
Source: Original CD
Size Torrent: 469 MB
Format: FLAC





Calling it a day in early 1999 was probably the best thing the Verve ever did, as it meant that they quit when they were at the pinnacle of their success, sparing their faithful followers an unsightly degeneration. Urban Hymns is a fitting final testament to Wigan's favourite sons, as Richard Ashcroft and Nick McCabe temporarily buried the hatchet and reformed one of Britain's greatest songwriting partnerships since Lennon and McCartney. From the unmistakable introductory chords of "Bittersweet Symphony" to the sheer pop perfection of "Lucky Man" via stoner rock-outs like "Weeping Willow" and the call to arms that is "Come On", every track justifies its presence by being part of a cohesive whole. Their previous album A Northern Soul was already marked down in the annals of rock history as a classic; Urban Hymns surpasses it and then some.





Bittersweet Symphony

Although the song's lyrics were written by Verve vocalist Richard Ashcroft, it has been credited to Keith Richards and Mick Jagger after charges by the original copyright owners that the song was plagiarized from the Andrew Oldham Orchestra recording of The Rolling Stones' 1965 song "The Last Time."

Originally, The Verve had negotiated a licence to use a sample from the Oldham recording, but it was successfully argued that the Verve had used "too much" of the sample. Despite having original lyrics, the music of "Bitter Sweet Symphony" is partially based on the Oldham track, which led to a lawsuit with ABKCO Records, Allen Klein's company that owns the rights to the Rolling Stones material of the 1960s. The matter was eventually settled, with copyright of the song reverting to ABKCO and songwriting credits to Jagger and Richards.

"We were told it was going to be a 50/50 split, and then they saw how well the record was doing," says band member Simon Jones. "They rung up and said, 'We want 100 percent or take it out of the shops, you don't have much choice.'"

After losing the composer credits to the song, Richard Ashcroft commented, "This is the best song Jagger and Richards have written in 20 years", noting it was their biggest hit since "Brown Sugar".

The song was later used without the permission of the band by Nike in a shoe commercial. As a result, it was on the Illegal Art CD from the magazine Stay Free!. The song was also used in a Vauxhall Motors advertisement and several of Opel, prompting Ashcroft to declare onstage at their homecoming performance at Haigh Hall, Wigan, in May 1998, "Don't buy Vauxhall cars, they're shit." However, the band were able to stop further use of the song by employing the European legal concept of moral rights.

On Ashcroft's return to touring, the song traditionally ended the set list. Ashcroft also reworked the single for "VH2 Live" for the music channel VH1, stripping the song of its strings. Ashcroft is quoted as saying during the show: "Despite all the legal angles and the bullshit, strip down to the chords and the lyrics and the melody and you realise there is such a good song there."

He also dedicated the song to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards during a gig at the Sage Gateshead in Gateshead. After several audience members booed, Ashcroft exclaimed, "Don't boo, man. As long as I can play this song I'm happy to pay a few of those guys' bills."

In a Cash For Questions interview with Q magazine published in January 1999, Keith Richards was asked (by John Johnson of Enfield) if he thought it was harsh taking all The Verve's royalties from "Bitter Sweet Symphony," to which he replied, "I'm out of whack here, this is serious lawyer shit. If The Verve can write a better song, they can keep the money."



Personnel

Richard Ashcroft – vocals, guitar
Nick McCabe – lead guitar
Simon Jones – bass guitar
Peter Salisbury – drums
Simon Tong – guitar, keyboards





Track Listing


All songs written by Richard Ashcroft, except where noted.

01."Bitter Sweet Symphony" (Jagger/Richards, Ashcroft) – 5:58
02."Sonnet" – 4:21
03."The Rolling People" (The Verve) – 7:01
04."The Drugs Don't Work" – 5:05
05."Catching the Butterfly" (The Verve) – 6:26
06."Neon Wilderness" (Nick McCabe, The Verve) – 2:37
07."Space and Time" – 5:36
08."Weeping Willow" – 4:49
09."Lucky Man" – 4:53
10."One Day" – 5:03
11."This Time" – 3:50
12."Velvet Morning" – 4:57
13."Come On" (The Verve) – 15:15 
