KeyGen by Embrace, upload by Chavezery09.
Please Seed after Downloading!
---
Download Trial Buy Online Find a Reseller

Accelerate application deployment and simplify application migration with agentless application virtualization. With VMware ThinApp, applications are packaged into single executables that run completely isolated from each other and the operating system for conflict-free execution on end-point devices. Application packages can be deployed to different Windows platforms, eliminating costly recoding and regression testing so you can easily migrate existing applications to Windows 7.

    * Eliminate application conflicts, reducing the need for recoding & regression testing.
    * Deliver reliable and flexible application access to all user profiles.
    * Eliminate the need for additional server hardware or software investments.

-

Extend the Life of Legacy Applications, Including IE 6 Applications, with Windows 7 Support

Quickly migrate your legacy applications to Windows 7 by eliminating the need to recode, retest and recertify. Save the cost of application porting by virtualizing legacy applications to deploy on Windows 7. Faster deployments with less testing means your business applications will be in production faster, minimizing downtime and reducing risks to the business. Run virtualized Internet Explorer (IE) 6, along with natively installed IE 7 and IE 8 on the same desktop.

Automatically convert silent-installed applications to VMware ThinApp packages. And, if you've already packaged applications with VMware ThinApp for use on XP or other versions of Windows, you can easily convert them to the VMware ThinApp Windows 7 format with Relink.
VMware ThinApp Win 7 demo
Eliminate Installation Conflicts

Package an entire application and its settings into a single executable that can be deployed to many Windows operating environments. These virtual applications are isolated from each other and the operating system. The packaged applications have awareness of each other but execute independently and make no changes to the underlying operating system, eliminating application-to-application conflict as well as application-to-operating system conflicts.

Application virtualization encapsulates the application into a single executable .MSI or .EXE. Just plug in an .MSI or .EXE file to deploy a virtual system environment, including registry keys, DLLs, third-party libraries, and frameworks without requiring any installation of agents on end point devices.

See How Much You Can Save

Using VMware ThinApp application virtualization, you can build in application isolation to ensure compatibility of your application environment throughout the application lifecycle, including through operating system environment changes. Take a test drive using the VMware ThinApp TCO calculator to see the savings you can realize throughout the lifecycle of your applications.
Package Once, Deploy Everywhere

Deploy virtualized applications in user mode, without administrative rights. No device drivers are installed and no registry changes are made because the entire application and its virtual OS are delivered as a single EXE file. Assign ThinApp packages to individual desktops or groups of desktops in View Manager for streamlined application deployments to virtual desktops. Transparently stream large applications from a shared network drive with no server or client software to install. Upgrade or roll back applications while they’re running. The new version will execute the next time the user starts the application.
Consolidate Dedicated Application Server Hardware

The one application per server model requires dedicated hardware for specific applications that cannot coexist, whether for technical reasons or concerns about data isolation. VMware ThinApp lets you eliminate these application silos to allow for better utilization of existing assets while making your applications easier to manage and deploy.
Cater to Your Mobile Workforce

On the road or in the office, give your users reliable and flexible application access on virtually any computer they have access to, including kiosk and hotel PCs. They won't need to install software or device drivers and don't need admin rights. Applications run directly from portable storage devices, including Flash drives.
Eliminate the Need for Additional Infrastructure Budget

ThinApp dynamic application delivery requires no additional servers or databases. Application packages created in .MSI or .EXE format are copied to endpoints or served from a file share. Single image executables can be integrated into your existing enterprise software delivery system or processes. Customized integrations can also be done using the ThinApp SDK or standard scripting language such as VB, C or Java.

---

Again, please seed!
~Chavezery09