Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:       
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:        
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:       
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wjz5v2ef5brd6oseqksd5pyyyw   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?i1b3nfr0g1rwdydj7kuk4q8yq4s  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gwgivamqfh058x2yjzpyn0cf6dw  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5zlve3qoof36p8dm0b593v0fa9   vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ln4pm20hgc841m77aejwou1wu3r4 standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3zu4v6wkqqoxqmxsfoketquyxzn3 ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1wbtplu481z2trt57f676p7h9d   vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sta2em7wt2uss8ddf21rk1cj7lrh vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0lc5i7wyzqemm8pnci1l608bg6u  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wxurgtvgnxu315ud0i6o868zjcog vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: My name is Carolyn, Im 23, almost 24 on December 3rd. I had heard of this site a few months ago and was deciding what I thought when I had told my sister about and she was extremely interested to the point of actually going ahead with the shoot. After she had done it, I was inspired to as well because she told me how much fun she had! I am a model and have done webcam modeling for a long time, so this was kind of second nature to me J . I am a very sexual person, although I am not promiscuous. I love to play with myself once or twice, even up to four times, daily. I get aroused easily so getting me wet really isn’t hard.  A little bit about me; I was born in Osaka Japan, I have 6 sisters and 2 brothers. One sister is actually on FTVGirls.com now and her name is Corey. She’s my younger sister, and yes we are full blooded! We have German, English, and Spanish blood lines. I look more German and the rest of my siblings look more Spanish. There was no milk man, I checked ;) . I grew up mainly in Texas, all over. I lived in Costa Rica for a while and that was definitely an experience. After graduating two credited years early from high school at 17, I went straight to college and had a 3.6 GPA and was awarded to be in Phi Theta Kappa for my grades in my first year. I then met someone in college whom became my whole world, sadly enough, for about 4 years after my first year in college.  He and I traveled all over Texas together, and one day I woke up and had enough of the way he treated me. I moved to Arizona, met up with my sister Corey, and we clicked. We’ve been best friends and a good team ever since!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Quite a few months ago, Carolyn send me photos of herself:  #1 #2 #3 #4.  But she kept disappearing in email and I didn't think she would be serious about shooting... until she sent her sister, Cory to shoot instead.  After Cory's shoot, Carolyn was far more inclined to shoot after Cory's positive experience.  She sent me more pictures, of her and her sister together: #5 #6 #7 #8 #9 #10.  She comes off as an intelligent, well mannered girl, with some enthusiasm with Cory's encouragement.  Their looks and body types are so different from each other, which sister would you have?   It was a rather cold day, partly cloudy, so we chose a fancy mall to shoot at.  The few that would see us shooting would think that its a fashion shoot, but when they weren't looking, there's a lot more happening!  Of course, I did push it to its limits with her walking around completely naked, but that is what FTV is about. It also confirmed to me that she isn't shy about public nudity.  She's also a true natural masturbator, not needing any sort of vibrator or toy, just the simple rubbing of her fingers brings her to nice, strong, natural orgasms.  Notice the strong vaginal contractions, and how she starts dripping juices (and gets very wet inside).  She claims she hasn't had sex in a long while (because of a bad breakup a year ago) where she simply doesn't want a boyfriend, and at the same time isn't promiscuous either.  Some of you might be distracted by the moles near her vagina, I would have them removed if I was her (if she plans on continuing with adult).   We then go back on location -- she has a lot of black outfits, but I wanted something with color.  So the red dress suited her, though the heels belong to her sister.  They were too small for her, so it hurt her feet walking too much.  We get explicit at this resort, and then she ends up using her hairbrush handle to penetrate herself.  I asked her to do it sort of 'right there', so she didn't expect it at all.  But she's willing to try anything.   Back home she masturbates again, same way, with similar results and more dripping juices.

Model Comments: I also am a full time student. I major in dance, all styles. I am a business minor, aspiring to open my own chain of studios someday. I just moved to Paradise Valley Arizona, with my best girlfriend. I, for once, love my life. I have great people around me, a fantastic curriculum, beautiful home, my modeling is taking off, and my dancing improves every day! I was a dancer when I was growing up, but have been out of dance for over 10 years. So not only am I coming back to school after 5 years, I am also going back into technical dance after 10 years. I am a very ambitious woman, as well as spontaneous ;) .Before, and a little bit after, I moved to AZ, I was a pharmacy technician. I am just not a 9-5 girl. I was lead tech for almost 2 years and absolutely hated it. I jumped into webcam modeling, fashion and glamour modeling, and go go dancing. I’m starting to do meditation and yoga more, as well.  I love to pose and make love to the camera. I pretty much love all the arts. Dancing, singing, painting, drawing, cooking, photography, fashion, music etc. I’m definitely an entrepreneur because.. Im a bad ass. And so humble too!  I really enjoyed this FTV experience! I was hesitant at first, and at times I thought it was so funny how I was almost caught and seen by random people walking or driving by! But it was an exhilarating experience for me I’ve done all sorts of fun kinky things but never publicly like that. I have had sex on a golf course, at the foothills of mountains, on the beach in the sand dunes… I had an amazing threesome with a gorgeous lesbian and this hot guy..with the windows open in my living room… at the beginning of this year.. I have even cam modeled! But this was a new experience and it was a lot of fun! I would definitely do it again! Hope ya’ll enjoy.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  After lunch, I wanted to see her do some FTV-style acrobatics (have you noticed that most FTV girls nowadays seem to have acrobatic & dancing skills?).  She's impressive even with her tight jeans on, but we want to see it bottomless!  Continuing with the theme, she shows off her dance skills she practices at school.  She has a passion for it for sure...  Hair up, secretary style, looking very sexy, I have her cross her legs and give us teases, then try a large cucumber.  I also suggest that she tries riding it, seeing how deep she can go.  She's so wet inside, that she didn't even need any lubrication.  Since she has that nice, muscular butt, I asked her to wear something that would show it off.  Those butt shorts are perfect, and we warm up with butt teases.  Time for the Vibraking, which brings her to orgasm rather quickly, and makes her even more wet inside.  Her juices 'bubble' and pop...  She knew that Cory had fisted herself, so she wanted to try it too.  Though Cory had a baby, I wasn't sure if Carolyn could do the same.  It almost seemed to easy though, she manages to fist, and full fist at that!  She told me that her wrist was hurting though, from the angle she was doing it.  Later that evening, a lucky member who was visiting Phoenix actually came down and did a photoshoot of her with one of the cars.  He truly was excited, and very serious about his photography haha.