Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31180.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31181.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/32000/photo-31182.jpg

Warhammer 40000 Dawn of War II Retribution-SKIDROW
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Warhammer 40000: Dawn of War II: Retribution (c) THQ

24-03-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Steam  CEG
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Command any of the six unique factions in the next standalone expansion
of the critically acclaimed Dawn of War real-time strategy franchise.
Choose to build a massive army or lead your small squad of elite heroes
into battle and experience a single player campaign customized to your
faction. Go online and face off against your enemies and experience the
fast brutal combat of the 41st millennium.

Features:

Multi-Race Campaign: For the first time in the Dawn of War II series,
players will be able to experience a single player campaign for any of
the 6 available races.

Build your Army: Upgrade your heroes and unlock new buildable units as
you progress through the single player campaign.

6 Playable Races: Choose from 6 multiplayer races, each with their own
unique super heavy units.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn the image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5: Enjoy
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use the Launcher.exe included with the crack to change languages

Game is ofcourse updated with the latest updated content

Note:If you have something to offer as early releases,seedboxes,
links,accounts,etc please contact us on torentz 3xforum ro

Warhammer 40000 Dawn of War II Retribution-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,patch,serial,keygen,trainers,crackfix,updates,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,news,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some release sites or official web pages.