Jim Marrs can justifiably be considered the world’s leading conspiracy author, with multimillion bestsellers like Alien Agenda, Rule by Secrecy, and the book that Oliver Stone used as a basis for his JFK movie, Crossfire: The Plot That Killed Kennedy. Now Marrs has allied with the web’s most popular conspiracy forum to investigate everything from chemtrails to the Nazis’ Antarctic base, moon landing hoaxes to UFOs, God as an alien to the end of the world in 2012.

AboveTopSecret.com is the Internet’s largest and most popular discussion board community, with more than twelve million page views per month. It is dedicated to the intelligent exchange of ideas and debate on a wide range of “alternative topics” such as conspiracies, UFOs, paranormal, secret societies, political scandals, new world order, terrorism, and dozens of related topics. AboveTopSecret’s popular podcast is downloaded tens of millions of times per month.

Marrs brings his rigorous journalist’s credentials to bear on these topics and more, asking (and often answering) the essential who, what, when, where, why, and how questions in compelling, page-turning fashion.

A native of Fort Worth, Texas, Jim Marrs has worked for several Texas newspapers, including the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. After a leave of absence to serve with Fourth Army intelligence during the Vietnam War, he became a military and aerospace writer for the newspaper and an investigative reporter. Since 1980, Marrs has been a freelance writer, author, and frequently invited public speaker.
About the Author
After graduating from University of North Texas Jim Marrs joined the US Army. On his release in 1968 he joined the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Marrs' in-depth investigation of UFOs, "Alien Agenda" is the best-selling UFO book ever in the US; "Crossfire: The Plot That Killed Kennedy" was a New York Times bestseller, as was "Rule By Secrecy".
 
http://www.amazon.com/Above-Top-Secret-Uncover-Mysteries/dp/1934708097/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1306345502&sr=8-1