George Harrison - All Things Must Pass (Unissued DCC CD)

This is one of the unreleased DCC titles that Steve Hoffman mastered, and that Steve took to selling CD-R's on his website of during a "forum fundraiser". Most of them sold between $250-500... 

See my other torrents for his "Wings Greatest" and Wings "Wild Life".

From the notes that I recieved with this release (much thanks to the individual who supplied them to me):
"This was passed on to me by a disgruntled Steve Hoffman associate. The Apple Jam portion is not included.

It may be worthless now, after the fantastic new 24-bit remaster, but I thought it deserved to be liberated in it's own right.

The back story of this unreleased DCC remaster is that it was only a "test run" from the US master tapes and likely wouldn't have been the final product. However, this has not stopped Hoffman from mastering from copy tapes before, and claiming they were "original masters", so it's not out of the question that this is how it would have appeared.

I have also been told that this remaster stays in sync with the old CD from 1987, suggesting that it may be derived from that CD, or from a digital production tape.

Regardless of the source material used, this is the actual CDR version that Hoffman illegally sold on his vanity website to an unsuspecting sucker."

From Steve's blurb on his site (now since scrubbed):
New SH Forum Fundraiser-Unreleased DCC Gold CD solo Beatles' masterings, etc. by S.H.

I've been holding on to these since the demise of DCC and really there is no point to me keeping them any longer. I'm more concerned at this point with raising money for the continued upgrading of these Forums. We are growing like crazy! I will give these out as gifts to the most generous contributors.

These discs are the only copies of my work of the below mentioned albums, cloned to CD-R from the old crumbling PCM 1630 master tapes (since destroyed). So this is ALL that remains of these projects. The paper files have been destroyed along with any and all artwork mock-ups, etc. I saved these "OK'd" test discs basically for nostalgia sake but perhaps they need a home where someone will play them and enjoy them since I never do (too depressing at what "might have been").

However, I revisited a bunch of these today after many years and I'm still very happy with the way they turned out. So it's bittersweet for me. I figured now would be a good time to place them in a good home while I am in the "clearing out the old life" mood.

--------------------------------------------

GEORGE HARRISON - "All Things Must Pass" two disc set, unissued DCC Gold disc, mastered by SH from the original analog master tapes.

(This is probably the "holy grail" DCC 24 Karat Gold CD title I guess..)

Contains:

I'd Have You Anytime/My Sweet Lord/Wah-Wah/Isn't A Pity (version one)/What Is Life?/If Not For You/Behind That Locked Door/Let It Down/Run Of The Mill/Beware Of Darkness/Apple Scruffs/Ballad Of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)/Awaiting On You All/All Things Must Pass/I Dig Love/Art Of Dying/Isn't It A Pity (version two)/Hear Me Lord/Out Of The Blue/It's Johnny's Birthday/Plug Me In/I Remember Jeep/Thanks For The Pepperoni

(Note that the Apple Jam portion is not included here.)

Here is how we will work this: I will give these out as gifts to the most generous contributors. Send a message to Dave The Night Gort by clicking on CONTACT US at the bottom of any page and tell him how much you want to donate to the SH Forums and what disc(s) you want as your reward for contributing to the welfare of this place.

Updates daily on this thread will show what the highest amounts are....

Dave will compile a list and on Sunday night, November 6th at 11:59 PST, Dave will determine who offered the highest donations and what their choice of gift discs are.

That sounds like a fair way to do it. All money raised (after taxes) will go right into the SH Forums Kitty and be used to keep this place growing, moving quickly down the Internet and commercial free for a long time to come, hopefully years.

I WILL POST DAILY UPDATES AS TO WHERE THE PRICES ARE ON EACH DISC AS SOON AS DAVE GIVES ME THE INFORMATION.

GOOD LUCK TO ALL! THANK YOU FOR YOUR DONATIONS.