Enquête Sur Un Monde (aka Investigation Into The Invisible World) (Roux, 2002)[+Extras]-aNaRCHo

Also included, short documentary: Elfland - Enquête Sur Un Monde (Elfland - Investigation Into The Invisible World) (Roux, 1997)-aNaRCHo

[FILM IS IN ICELANDIC, FRENCH & ENGLISH, FRENCH AND ENGLISH SUBTITLES INCLUDED, ALL EXTRA FEATURES INCLUDED WITH ENGLISH & SUBTITLES (WHERE REQUIRED)]

Do you believe in Ghosts, Spirits, Angels, Monsters or Aliens? How about Elves, Fairies, Trolls, Dwarfs, and Gnomes? Or, perhaps, the abilities of Mediums and Clairvoyants?

Prepare to have your worldview changed forever.

In his film, "Investigation Into The Invisible World", French filmmaker Jean-Michel Roux takes us on a magical journey into the Island of Iceland, whose culture and people are still able to perceive and interact with the various beings that inhabit this intriguing invisible realm.  

"Iceland, the world's largest volcanic island, lies just North of the Arctic Circle where the European and American tectonic plates meet. Earthquakes and eruptions regularly alter the country's surface. In 874 Norwegian farmers and Vikings settled this wild land with Irish slaves. In 930 they founded the Althing, Europe's first Democratic Assembly. In 1864 Jules Verne placed the entrance to the center of the earth on the Snaeffels Volcano. In 1980, the Icelanders elected the world's first female President. The 283,000 inhabitants speak almost the same language as their ancestors: Old Norse. On my first visit to Iceland, I discovered that most Icelanders believe in hidden beings. A minority claim to be in contact with these hidden beings. Therefore, I decided to investigate the phenomenon. This documentary is a result of several years of investigation --Jean-Michel Roux" [film's intro]

The film opens with a scene of rebirth in which Roux subsequently brings us on a journey into the magical world that still exists on the islands of Iceland, as well as the hearts and minds of the people who live there. 

We hear the stories and experiences of the island nation's intriguing inhabitants- from those who claim to be Mediums (who possess the ability to see/contact the invisible worlds), both young and old; to regular citizens who have had inexplicable experiences; and even the politicians, public servants and other notable citizens (like film director's Friðrik Þór Friðriksson & Baltasar Kormákur...and even strongman Magnús Ver Magnússon!) who reflect on instances that they have experienced first hand or heard about. 

During his investigation, Roux reveals that the invisible world of Elves, Gnomes, Trolls and Dwarfs are inexplicably linked to the Island's magnificent geology- the earthquakes, volcanoes and giant rocks that are imbued with precious metals, minerals, stone...and, perhaps even, (un)seen spiritual entities. We learn that these seemingly lifeless geological constructs are actually the homes and communities of these magnificent beings that are only visible to children and the gifted few. 

As a microcosm to the macrocosm, Roux includes a segment from his earlier short film "Elfland" (also included in this pack as an Extra Feature), in which a road crew is carrying out maintenance on a section of road near some standing stones said to be the homes of a group of Elves. During excavation (in which the stones were to be moved) the  equipment began to break down, and the workers believed it was a result of sabotage by the Elves. To overcome this stalemate, a Medium was brought in to assess the situation. She told the men that it would be ok to move the rocks as long as it were done carefully. After a lengthy delay, the construction crew complied and they were able to finish the job without incident. 

From the children and families- who share the land with these hidden entities; to the public servants- police, elected politicians and public workers; the clairvoyants and mediums - who are able to perceive these worlds for us; the Herzogian experts- who straddle on the border between absurd and brilliant- and even those who aren't sure what they have seen or believe... the Invisible World and it's many inhabitants have managed to saturate (or at least touch) the lives of every Icelander. The film provides us with a privileged glimpse into the magical world of the Icelandic people by allowing us to get to know them intimately- as the interviewees gaze straight into the camera as if engaging with us, the viewers, directly.

I LOVE LOVE LOVE this documentary. A truly magical, mindblowing experience. It is extremely beautifully shot- it has this glow; this aura that perfectly reflects how magical this film really is...and the aerial shots are absolutely stunning- and focuses on some of the most heartwarming and intriguing people ever captured on celluloid. This masterpiece will have you reflecting on what you thought you knew and may just change the very way you look at the world, forever. If it doesn't help to bring back some of the magic that has been lost in your life...then nothing will. It is about time we all got back in touch with the invisible world. A MUST SEE. 10 out 10, without question.  


EXTRA FEATURES INCLUDE:
-Elfland - Enquête Sur Un Monde (Elfland - Investigation Into The Invisible World) (Roux, 1997)(eng & french subs included)
-Extra 2 - Location Shooting & Preparation For The Film With Commentary By The Director (intertitles in french, i made english subtitles from scratch for this so pardon any translation or timing imperfections)
-French Theatrical Trailer (eng subs included)


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!

