Mirillis Splash PRO Ex 1.7.0 Portable [Multi24]

Introducing the next generation media player for PC. Watch High Definition movies and camcorder clips. Discover the power of Picture² post-processing engine, enjoy the stunning video quality and unique user experience.

Designed and optimized for HD!
Play and convert all your High Definition movies and camcorder clips, incredibly fast, smooth and without problems. You don\'t need any additional codecs. Download, install, watch, convert and share. It takes about one second to start application and High Definition video playback!

Converting videos with style!
Enjoy the ultimate performance and stylish user interface. Just push a button to export your clips easily and fast to popular formats, your favorite multimedia devices, Facebook or YouTube™. Save energy and time choosing optimized and hardware accelerated video exporting with Splash PRO EX.

Enjoy the ultimate performance!
Take advantage of the latest hardware acceleration technologies to save your time and reduce power consumption. Splash PRO EX combines all the latest technologies including NVIDIA® CUDA™ and Intel® Quick Sync Video with hardware accelerated video decoding to boost exporting process even more!

Picture? - just stunning video quality!
Advanced picture post-processing engine, delivering stunning video quality. Watch standard and high definition videos like never before, enjoy smooth motion, crisp details and vivid colors. Download free trial of Splash PRO EX now and use Demo Mode to see the difference!

High quality video scaling.
Convert your videos with advanced video preprocessing technologies. Splash PRO EX high quality scaling keeps your videos sharp and clean every time you export your original video to lower or higher resolutions. The technology is optimized for multicore CPUs to provide an excellent performance.

The best player for your HD camcorder clips!
Supports AVCHD™ format. Rediscover High Definition quality with Splash PRO EX and state-of-the-art Picture? technology! Watch your 20/24/25/30p clips smooth like never before with Motion? technology. Browse your clips directly from the AVCHD™ camcorder with HD Camcorder interactive menus.

Ultra responsive, stylish and innovative User Interface.
Splash is compact, stylish, user friendly and incredibly fast! Discover Smart Seek, advanced seek mode designed to find specific movie scenes without interrupting video playback. Splash provides the best user experience for video files playback. Designed to enjoy multimedia the proper way.

EcoMode - Save energy!
Think green! Save energy, save your money and enjoy longer video playback on batteries. EcoMode\'s intelligent power management is designed to reduce power consumption of your mobile PC. Enjoy up to 40% longer video playback on laptop/netbook batteries. With EcoMode you can monitor your battery power consumption, wear level and more.

Featuring Mirillis Codecs.
Ultra fast audio and video decoders designed for your multi-core processor and graphics card hardware acceleration (GPU). Choose our optimized low power consumption technologies, save your mobile PC batteries, money and the environment. You don\'t need any additional codecs to play the best quality videos now!

Just extract and play your vids!
 
http://img195.imageshack.us/img195/4323/91483495.png