 http://www.wowebook.co/pro-php-programming.html

eBook Details:
Paperback: 440 pages
Publisher: Apress; 1st edition (August 5, 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1430235608
ISBN-13: 978-1430235606
eBook Description:
Pro PHP Programming

If you are a web programmer, you need to know modern PHP. This book presents with many new areas in which PHP plays a large role. If you want to write a mobile application using geo-location data, Pro PHP Programming will show you how. Additionally, if you need to make sure that you can write a multilingual indexing application using Sphinx, this book will help you avoid the pitfalls.

Of course, Pro PHP Programming gives a thorough survey of PHP post-5.3. You’ll begin by working through an informative survey and clear guide to object-oriented PHP. Then, you’ll be set for the core of the book on modern PHP applications. Now, you’ll be able to start with the chapter on PHP for mobile programming and move on to sampling social media applications. You’ll also be guided through new PHP programming language features like closures and namespaces.

Pro PHP Programming deals with filtering data from users and databases next, so you’ll be well prepared for relational and NoSQL databases. Of course, you can also learn about data retrieval from other sources, like OCR libraries or websites. Then the question of how to format and present data arises, and in Pro PHP Programming, you’ll find solutions via JSON, AJAX and XML.

This book shows the path to becoming a 21st-century PHP programmer: it delves into PHP interaction with new technologies like JSON, Facebook, MongoDB, and mobile programming in a web service context.


What you’ll learn

PHP 5.3 object-oriented programming and new PHP features
Writing programs talking to SQL-based and NoSQL-based databases alike
Using modern PHP programmer’s tools
Writing social media applications
Investigating NoSQL datastores
Writing PHP programs for a cloud ecology

Who this book is for

This book is for intermediate and advanced PHP programmers, as well as programmers coming from other languages such as Python, Perl, C/C++. It can also be utilized by programmers with knowledge of a previous PHP version who want to return to PHP.

Pro PHP Programming deals with filtering data from users and databases next, so you’ll be well prepared for relational and NoSQL databases. Of course, you can also learn about data retrieval from other sources, like OCR libraries or websites. Then the question of how to format and present data arises, and in Pro PHP Programming, you’ll find solutions via JSON, AJAX and XML.