SILKYPIX Developer Studio Pro 4.1.46.0 Portable

SILKYPIX Developer Studio - professional package from Japanese developers, which will help you to edit and process your photographs of a server with digital cameras. The programme is comparable to, and what it exceeds all known and Adobe Photoshop Lightroom. This package allows you to control the white balance, adjust exposure, eliminate "digital noise" govern-sharpness, brightness, hue, contrast and more. The program supports large Quantity of cameras and will be indispensable not only supportive beginner, but also a professional photographer.

By using RAW images you are not just a “happy snapper” that is satisfied with stock JPG finished pictures, but rather an enthusiast that wishes to process and adjust images on a computer with greater processing power than a regular digital camera. This offers you the benefits of greater image flexibility and creativity, leading towards better results.
JPEG, which is commonly used, compresses data using the sensitivity characteristics of the human eye. Therefore, it compresses image data into a small file size while still maintaining a pleasing image. However, image quality is significantly degraded due to the nature of the compression process.

SILKYPIX is a RAW converter software that lets you solve all these problems and opens a whole new world of digital photography for the enthusiast to explore. SILKYPIX Developer Studio 3.0 is an all-round RAW converter with feature rich functionalities that produces the best results for your cherished images. With top notch adjustment parameters in an intuitive user interface you can enhance your own pictures with silky smooth results!

SILKYPIX is specifically developed for enthusiastic photographers and professional users. The software offers a professional colour management engine, including ICC profiles along side comprehensive development functions such as white balancing, contrast, sharpness, saturation, lens correction, image perspective and trimming (cropping), outputting and printing. The extended Adobe RGB colourspace is also supported.

10 Advantages of RAW images with SILKYPIX?

1. Control white balance
2. Increase dynamic range while working with higher bit depth
3. Better exposure control
4. Tackle noise problems at source
5. Improve sharpening at source
6. Optimise output file size
7. Unlimited image modifications at source
8. Greater image flexibility
9. Higher quality outputs
10. Fast workflow

The program supports over 120 cameras and works under both Windows (including Vista) & Macintosh (including Universal Binary) platforms.

Home Page - http://silkypix.shortcutinc.com

