 http://reliztv.com/

Released: 2011
Artist: VA
Album: Top Of The Best Dance Hits 2011
Duration: 1:08:38
Format: MP3
Bitrate: 320 kb / s
Genre: Progressive House, Electro House, Dance

«Top Of The Best Dance Hits» - a collection of the best and most current dance hits from "The office! As part of a brand new collection of tracks from Edward Maya and Vika Jigulina - «Desert Rain», record rates climbing to the heights of radio charts, had conquered the top of European charts track «Hello» by Martin Solveig - without exaggeration, a brilliant DJ, incoming in three of the top musicians of France! The new composition Jasper Forks - «Alone», repeating the success of the project's first single! The collection as well: one of the most "delicious" tracks year - «Seek Broomance» by Tim Berg, PH Electro with his immortal hit - «San Francisco», a new catchy song Eddy Wata - «I wanna dance», as well as surprised All your video «I Was Drunk» from Riva Starr Feat. Nôze. Add the brightness of the collection Whizzkids, Diedra, Bel-Mondo, Andrew Spencer & Daniel Slam, Eric Chase, House Rockerz, as well as other "generators" good mood!

Tracklist:
01. Edward Maya feat Vika Jigulina - Desert Rain
02. Eddy Wata - I Wanna Dance (Radio Edit)
03. Jasper Forks - Alone (Sunrider Radio Edit)
04. Martin Solveig & Dragonette - Hello (Radio Edit)
05. PH Electro - San Francisco (Original Radio Edit)
06. Kiril - Raise Up Your Hand
07. Riva Starr feat Noze - I Was Drunk (Radio Edit)
08. Tim Berg - Seek Bromance (Avicii's Vocal Edit)
09. Eric Chase - Love Comes Around (Original Mix)
10. Bel-Mondo - Club Is Mine (Electro Club Edit)
11. David May feat Max Urban - Facebook Love (Radio Version feat Nate-Ivity)
12. Whizzkids - Love You Forever (Radio Mix)
13. House Rockerz - Herzrasen (Original Radio Edit)
14. GlamRock Brothers - Long Train Runnin '(Club Mix)
15. Andrew Spencer & Daniel Slam - No Soul (Andrew Spencer Edit)
16. Westbam - Don't Look Back In Anger (Short Mix)
17. Longo & Wainwright feat Craig Smart - One LIfe Stand (Ian Carey Edit)
18. Diedra - Cherry Lips (Radio Edit)
19. Sonic Palms - Into The Sun (Radio Mix)
20. Darius & Finlay feat Nicco - Hold On (Video Edit)