

Even as the name projects the vocalists some 17 years in the future, 1990 (1973) clearly offers up the unmistakable sound of the early-'70s Temptations. At this point, the lineup boasted founding members Otis Williams and Melvin Franklin alongside David Ruffin and Eddie Kendricks' respective replacements, Dennis Edwards and Ricky Owens. The most recent recruit, Richard Street, had taken his cues from Paul Williams in the summer of 1971. The concurrently modern sound of "Papa Was a Rolling Stone" filtered into 1990. The primary difference being the instrumental support, now consisting of an amalgam of the Funk Brothers and members of the Los Angeles-based Rose Royce ("Car Wash") aggregate. The results were a favorable mix of compelling singles, such as the R&B chart-topper "Let Your Hair Down" as well as a pair of additional Top Ten entries with the resplendent "Heavenly" and the wah-wah funk fest "You've Got My Soul on Fire." As they had done on the unedited version of "Papa Was a Rolling Stone" and more recently the title track of their previous effort, Masterpiece (1973), the Temptations stretch out with the extended social commentary "Zoom." The organic pondering groove rises from a cacophony of spoken dialogue as the trippy soul interplanetary vibe perfectly aligns with the celestial lyrics. Norman Whitfield's string score supplies some nice atmospheric touches throughout and appropriately concludes his decade-plus association with the band. Although not as strong as its predecessor, 1990 climbed to number two on the R&B countdown and made its way into the Top 20 pop survey. Sadly, its success was clouded by the suicide of co-founder Paul Williams in August of 1973. It would be over a year before the band would release their follow-up, A Song for You -- a considerable span compared to the downtime between any of their previous long-players. [In 2004 Hip-O Select issued a digitally remastered limited edition of 1990 on CD -- making the collection available for the first time in several decades.] 


		1 Let Your Hair Down 	Whitfield 	2:40
		2 I Need You 	Whitfield 	3:05
		3 Heavenly 	Whitfield 	3:57
		4 You've Got My Soul On Fire 	Whitfield 	3:53
		5 Ain't No Justice 	Whitfield 	6:08
		6 1990 	Whitfield 	4:06
		7 Zoom 	Whitfield 	13:42



Jack Ashford 	Tambourine
Don Baldwin 	Keyboards, Synthesizer, Wind
Mathieu Bitton 	Design
George Bohanon 	Trombone
Jim Britt 	Photography
Kenji Brown 	Guitar
Ollie E. Brown 	Drums
John Cabalka 	Design
Dennis Coffey 	Guitar
Kenneth Copeland 	Trumpet
Fred Dunn 	Trumpet
Ellen Fitton 	Mastering
Zachary Frazier 	Drums
James Gadson 	Drums
Henry Gamer Jr. 	Drums
Asari Graham 	Creative Assistance
Ed Greene 	Drums
Bobbye Hall 	Conga
Cal Harris 	Engineer
Eddie Hazel 	Guitar
Michele Horie 	Art Direction, Production Manager
James Jamerson 	Bass
Lequeint Jobe 	Bass
Pat Lawrence 	Executive Producer
Larry Miles 	Engineer
Michael Moore 	Sax (Tenor)
Billy "Bass" Nelson 	Bass
Victor Nix 	Keyboards
Melvin "Wah Wah" Ragin 	Guitar
Paul Riser 	Arranger
Terral "Terry" Santiel 	Conga
Jenny Shapiro 	Licensing
Terry Squire 	Design
Art Stewart 	Engineer
Desmond Strobel 	Design
Russ Terrana 	Engineer, Mastering
Thane Tierney 	
Earl Van Dyke 	Keyboards
Wah Wah Watson 	Guitar
Harry Weinger 	Reissue Supervisor
Norman Whitfield 	Composer, Mastering, Producer
Heather Whittell 	Product Manager
Eddie Willis 	Guitar


