Corbis Announces Release of "FDR" CD-ROM During Roosevelt History Month.

BELLEVUE, Wash.--(EDITED)--Oct. 25, 1996--

New Multimedia Title Explores the Life and Presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt

The title recounts the extraordinary story of one of America's most influential leaders, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and the forces and personalities that shaped his life.

Through collaboration with award-winning authors and historians Doris Kearns Goodwin Doris Kearns Goodwin (born January 4, 1943) is an award-winning author and historian. She won the Pulitzer Prize in 1995, but her reputation was later damaged by her admission of plagiarism. , Geoffrey Ward Geoffrey Champion Ward (born November 30, 1940) is an author and screenwriter specializing in documentary presentations of American history. He graduated from Oberlin College in 1962.

He was an editor of American Heritage magazine early in his career.  and Bill Leuchtenburg, "FDR" provides an engaging portrayal of Roosevelt's life, struggles and triumphs. Compelling cinematic tours capture the most dramatic events of his presidency, and interactive exploration of Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt's homes allow the viewer to access areas normally roped-off from the public. Users can further explore the society and politics of this bygone days.

One, especially a grievance, that is past: Let bygones be bygones.  era through a robust timeline and exhibits containing rare photographs, personal documents, newsreel footage and vintage audio clips.

"Everything about `FDR' is absolutely first-class -- the script, the pictures, the stories and the overall presentation," said Doris Kearns Goodwin. "It gives viewers an unparalleled opportunity to gain an intimate view of FDR's life and presidency."

The release of "FDR" this October coincides with Roosevelt History Month, during which the achievements of Roosevelt will be honored throughout the United States United States, officially United States of America, republic (2005 est. pop. 295,734,000), 3,539,227 sq mi (9,166,598 sq km), North America. The United States is the world's third largest country in population and the fourth largest country in area. . Numerous activities are planned to recognize the president who led the nation through this century's greatest turning points. Currently under construction, a 7.5-acre FDR Memorial is scheduled for completion in spring 1997 and will be this century's last presidential memorial to be erected in our nation's capital.

The minimum system recommendations for the Windows-based version of "FDR" are a multimedia PC with a 486/33 MHz, 8 MB of RAM (12 for Windows 95), a Super VGA  graphics card, a 256-color monitor, a double-speed CD-ROM drive, an 8-bit Windows-compatible sound card and speakers, a mouse and Microsoft Windows 