 http://bayimg.com/oACcKAaDj

Lipstick (1976) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074802/

Lipstick is a 1976 drama film directed by Lamont Johnson. Starring Margaux and Mariel Hemingway, it contains one of the most infamous scenes in motion picture history, showing an extremely graphic rape scene.

  Margaux Hemingway  ...  Chris McCormick  
  Chris Sarandon  ...  Gordon Stuart  
  Perry King  ...  Steve Edison  
  Robin Gammell  ...  Nathan Cartright  
  John Bennett Perry  ...  Martin McCormick  
  Mariel Hemingway  ...  Kathy McCormick  
  Francesco Scavullo  ...  Francesco (as Francesco)  
  Meg Wyllie  ...  Sister Margaret  
  Inga Swenson  ...  Sister Monica  
  Lauren Jones  ...  Policewoman  
  William Paul Burns  ...  Judge (as Bill Burns)  
  Way Bandy  ...  Make-up Artist  
  Harry King  ...  Hairdresser  
  Sean Byrnes  ...  Photographers Helper  
  Catherine McLeod  ...  Vogue Lady  

Lipstick has pretensions of being an intelligent treatment of the tragedy of female rape. But by the time it's over, the film has shown its true colors as just another cynical violence exploitationer. 
David Rayfiel's script tells how high-fashion model Margaux Hemingway is brutally assaulted by mild-mannered music teacher Chris Sarandon. 

The early-on rape sequence (coming less than 20 minutes into the film) is really the dramatic highlight. Somehow one just knows that society's procedures will degrade the rape victim and that the ending of the film will contrive some opportunity for partially justified violence. 

Margaux Hemingway's dramatic limitations lend more believability to the role. Sarandon's performance is powerful in its quiet menace.

The two stars of the film were virtually destroyed by it. 

Margaux took such a critical lambasting that she was offered only two roles in the next seven years, and one of those was a minor part in a bad movie of legendary status (They Call Me Bruce?). Despondent over her failing career fortunes and two bad marriages, she suffered through a mammoth weight gain, substance abuse, and bankruptcy. She was living in a small apartment over a garage in Santa Monica, when she was found dead in 1996 at the age of 41. As reported by CNN, the L.A. Coroner ruled that she committed suicide. Suicide is another Hemingway tradition. Ernest Hemingway himself committed suicide, as did his brother, sister and father. Margaux's sister Mariel disputes the suicide conclusion in Margaux's case, arguing that Margaux seems to have suffered an epileptic seizure exacerbated by her substance abuse. Mariel's position is that Margaux was a drama queen who would have left a suicide note, and that she was found with her legs propped on a pillow and a book in her lap, a condition not indicative of suicide. 

The rapist, Chris Sarandon, had been in only one movie before Lipstick, the role of Al Pacino's overwrought transsexual wife in Dog Day Afternoon (1975), a performance which earned him nominations for Best New Male Star of the Year at the Golden Globes and the Best Supporting Actor Academy Award. The tawdry Lipstick was not a good choice for his follow-up project.

Ask someone whether camp is best characterized by embarrassing, overwrought displays of joy (Can't Stop the Music) or the schadenfreude of seeing society's dregs either succumb to (or rise above) the constraints of their environment. You'll find that it's an easy question to answer: both easily generate camp value, so long as the focus is on exaggeration. On the other hand, ask someone if it's possible for the genre to convey a strong social message (of the Stanley Kramer strain, that is, not the Susan Sontag). Most will likely reason that the "serious" social message will be compromised by the strongly subversive antisocial camp value. Without dwelling on the question of whether camp value can be attributed to the intention of the filmmaker (John Waters sure thinks it is) or a reaction by the audience, suffice it to say that every postulation has its antithesis, and for anyone who doubts that a film that's soaked in camp can't tackle a timely subject, here is Lipstick. Though suffuse with guilty pleasures, it's also a devastating look at society's unfair tendencies to make clear divisions between Madonna and Whore labels. Margaux Hemingway is the slightly dim supermodel Chris, who suffers a bizarre, clumsy rape attack from her young sister's music teacher (played by Chris Sarandon, in another too-mannered sleazeball performance). Throughout his rampage, he insists on Chris listening to his avant-ambient synth compositions, which outdo even the unnerving Wendy Carlos compositions for Clockwork Orange in ear-rape effects. While there is no shortage of similar tongue-in-cheek minstrelesqueries (Anne Bancroft chews some serious scenery as the district attorney who takes up Chris's case), it's also crystal clear that Lamont Johnson buys wholesale into scripter David Rayfiel's dissection of the fine line between image and reality. By the time the melodramatic trial has come to its conclusion, not even Chris herself is confident that her image as a sexual object (her pouty-lipped ad campaign is on billboards throughout the film) doesn't trump her emotional wreckage. In fact, Johnson only seems to drive that point home by concentrating less on Chris's inner torment and more on oblique angles of the architectural and urbane mise-en-scène that mirrors the high-gloss '70s fashion world. By the time he fastidiously ties up the loose threads other films in that vague decade would've left dangling (i.e. the outcome of the second trial), it's clear that Johnson doesn't want the audience to dwell much on the specifics of the plot, but rather, translate the fundamental critiques of judgmental dependence on image tropes into their own experiences. That he hides this bitter message in camp, a genre that depends on its audience acting on their image-reading, cynical impulses, is ballsy genius. 


