Moonstruck (1987)



Verenigde Staten
Komedie / Romantiek
102 minuten

geregisseerd door Norman Jewison
met Cher, Nicolas Cage en Vincent Gardenia

De Newyorkse Loretta van Italiaanse komaf is al op jonge leeftijd weduwe geworden en denkt nu weer een nieuwe liefde gevonden te hebben in de stijve humorloze Johnny die niet kan kiezen tussen Loretta en zijn moeder. Als Johnny's moeder in Italië op sterven ligt, moet Johnny wel naar haar toe en vraagt Loretta om contact op te nemen met zijn jongere broer Ronny waar hij al jaren niet meer mee spreekt. Wanneer Loretta Ronny leert kennen ziet ze dat ze dezelfde passies hebben, en ze valt voor hem.
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/1055


Storyline

Loretta Castorini, a Brooklyn bookkeeper in her late 30s whose husband died several years earlier in a bus accident, decides it's time to get married again. So she accepts the proposal of a nice, middle-aged fellow named Johnny Cammareri. Loretta is convinced her first marriage was cursed because she and her husband had gotten married at City Hall; this time, she's determined to do things right, even as she admits to her mother, Rose, that she's not really in love with Johnny. (To which Rose replies: "Good. When you love them, they drive you crazy, 'cause they know they can." Rose speaks from rueful experience; she suspects, with good reason, that her husband, Cosmo, is cheating on her.) Loretta is convinced that marrying Johnny is the safe and sure thing to do - until she meets his estranged younger brother Ronny, who tends the ovens in a neighborhood bakery. Loretta discovers that in startling contrast to the pleasant... 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093565/


File Format: Video_TS folder Pal
File size: 4.35 GB
Language: English German Spanish Italian and French DD5.1
Subtitles: English, French, Dutch, German,Portuguese,Swedish,Danish,Norwegian,Finnish,Polish (selectable)
Category : Movie
DVD5 : DVD Rip
Source : Retail
Menu: Yes
Scene Selection: Yes
Extras: Yes
Cover Yes
Genre : Komedie / Romantiek

Enjoy The Movie
