Description
--------------

Ring of Power

From the mystery religions of ancient Egypt to the Zionist role in 9/11, \"Ring Of Power\" unrevises 4000 years of revisionist human history with never - before - seen revelations. \"Ring Of Power\" puzzles together the pieces of a giant puzzle into one BIG PICTURE documentary series.  ABOUT THE PRODUCER: The Producer is an experienced, award winning documentary filmmaker who, as a child, learned that her father was a member of the secretive cult of Freemasonry. She recalls many arguments between her parents over her father\'s secret meetings and the exclusion of women from the brotherhood. The Masonic ring that her father wore had been passed down from father to son over the generations. When she asked her father about the meaning of the letter \"G\" and the compass and square on his ring, she got no response. As an adult, she decided to investigate. That investigation grew into four years of intensive research into the identity and history of the diabolical globalists who she calls the \"Ring Of Power\". Their goal is one World Empire and one world ruler. 


End of Liberty

The United States is no longer the land of the free. Americans live in a system with literally millions of unnecessary government regulations that have destroyed the free market and sent millions of well paying jobs overseas.

Americans today are constantly watching their speedometers and trying to conform to every little rule, yet there are so many rules that it\'s impossible for even the most honest and hard-working Americans not to be breaking some type of law on a daily basis.

We are slaves in a criminal monetary system where the Federal Reserve steals from the middle class through inflation and transfers this wealth to their banker friends on Wall Street. (Excerpt from film)


Enemy Image

The invasion of Iraq was the most closely documented war ever fought. Lasting only 800 hours, it produced 20,000 hours of video, but those images were tightly controlled, producing a monolithic view of combat sanitised and controlled by the Pentagon.

Enemy Image traces the ways us television has covered war, starting with Vietnam in the 1960s and shows how the military has devised ever-improving means of ensuring the American public never again has the real face of combat beamed directly into their living rooms. Comparing footage of Vietnam, including rarely-seen material shot in North Vietnam, to coverage of Iraq and using extensive interviews with veteran war correspondents and news anchors, Mark Daniels demonstrates how television that once revealed the truth is now increasingly used to hide it.


Trudell

At its most basic level, TRUDELL is an eye-opening documentary that challenges belief systems. At its loftiest, TRUDELL will inspire you to reawaken your spirit.

In the telling of TRUDELL, Rae invested more than 12 years chronicling John Trudell\'s travels, spoken word, and politics. (The making of the movie, a journey in itself, is as much a story as the finished product. See the production notes.) The film combines archival, convert, and interview footage in a lyrical and naturally stylized manner, with abstract imagery mirroring the coyote nature of Trudell.


Note From POTP!
--------------


Well here we go again today POTP brings you a collection of favourite and the best documentaries in my opinion. This documentaries are not to be watched if not open minded about what you are watching this is only for learning purposes, and to open your eyes about everything around you. So please if you ENJOY this Documentaries spread it around let it be known to others because it\'s time we make a CHANGE.

There are more collections waiting to be realesed, this is only the first one. Do note that this videos were downloaded from all over the net by POTP which means it was uploaded by other people so many special thanks to the uploaders. The POTP only brings you what they regard as good and must see documetaries. So please download this Documentaries And ENJOY!!! But please do not watch the documentaries if you can\'t handle the thruth or the pressure so please be open minded because thats when you\'ll see the thruth. And we also suggest you read in to the parts in the documentaries you do not belive in etc. So that you may find the thruth.

-------------
This is my new account and the series will keep going from over here....


Well enjoy and please SEED!!!!

Greetings
PowerOfThePeople1992 -POTP		