Electric Light Orchestra - Hold on Tight [promo].VOB



Very HQ rare promo music video. "Hold on Tight" is a song written and performed by Electric Light Orchestra.

Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) were a British rock group from Birmingham, who released eleven studio albums between 1971 and 1986 and another album in 2001. ELO were formed to accommodate Roy Wood and Jeff Lynne's desire to create modern rock and pop songs with classical overtones. After Wood's departure following the band's debut record, Lynne wrote and arranged all of the group's original compositions and produced every album.

"Hold on Tight" is track twelve on the band's 1981 album Time, and was the first song released as a single, becoming ELO's last major hit single. The song went top ten in most countries, hitting the top spot in Switzerland, number two in Germany, number four in the UK, and number ten on the US pop chart, as well as number two on the US rock chart. It is known for having a verse sung in French; translated, the verse is essentially a French-language reprise of the first verse of the song.

Time is a concept album by Electric Light Orchestra released in 1981. The album tells the story, through its songs and lyrics, about a man from the 1980s finding himself in the year 2095 and trying to come to terms with being unable to return and adjusting to his new surroundings.

'.' About This Music Video '.' 

The previous year, David Bowie had released his "Ashes to Ashes" music video which was considered as the most innovative to date at that time. But ELO were largely regarded to have surpassed that with their video for "Hold on Tight". At the time it was the most expensive ever made at around £40,000.
(video has a 5 semi-transparent blue dots at the bottom right)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hold_on_Tight_(ELO_song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/CaDHBAadd 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 8000kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:04




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
