Native Instruments Kontakt 5 STANDALONE VSTi RTAS v5.0.1

 

Once again, NATIVE INSTRUMENTS raises the bar with KONTAKT 5 — the latest version of the industry-leading sampler. KONTAKT 5 takes a bold leap forward with 37 new filters, 

four new on-board studio effects, updated time stretching, a new instrument bus system and more. As you will see from the newSTUDIO DRUMMER, for example, it's a deep-rooted 

update to the KONTAKT platform, allowing us — and you — to create even better instruments and more powerful, expressive sounds. 

KONTAKT 5 delivers a number of large-scale enhancements, extending the creative power of the industry standard sampler further than ever before. 

New pro effects
SOLID G-EQ* 
An authentic re-interpretation of a classic studio effect— a uniquely clean and musical 4-band EQ switchable to shelf on the low and high bands, plus two full parametric 

mid-bands. 

SOLID BUS COMP* 
Also available as a fully-fledged product in its own right, this virtual reproduction of a legendary compressor adds presence and drive without blurring the detail. Though 

traditionally used to "glue a mix together", it's not just for bus compression! 

TRANSIENT MASTER* 
Another premium-grade effect, also available separately — TRANSIENT MASTER is an incredibly musical and versatile tool for re-shaping any kind of percussive sound. Make a 

sound hit harder, or shorten the resonance tail of a sound that rings too long. Bring instruments to the front of the mix or smooth out spikiness. 

TAPE SATURATOR 
By simulating the natural, harmonic compression of analog tape, the TAPE SATURATOR adds a pleasing warmth to your sound. And pushed a little harder, it delivers a smooth, 

organic overdrive. 

* These pro-league effects are also available as fully fledged individual products - but you have them already included here in KONTAKT 5.

37 New Filters
KONTAKT 5 enhances your creative sound design palette with 37 new, high-quality filters, developed by the creative mastermind behind MASSIVE. The range covers the whole 

spectrum from classic state variable low-pass filters to avant-garde formant filters, and nine of the new additions employ groundbreaking adaptive resonance technology. These 

'AR' filters manage resonance peaks automatically — like an intelligent limiter inside the instrument — to avoid sudden harshness, unpleasant volume bursts, and unwanted 

distortion. 

Vintage Sampling Modes
KONTAKT 5 offers vintage sample modes, straight from the MPC school of beatmaking. These re-create the unique sound and feel of the MPC60 and the SP1200, and are authentic 

enough to bring a nostalgic tear to the eyes of veteran beatheads everywhere. The algorithms used come from MASCHINE.

Advanced Time-Streching
An important addition in KONTAKT 5 is the new Time Machine Pro algorithm*, providing super-high-quality time-stretching — particularly suited to melodic and tonal material. 

Use Time Machine Pro for complete audio fidelity and imperceptible tempo-changes with all harmonic content intact. 

Features for Builders

16 CHANNEL BUS SYSTEM 
The new 16- bus system introduces comprehensive routing options with integrated insert and send effects. This is a powerful tool for creating detailed effects chains within an 

instrument. For example, when building a drum kit, you might want to use completely different effects on the kick, toms and snare, while still sending the whole kit to a 

stereo master channel. Now you can. 

MIDI FILE SUPPORT 
KONTAKT 5 provides a new feature in the Kontakt script Processor: the MIDI file player. Useful for creating instruments that can play patterns, loops and grooves as opposed to 

single notes. As used in STUDIO DRUMMER’s groove library, which provides over 3,500 exclusive beats and fills as production-ready MIDI patterns.

ASSiGN's Note

* ABOUT THiS RELEASE * 

We had a hard time with this latest big sampler, but finally it is fully unlocked again! We wish this will be better than before. NI says that KONTAKT v5.0.1 will be released 

soon. To make our next release perfect, please try this one and report us if there are any protection errors with this release. Of course, this one is well tested and works 

fine here. 

- KONTAKT 5 Full version. 
- Capable of loading third party libraries without any activations. 
- Capable of editing password-ed KONTAKT scriptS. 
- Support old libraries and special libraries. 

* iT RUNS AS PLAYER VERSiON! * 

It seems that our installer loader failed to modify the registry. Please run the installer with Administrator rights. 

* HOW TO THiRD PARTY LiBRARiES * 

1.Copy or install the library to your HDD. 
2.Run Kontakt. 
3.Open "Libraries" tab. 
4.Click "Add Library" 
5.Select the library you located. 
6.Click OK(s). 
7.Restart Kontakt before using libraries. 

(Some libraries cannot be decrypted until you restart, Kontakt reads decryption keys at startup, so you need to) 
8.Done! 

* FAiLED TO ADD/LOAD LiBRARiES? * 
1.Restart KONTAKT. 
2.Remove the Library which has problem. 
3.Restart KONTAKT. 
4.Add that Library again. 
5.Restart KONTAKT. 
6.Done! 


Enjoy and Seed!!