The Whip Chamber\TWC - Dec 25, 2011 - Casey Calvert  + Pics



Fetlife Blog about DungeonCorp XMasochist Party 2011 by Ogre.

The potential goodness and absolute beauty of our community is so striking sometimes...and lets get right to the good stuff...fucking lust...you all looked so sexy last night! oh, its not that shallow really...being surrounded by people who are all taking care of themselves to the glow point is just very satisfying...

I think it all started when I showed up to meet our Damsel of the night, Casey Calvert...blam...damn...Through the years ive been able to put on my "poker face" with beautiful women...it other words...you just wanna drop your jaw and start babbling...but you stay firm in your apparent confidence...Casey is half my age and I had to remind myself to breath when looking at her...those eyes are deep brown pools...and the rest of her is perfect...

Casey and I had only emailed a few times before the event...and yesterday was so busy, we never even talked...But she showed up at her call time, with a dress ready for me to cut off as we had discussed...A very mature and professional babe at 19, she was open to the ideas as we went over the plans for the scene...I knew that she was excited to experience this type of scene...but she seemed as though a person who was standing in line to get on an unknown roller coaster...relaxed, calm...I think she was preparing herself...I was impressed...

WIth a rib injury, I didnt know how I would feel about Domming anyone...So, I called on Entropy to finish off the performance...I don't wanna brag or anything, but DungeonCorp will finally feature footage with folks in the LA scene who dont often go on camera for such nefarious porn productions...I got a little tingle in my penis when he agreed...

But as Damon and Bane led Casey into the scene, I was feeling very much at home...as soon as i got my hands around her neck, I was flying...and another quick realization...control is an awesome power to play with...but you must be adjusted...Yknow how they used to say not to do acid or shrooms if youre uneasy to begin with? Playing with power and control are the same for me...Because I do "trip" when Im playing...and If I begin in a bad place, it's only going to take me to a worse place...But, I was in a very good place for the party...and the scene with Casey took me to a better place...felt like settling into a warm pool of dark chocolate...undressing her for the crowd, feeling her loins get warm and wet as I rubbed her...the impact of the floggers on her skin and the feedback on my own hand...her screams...y'all know how it feels...delicious...

And handing her ass off to Entropy was so warm and cozey like sharing a mug of cocoa with marshmallows...that dude has a wickeder backhand stroke than Roscoe Tanner...but I found holding the vibrator against her clit, as he wailed from behind, to be very erotic...

I felt anoying as I grabbed the bullhorn to start the raffle...but as folks started to come onto "stage" to get thier gifts, i started to feel so friggin amazing...Leo Buscaglia never had it any better...friends and stangers coming up to shake hands and hug in front of other friends and strangers...fuck, im feeling so sentimental...

Much thanks to Casey! It takes a bad ass to endure that type of scene in front of a crowd...It's chaotic and much less protected than a shoot...and remember, she had only met us all an hour before it all went down...a testament to this young lady's future as a model, performer and all around limelight lover...she gave that party such awesome energy...people flocked to the play areas and stayed playing late into the night...other people gathered to watch and all was right with the world...this was truly a play party and that was my holiday gift to myself...all of you were...thank you! 



Screens  http://www.dungeoncorp.com/updates11/WIP/CAS_121711/index.html



Cheerz  :-)