. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                
                              
                             
                            
                            
                           
                               
                                
                                     
                            
                              
                          
                        
                                    
                                             
                                                   
                                         
                                      
                                   
                                   
                                       
                                             
                                            
                                
                           
                       
                
            
          !h8     
           
            
            
              
          
             
                     
           sMACk YOUr        
                                                 
                      sISTER pRESENTs...                

                    Wishful.Drinking.2010.720p.HDTV.x264-SYS

                        
                           
                                         
     
           
                                                         
                                                      
                                                                      


         .release date[ 12/25/10            .res[ 1280x720
         .air date[ 12/22/10            .fps[ 23.976
         .genre[ Comedy              .region[ NTSC

         .link[ http://www.hbo.com


                 
                       
                                   
      
     
                                                                       
       WISHFUL DRINKING, Carrie Fisher's hit stage production of the     
       intoxicating autobiographical tale of her life combines archival  
        footage with her one-woman stage performance, which was taped in
        June before a live audience.

        An actress, screenwriter and bestselling author ('Postcards from
        the Edge,' 'The Best Awful' and 'Wishful Drinking'), Carrie
        Fisher is the daughter of the late singer Eddie Fisher and
        actress Debbie Reynolds, known as 'America's Sweethearts' in the
        late '50s. She became a cultural icon at age 19 after starring
        as Princess Leia in the first 'Star Wars' trilogy in the 1970s.
        Despite growing up with 'Hollywood royalty' and experiencing
        early fame of her own, Fisher's life had its challenges, as she
        reveals in this uproarious and sobering account. Combining wry
        wit and raw facts, WISHFUL DRINKING reveals her own hilarious
        slant on the not-so-glittering side of being a celebrity. It's a
        show where she's circling the drain singing.

        From stardom to divorce, re-marriage to the death of a close
        friend, addiction to mental illness, Fisher recounts her peaks
        and valleys with unfailing candor and biting humor, referring to
        celebrity as just 'obscurity biding its time.'

        In WISHFUL DRINKING, Fisher details her complicated yet eclectic
        extended family tree in Hollywood Inbreeding 101, employing a
        blackboard and wooden pointer. Her father Eddie Fisher's very
        public affair with Elizabeth Taylor ended what had been
        perceived and celebrated as a 'storybook marriage,' and she and
        her brother Todd later watched both her mother's and father's
        'once white-hot bright star of celebrity slowly dim, cool and
        fade.' In 1973, at her mother's urging, the 17-year-old Fisher
        enrolled at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London;
        two years later, her life changed forever when she donned a
        white dress as Princess Leia in George Lucas' 'Star Wars.'

        Besides making her a star, the movie has resulted in Fisher's
        image being merchandised as part of the 'Star Wars' franchise
        for the past 30 years. Among the items she has adorned are dolls
        , shampoo, soap, Mrs. Potato Head and a PEZ dispenser. Fisher
        hilariously notes that among his many possessions, Lucas owns
        her likeness, 'so every time I look in the mirror, I have to
        send him a couple of bucks.'

        Aside from the strain from the high visibility of starring in
        one of the most beloved trilogies of all time, Fisher continued
        to face more than her share of challenges. With extraordinary
        candor, she discusses her subsequent bipolar diagnosis and the
        life-changing decision to have electric shock therapy (ECT).

        In addition to the first 'Star Wars' trilogy, Carrie Fisher's
        numerous films include 1975's 'Shampoo,' her feature film debut,
        and later movies such as 'Hannah and Her Sisters,' 'When Harry
        Met Sally,' 'The Blues Brothers,' 'Austin Powers: International
        Man of Mystery' and 'The 'Burbs.' Among her TV appearances are
        '30 Rock,' 'Family Guy' and the HBO series 'Sex and the City'
        and 'Entourage.'

        Fisher is also a screenwriter and bestselling author. Her novels
        , 'Postcards from the Edge,' 'Surrender the Pink,' 'Delusions of
        Grandma' and 'The Best Awful,' were all critically acclaimed,
        with 'Postcards from the Edge' being adapted for an Oscar-
        nominated film of the same name starring Meryl Streep and
        Shirley MacLaine. Her memoir 'Wishful Drinking,' taken from the
        stage show, was published in 2008 by Simon & Schuster, which
        will also publish Fisher's novel 'Shockaholic' in 2011.

        Fisher's one-woman stage performance 'Wishful Drinking' was
        taped for the HBO special at the South Orange Performing Arts
        Center (SOPAC) in South Orange, NJ. The play opened in Los
        Angeles in 2006 and was produced on Broadway in 2009 by
        Roundabout Theatre Company in association with Jonathan Reinis,
        Jamie Cesa, Eva Price and the Berkeley Repertory Theatre.
        'Wishful Drinking' is currently touring Australia and will
        continue to travel to select cities through the end of 2010 and
        into 2011.

        Along with the HBO presentation of WISHFUL DRINKING, exclusive
        additional material from a director's interview with Debbie
        Reynolds will be available on HBO On Demand.

        WISHFUL DRINKING producers and directors Fenton Bailey and Randy
        Barbato have produced a variety of acclaimed nonfiction
        programming, including 23 documentaries for HBO and CINEMAX,
        among them 'Heidi Fleiss: The Would-Be Madam of Crystal,'
        'Monica in Black and White' and 'The Eyes of Tammy Faye.'

        An HBO Documentary Films presentation, WISHFUL DRINKING is
        written and performed by Carrie Fisher; produced and directed by
        Randy Barbato and Fenton Bailey; senior producer, Lisa Heller;
        executive producer, Sheila Nevins.
                            
                                 
                                                  
      
            
                                                     
                                                 
                                                                      

      We know who we are, where we came from, and why we're here. Do you?
	
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                   
     
             
                                 
                        
       ascii!h8/HOA   SYS'2o10
                      
                          
                                       
                    tHrEE                aND    
                            tHOUSAND   rELEASES       cOUNTiN