

Recorded March 7th 1963 - June 17th 1966. This release 2001 in the 24 bit remaster Blue Note Connoisseur series.

Review by Ronnie D. Lankford, Jr. (AMG)
Straight No Filter finds tenor Hank Mobley in several settings from the mid-'60s, each of them excellent. The overall roster is quite impressive, starting with the first set which features trumpeter Lee Morgan, pianist McCoy Tyner, bassist Bob Cranshaw, and drummer Billy Higgins. The upbeat title cut is given a loose, post-bop feel by Tyner's comping, but things are brought back to earth by Mobley's emotional playing. A number of exchanges between Morgan and Mobley's horns give the piece an effective ending. "Chain Reaction" gives this group nearly 11 minutes to stretch things out, while "Soft Impressions" features a heavy blues groove. A couple of other standouts on this album -- "This Feelin's Good" and "Yes Indeed" -- feature trumpeter Donald Byrd, pianist Herbie Hancock, bassist Butch Warren, and drummer Philly Joe Jones. Hancock provides a distinctive backdrop for Mobley and Morgan's solos while turning in some fine work himself. Mobley shines on Sy Oliver's "Yes Indeed," delivering a soulful solo, shot through with the blues. His playing throughout Straight No Filter is warm, accessible, and inventive, and it is instructive to have these sessions side by side, giving the listener a chance to compare Mobley's work in different settings. It should be mentioned that he penned eight out of the nine of these fine compositions. Bob Blumenthal's liner notes are helpful, breaking down the individual sessions and providing a good overview of Mobley's career. Straight No Filter will be welcomed by Mobley's fans and lovers of hard bop. It shouldn't be missed.

Tracks 1-3:
Hank Mobley - Tenor
Lee Morgan - Trumpet
McCoy Tyner - Piano
Bob Cranshaw - Bass
Billy Higgins - Drums

Tracks 4-5:
Hank Mobley - Tenor
Freddie Hubbard - Trumpet
Barry Harris - Piano
Paul Chambers - Bass
Billy Higgins - Drums

Tracks 6-7:
Hank Mobley - Tenor
Lee Morgan - Trumpet
Andrew Hill - Piano
John Ore - Bass
Philly Joe Jones - Drums

Tracks 8-9
Hank Mobley - Tenor
Donald Byrd - Trumpet
Herbie Hancock - Piano
Butch Warren - Bass
Philly Joe Jones - Drums

01. Straight No Filter   
02. Chain Reaction   
03. Soft Impressions   
04. Third Time Around    
05. Hank's Waltz    
06. Syrup And Biscuits    
07. Comin' Back  
08. The Feelin's Good  
09. Yes Indeed 

 

