Release Title: Married.With.Children.Season.3(UKB-RG-BINGOWINGZ)
TV Air Date: 1987
Genre: Comedy
RunTime: 24 Minutes x22
Number Of Episodes: 22
8PatD.png
The Bundys are a stereotypical "white trash" American family.
Al is a shoe salesman who is fond of frequently reliving his
doubtful 15 seconds of fame on the football field.
Al is terrified of the all-to-frequent amorous advances his
ditsy wife Peggy, a woman who must spend most of Al's wages
at the salon and the mall. They have two children: Kelly,
the stunning but superficial party animal, and Bud, who is
too wrapped up in himself to realize his goal of "scoring"
with a girl.

The complete third season of the 1980s American domestic comedy series.
Set in the suburbs of Chicago, 'Married with Children' aimed at being
the antithesis of the safe, wholesome, comedy show on offer at the time,
and starred Ed O'Neill as Al Bundy - a low-paid shoe salesman, chauvinist
and patriarch to his dysfunctional family. His wife Peggy (Katey Sagal),
hates housework, cooking and anything else that gets in the way of her
make-up regime and appalling fashion sense. Daughter Kelly
(Christina Appelgate) likes to help out her fellow pupils with their sex
education, and little brother Bud (David Faustino) is a criminal-in-waiting.

Episodes:

Episode 1: He Thought He Could
Original Air Date:6 November 1988

Al discovers a library book that was due in 1957. He must return it to
the library and face up to his worst, childhood fear: the librarian.

Episode 2: I'm Going to Sweatland
Original Air Date:20 November 1988

When a perspiration stain on one of Al's shirts resembles a silhouette
of The King of Rock & Roll, the Bundy household becomes a hot spot for
Elvis Presley fanatics to visit.

Episode 3: Poke High
Original Air Date:27 November 1988

A young football player, named Matt, from Polk High where Kelly and
Bud go to school is threatening two Bundy records. One held by Al for
the most touchdowns in one season, and the other by Kelly for refusing
her advances. So, Kelly resorts to becoming a cheerleader for Polk
High's team in order to catch Matt's attention during a big season
ending game.

Episode 4: The Camping Show
Original Air Date:11 December 1988

The Rhoades and the Bundys head out to the Rhoades cabin in the woods,
but the merriment is halted by Kely's PMS. The men leave for a bit to
go out fishing, and return to all three women menstruating and hostile.
When a bear attacks the car, Al hilariously attempts to stop him.

Episode 5: Dump of My Own
Original Air Date:8 January 1989

Al decides to build a spare bathroom when the upstairs toilet floods one
too many times.

Episode 6: Her Cups Runneth Over
Original Air Date:15 January 1989

Al must go to a far-off lingerie outlet store to buy a discontinued brassiere
for Peggy.

Episode 7: The Bald and the Beautiful
Original Air Date:29 January 1989

Desperate Al and Steve put their heads together seeking solutions to impending
baldness when Steve begins to notice his receding hairline, whereas Al doesn't
care at all. After unsuccessfully trying some hair tonic for themselves,
Steve tries joining a club for bald men called Bald American Dudes (BAD) and
brings Al along with him who holds their latest meeting at the shoe store.

Episode 8: The Gypsy Cried
Original Air Date:5 February 1989

Marcy receives information from a gypsy that she's going to die on a plane crash.

Episode 9: Requiem for a Dead Barber
Original Air Date:12 February 1989

After the death of his longtime barber, Al lets his hair down rather than
tolerate a visit to a stylist or a salon... staffed by women. When Al backs
down and goes to a salon, he gets a really bad hairstyle that makes him look
like a woman.

Episode 10: Eatin' Out
Original Air Date:19 February 1989

The Bundy's go out to a fancy restaurant to spend a great windfall, an
inheritance check for $237 from a late uncle of Peggy's. But it becomes
apparent that the fine dinning in public is not a part of the dysfunctional
Bundy lifestyle, which makes matters worse when Al forgets to bring the check.

Episode 11: My Mom, the Mom
Original Air Date:26 February 1989

Kelly invites Peggy to her school as part of a presentation for career day.

Episode 12: Can't Dance, Don't Ask Me
Original Air Date:18 March 1989
After Kelly gets in trouble at school, the only way she can get out of punishment
if she joins a tap dance class.
Next US airings:
Sat. Apr. 23 3:00 PM CMTV

Episode 13: The Harder They Fall
Original Air Date:25 March 1989

While driving Peggy back from the video store, Steve gets cut off in traffic and
Peggy gives the driver "the finger." Steve then asks the Bundys to come over at
his and Marcy's house to watch some videos as protection when he's afraid of a
violent reprisal when he is followed home by the man. When there's a knock on the
front door, Al convinces Steve to take the first punch... and Steve ends up knocking
down a midget.

Episode 14: A Three Job, No Income Family
Original Air Date:2 April 1989
Al finally convinces Peggy to contribute to the household income but feels emasculated
when Peggy starts bringing home huge "commish" checks from her cosmetics sales job,
earning more money than Al, himself. Even Al's new part-time job as a crew member at
Burger Trek can't put him back in the lead as family breadwinner. Things go from bad
to worse when Al finds the book containing the names of Peggy's customers.

Episode 15: I'll See You in Court
Original Air Date:February 1989

In the infamous 'lost episode', Al and Peg learn they have been video taped getting
intimate at a sleazy motel. The same thing has also happened to Steve and Marcy.
They decide to take the matter to court.

Episode 16: The House That Peg Lost
Original Air Date:9 April 1989

After asking the Bundys to watch their house for the day, Marcy and Steve return to
find a big hole where their house once stood. It seems that Peggy had earlier that
day mistakenly told a wrecking crew looking to demolish Steve's Road House and she
directed them to Steve 'Rhoades' house instead. So the Rhoades are forced to spend
the night at the Bundy house. Meanwhile, Kelly throws a slumber party for four of
her girlfriends, but Bud ends up disrupting it and turns it into a "cat-fight" riot.

Episode 17: Married... with Prom Queen: Part 1
Original Air Date:23 April 1989

Peggy spends $2,800 of Al's hard earned money ($2,000 on phone bills, $500 on a new
dress, and $300 on makeup) when she decides to attend hers and Al's high school
reunion dance at Polk High, where Peggy makes a desperate effort to get herself
elected prom queen. But she may be outdone by her old rival, Connie Bender. Also,
Connie's husband, Jack, an old rival of Al's, eyes a possible fistfight they never
had in school.

Episode 18: Married... with Prom Queen: The Sequel
Original Air Date:30 April 1989

Peggy stands to lose the crown to Connie, until Al finally decides to stand up to
Connie's husband Jack. Meanwhile, Bud and Kelly crash the party to pig out on some
real food since they are never fed at home, where Peggy takes advantage of the fight
between Al and Jack outside to get the kids help in rigging the election.

Episode 19: The Dateless Amigo
Original Air Date:7 May 1989

After his two best friends find dates for themselves, Bud is desperately seeking
Susan, or any girl that will date him. So, Bud resorts to getting a life-size
mannequin to pose as his date for the evening. Meanwhile, Al comes up with a million
dollar invention for a shoe salesmen's convention that looks desperate, called
"Shoe Lights"; he takes the headlights and battery out of the car and straps them on
Kelly's shoes.

Episode 20: The Computer Show
Original Air Date:14 May 1989

The Bundys buy a computer, which serves no purpose other than a hat wrack.
But what nobody knows is that the computer can talk. But only to Al.

Episode 21: Life's a Beach
Original Air Date:21 May 1989

The Bundy's spend a day at the beach.

Episode 22: Here's Looking at You, Kid
Original Air Date:27 August 1989

When a serial peeper is on the loose, Al makes the ultimate sacrifice to alleviate
Peggy's despair about being the only one not fall victim. Bud must tutor Kelly so
she can pass to the next grade, unfortunately in order to make room, new information
pushes out old basic knowledge.
PSMdK.png
6qjh7.jpg
F8i95.png
Ed O'Neill ... Al Bundy (261 episodes, 1987-1997)
David Faustino ... Bud Bundy (260 episodes, 1987-1997)
Christina Applegate ... Kelly Bundy (259 episodes, 1987-1997)
Katey Sagal ... Peggy Bundy (254 episodes, 1987-1997)
Amanda Bearse ... Marcy D'Arcy (248 episodes, 1987-1997)
Buck Buck ... Buck the Dog (178 episodes, 1987-1995)
Ted McGinley ... Jefferson D'Arcy (168 episodes, 1989-1997)
8qSNk.png
ORIGINAL Source: RS