Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                   
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                   
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates



More Golden releases here:                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                   
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains 12 videos and 5 photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?v81xjqy02efqgumenyg6wmrevh 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0dljtb2naab1v14uvvtzh7zd2mhm 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2ohwci19c1a19zsllkyiwb5mmjw 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?r8jvv5kof4h6okm6rrrwa4n8a4u 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?7nzxlb022oeg2g6h6ytodmilciwj 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ny1e5j9zosn3v49jnuoekeauix2t

Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Some of you guys know me as Haley Sweet and 2 years ago I was doing quite a bit of boy/girl porn. Then I got pregnant, and I decided to quit and go back to Ohio where my family is. There I had my baby, and now she's nearly a year old and I've decided to go back to the business and my parents are taking care of the baby. To warm up in a literal sense I decide I'd shoot FTV first then go to LA for hardcore. How did I start doing porn? Well a long story short when I was living in Ohio, and I met a girl who I ended up becoming girlfriends with and she danced at a strip club. I went with her there and I got comfortable with dancing at the club after I turned 18. We then looked around craigslist and met an agent for LA and she went to shoot porn first. I followed a few months later and here I am! I love sex, I love masturbating, and I love girls. So I'm meant for the business, right? Now that I'm back from taking a year off, I have longer hair and I like it better this way. Maybe its my genes but I got really lucky and have no stretchmarks and my breasts are exactly like they were before I got pregnant. So believe me when I say I really did get pregnant and have a kid! My dancing helps too because it keeps me in shape and my butt firm and tight.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Haley had a long flight to catch -- Starting from Dayton Ohio, a 4 hr flight to Atlanta, a 2hr layover, and another 4hr flight from ATL to Phoenix. I picked her up at 9pm, and had her stay at the FTV mansion with her very own comfy master bedroom. She got up early, 7am, and got ready -- and we had our breakfast along with a 'flashing' interview. I realized then that she is pretty comfy with flashing in public, so I took it a step further at the mall, having her flash and finger herself in some rather public places. Some of which I'm surprised I got away with (like on the vibrating chair in the middle of the mall). Cute video of her trying to videotape herself, and getting a new pair of shoes to shoot with. More shooting on location at a gas station, again, pushing the limits of taking it all off in a public place. Back home, she masturbates with a few vibrators, and the Vibraqueen saves the day with a very strong orgasm (and some super-strong multi-vaginal contractions). Another thing that really turned me on her was her very pretty private parts, which I got a lot of closeups, as well as full gaping (and her first time panty stuffing). Notice the piercing on her clit (great for pulling/tugging video). She has some super cute feet, so I paid extra attention on getting more than normal video of them.


Model Comments: Well 2 days of staying here in Phoenix is a lot of fun. Where I was coming from it was freezing and here its like summertime! I don't care when people see me naked as long as it doesn't get me into trouble so I really had fun playing with myself at the stores & restaurants. I bought a new pair of wedges that really matched my outfit AND was the perfect fit! We got a lot of feet stuff too I get a lot of requests for it with my size 6 1/2 little feet. By the way the photographer is such a cutie! And he's got a great sense of humor so I got along with his so well. There was like a chemistry between us and we were laughing & talking all the time. I don't think he liked my tattoos though because he made sure he shot the side I didn't have tattoos or kept my shirts on. I don't want any more new ones but the one on my foot is my girls' name Bailey. I did some things that really filled up my pussy like the big toys and the cucumbers and pushing four fingers inside my pussy and I've never done that before. He wanted me to try and fist but I can't do that. You could say the golf ball part was the wildest thing at the end and three is about all I can get in me! Remember I'm petite. The other thing I'll always remember are those old machine vibrators that made me cum so hard and I squirted too. xoxo

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Out for lunch, she was very excited about eating at this place -- more flashing interview, and fingering under the table, then driving off to a neighborhood near a golf resort for some pretty pics & flashing video. Got the approval of the golfers nearby on her topless run! Since the Vibraqueen worked so well, might as well stick to those toys -- Vibraking is next -- and she has another super strong orgasm with visible contractions that seem to go on forever -- and a rather long squirt. Next it was time to test her limits, her petite vagina doesn't seem 'deep', but she gets a lot of the Long Pink and Big Pink toys in her. Dancing isn't her forte, but its just as hot for her to finger herself (maxing out at 4) and just seeing that sexy cute figure in a hot dress & heels. Kitchen time means veggies, and a rather unique white eggplant that we picked up. The color made for contrasting visuals, and a good view of the penetration. By the time she was penetrating herself with the cucumber, her vagina was pretty 'exhausted'. From what she told me, it was the first time she's been 'penetrated' in 2 months, as she hadn't had sex for that time period. This shoot will prepare for what she has in store with hardcore site in LA... On the last day, we have another breakfast, then go get some golf balls at a local golfing store. The kinkiest for last, she gets three golf balls in her!  Another outtake on breakfast on day3.