-
http:// www. Speed. Cd       
http:// www. Speed. Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ...... www. Speed. Cd..........
- 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                    Terror.On.Tape.1983.VHSRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Terror on Tape                                   
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-04-10       Source [ Retail VHS        
        Retail [ 1983-??-??       iMDB [ 5.0/10 (106)      
        Runtime [ 84 mins          Size [ 701MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Documentary                                      
                     /Horror                                          
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0128736/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 115kb/s VBR Joint Stereo -V6                   
          Video [ 512 x 384@ 1043kb/s 23.976fps                  
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           A Compilation of the most terrifying scenes from 20        
         of the scariest horror movies ever made. Hosted by           
         Cameron Mitchell.                                            
                                                                      
                  "A Video Nightmare You Can't Erase!"                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Terror on Tape is a promotional compilation                
         showcasing the most depraved scenes from a majority          
         of Continental Video's classic horror films. Classics        
         like Vampire Hookers, Blood Feast, Two Thousand              
         Maniacs and Color Me Blood Red. Continental Video            
         was convinced we wanted gore and when you look back          
         at the volume of slasher and horror output during            
         the 80s it's not hard to see why.                            
                                                                      
           The selected clips are presented using the                 
         fictional "Shoppe of Horrors Video Store" with a             
         ghoulish clerk who shares the shelves of his store           
         with a variety of different customers, each reflecting       
         different types of horror fans. If you grew up with          
         a heart for horror this is for you.                          
                                                                      
                       Enjoy!                                         
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To groups and sites that have supported us along the       
         way. To those focused on quality rather than quantity.       
         And to those who contribute and keep this fun!               
                                                                      
                                                                      
         We've enjoyed rips from...                                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                          
                                
                      nFO: asphyx