DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

There was a time when love was the most important thing in the world. People would go to the end of the earth to find it. They would tell lies for it. Even kill for it. Then, at last, they found the cure. Now, everything is different. Scientists are able to eradicate love, and the government demands that all citizens receive the cure upon turning eighteen. Lena Haloway has always looked forward to the day when she'll be cured. A life without love is a life without pain: safe, measured, predictable, and happy. But then, with only ninety-five days left until her treatment, Lena does the unthinkable

Amazon Best Books of the Month, February 2011: Lena Haloway is content in her safe, government-managed society. She feels (mostly) relaxed about the future in which her husband and career will be decided, and looks forward to turning 18, when she’ll be cured of deliria, a.k.a. love. She tries not to think about her mother’s suicide (her last words to Lena were a forbidden “I love you”) or the supposed “Invalid” community made up of the uncured just beyond her Portland, Maine, border. There’s no real point—she believes her government knows how to best protect its people, and should do so at any cost. But 95 days before her cure, Lena meets Alex, a confident and mysterious young man who makes her heart flutter and her skin turn red-hot. As their romance blossoms, Lena begins to doubt the intentions of those in power, and fears that her world will turn gray should she submit to the procedure. In this powerful and beautifully written novel, Lauren Oliver, the bestselling author of Before I Fall, throws readers into a tightly controlled society where options don’t exist, and shows not only the lengths one will go for a chance at freedom, but also the true meaning of sacrifice. --Jessica Schein Amazon Exclusive: Lauren Oliver’s Delirium Playlist (Click on the song name to listen to a sample) "Resistance" by Muse This song sounds so passionate and desperate, and I think it’s one of those magical songs that sounds like it was written with my characters in mind (if only!). "The Outside" by Taylor Swift Taylor Swift always perfectly captures the feeling of isolation, of not fitting in. She nails it in this song. "You Don’t Know What Love Is (You Just Do As You’re Told)" by The White Stripes The title is perfect and the sound is great for energizing me at the start of a writing session. And seriously, Delirium could have had this as a sub-title! "The Cure" by Tegan and Sara I love listening to Tegan and Sara and their moody—but somehow optimistic—songs. The title couldn’t be more a propos, obviously. "I Am A Rock" by Simon & Garfunkel This song is all about trying to be strong and self-sufficient—to deny the interdependence of people. I definitely think the characters in Delirium are trying to be rocks, and often not succeeding. "Better" by Regina Spektor She asks over and over, Will you feel anything at all? Enough said. "Say No To Love" by The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart I listened to it the first time just because of the title . . . and lo and behold! It’s also just a great song. On a side note: The cover art is fabulous and also Delirium-esque. "Steer" by Missy Higgins This is one of those anthems that pushes you forward—a good post break-up song but also a good song for remembering you’re in control of your own destiny. "Somewhere Only We Know" by Keane I picture this song playing during some of the quieter, more intimate scenes in Delirium. It kind of brings to mind the idea of a secret space, be it physical or just internal. "Free Me" by Joss Stone Full disclosure: This song is often on repeat on my iPod. Great song for fighting back, pushing through, and being an individual. "Most Precarious" by Blues Traveler Blues Traveler is so underrated—it’s ridiculous. And this is my favorite of their unknown songs. The time is now and you don’t have long… So true, man. So true! "Grey" by Ani DiFranco Even Ani knows the power of the color grey! "The Truth" by James Harrison James is a young musician I know from NYC. When I hear this song, I imagine him as Alex, playing a song to Lena—maybe while they're in the Wilds! His sound is so stripped-down and also so honest. "They Can’t Take That Away From Me" by George Gershwin, as sung by Frank Sinatra Nothing like some old school romance—they knew how to do it back in the day. This reminds me of a song Lena’s mom would have liked. "Who Am I Living For?" by Katy Perry There’s something scary about this song. It’s so foreboding and passionate—and I love it. "Poses" by Rufus Wainwright I think I might be in love with Mr. W. His voice is downright haunting and this is a perfect walking-around-NYC-with-my-headphones-on-and-thinking-about-the-meaning-of-life song. Trust me.