Highlights

    Most comprehensive antispyware solution available - 360 degrees of protection
    Continuous monitoring stops spyware before it can attack
    Advanced detection and removal capabilities for stubborn spyware
    Automatic defense updates keep you protected from the latest threats
    FREE customer support 

Advanced Anti-spyware Detection and Removal

Webroot Spy Sweeper's advanced detection and spyware removal software is effective at fully removing even the most malicious spyware programs in a single sweep. You won't have to scan and restart your PC a number of times with Spy Sweeper - one sweep and your PC is clean.
Real-Time Anti-spyware Solution

This new version of Spy Sweeper advances the industry-standard in spyware removal software—stopping threats like Trojan-Downloader-LowZones and SpySheriff from ever installing in the first place.
Enhanced Rootkit Discovery Methods

Malicious spyware uses rootkit technology to bury its files deep within your PC. Webroot Spy Sweeper finds and destroys these programs with robust rootkit discovery methods, a feature many other antispyware programs lack.
Always the most Current Anti-spyware solution

Outdated security is one of the biggest vulnerabilities home PC users face. Webroot's VersionGuard® ensures your protection is always current by automatically installing free updates to Webroot Spy Sweeper as soon as they are released.
Easy to Use

Webroot Spy Sweeper is antispyware for Windows7, XP and Vista and installs quickly and easily. With a streamlined security console and customizable options, Webroot Spy Sweeper makes scanning for spyware a breeze.
Minimal Impact on Computer Performance

With our spyware removal software, your security is optimized for speed and efficiency, but not at the expense of protection. Scanning can be initiated in the background or after hours to minimize any impact to desktop performance.
Accurate Risk Assessment

Spy Sweeper gives you a quick overview of each threat, what it does, and its potential danger. It's just another way that we help you make educated decisions to keep or remove unwanted programs.
Uninterrupted Games and Movies

Our convenient Gamer Mode ensures you are not interrupted while playing online games or watching movies.
Minimum System Requirements

    Windows XP 32 bit SP1, SP2, SP3
    Windows Vista® 32 bit (all Editions)
    Windows Vista SP1 32 and 64 bit (all Editions)
    Windows 7 32 and 64 bit (all Editions)
    300MHz processor (minimum), 1GHz (recommended on Windows Vista and Windows 7)
    256 MB RAM (minimum), 2GB (recommended on Windows Vista and Windows 7)
    100 MB Hard Disk Space
    Internet Explorer 5.5 and higher, Firefox 2.0 and higher

