Cracked by....:  Minamoto          Release-Name..:  CR-X2348.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2011/03/21
Packaged......:  CORE              Release-Type..:  Util
Protection....:  AquaticPrime      OS............:  MacOSX
Crack/SN......:  Keyfilemaker      Language......:  English
Rating........:  You decide    Disks.........:  01

..: DESCRiPTiON :..

iDentify 2 is an OS X application for tagging iTunes compatible
MP4 video files.

Normally, when you convert a video file to the format used by iOS
devices such as the iPad, iPod, iPhone or AppleTV, all the
information about the video is missing The only thing you see is
the name of the file where the title of the video should be
Enter iDentify 2

iDentify 2 looks at the name of files as they are added to it.
Based on the name of the file, iDentify determines wether it is a
TV Show or movie based on common naming conventions. From the
file name, a lot of information can be gleaned, such as movie
title, show name, season number, episode number, year of release,
and imdb code. iDentify can then automatically look on The TVDB,
The Movie DB, and tagChimp to gather more information about the
title, such as description, rating, chapter names and more
iDentify also inspects the file and can automatically turn on the
HD flag on the movie when the resolution of the file goes above a
set minimum

iDentify not find your video? fixing it is easy Simply edit the
movie title or show name to match that found on theMovieDB.org,
or theTVDB.com (respectively) and click rescan

Want to change the tags of multiple files in one fell swoop? No
problem Add the files to iDentify, select all the ones you want
to edit from the list, and click edit. All changes you make are
now applied to all selected files

When you are done, just click "Process Files" to write the new
information to your files, and when iDentify is done, you are
ready to add your videos to iTunes

Want even more automation?

You can optionally choose to register the software for the low
cost of 9.95. When you register, you will be emailed a
registration key that unlocks the following:

Automatically add files to iTunes after being processed
Automatic file renaming to any naming convention you choose
Option to mark your files with a green label in Finder after
iDentify has finished processing them
Option to automatically process files and quit iDentify when
files are added
My gratitude
 
http://identify2.arrmihardies.com/

..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..

= "Quick" How-To =

Press the "Install(Update) Haxie" button if it's pessable. (If
not, skip to step 3.)
Reboot if you pressed the button in step 1. Start the keymaker
again after reboot.
Press the "Generate" button to install the license.

= "Troubleshoot" How-To =

Install the APE plugin by pressing the "Install(Update) Haxie"
button. (Make sure you have Application Enhancer installed) The
keyfilemaker will try installing the Haxie if you have
Application Enhancer installed. If you already install this Haxie
before, make sure the you keep the newer version of the plugin.
If the installation does not start automatically, you can install
it via Application Enhancer. The Haxie will be output to your
desktop.
After installed the plugin (.ape), logout once or reboot before
you generate the keyfile or use the serial. (In most of the
cases, you don't have to do this, but there's always exceptionsK)
Use our keyfilemaker /keymaker to generate and install the
license file on your desktop. (The keyfilemaker will try to open
it with the application, and if it fails to validate, either this
build of the application is not working with the Haxie or you did
not logout once after you install the Haxie/Application Enhancer)
Enter the generated serial or install the generated license
file on your desktop.
Restart the app and enjoy.

= NOTE =

The license files/license keys made by the
keyfilemaker/keymaker will not work without both Application
Enhancer & plugin installed.
Sometimes logout/reboot is needed for the plugin to take effect.
The plugin only work for 10.5 and 10.6.
If your system does not recognize the .ape plugin as a bundle,
then you have to install it via the Application Enhancer prefpane.

= Credits =

Application Enhancer is a product of Unsanity LLC
(http://unsanity.com/), CORE thanks them for their wonderful
work, and we are sorry that we can't send official letters to ask
for licensing our Haxies, since we simply can't do it, and you
all know why.

= ChangeLog =

Version 1.3 - SDK update and help file for those who can't read.
Version 1.2 - Add support for applications with special 64-bit
class and instance variable access control settings.

Thanks for choosing
(C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering