The film was downloaded from youtube in 6 parts. I created the subtitles to it in Hungarian.

Language: Czech
Subtitle: Hungarian

imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1533061/


A 14-year battle with drug addiction 
in a documentary film by Helena Třeštíková



Origin of the Film
Helena Třeštíková's Katka is a remarkable documentary tracing fourteen years in the life of a young junkie and her battle with drug addiction. The director says her original intention to document the life of a drug therapist gradually evolved into a portrait of one of the therapist's clients, Katka. The main reason she was chosen over other junkies was her ability to reflect on her own addiction. 
We first meet Katka in 1996 as a 19-year-old girl in the Sananim therapy community in the town of Němčice; an addict already for four years, Katka is looking forward to leading the normal life enjoyed by others her own age. She dreams of finding a boyfriend and starting a family one day. But the seduction of drugs is stronger: we next meet Katka on the streets of Prague, where is she is experiencing a love affair with heroin with her boyfriend Láďa.  Her life is spiralling in a desperate cycle of theft, searches for drugs, moments of unhampered joy and more theft. After she breaks up with Láďa prostitution becomes her main source of money. Katka's awareness of the hopelessness of her existence and serious liver disease finally lead her to enter methadone substitution treatment.
But the spiral of physical, psychological and moral devastation knows no end – only momentary, desperate attempts to break her addiction. She crashes over and over, and it seems that any chances of salvation for Katka are gone. Nevertheless, when Helena Třeštíková meets up with Katka and her new boyfriend Roman, it looks as if there is still a chance for a happy ending: Katka is pregnant, and this time she is firmly resolved to stop taking drugs. Will hope prevail in a grimy squat littered with plastic bags, syringes and cigarette butts?


