The Christmas Choir (2008), DVDR(xvid), NL Subs, DMT
Canada
Drama
90 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1285239/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/61764

geregisseerd door Peter Svatek
met Tyrone Benskin, Marianne Farley en Jason Gedrick

Peter Brockman is een succesrijke, maar geestelijk opgebrande boekhouder, wiens leven op zijn kop 
wordt gezet wanneer hij vrijwilligerswerk in een tehuis voor daklozen aanneemt en dat gerund wordt 
door de norse, wrokkige zuster Agatha. Verbaasd door de muzikale begaafdheid van sommige 
bewoners, stelt Peter hen voor om een koor te op te richten en vakantiedeuntjes te gaan zingen in 
een plaatselijk metrostation. Hoewel de zangers en Peter elk door hun eigen persoonlijke 
moeilijkheden gaan, beginnen zij langzaam meer zelfvertrouwen te krijgen door hun muzikale 
optredens.

Nineteen days before Christmas, accountant Peter Brockman is dumped by his fiancée, Jill, because 
of his workaholic ways and being emotionally detached from life. Proverbially drowning his sorrows 
(with soda) at a lounge, Peter meets the lounge's "volunteer" blues pianist/singer Bob, who works 
solely for tips. The two discuss their love of music and Peter's long since forgotten dreams of 
becoming a musician when he was younger. When Bob invites Peter to his home for dinner with his 
family followed by a jam session, Peter has no idea that Bob's home is a shelter and that his family is 
comprised of the other homeless men. After speaking to Sister Agatha, the tough, straight-talking 
nun at the shelter, Peter, reevaluating his life, decides the best way he can help is to form a choir at 
the shelter, the choir's performances which would help give a little extra pocket money to its 
members so that they can have a merrier Christmas. The choir faces many obstacles, including the 
dichotomy between Peter and its members, unrealized expectations and Sister Agatha's skepticism. 
But the biggest obstacles may be the baggage each person brings to the group, the person with the 
largest baggage being perhaps Peter himself, who has long been estranged from his alcoholic father. 
Through it all, Marilyn, a new friend of Peter's, is by his side hoping that she can provide a little 
assistance and guidance to Peter realizing his dreams

Source: Retail
Size: 700 MB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1158 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  656 x 368
Frames/s: 25.000 Fps
Audio:  English
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 
Vertaling: The Site: bedankt!

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Drama

Deze film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER



