 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118799/

BTW we are happy to be launching this greatest movie on our new fiber optic
Internet service, although we have bandwith that is dedicated to keeping torrents
going where seeding support on certain of our crucial torrents wherever seeding has
been weak and in need of a prop-up. Thanks you to all the kind folks who seed our 
better torrent offerings!

1280 x 720p DivX HD avi from bluray, Dual English-Italian audio tracks at 256k
each English subtitles file is included for those who require it for the Italian
audio (track 1) you may turn the subtitles on or off simply by placing the srt
file with the movie onto a (cheap dvd5) disc as we did to enjoy it on our 
(bluray) DivX HD disc player (which even connects to the Internet to fetch trailer
content!) and using the subtitles switch on your player's remote control.

La vita e bella is a movie of great moral genius. If Hitler was looking
to be supreme, he'd have to find some place other than Italy to be able to
truly say so in any way shape or form! 

There is a greatness to the spirit of the peoples of Italy in what is human beauty
of the greatest idealism - that is true strength and virtue and is unmistakable
in all that are its people - ALL of whom make Hitler look like a freak by
comparison!

There is much humour in the antics of this movie, and it remains a comedy
of great worth, despite having to see the harsh realities of the inane
holocaust cruelties that reached Italy too.

On the other hand, we are kept from the horrors by being aware that a spirit
that lives in what is Italian beauty - will not accept that such horrors
could possibly be true or be allowed to touch sensitive human souls as to
destroy the spirit here too.

If you look kindly at the little boy we are shown in this movie, and ask yourself
where is there a nicer true Irish spirit in a good Christian that is filled
with the potential for goodness like none other - idealism that has no equal
in that it is nice, first and foremost, wanting to be simply good, rather
than wicked, innocent rather than insane with hubris of the inane.

There is the greatest potential of Europe - in bringing together all great spirits
such as these together in fairness and justice in what is forming of a Union at 
the EU parliament, as compared to what has ever been envisioned instead.

Nothing but a greatest human spirit of true moral virtue is supreme, and all
else remain hypocritical charlatans - as was certainly true of the Hitler mindset
then as it is today, Following such ideas of supremacy as Hitler only destroys what
is best in us all - if we are inclined to for real, rather than being forced to,
that is! A couple of movie soundtrack selections are included for you too,
by the way!

Please seed! With thanks, tak! Grazie and danke - merci!

Michael Rizzo Chessman


















 










