
SeriousBit UndeleteMyFiles Pro 2.1


A professional tool to recover mistakenly deleted files on your computer.

Description:
UndeleteMyFiles is a profesional tool to recover accidentally deleted files from hard disks, USB flash drives, CF and SD cards and other storage media.UndeleteMyFiles is a quick and easy way to find and recover deleted media and digital devices.It employs a simplified two-step process that enables you recover any files that used to reside on your system.The interface is very easy to use, just select the device that contains the files that need to be recovered and specify the folder to save the files to.

Features:
- File Rescue - The File Rescue Wizard is a quick and easy way to find and recover deleted files from PC. It employs a simplified two-step process that enables you recover any files that used to reside on your system.
- Media Recover - The Media Recover Wizard is a quick and easy way to find and recover deleted media from PC and digital devices.It employs a simplified two-step process that enables you recover any files that used to reside on your system.
- Delete File Search - The Advanced Delete File Search provides a great variety of specialized filters that allow you to find and work closely with specific deleted information and files.Recoverable items can be previewed beforehand, deleted file contents can be searched and organized in many ways, and entire directory structure may be recovered. There is an option of deleted disk partitions files and folders recovery.
- Files Wiper - The Security Tools allow you to delete any files permanently without recovery.Also provide an option of Windows context menu integration.
- Emergency Disk Image - The Emergency Disk Image can be a critical tool when salvaging lost data because it provides a way to save all data on a particular drive to a single file and recover intended items over time without risk of loss due to use of original drive. Disk images create an immediate usable snapshot and thus prevent deleted data from being overwritten by subsequent drive activity.
- Mail Rescue - Mail Recovery Wizard.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To know , learn and get all things come and join here
LOTS AND LOTS OF GREAT THINGS ARE HERE
               
https://forum.suprbay.org


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1400+ torrents                                                                                                 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	