

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 26 - The Story of David






POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 26 - The Story of David




POtHS Comments on This one:     Film Quality is not the Best, the Story is good.


Discription


Untold millions have sought solace and comfort from the Psalms through the ages. Of course there's probably nothing quite so comforting as being plucked from obscurity to lead your people, not to mention smiting a giant, something the Psalms' supposed author, David, experienced. This 1976 television movie following David's life from his young shepherding years through his death is highlighted by a less glossy sheen (a lot less glossy sheen, more about which later) than most Hollywood Bible epics, while it also suffers from that same "television-itis," a small scale feel that hinders its larger ambitions. Whether you as an individual viewer derive comfort or annoyance from The Story of David is probably therefore predicated on how you react to sometimes laughable production values, even as they surround a fair degree of intelligent writing and characterization.

One of the more famously laughable moments in Hollywood's Biblical oeuvre is Victor Mature's hilarious "fight" with the stuffed lion in Samson and Delilah. Well there's a runner up in the Israel and Spain filmed Story of David. In the opening sequence, a lion is about to prey on one of David's beloved sheep (a black sheep, no less). David hauls out his trusty slingshot and hurls a rock toward the beast, seen only in stock footage, of course. We hear the squeal of the animal, and then it cuts to a laugh out loud "dead" lion made of plaster of paris or somesuch material, looking absolutely nothing like the animal we've just seen. It's moments like these, sprinkled throughout David's three hour running time, that may make some viewers approach the telefilm as high camp, rather than a heartfelt exploration of the character of one of history's great icons.

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    









                       
                 
