Navigating waters with no visible landmarks or shallow shorelines can be a daunting task for even the most experienced navigator. Pair our HomePort trip planning software¹ with your existing BlueChart® data and view map details such as underwater hazards and hidden obstacles so you can plan a route to avoid them.

FEATURES

    Displays both fishing and navigational charts from BlueChart g2 Vision® (also compatible² with BlueChart g2 navigation charts).
    Allows user to measure distance and bearing on the charts.
    Displays route/track depth profiles, distance and bearing measurements.
    Converts tracks into point-to-point routes (track to route conversion) and specifies the speed for each leg of the route.
    Provides ETA and arrival times (for each leg) when you create routes.
    Shows animated playback of data collected on device.
    Calculates fuel consumption (based on fuel flow data provided by the user).
    Exports selected data to Google™ Earth.
    Displays statistics and graphical information about tide stations, tidal streams and currents and tidal predictions.
    Displays grid lines to show latitude and longitude.
    Allows you to manage waypoints, routes and tracks.
    Allows you to view the map north-up, map-up or course-up.
    Displays celestial information such as sunrise, sunset and moon phase.
    Displays photos and point-of-interest detail.
    Supports vector charts.
    Includes worldwide basemap.
    Allows multiple map views.
    Allows users to mark waypoints and other points of interest, and when finished, send the data to an SD card or proprietary Garmin datacard to load into your compatible Garmin chartplotter or sounder (Mac version does not support proprietary Garmin USB card readers).

¹HomePort software does not include map data.

²Inland Lakes software is not compatible with HomePort. If using a device preloaded with Inland Lakes software in conjunction with BlueChart g2 and g2 Vision pre-programmed cards, only the pre-programmed cards are compatible.

REQUIREMENTS

Mac®

    Any Intel-based Mac
    1 GB RAM (2 GB preferred)
    OS X 10.5.8 (Leopard) or later
    250 MB disk space
    USB port
    microSD™/SD™ card reader
    Not for use with dial-up Internet access
