 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080336

Agatha Christie's Tommy and Tuppence "Partners in Crime Series" is fun
for those that enjoy polite British culture with a light air of frivolity
while going about an apparently serious business.

We found these videos at a private site on the net, and discovered that
two episodes were at a lower res from the remain bath - and were of an
older Xvid codec variant that didn't play on our new disc player. We therefore
converted the entire lot to DivX for you at mainly 640 X 480 (as original) with 1000k bitrate - except for two episodes in the bath (separate folder) that were lower res (382 X 288 with 718k bitrate) as I indicated. Audio is set to 128k on all.

This series isn't for everyone, you've gotta be a British fan to enjoy them.
Then again the benefits of immersing yourself in British culture s that it invariably leads to an improved idea of civility and sensibility in articulation as well as Christianly idealism and romanticism too.

I watched the entire series first decades ago before returning to University.
It was of course all on VHS tape back then, from the only British video store in
the town back then.

Anyways, its a nice detective series that is a nice enough quality if you
mainly want to enjoy the benefits of having the program in any event - rather
than the very best we could do - although please stay tuned to announcements
of an HD version for you perhaps too, which I would be happy to provide as soon
as is practicable to do - just as we plan two offerings in the Upstairs
Downstairs series too for DivX vs HD - both!

We are seeding our Rumpole series - so please do join in - we have developed some
seeds recently and enough may hopefully choose to stay as we add to the list of
completions here too! Our Maigret offering is also nice, so please join in here
too! We are also re-seeding all the Michael Rizzo Chessman karaoke series soon
Thanks to all that are on the job now (as we have been too recently to some 
extent!) The 3.62GB zip file vrsion of the 5.11GB collection (its posted at the
piratebay) is a great one to get in on especially!)


Thanks and good luck with your seeding efforts on British content especially!


Michael Rizzo Chessman












