This has all of Katy Perry's work in it. Specifically:

ALBUMS:
Katy Hudson
One Of The Boys
Teenage Dream (2 Disc edition)
and that song she did with Ke$ha.








Some info about her:




Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), better known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American pop musician. Born in Santa Barbara, California, and raised by Christian pastor parents; Perry grew up listening to only gospel music and sang in her local church as a child. After earning a GED during her freshman year of high school, she began to pursue a career in music. As Katy Hudson, she released a self-titled gospel album in 2001, which due to the closing of her record label, was deemed unsuccessful. She later recorded an album with production team The Matrix and completed the majority of a solo album from 2004–5; neither of which were released.

After signing with Capitol Music Group in 2007, her fourth record label in seven years, she adopted the stage name Katy Perry and released her first Internet single "Ur So Gay" that November, which garnered public attention; but failed to chart. She rose to fame with the release of her second single "I Kissed a Girl" in 2008, which went on to top international charts. Perry's first mainstream studio album One of the Boys followed later that year and subsequently, became the thirty-third best selling album worldwide of 2008.[1] It was accredited platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America while "I Kissed a Girl" and her second single "Hot n Cold" both received multi-platinum certifications. Perry was ranked the ninety-seventh Artist of the 2000–10 decade by Billboard.

She has since become well recognized for having an unconventional style of dress and often combines bold colors and vintage fashion. Her sophomore studio album Teenage Dream was released in August 2010 and debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. The album included hit singles "California Gurls", "Teenage Dream" and "Firework", all of which topped the charts on the Billboard Hot 100 and worldwide.

Perry has since expanded her repertoire into various other business ventures. She was credited as a guest judge on the seventh series of the British television show The X Factor; has released a fragrance called "Purr"; and will appear in the upcoming 2011-film The Smurfs.

Perry had a long relationship with Travie McCoy; she married Russell Brand on October 23, 2010.







Techy shit:

This has all Katy Perry's music in it.
It's all 128 kbps
All the properties should be on each of the songs (Album cover not included)
I downloaded all of this from The Pirate Bay. I am uploading this to save you time in hunting for it.
Any requests? Post it as a comment.








If you're questioning yourself 'Am I gonna get a virus from this?' the answer is no. I have a tursted skull and I have gotten marrage proposals for my uploads. All I ask? That you seed the living fuck out of this. 




Piracy is not theft. Theft is taking something so no one else can have it. Piracy is copying a fail from one person's computer on to yours. 