Artist:     Keith Jarrett
Album:      The Koln Concert
Label:      ECM
Label Info: (HDtracks)
Media Info: -
Mastered:   -
Thanks to:  kryno
Kind:       Studio Master 24-Bit/96kHz
Source:     Studio Master
Sound:      Stereo
Bit / kHz:  24/96
Genre:      Jazz
Year:       1975
Artwork:    .pdf
Fileformat: .flac




The Köln Concert is a recording released through ECM by the jazz pianist Keith Jarrett, who performed solo improvisations at the Cologne Opera House in Cologne (German: Köln) on January 24, 1975. As of 2010, it is the best-selling solo album in jazz history, and the best-selling piano album, with sales of more than 3.5 million.



Preliminaries to the concert were not auspicious. The concert was organized by Vera Brandes, Germany’s youngest concert promoter. Brandes had selected a Bösendorfer 290 Imperial concert grand piano for the performance, but the stagehands did not realize that the piano was stored in the cellar of the building. Instead, they found a Bösendorfer baby grand backstage and assumed that it was to be used. This piano was intended for rehearsals only, and was in poor condition.



Jarrett had not slept in two nights. He arrived at the opera house late and tired after an exhausting hours-long drive in a Renault R4. He rushed to finish a hasty meal just minutes before the concert was to begin. After learning about the substandard piano, Jarrett nearly refused to play. Brandes, who just turned 18 years old, had to convince the 29-year-old Jarrett to perform nonetheless. Almost as an afterthought, the sound technicians decided to place microphones and record the concert, even if only for the house archive.



The instrument was tinny and thin in the upper registers, so Jarrett concentrated on ostinatos and rhythmic figures.



Despite the obstacles, Jarrett's performance was enthusiastically received, and the subsequent recording was acclaimed by the critics and an enormous commercial success. With sales of more than 3.5 million, it became the best-selling solo album in jazz history.



The recording is in three parts, lasting 26 minutes, 34 minutes and 7 minutes, respectively. As the concert was originally programmed on LP, the second part was split into parts labeled "IIa" and "IIb". Part IIc actually is a 3rd part, the encore.



A notable aspect of this concert is Jarrett's ability to produce very extensive improvised material over a vamp of one or two chords for prolonged periods of time. For instance, in Part I, he spends almost 12 minutes vamping over the chords Am7 (A minor 7) to G major, sometimes in a slow, rubato feel, and other times in a bluesy, gospel rock feel. And for about the last 6 minutes of Part I, he vamps over an A major theme. Roughly the first 8 minutes of Part II A is a vamp over a D major groove with a repeated bass vamp in the left hand, and in Part II B, Jarrett improvises over an F# minor vamp for approximately the first 6 minutes.



Since the release of The Köln Concert, Jarrett has been asked by pianists, students, musicologists and others, to publish the music. At first, he resisted such requests since, as he said, the music played was improvised "on a certain night and should go as quickly as it comes." However, this improvisation already existed in recording, and the transcription only represents the music, so he finally came around to publish an authorized edition, but recommended that every pianist who intended to play the concert should use the recording itself as having the final word. A transcription has also been published by Manuel Barrueco for classical guitar.
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_K%C3%B6ln_Concert





Track listing

1. "Part I" – 26:01
2. "Part II a" – 14:54
3. "Part II b" – 18:13
4. "Part II c" – 6:56

All compositions by Keith Jarrett





SOURCE: SOMETHING ELSE!
Posted: 2010-05-19

By Pico

If blogs had been around in the late 70s or the 80s I wouldn't have thought for a second to write about Keith Jarrett's watershed album The Koln Concert, because every jazz enthusiast with a computer keyboard and a Blogger account would have already been flooding the internets with praise about this record. Three and a half decades after its 1975 recording and subsequent release, it remains the record people most identify with Jarrett, and in all likelihood, ECM Records' all time best seller. But enough time has passed to reflect again on the significance of this record, a timeless recording whose fame was nevertheless rooted in the timing of its release.

By the mid 70s, jazz was dominated by rock-jazz fusion. This sub-genre of jazz had gotten off to a terrific start, but eventually, much of it became over-composed, over-produced and full of bravado. What was gained in proficient musicianship was more than countered by the loss of swing, soul and substance. Sure, there were some notable fusion records of that era and many of them even raved on here, but increasingly, jazz-rock was offering little to offer over what you could get from rock itself. Some of jazz' most respected players like Jackie McLean, McCoy Tyner and Dexter Gordon stubbornly stuck with acoustic post-bop jazz and paid the price by being driven into obscurity and in some cases, near poverty.

The first flicker of hope in the eventual resurgence of unplugged jazz came one day in January, 1975 when Keith Jarrett sat in front of piano in a Kln, West Germany opera hall and began to play melodies that didn't exist before that moment. A few years earlier, Jarrett had ironically been a soldier in the movement to rockify jazz as a member of Miles Davis' band for about 18 months from 1970 to 1972. It's a stint he's since disowned, and not long after he left, Jarrett became as likely to play any plugged-in instrument as Marie Osmond was likely to have a tryst with George Clinton. Around the time he was wrapping up his gig with Miles, he recorded his first solo piano--and ECM--record Facing You (1971) that while taped in the studio, paved the way for Koln a few years later.

Jaunty or reflective, soulful or swinging, Jarrett opened up his heart and played whatever notes felt right at the moment. Missing from the show was overly flashy displays of instrumental prowess; instead of being found playing the perfect lick, Jarrett chose instead to get lost in the melody. He used virtuosity to advance, get this, art instead of science.

The reaction to this recording is nothing like ECM or Jarrett had probably expected. After all, it went against the prevailing rules. It return an idiom to its basic values, in a sense, just when its public was ready for that kind of shift. It went by feel, not flash. Keith Jarrett did for jazz what the Ramones did for rock just one year later.

The Koln Concert didn't single-handedly bring jazz back to its roots; The Koln Concert isn't even a “jazz" record except in a loose sense. It took several more events to rekindle interest in acoustic and/or lighter jazz on a broader scale: the emergence of both Pat Metheny and Wynton Marsalis, among other things, finally swung the pendulum firmly back in the other direction. But Jarrett revealed a lot of untapped interest in both, as long as the music was honest and fresh. And thirty-five years later, The Kln Concert sounds as fresh and honest as it did when these songs were composed, in front of a live audience.