Antivirus System that provides well balanced, state-of-the-art protection against threats endangering your PC
NOD32 provides well balanced, state-of-the-art protection against threats endangering your PC and enterprise systems running various platforms from Microsoft Windows through a number of UNIX/Linux, Novell, MS DOS operating systems to Microsoft Exchange Server, Lotus Domino and other mail servers.

Trojans, viruses, worms and other malware using NOD32 are kept out of striking distance of your valuable data. Advanced detection methods implemented in the software even provide protection against the future threats from most of the new worms and viruses.

The fourth generation of the NOD32 Antivirus System features a fully integrated software suite characterized by an unprecedented detection track record, the fastest scanning rates and extremely low utilization of system resources.

NOD32's detection efficiency combined with 2-50 times faster hard disk scanning rate earned the product many international prestigious awards.

NOD32 is the world leader of the Virus Bulletin 100% Awards having won more awards (21) than any competing product. Since its first submission for testing in May 1998, NOD32 was the only tested product that has never missed a single In the Wild virus.

Here are some key features of "ESET NOD32 Antivirus":
? ThreatSense technology - a single optimized anti-threat engine for analyzing code to identify malicious behavior, such as viruses, spyware, adware, phishing and more
? Unprecedented heuristic analysis capable of discovering new malware threats as they emerge
? Powerful virtual PC emulation technology enables unpacking and decryption of all types of archives and run-time packing
? Able to clean active malware running in memory
? Protects at multiple infiltration points, including HTTP, POP3, SMTP and all local and removable media
? Removes infections from files that are locked for writing (e.g., loaded DLL file)
? Prevents infected files from being opened and executed, and warns on creation of infected files
? Automatic execution on system startup
? Supports multiple Terminal Server environments
? Supports scanning of mapped network disks

System Requirements
Processor Architecture: i386(Intel?80386) AMD?64 (x86-64)
Operating Systems: Microsoft?Windows? 7/ 2000/ XP/ Vista?
Memory: 44 MB

What's new in ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4.2.71.2:
Fix: Lockups on certain system configurations
Fix: Memory leaks when gui stays maximized for a longer period of time
Fix: Mail saved as Draft is scanned with antispam and moved to the Junk folder in Windows Live Mail
Added: Button for adding applications to the list of applications excluded from content filtering
Added: Support for scanning SSL in Firefox 4
Added: Support for SAGETECH Enterprise Right Management
Added: Support for Cisco ASA WebSSL Smart Tunnel
Added: Support for Parallels Virtuoso


ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 (32-Bit)
Microsoft Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000

ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 (64-Bit)
Microsoft Windows 7/Vista/XP (64-bit)


Installation Notes:
1. Extract and Install x64 or x86 Eset Nod32 AV.
2. Use The Fix of your Choice (Read the Appropriate ReadMe.txt)
Enjoy !!!