Description

Foodurama is a new approach to healthy living. It is a diary for everything you eat, as well as your sports activities and by calculating your nutritional requirements, it will help you not simply eat less of something but eat the right amount.

Foodurama isn't tailored to any specific diet which often try to give your body too little of either fat, carbon hydrates or proteins. Foodurama will instead help you become aware of what you eat and how often you're actually involved in sports. See when you've had enough fat for the day and have Foodurama suggest foods and beverages that best complement what you've had all day.

If your doctor prescribes going below or above the usual limit for a specific nutrient, Foodurama is easily set up to factor in your temporary needs. You can easily record your weight each day and analyze it in comparison to your sports activities and the intake of one or several nutrients.

■ Eat a more balanced diet
■ Get to know a greater selection of foods / dishes
■ Profit from a database of over 7,000 different foods to pick from

■ Enter your own food, including their nutrient values
■ Plan ahead for the day
■ Record your daily sports routine and have Foodurama automatically adjust your requirements

Instructions.

1. Copy .app to the Applications Folder
2. Select Foodurama in the keygen and generate a serial.
3. Register the App
4. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks aka darealthing 

(M removing darealthing from my name, you all can call me AJhacks)

An important Notice to our Fans and downloaders

We AJhacks aka darealthing & Reagan07 are planning on teaming up only for you guys so that we could provide as many Apps as possible


Is this a good idea???

WE DON'T HAVE A NAME FOR THIS TEAM, WE WANT YOU GUYS TO DECIDE THE NAME FOR OUR TEAM

We are organizing a $20/- App giveaway

All you have to do is give a NAME for our team
The chosen Winner will get a $20/- App on his request …

The entries ends on 12th of FEBRUARY 2011.


Please provide the names in any of our torrent comments

Example: 
"Name of the team - and your desired name"

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Do not PM (Private Message) us.

Note: 'AJhacks' and 'darealthing' is the same person………….

Greetings,
- AJhacks aka darealthing
- Reagan07