Description:

Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager is the second studio album by American recording artist Kid Cudi. The album was formerly known as Cudder: The Revolution of Evolution, before being renamed. The album was released November 9, 2010 by GOOD Music and Universal Motown.

Released: 2010

Genre:   Alternative Hip-Hop

Length:	62:06

Tracklist:

Act 1: The World I Am Ruling
1.  Scott Mescudi Vs The World feat. Cee Lo (Producted by Emile)
2.  REVOFEV (Producted by Plain Pat)

ACT 2: A Stronger Trip
3.  Dont Play This Song feat. Mary J. Blige (Producted by Emile)
4.  We Aite (Wake Your Mind Up) (Producted by Emile)
5.  Marijuana (Producted by Dot Da Genius)
6.  Mojo So Dope (Producted by Emile)

Act 3: Party On
7.  Ashin Kusher (Producted by Chuck Inglish)
8.  Erase Me feat. Kanye West (Producted by Jim Jonsin)
9.  Wild n Cuz Im Young (Producted by Plain Pat)
10. The Mood (Producted by Emile)

Act 4: The Transformation
11. MANIAC feat. Cage and St. Vincent (Producted by Anthony Killhoffer)
12. Mr. Rager (Producted by Emile)
13. These Worries feat. Mary J. Blige (Producted by Emile)
14. The End feat. GLC, Chip Tha Ripper and Nicole Wray (Produced by Blended Babies)

Act 5: You Live and You Learn
15. All Along (Producted by Emile)
16. GHOST (Producted by Emile)
17. Trapped In My Mind (Producted by Dot Da Genius)


--a message from plead_5th:--

These files were originally uploaded by [NoFS]. This user felt the need to label each and every .mp3 file with a Copyright of [NoFS]. This notion of labeling individual files as ones own is counter-productive to the freedom of information. Although these files were intended to possess Copyright protection, they were in no way intended to be labeled by [NoFS]. 

Also, each and every file was initially titled incorrectly causing programs such as iTunes and WinAmp to order the songs incorrectly. I have taken the liberty of stripping any and all Copyright labeling on these files, as well as comments. I have renamed the files to organize just right in iTunes and WinAmp. 

information should be free. kopimi.
now go tell [NoFS] what it means to be a pirate.  

--i plead the 5th.--