
info, crack
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/battlefield-3-reloaded
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/crack-only/battlefield-3-crack-only-reloaded



Battlefield 3 (c) Electronic Arts Inc.

RELEASE.DATE .. 24/10/2011
PROTECTION .....: EA/Crap
DISC(S) .. 2
GAME.TYPE .....: Shooter

Battlefield 3 leaps ahead of its time with the power of Frostbite 2, the
next instalment of DICE's cutting-edge game engine. This state-of-the-art
technology is the foundation on which Battlefield 3 is built, delivering
enhanced visual quality, a grand sense of scale, massive destruction,
dynamic audio and incredibly lifelike character animations. As bullets whiz
by, walls crumble, and explosions throw you to the ground, the battlefield
feels more alive and interactive than ever before. In Battlefield 3,
players step into the role of the elite U.S. Marines where they will
experience heart-pounding missions across diverse locations including Paris,
Tehran and New York

Frostbite 2  Battlefield 3 introduces Frostbite 2, the incredible
technology that takes animation, destruction, lighting, scale and audio to
new heights. Built upon this powerful game engine, Battlefield 3 immerses
players physically and emotionally to the world around them like never
before

Feel the Battle  Feel the impact of bullets and explosions, drag your
fallen comrades into safety, and mount your weapon on almost any part of
the terrain. Battlefield 3's cutting edge animation, spectacular visuals
and real as hell battle gameplay attack your senses and make you feel the
visceral warrior's experience like no other FPS

Unparalleled Vehicle Warfare  The best online vehicle warfare experience
gets even better with a fitting sonic boom as fighter jets headline an
impressive lineup of land, air and sea vehicles. Other returning fan
favourite features include 64 players for PC and prone

Urban Combat  Take the fight to iconic and unexpected places in the USA,
Middle East, and Europe including claustrophobic streets, metropolitan
downtowns, and open, vehicle-friendly landscapes as you fight your way
through the war of tomorrow
 

HOW TO
1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game. Redistributables as needed in Installer dir afterwards
4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir on DVD2 to your installation dir
5. Play the game.

As usual we recommend firewalling the main executable, not using Origin, and
avoiding EA


SCREENS

 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-DD3C_4EA1FAAE.html





