The Jim Bohannon Show 17-Oct-11 CF mp3 32K
Commercial Free

Monday, October 17, 2011
On The Jim Bohannon Show...

The standoff continues in Congress. The Republican House passes legislation that the Senate will not consider. The Senate, still controlled by the Democrats, brings up legislation that the Republican minority is able to block procedurally. The net result: nothing is getting done. The President\'s jobs bill was a non-starter, and Mr. Obama is now out on the road pushing for its provisions to be taken up piecemeal - which he previously argued against. In the meantime, the Republican Presidential candidates are criss-crossing the nation trying to gather both interest and campaign cash from a public that just doesn\'t seem thrilled with the choices that they\'ve been presented. If a \'mainstream Republican\' like Mitt Romney becomes the nominee, will the tea party forces turn out for him or will they sit on their hands and stay home? Or, could they put forth a third party choice? And, how will the accelerated campaign calendar affect the race? Lots to talk about in the political arena tonight with a return guest: Major Garrett, former FOX News White House correspondent now serving as the Congressional correspondent for the National Journal. 

We have spoken on more than one occasion about the danger the world would be in if Iran managed to develop nuclear weapons. We\'re going to fast-forward the calendar to a date not that long into the future to a time when this horrible possibility has become fact. For whatever reason, the U.S. and the rest of the world has stood by and let an unstable regime test a nuclear device. The result: a planet on the brink of a nuclear war. At least that\'s the premise of the new novel - at least for now it\'s fiction - from return guest Joel Rosenberg entitled \"The Tehran Initiative\" (published by Tyndale House). The story revolves around the very real fear that Israel could unleash a nuclear holocaust through a preemptive attack. It\'s up to CIA operative David Shirazi and his team to track down and sabotage Iran\'s nuclear warheads before Israel or Iran itself can launch a devastating first strike.