
Set personal goals and achieve real results with an unparalleled mixed martial arts (MMA) fitness program designed by leading MMA training experts and certified by UFC and the National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM).

UFC Personal Trainer provides players with an extensive assortment of effective and challenging MMA-inspired exercises, in both pre-set and customizable routines, to build strength, increase endurance, burn calories and get results.

Personalized instruction and tips from the MMA trainers guide players to stay motivated, get fit and track their goals with a helpful in-game journal.

In addition, the game's Ultimate Training Mode enables players to participate in high impact agility drills, with opportunities to earn rewards and have fun with friends in a competitive, multiplayer environment.

Authentic UFC Fitness Experience - Certified by UFC and the National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM), UFC Personal Trainer is designed by leading MMA training experts Mark DellaGrotte, Greg Jackson and Javier Mendez to deliver a challenging and motivating UFC fitness experience that includes the best and most effective exercises utilized by today's renowned UFC fighters.

Intense Mixed Martial Arts Exercises - Learn over 70 MMA and NASM certified exercises, including moves from disciplines such as wrestling, kickboxing and Muay Thai, that are designed to improve strength, endurance and conditioning through use in a variety of routines. Each in-game routine is specialized to target specific muscle groups, as well as factor individual skill levels and fitness goals.

Customisable Workeout Routines - Focus on specific fitness objectives by building personalized routines with up to 12 different exercises. Each custom routine can also be modified to increase or decrease intensity of the game's pre-set pace, enabling players to fully maximize their training experiences based on individual preferences.

Personalised Training Tools - Receive additional guidance and encouragement throughout the fitness journey by choosing a goal and working with an MMA trainer for personalized instruction. Players will learn MMA-inspired exercises, as well as authentic training techniques and healthy lifestyle choices, enabling them to burn calories, build strength, lose weight and meet goals through a comprehensive fitness experience.

Ultimate Training Mode - Hit the mitts against several popular UFC fighters with a variety of challenging rhythm and timing-based agility drills that utilize punching and kicking sequences. Players can unlock a variety of different drills to earn rewards, each with increasing difficulty, as well as compete against friends.

Dedicated Program System - Focusing on three distinct target goals - losing weight, building strength and improving performance - players may select a pre-set 30 or 60-day program that best meets their fitness needs. The selected program populates the in-game calendar with daily routines for players to follow, as well as tracks user performance.

Progress Tracking & Motivational Support - An in-game journal enables players to view a comprehensive calendar of their fitness activities, including specific routines, time management and more. The calendar continuously tracks progress and provides recommendations to help players meet their desired results.