Vso Bluray To MKV-1.3.0.0-Multilingual.aaaevilacharya



VSO Blu-ray to MKV software performs fast conversion Blu-ray videos to MKV with top image quality and easy file selection. Convert your Blu-ray files in MKV in one click. Select the audio and subtitle of your choice from the video, and press convert. You may burn the conversion to DVD if you would like. Conversions are completed quickly, giving you the best quality possible.


Create MKV files in stardard or high definition format: 720 or 1080 pixels in the output size of your choice. Enjoy your blu-ray movies in non blu-ray devices and still benefit from the high definition quality! You can burn your MKV files to a disk with the integrated burning engine. The live preview allows you to watch the conversion process. With the VSO burning engine included in the software, burn your project onto DVD automatically. Blu-ray to MKV also supports ISO images as input files! No external codecs or additional software needed except for a decrypter if converting from protected Blu-ray disks.

Convert Blu-ray videos to any format in an easy 1, 2, 3 step process:
1) Select the Blu-ray video and choose the audio and subtitle tracks
2) Use the quality analyzer to adjust settings for the best quality
3) Just sit back and relax during the conversion!

Perfect quality
You have a choice of various video codecs (H264, Mpeg4) and audio codecs (AC3, AAC, DTS). Use our quality advisor to adjust the settings of your project to get the best quality: see before you even start the conversion process what the quality will be and adjust settings for fine tuning. Never be disappointed again by poor quality results! Blu-ray To MKV also uses our advanced Image Filter to converts images down from HD to SD or select the output to be in High definition and no resize will be needed! Our image filter has already proven itself to be one of the best image resizing solutions on the market today.

Simplified with Advanced technology
Our advanced discriminator technology does all the hard work for you behind the scenes. Whether you want to convert a movie or a Blu-ray series, the discrimintor presents the main files you need and insures the correct ordering of the files. This means no more sorting through long lists of video files wondering which file is the right one to select - our software does it all for you. Not only that, but for films with multiple angles, a special preview module helps you choose which angle you want to convert.

ENJOY....