Date: 	01-28-11
Host: 	Rob Simone
Guests: 	Mark Lerner

Filling in for George Noory, guest host Rob Simone (email) welcomed professional astrologer Mark Lerner for a discussion on various topics related to astrology. Lerner shed light on the recent Sun-sign change controversy that began after Minneapolis-based astronomer Parke Kunkle suggested the constellations, along with everyone's zodiac signs, have shifted due to Earth's wobble. According to Lerner, Western astrologers do not follow apparent star groupings and constellations. Their practice is instead based on precisely dividing the year, starting at the Spring Equinox, into 12 equal divisions, he explained. "If you've always thought you were a Sun-sign Cancer, you are still," Lerner affirmed.

Anyone or anything (such as a company or nation) born at a specific moment in time has a chart, he continued, noting that a person is imprinted with his sign at birth after taking the first breath. The positions of celestial bodies at that juncture represent archetypal or spiritual energies related to an individual's higher destiny, but this does not necessarily mean one is fated to have a certain kind of life, Lerner advised. In addition, by charting someone's current cycle, the transits and progressions, astrologers can ascertain even more information about that person, he said.

Lerner pointed out that astrology can analyze interactions between people as well. This area is known as composite astrology and is used to determine how any two people (lovers, business partners, etc) will relate to each other. Lerner also commented on the unwarranted hysteria surrounding the Mercury retrograde period, the current unrest in Egypt, and what he sees ahead for President Obama and the country. Obama may be better placed as president two years from now, when "the astrological alignments affecting America's birth chart are going to be incredibly severe," he warned.

The final hour of the program featured Open Lines.
Website(s):

    * earthaquariusnews.com

Book(s):

    * Inner Child Cards
    * Baseball Tarot
