What's new?

    A completely new text rendering system that does not only make text much more readable, but also supports any font in any language
    Better collision detection, fixing previous problems with objects sliding along curved polygons
    Better looking lasers
    Added derivate information in plots
    Improved sliders:
        Enter equations as values, e.g. "10^3" or "15*3"
        Use x to refer to current value(s), e.g. enter "x*2" to double every value the slider controls
        Enter a range by separating with " - ", e.g. "10 - 20" specifies a range but "10-20" a value (=-10) 
    Mirror and rotate now also rotates/mirrors velocities
    Scale tool now scales attributes such as spring strength and geometry attraction, making it easier to scale things with maintained behavoir
    New behavior: Objects drawn or erased with brush tool will not move until the user is done
    Added a checkbox in Options->Simulation for toggling the existence of killer planes on/off
    Improved input handling. Dragging something should now provide instant response
    Changed select-behavior: CTRL toggles selection, CTRL+SHIFT adds to selection and SHIFT deselects (as before). The old behavior is available via "App.GUI.ctrlSelection = false")
    Better sketch recognitioning
    Erase selected water by drawing a line over it
    New icons for a few things
    Clicking a selected object now does nothing. This means you can double-click one of several selected objects to get the context menu, improving usability on touch screens
    Nicer tool-bar flip
    Added ability to unlock Algodoo for one user only when not logged in as admin
    Rescaling a box now leaves the text scale be unless the scale is axis-uniform (Scale-tool + SHIFT)
    Added console search via / (example: type in "/gravity" and press enter)
    Language support for Chinese, English, German, Japanese, Slovak, Spanish and Swedish
    Hundreds of fixes and tweaks! 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Algodoo a barrier-breaker, creating a new synergy between science and art.

ALGODOO is a unique 2D-simulation software from Algoryx Simulation AB. Algodoo is designed in a playful, cartoony manner, making it a perfect tool for creating interactive scenes and physical experiments. Algodoo encourages students and children’s own creativity, ability and motivation to construct knowledge. Making it as entertaining as it is educational. Algodoo is also a perfect aid for children to learn and practice physics at home.

    FUNCTIONALITY - Create and edit using simple drawing tools. Interact by click and drag, tilt and shake. Use color traces, graphs, forces, etc. for enhanced visualization. 

    PHYSICAL ELEMENTS - Build and explore with rigid bodies, fluids, chains, gears, gravity, friction, restitution, springs, hinges, motors, light rays, optics, lenses. 

    USER COMMUNITY - Algodoo has a large and active community, engaging educators, parents and kids. This website enables collaborative authoring of lessons and lecture material. Algodoo also comes with lesson plans for different key stages in education. 

    METHODS - Algodoo is based on the latest technologies, from Algoryx Simultion AB, for interactive multiphysics simulation, including variational mechanical integrators and high performance numerical methods. 


Algodoo runs on Windows, Mac OS and Linux. Algodoo is optimized for the Intel® powered convertible Classmate PC and interactive whiteboard systems. 