 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074991/

6,8




]Cliff Robertson (soon to be seen in Spiderman) stars as wealthy American businessman Michael Courtland whose life is turned upside-down on his tenth wedding anniversary. After a lavish party, Michael and his wife, Elizabeth (Genevieve Bujold) hear a scream from their daughter Amy's bedroom. Elizabeth runs to see what's wrong, but doesn't return, and by the time Michael reaches the room, both have disappeared but he finds a ransom note demanding $500,000.

In order to save his family, Michael arranges to sell his interest in the business to his partner, Robert LaSalle (John Lithgow), but Inspector Brie of the New Orleans police advises against giving in to the kidnappers. An attache case filled with fake notes and a radio transmitter is handed over, and a furious chase ensues when the kidnapper escape with Elizabeth and Amy ending in a collision with a petrol tanker. The kidnappers' car bursts into flames and plunges into the river, apparantly killing Michael's beloved wife and daughter.

Sixteen years later, Michael and La Salle go to Florence on a business trip. Michael can't resist revisiting the cathedral where he met Elizabeth and it is here that he meets a young Italian woman called Sandra, who bears a striking resemblance to his late wife.

Sandra (also played by Genevieve Bujold) and Michael fall in love and return to the States, and Sandra develops a fascination for Elizabeth, even wearing her jewellry and styling her hair in the same way. However, Michael's new found happiness is short-lived. During their wedding night, Sandra disappears, and Michael awakes to find a ransom note....

The haunting music was scored by Bernard Hermann and was nominated for an Oscar for `Best Original Score' in 1977. Hermann also composed the music for Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo, which inspired De Palma to write Obsession.



Director Brian De Palma
Certificate 15 years and over
Year 1976
Screen Widescreen 2.35:1 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1)
Subtitles Nordic
Duration 1 hour and 36 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2 

Special Features

Documentary - `Obsession Revisted', featuring director/writer Brian de Palma, Genevieve Bujold, Cliff Robertson, producer George Litto and director of photography Vilmos Zsigmond talking about the making of the film 
Theatrical trailer 
Filmographies 
Interactive menu 
Scene access

Actors

Cliff Robertson, Genevieve Bujold, John Lithgow, Wanda Blackman, J. Patrick McNamara, Nick Kreiger & Don Hood

Obsession [1976 PAL DVD][En Subs[Nordic]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Mästerlig thriller med överraskande slut!

1959, New Orleans, efter ett party hemma hos makarna Michael och Elizabeth Courtland, kidnappas hustrun och dottern. Trots varningar från förövarna kontaktar han polisen, och i det misslyckade fritagningsförsöket som följer förlorar Michael sin familj.

Sexton år senare besöker Michael en katedral i Florens och möter av en slump en kvinna som är häpnadsväckande lik hans döda hustru. Kan han genom henne finna en väg ur sitt skuldtyngda förflutna? 

Men Michaels förflutna är på väg att hinna i kapp honom på ett sätt han aldrig hade kunnat ana.

Speltid 95 min
EAN-kod 7350036720162
Textning Danska Finska Norska Svenska
Ljud Engelska (Stereo)
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk)
Extra material
» Biografier med Cliff Robertson, Geneviève Bujold, John Lithgow, Brian De Palma, Paul Schrader, Bernard Herrmann, Vilmos Zsigmond
» Trivia om filmen
» Bildgalleri
Lokal titel Gastkramad
Orginal titel Obsession
Genre Thriller
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 1976
Regi Brian De Palma
Manus Brian De Palma Paul Schrader
