Diary of a Wimpy Vampire: Because the Undead Have Feelings Too!
By Tim Collins
Michael O'Mara | 2010 | ISBN10: 1843174588 | EPUB/MOBI/LIT/PDF 
http://www.amazon.com/Diary-Wimpy-Vampire-Feelings-ebook/dp/B004D39MTA

Like Edward Cullen in "Twilight", Nigel Mullet was transformed into a vampire when he was still a teenager, and will remain this age forever. Unfortunately, Nigel became a vampire at the awkward age of fifteen, and must spend eternity coping with acne, a breaking voice, and an ineptitude with girls...In this, his excruciatingly funny diary, Nigel chronicles his increasingly desperate attempts to be noticed by the love of his life, Chloe Sparrow, the constant mortification caused by his vampire parents (not to mention the worry that they might accidentally eat one of his friends), and the frustration one feels when you've got the whole of boring eternity stretching out in front of you and you can't even have a lie in (vampires don't sleep). Forced to hang out with the Goths and emo kids due to his pale skin and social awkwardness, and constantly battling his embarrassingly overwhelming desire to sink his fangs into Chloe's neck, will Nigel ever get his girl? Fantastically witty and hugely enter tanning, this fun and accessible diary will appeal to any fan of "Twilight" or "Adrian Mole", teenage or otherwise.

If the title sounds familiar it's because this hilarious new graphic novel is "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" meets "Twilight". As vampires go, Nigel Mullet is so pathetic even the squirrels in the park beat up on him. Turned into a vampire as a gangly 15-year old, he never developed the usual vampire traits like mesmerizing beauty, lightning speed, or supernatural strength. As he approaches his 100th birthday, he has never even had a girlfriend. When Chloe, the new girl, shows up in History class one day, he is immediately smitten with her black eyes, pale skin, and long neck. Unlike the girls in the popular gang, Chloe is independent and has a mind of her own. Nigel has a long way to go before she'll let him sink his fangs into her.

Tim Collins' portrayal of teen angst through the eyes of a geeky vampire is laugh-out-loud funny. His comical black & white drawings add a cartoon layer to this brilliant parody. "Diary of a Wimpy Vampire" is destined to become a cult classic among middle school boys.