Country  Philippines, Language Tagalog (Filipino) English subs
Drama, Gay, Gay Interest


Maalaala Mo Kaya The Pride Collection (2006) NTSC DVD9

\"Cake\" Duration: 51mn 20s

Ronald (Gardo Versoza) and Rod (Rustom Padilla) are both OFWs working in the same company in Saudi Arabia. They become very close friends especially when Ronald finds out that his wife in Manila left him leaving their children with his family. Out of depression, Ronald commits suicide by jumping from the building where they\'re staying. Luckily, despite the damage to his body caused by the accident, he survives. This starts a closer and deeper relationship between the two.

\"Cellphone\" Duration 55mn 43s

Yvonne (Joross Gamboa) is a native of Bohol who leaves his hometown to pursue his dreams in Manila. A gay such as he, is not accepted in his province. Later he decides to go back to his family but because of his sexuality, his family denies his return. He then, stays with his aunt and cousin\'s place. Through an unidentified number, a relationship starts. Unknown to Yvonne, the person he\'s in relationship with his cousins friend Jordan ( TJ Trinidad). Fate will determine if their relationship will continue once Jordan finds out who he really is.

\"Manikang Papel\" Duration: 51mn 9s 

Dodong (Jiro Manio) and Nitoy (Carlo Aquino) are brothers who live without proper care and guidance from their parents. As a young boy, Dodong feels that he\'s different from his brother. He is gay. Despite the sexuality, his brother Nitoy, loves him so much. They\'ve been through a lot in life especially when Nitoy loses sanity. To support his brother\'s medication, Dodong enters gay prostitution. He gets beaten up all the time by his customers but prostitution is the only way he knows how to survive and help Nitoy.

\"Juice\" Duration : 59mn 28s

Bundang (Roderick Paulate) is a gay beautician who is so in love with Baduday (Aiza Seguerra), a barangay watcher. At first, Baduday hates Bundang so much until an unimaginable incident happens one night. Drunk and unconscious, they share the night together in bed. One thing leads to another until Bundang realizes that Baduday is woman. She gets pregnant and gets to like Bundang. Together, they face life\'s hurdles as they raise child in a community where gay marriages are not accepted.

IMDb Link........: None

 Genre............: Drama
 Year.............: 2006
 Country..........: Philippines
 
 Source...........: DVD Retail
 DVD Format.......: NTSC
 DVD Size.........: DVD9
 Programs Used....: Ashampoo Burning Studio
 Screen Format....: Fullscreen 4:3
 Audio Language...: Tagalog (Philippines)
 Audio Format.....: DD 2.0
 Subtitles........: English

 Menu.............: [x] Untouched, intact.                   

 Video............: [x] Untouched, intact.
                   
