  Micro XP Pro 0.91 New Edition

By DarkReverser



Installation time: ........11min

Speed:.......................As fast as it gets

Functionality:..............No errors, Fully functional

Iso Size:.....................217 MB

HD Space: ................ 482 MB (after swap deletion)

Required Ram: .......... 64MB

Security: ...................Improved (Tweaks + Updates)

Automatic: ................Setup & speed enhancements

Purpose.....................To minimize iso size while keeping most features and increasing security and speed.





New in 0.91 release:

-WGA checking apps like Security Essentials now work

-Includes KB2492386 for maximum app compatibility

-Automatic Update now works  

-Size of Iso greatly reduced with next to no feature loss

-Tweaks scripts updated

-Added web installers and shortcuts to desktop to save you time in getting certain apps on your system

-XPlite addon is removed

-ReAdded Ethernet Drivers since its used by VirtualBox



Summary:



There are a lot of crap MicroXP out there, and this isn't one of them.

This is a quality release.

No need to activate.

All significant speed enhancement are built-in except for swap file.

Feature-wise, this copy has almost all the features of original XP Pro.

Automatic Windows Update works.

App Compatibility now exceeds retail copy.

Why install this copy instead of retail? No need to activate, malware-free, much faster, more secure and requires less ram than retail copy.  

Can I use this copy to fix my friend's computer?  Yes, this is a high quality release.



Instructions:



Make sure you "Force Recheck" the torrent once it is stopped and burn on a slow speed, select verify option.

Burn on any media you want with imgburn, nero, poweriso etc...

Install is automatic, just configure your bios, choose where to install and everything else will be done for you.



Supported Languages:



Arabic, Armenian, Chinese (Simplified only), Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Hebrew, Hindi,

Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Vietnamese



Only the main regions for the languages are supported.  

All options in "regional and language options" work, and in accordance to the included languages above.



I don't want to install XP on C Drive?



You have three options.

Make sure only one storage unit is connected to computer prior to loading XP Setup; optical drive doesn't count.

1. If you see another partition, select that partition.

2. If there are no partitions, then you must create two partitions.

  By default when you go to make a partition, XP gives the maximum size.

  You need to reduce this size so that you can make a second partition.

  Now create you second partition, and select it to install XP onto it.

3. If there is exactly one partition, it is probably taking the whole hard drive, and you need to delete then create two partitions as discussed.



Ever heard about MicroXP 0.82?  



I am not the author of the product and happily so.  Anyways it installs in half the time because it only has about 20% of the original feature set.

What does that mean for you?



-Many applications including drivers will not install correctly or at all.

-Many errors

-No Security Policies furthermore security policies impossible to implement

-Administration not possible e.g., password protected account cannot be enforced

-Sharing of Hard Drive is automatically on by default

-Windows Firewall isn't included etc



In summary, that you can only use it on a offline computer and only for gaming.

Can't be a good author if sharing of entire hard drive is on by default.



What is MicroXP Pro 0.90 good for?  Everything, and improves security, speed and ram over retail.  It has about 90% of the feature set, yet is three times as small as original iso. That other 10% are features that can be forgotten, or for which a new version of the software exist.  Further below I list the removed components.





Using Windows Update, and word about Application Compatibility



I previously stated that Windows Update and WGA checking apps like Security Essentials require XP to be activated in order to function.

I am happy to report that I was mistaken and have tricked XP into thinking it is activated even though the activation component is absent from the release; lol.

Window Genuine Advantage is a backdoor.  It's a two-face program.  On the one hand, it will give its assessment of whether windows is genuine (properly licensed) or not, but

on the other hand (as it regularly contacts Microsoft) Microsoft can give its own assessment, deem it ungenuine and instruct the app to de-activate windows or certain features.

On MS update, it is currently known as KB905474, but future versions will come out; perhaps with a different Knowledge Base number.  The point is, we don't want a backdoor on pirated

copy of XP.  Here pirated means (created from retail version, but unproperly licensed).  The genuine advantage is suppose to be access to exclusive MS apps and certain XP updates.

But the program itself falsely identifies Micro XP Pro as genuine.  To add to insult, it comes to this conclusion with licensing component fully removed from XP

But remember even if it marks XP as genuine, it is still a backdoor for Microsoft.  Yap, I've tricked XP into thinking it's properly licensed even though licensing component is removed

Conclusion:  If your going to use install MS updates, don't install KB905474 or anything "Windows Genuine Advantage".  Not installing this may prevent you from installing updates from Internet Explorer.

                  However, you'll still be able to update XP with Automatic updates.  In short, I garentee Automatic Updates.  Also avoid update KB955759 (as the component is removed from XP).

      Alternatively to Automatic Updates, you may install and use Microsoft Baseline Security Analyser 2.2





Finally, with regard to App Compatibility, one could argue that it is impossible to have better app compatibility in the wake of removed components/services.

My counter argument is simply that next to no apps utilise the components/services I remove therefore unaffecting app compatibility

AND

I include a MS compatibility update; for software that failed to work out of the box for XP SP3 retail.

Therefore, Micro XP Pro 0.91 has superior app compatibility than retail.





Recommondations



General

          Read the "Using Windows Update" section.

       Remember that windows is best protected by Virtualization or Anti-Virus products and Firewalls, not by security updates.

If you wish to use themes, you must first enable it.  On the Desktop, click on theme.bat

Do not turn off "file and printer sharing" firewall exception if you intend to do such an activity or your software uses the "computer browser" service.



Core Dependencies

Many apps, require a specific .net framework, flash player, java or visual c++ runtimes.  

          Downloading and installing .net frameworks AIO x86 via desktop shortcut is a MUST.  

          For games, you need to update directx via desktop web installer.



Malware Protection

Virtualization is best; Returnil Virtual System Pro and Deep Freeze are great products.

Basically when you restart your computer, all changes to your system are undone; infect me trojan for upon restart you are gone.

Anti-virus products are garbage in comparison, but still offer some protection.  I can easily make viruses to evade AVs.

The best free product is Avira Personal for Antivirus; highest pro-activate and manual scan detection rate of any free AV product.



Firewall Protection

          Firewalls have one purpose; to control the flow of information.

          An computer intrusion itself is merely used to acquire intel; how is your computer vulnerable?  Can I remotely install information stealing software?  Can I wardrive off your network?

                                                                                                who are you? How can I profit off the intrusion.  No profit or gain potential, next computer.

          A program seeking to relay a message over the internet is either a legitimate piece of software, or a trojan that recorded your keystrokes, took screenshots and wants to relay that

          information to its master.

          Windows Firewall only provides limited inbound or intrusion protection.  It provides no outbound protection, but it barely has any effect on the speed (latency) of the internet.

          Comodo Firewall provides the greatest inbound and outbound protection, but it can reduce browsing speed.  

          Zone Alarm Pro fails many outbound aptitude tests, and tends to be buggy.



Recommended Utilities

Install glary utilities and use all of their utitilies including 1-click maintenance and registry defrag.

Install beachbit.  Cleans windows best.  Make sure to Uncheck free disk space AND memory dump; bsod logs.

If using magnetic storage, defrag hard drive.

For backups, use EASEUS Todo Backup Home.  Note: All partitions must be NTFS or of FAT type.  So if you're duel booting linux look elsewhere.

Don't use internet explorer, use google chrome for browsing AND opening pdfs.

For video, use VLC.

Problem deleting files in use?  Install Unlocker.

For archiving use 7zip, Peazip, Universal Extractor.





Below you find in depth information about this release.  

I remove components and services either because they present no benefit, little benefit or a security benefit.

It's extremely rare to find an app that uses something I removed; so put your mind at ease.  Don't panic.



Removed Components (as of 0.91)



-XPlite (no longer beneficial; use add/remove windows component)

-Images and Backgrounds (no benefit, either you use a plain or downloaded background)

-Netmeeting (Old Software, use Team Viewer)

-Outlook Express (Old Software, install Windows Live Mail)

-Service Pack Messages (useless)

-Indexing Service (useless, was already disabled in previous release...now removed)





Removed Components (as of 0.90):



               Support for Multi-port Serial Adapters (nobody uses this nowdays)  

               Many UnnecessaryDrivers (space and slows XP install)

   File and Settings Wizard (useless, transfers too little settings 2B worthwhile)

               Korean/Japanese Languages   (huge thus removed)

               XP Help Files (useless, web is better)

               Out of Box Experience; (useless, past feature loss circumvented)

               Upgrade Functionality (clean install is best anyway)

               Program Compatibility Wizard (not needed)

               MSN Explorer (not important)

               .art image format (old)

   Intel Indeo Codecs (old)

   Luna Desktop theme (useless)

   Movie Maker (old)

   Music Samples (useless)

   FrontPage Extentions (useless)

               Old .net Framework Files (unused)

               Old Blaster removal tool          

   MS XML 2.0 (old)

   Search Assistant (useless)

               Tour (useless)

   Removed CD Directories: DOCS,SUPPORT,VALUEADD                              

                         

I know what your thinking; already this copy of XP feels too modded too different from retail, but no other microXP of this size emulates the retail copy better than this one.



Some services are removed via "startup.bat" in "$OEM$" either because they are relatively useless or for security reasons.

Should you be aware of an app that depends on a few you need to delete lines from script and replace it on iso with MagicISO, save, burn, install xp.



Removed Services and likelyhood some apps depend on it are:



 Network DDE Rare  

 Network DDE DSDM               Rare

 IPSEC Services                      Rare, removed because very few people use this

 Net Logon                              Rare, won't affect your internet; this isn't the dialup service

 Routing and Remote Access   Rare, removed for security reasons

 Shell Hardware Detection        Rare, won't affect hardware compatibility

 WMI Performance Adapter      Rare, monitoring service that eats up ressources



Network DDE is used to initiate and maintain the network connections needed for DDE conversations between applications running on different computers in a network. But even then DDE is rarely utilized. Network DDE is abondoned as of Vista.  Wireless file transfer doesn't depend on DDE.

Routing and Remote Access is disabled on XP Pro SP2 and up by default, therefore removed; BlackViper source.

Very very few apps should be affected by the removal of the above services, so few that it is safe to excluded them.





Built-in tweaks: Some were builtin using nlite, the rest are found in startxp.bat.  There are over a hundred tweaks between them.



Regarding IIS (install with Add/Remove Windows Component):



IIS which is Microsoft's version of Apache webserver is included, but I choose not to integrate the following updates for it:

KB953155

KB970483

KB2124261



Complaints, installation errors, bsod etc



If you experience installation errors or bsod, your copy of micro XP 0.91 is broken; follow the instructions and you should be set.

It does not come with post install.  I cannot design a post install that will suit everyone, furthermore even if that were possible the iso size would be massive.

That's completely against the goal of this project; yap you have to install software 1 by 1 unless you make or have your own AIO.

Note: I did provide a link to .net frameworks AIO which comes with a bunch of other software.  

Of course, Micro XP Pro comes with Internet Explorer and Windows Firewall.

Automatic Updates works.  MUI works.  Themes work once enabled.

Quick buttons on taskbar do not work; investigating.

Installation errors are extremely rare if you have a good copy.

The exception is malfunctioning hardware OR really old hardware manufactured before XP was released.

BSOD can be caused by malfunctioning hardware OR really old incompatible hardware, but most of the time it is caused by cheaply designed drivers.

If you get BSOD, ask yourself which hardware or software company gave me a crappy driver; you will be correct 99.9% if your copy of the driver and of windows are good, and your hardware is undamaged.

In other words, if you get BSOD it has nothing to do with this copy of XP; nothing.