Earl Scruggs & Friends
Earl Scruggs & Friends



Label: MCA
Released: 2001
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 324 MB
Format: FLAC




Earl Eugene Scruggs (born January 6, 1924) is a musician noted for perfecting and popularizing a 3-finger style (now called Scruggs style) on the 5-string banjo that is a defining characteristic of bluegrass music. Although other musicians had played in 3-finger style before him, Scruggs shot to prominence when he was hired by Bill Monroe to fill the banjo slot in the "Blue Grass Boys". Scruggs built on earlier styles to develop a truly new and readily identifiable style, involving: unprecedented smoothness, syncopation, and uninterrupted flow; a large vocabulary of unique and original licks; blues and jazz phrases, evident in backup and in solos such as "Foggy Mountain Special;" and an overall coherency and polish that other stylists lacked, which inspired imitation by newer generations of banjo pickers.


Scruggs was born in Shelby, North Carolina, to Georgia Lula Ruppe and George Elam Scruggs. Scruggs joined Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys in late 1945 and his syncopated, three-finger picking style quickly became a sensation. In 1948 Scruggs and guitarist Lester Flatt left Monroe's band and formed the Foggy Mountain Boys. In 1969, Flatt and Scruggs broke up and Scruggs started a new band, the Earl Scruggs Revue, featuring several of his sons.

On September 24, 1962 singer Jerry Scoggins, Flatt, and Scruggs recorded "The Ballad of Jed Clampett" for the TV show The Beverly Hillbillies which was released October 12, 1962. The theme song became an immediate country music hit and was played at the beginning and end of each episode. Flatt and Scruggs appeared in several episodes as family friends of the Clampetts in the following years. In their first appearance, season 1 episode 20, they portray themselves in the show and perform both the theme song and "Pearl Pearl Pearl".

Flatt and Scruggs won a Grammy Award in 1969 for Scruggs' instrumental "Foggy Mountain Breakdown". They were inducted together into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1985. In 1989, Scruggs was awarded a National Heritage Fellowship. He was an inaugural inductee into the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor in 1991. In 1992, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.

In 2002 Scruggs won a second Grammy award for the 2001 recording of "Foggy Mountain Breakdown", which featured artists such as Steve Martin on 2nd banjo solo (Martin played the banjo tune on his 1970s stand-up comic acts), Vince Gill and Albert Lee on electric guitar solos, Paul Shaffer on piano, Leon Russell on organ, and Marty Stuart on mandolin. The album, Earl Scruggs and Friends, also featured artists such as John Fogerty, Elton John, Sting, Johnny Cash, Don Henley, Travis Tritt, Steve Martin and Billy Bob Thornton. Earl Scruggs and Friends (MCA Nashville, 2001).

On February 13, 2003, Scruggs received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. That same year, he and Flatt were ranked #24 on CMT's 40 Greatest Men of Country Music.

Scruggs' wife and manager Louise Scruggs died on February 2, 2006 at the age of 78 at Nashville, Tennessee's Baptist Hospital following a lengthy illness.

On September 13, 2006, Scruggs was honored at Turner Field in Atlanta as part of the pre-game show for an Atlanta Braves home game. Organizers (Banjo.com) set a world record for the most banjo players (239) playing one tune together (Scruggs' "Foggy Mountain Breakdown").

On February 10, 2008, Scruggs was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards.





Track Listing & Personnel


1. Country Comfort - Earl Scruggs with Elton John

Written by Elton John, Bernie Taupin

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Elton John, vocal, piano - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - John Jorgenson, electric guitar - Jay Dee Maness, steel guitar - Dave Pomeroy, bass - Harry Stinson, drums - Harmony Vocals: Elton John and John Jorgenson - Harmony Choir: Earl Scruggs, Harry Stinson, Dave Pomeroy, Glen Duncan, Randy Scruggs

  
2. Borrowed Love - Earl Scruggs with Dwight Yoakam

Lyrics by Dwight Yoakam, Music by Dwight Yoakam, Earl Scruggs, Randy Scruggs

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Dwight Yoakam, vocal, acoustic guitar - Carl Jackson, harmony vocal - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - Jim Cox, synth dobro - Leland Sklar, bass - Michael Baird, drums

 
3. Ring of Fire - Earl Scruggs with Billy Bob Thornton

Written by June Carter, Merle Kilgore

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Billy Bob Thornton, vocal - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - Pat Buchanan, electric guitar - Reese Wynans, keyboards - Glenn Worf, bass - Harry Stinson, drums

 
4. True Love Never Dies - Earl Scruggs with Gary Scruggs and Travis Tritt

Written by Gary Scruggs and Kevin Welch

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Gary Scruggs, vocal - Travis Tritt, vocal - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - John Jorgenson, electric guitar - Pete Wasner, keyboards - Leland Sklar, bass - Greg Morrow, drums, percussion

  
5. The Angels - Earl Scruggs with Melissa Etheridge

Written by Melissa Etheridge

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Melissa Etheridge, vocal, 12 string acoustic guitar - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - John Jorgenson, electric guitar - Jim Cox, synth - Leland Sklar, bass - Kenny Aronoff, drums, percussion

 
6. Fill Her Up - Earl Scruggs with Sting

Written by Sting

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Sting, vocal, bass - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - John Jorgenson, electric guitar - Dan Dugmore, dobro - Kipper, synth - Reese Wynans, keyboards - Dave Pomeroy, bass - Harry Stinson, drums - Harmony Vocals: Sting, Trudie Sumner, Joe Sumner 

  
7. Foggy Mountain Breakdown - Earl Scruggs with Glen Duncan, Randy Scruggs, Steve Martin, Vince Gill, Marty Stuart, Gary Scruggs, Albert Lee, Paul Shaffer, Jerry Douglas, and Leon Russell

Written by Earl Scruggs

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Glen Duncan, fiddle - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Steve Martin, 2nd banjo solo - Vince Gill, 1st electric guitar solo - Marty Stuart, mandolin - Gary Scruggs, harmonica - Albert Lee, 2nd electric guitar solo - Paul Shaffer, piano - Jerry Douglas, dobro - Leon Russell, organ - Glenn Worf, bass - Harry Stinson, drums 

 
8. Somethin' Just Ain't Right - Earl Scruggs with Randy Scruggs

Written by Randy Scruggs

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Randy Scruggs, vocal, acoustic and electric guitars - Glen Duncan, fiddle, mandolin - Pat Buchanan, electric guitar - Reese Wynans, organ, Wurlitzer - David Hungate, bass - Harry Stinson, drums, harmony vocal

  
9. I Found Love - Earl Scruggs with Vince Gill and Rosanne Cash

Written by Randy Scruggs, Vince Gill, Earl Scruggs

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Vince Gill, vocal - Rosanne Cash, vocal - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - George Marinelli, electric guitar - Michael Omartian, piano, synth - Willie Weeks, bass - Harry Stinson, drums - Backround "Oohs": Harry Stinson, Dennis Wilson

 
10. Blue Ridge Mountain Blues - Earl Scruggs with John Fogerty

Traditional, Arranged by John Fogerty

Earl Scruggs, banjo - John Fogerty, vocal - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - Jerry Douglas, dobro - Glenn Worf, upright bass - Chad Cromwell, drums

 
11. Passin' Thru - Earl Scruggs with Don Henley and Johnny Cash

Written by John R. Cash, Randy Scruggs

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Don Henley, vocal - Johnny Cash, end vocal - Randy Scruggs, acoustic guitar - Glen Duncan, fiddle - John Jorgenson, electric guitar - Dan Dugmore, dobro - Reese Wynans, keyboards - Dave Pomeroy, bass - Harry Stinson, drums - Harmony Vocals: Ashley Cleveland, Harry Stinson

 
12. Foggy Mountain Rock/Foggy Mountain Special - Earl Scruggs with Marty Stuart 

Written by Louise Certain, Gladys Stacey, Burkett Graves/Written by Louise Certain, Gladys Stacey

Earl Scruggs, banjo - Marty Stuart, acoustic guitar 
