It was in October 1962 at a very elegant party in Stockholm that the idea of recording this LP was first disscussed. The Guests at the party were all from the realms of show business so it was not unnatural for one of them to be persuaded to sing. That person was the great Swedish jazz singer Monica Zetterlund. So warmly received were her efforts that had recording equipment been available there would have been enough material to have recorded many LPs, for, encouraged by the guests, Monica sang for no less than four hours!

This beautiful Swedish singer who was voted TV Personality of the Year in 1962 by a jury representing the Stockholm evening papers, was born in Hagfors. Her father, who ran a music shop there, played accordion and tenor sax in his own band, and when Monicas talent as a vocalist was discovered she joined this combo and soon attracted a big following throughout her native district of Varmland. This was not at all surprising when one realizes that she hero-worshipped Duke Ellington at the tender age of four and by the time she reached the ripe old age of ten she could be heard impersonating Ella Fitzgeralds exciting version of How High the Moon.

She was soon to spread her wings, however, and began her career as a full time professional in Copenhagen, where her stylish singing caused quite a stir. Back in Sweden news of her success reached the ears of famous band leader Arne Domnerus, who travelled to Denmark to hear for himself and then talked Monica into returning to her native country, where it was not long before she achieved national popularity.

In 1959 and 1960 Monica once again looked for fresh fields to conquer. She visited England for television and then went to the United States where she successfully appeared at Basin Street East in New York and the famous Mister Kellys in Chicago. Since then she has also acclaimed for her appearances in many Swedish revues and films.

In order to allow her singing complete freedom of musical expression on this album, it was decided not to use a large orchestra, but the swinging quartet of Bill McGuffie, augmented only occasionally by trumpet of Jimmy Deuchar and the bongos of Barry Morgan.

We are confident that to all lovers of cool modern jazz singing, the result will speak for themselves.  John Franz (original sleeve notes 1964)

- - -

Monica Zetterlund - Make mine Swedish style 1964
(Solna Universal 2001)

 1. Speak low. 
 2. The thrill is gone. 
 3. The more I see you. 
 4. He's my guy. 
 5. Detour ahead. 
 6. What's new. 
 7. Left alone. 
 8. Blue prelude. 
 9. The second time around. 
10. You've changed
