 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120866/  - Oscar nominated (Academy Awards)

1280 X 720p DivX HD at 2400k video bitrate along with powerful 128k audio

2hr 35 minutes 39 seconds program length

Included srt subtitles found include: 
Swedish, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, Hungarian, Norwegian, Portuguese,
Spanish along with an English subtitles template for any language subs
for which no suitable postings are to be found on the net. The movie
comes from 25fps source content however the French subs were labelled
from ntsc content and worked well - so who knows which subs out there
may yet match equally. 

Titus is about insane cruelty that man becomes capable of when his psyche
descends into the condition of "demonic witch" as a result of a cycle of 
violence that seems to have no end due to this insane condition which has
historically fed upon itself to destroy human stocks ino something else
on most counts certainly.

If you are one who enjoys horror movies I do hope you will see a Doctor
to put you out of your misery as there is no sanity involved in any such
exercise amongst those that remain capable of empathy and wish to remain
as such. A briliant University Professor named Dr. Don Carmichael Phd once
said in our class lecture: "What is man without empathy - but a beast!" 
Amen to that!

So this isn't exactly a horror movie as we want those banned
for reasons that are based on humanistic idealism and societal wellness.

It is instead close enough to the genre as we would ever want to
consider putting on for discussion as it does tell something of what
is the baser nature of man that comes to form in adverse circumstances 
that have yet to see an end to on this earth.

Graphic scenes of violence and cruelty - watch with due care and much 
caution along with lotsa brandy to dull the senses. Not for gals with a hug
that remains real yet and which they would well want to preserve - fer sure!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo






