CyberLink PowerDVD v 10.0 Build 2325.51 Lite

About the Application

Cyberlink PowerDVD Ultra - one of the most popular and high-quality software DVD-players. Its main advantages include high image quality, user-friendly interface with customizable skins and good adjustability. In addition to watching movies from the CD-ROM drive (DVD and Video CD), PowerDVD lets you play files formats supported by Windows MediaPlayer, and MPEG1 and MPEG2.

The program has all the typical hardware DVD-player digital functions.
image scaling, continuous playback of the selected scene, setting markers to quickly find the desired scene, fast, etc.

There is even a possibility, as a simultaneous subtitles in both languages. In that case, if the image is displayed not in widescreen, but on a simple TV set or computer monitor, a very handy feature would be the ability to convert widescreen movie to full screen image with a width to height ratio of 4:3 - disappear prevent black bars top and bottom of the screen. Provides full support for DirectX Video Acceleration, DTS (5.1 and ES 6.1), Dolby Digital EX 7.1, Dolby Pro Logic II, Dolby Headphone, SRS TruSurround XT and DirectSound3D. There are functions of frame capture file formats including BMP, repeat station records, adjust the display settings, remembering the moment stop and support for mouse scroll wheel.

CyberLink PowerDVD - one of the best of modern software players, which allows for interactive viewing a DVD-Video and Video CD on your computer. Its main advantages include high image quality, user-friendly interface with customizable skins and good adjustability. In addition to watching movies from the CD-ROM drive (DVD and Video CD), PowerDVD lets you play files formats supported by Windows Media Player, and MPEG1 and MPEG2. The program also has the functions of frame capture file formats including BMP, repeat station records, adjust the display settings, remembering when to stop, support for mouse scroll wheel, and many other features. With Movie Collection, you can create your own catalog your movie collection, holding reviews, personal notes, information on the cover of the film, as well as share these data with other users through the service MoovieLive.

Features:
High picture quality DVD movies
Support for HD DVD and Blu-ray formats
A large number of settings
Easy to use, well thought out and easy to use interface
Zoom image playback video
Continuous playback of the selected scene
Install markers to quickly find the desired scene
Remember when to stop viewing
Ability to simultaneously display subtitles in two languages
The ability to convert video format (16:9 or 4:3)
Capture frames of a movie in formats BMP, PNG, JPG and GIF
Use different surround modes
Playing the most HD video formats (MPEG-4 AVC (H.264), MPEG-2 HD, WMV-HD, and SMPTE VC-1)
New support for HDMI 1.3
Assessment of your films
And much more

PowerDVD 10 offers the following new features:
Technology TrueTheater improves picture quality from standard DVD discs to a level comparable to HD. It also enables stretching video without distortion, a smooth and increase the brightness of the image;
Cinema Mode allows you to view Blu-ray discs using Windows Media Center, and provides a conclusion navigation menu and information about the film on the external screen;
FancyView allows you to contribute to the library (Movie Collection) not only DVD discs, but also their sections. Moreover, this navigation tool supports not only the mouse and keyboard, but also remote controls and touch screens;
Movie Library invites users to enter information about the Blu-ray Disc and DVD, and synchronize it with the site moovielive.com;
Support high quality audio formats Dolby TrueHD and DTS HD Master Audio multi-channel 7.1 speaker systems, as well as compatibility with HDMI 1.3;
The ability to play Blu-ray discs, even on entry-level configurations.