

Encyclopedia of Analytical Chemistry: Applications, Theory, and Instrumentation, 15 Volume Set

Robert A. Meyers (Editor-in-Chief)




The highly acclaimed Encyclopedia of Analytical Chemistry provides a much needed 

professional level reference work for the 21st Century. Encyclopedia of Analytical 

Chemistry is the most comprehensive analytical chemistry reference available, 

covering all aspects from theory and instrumentation through applications and 

techniques.



The chemistry and techniques are described as performed in the laboratory 

(environmental, clinical, QC, research, university), in the field or by remote 

sensing. The level of detail is similar to that of a lab protocol and together with 

the cited references, will support the analysis of complex inorganic, organic and 

biological structures by academic and industrial researchers. Encyclopedia of 

Analytical Chemistry also enables preparation of procedures, protocols and 

"cookbooks" by managers and staff of laboratories.




Table of Contents:



APPLICATIONS OF INSTRUMENTAL METHODS.


Biomedical Spectroscopy.

Biomolecules Analysis.

Carbohydrate Analysis.

Chemical Weapons Chemicals Analysis.

Clinical Chemistry.

Coatings.

Environment: Trace Gas Monitoring.

Environment: Water and Waste.

Field Portable and Transportable Air and Vapor Measurement.

Food.

Forensic Science.

Industrial Hygiene.

Nucleic Acids Structure and Mapping.

Particle Size Analysis.

Peptides and Proteins.

Pesticides.

Petroleum and Liquid Fossil Fuels Analysis.

Pharmaceuticals and Drugs.

Polymers and Rubbers.

Process Instrumental Methods.

Pulp and Paper.

Remote Sensing.

Steel and Related Materials.

Surfaces.



THEORY AND INSTRUMENTATION.


Atomic Spectroscopy.

Chemometrics.

Electroanalytical Methods.

Electronic Absorption and Luminescence Spectroscopy.

Gas Chromatography.

Infrared Spectroscopy.

Kinetic Determinations.

Liquid Chromatography.

Mass Spectrometry.

Nuclear Magnetic Resonance and Electron Spin Resonance Spectroscopy.

Nuclear Methods.

Radiochemical Methods.

Raman Spectroscopy.

Thermal Analysis.

X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy and Auger Electron Spectroscopy.

X-ray Spectrometry.



GENERAL ARTICLES.


Analytical Problem Solving- Selection of Analytical Methods.

Archaeological Chemical Analysis.

Gravimetry

Karl Fischer Moisture Determination.

Literature Searching Methodology.

Microwave Techniques

Multivariate and Hyperspectral Image Analysis.

Quality Assurance in Analytical Chemistry.

Quantitative Spectroscopic Calibration.

Spot Test Analysis

Titrimetry

Traceability in Analytical Chemistry.

Ultrafast Laser Technology and Spectroscopy.