links to download eset   http://www.eset.com/beta < BETA >  http://www.eset.com/home/ < REGULAR >



 Eset for mac
 A new build has been released for ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 for Mac. Build 4.0.12 includes repairs to known issues that have been found in recent months, as well as improved features and functionality. 

 Key new features include:
 Fixed GUI failure that had occurred in some cases during configuration imports
 System font warnings no longer display
 Added advanced “About” window and “Splash” screen
 Added information windows about detected and cleaned infiltrations
 Support for selection of multiple items from lists 

 For more information about ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 for Mac, visit our ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 for Mac Beta website.

 For more information or to participate in the beta test programs, visit our beta test portal.
 Product/Beta Release
 Here are some introduction:
 No personal computer exists in a vacuum. As elegantly designed as Macs are, a connected world means that their popularity attracts the attention of malware writers and virus engineers. Not only can malware and other threats attack the Mac OS X platform directly, but Macs can also serve as a carrier of Windows or Linux-based threats. Network shares, email and removable media like USB keys are easy ways easy ways for multiplatform malware to spread under the radar.

 The Mac’s meteoric rise in popularity makes the Mac OS X platform more likely to be a target for cybercriminals looking to profit from the perception that Macs are invulnerable to from viruses, worms, trojans and other threats. ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 for Mac OS X brings to the Mac world protection that Windows users have trusted in and depended on: the smart proactive detection and small footprint of our ThreatSense® technology. ESET NOD32 Antivirus 4 will keep you and your network safe from emerging Mac OS X and cross-platform threats without system slowdowns. Advanced heuristic technology recognizes and nullifies novel threats while other AV solutions are still waiting hours or days for signature updates.