From the band's website:

THE LIVE DVD TO END THEM ALL 
- Five hour hammer feast!

For years, our fans have been asking for live versions of our songs. After several years in the making, our answer is ready, behold Haudasta lomilla ("On vacation from the grave"), the live DVD to end them all! This high quality release has hours of live footage from various gigs in Finland and abroad, topped off with plenty of goodies like our legendary music videos, short films and documentaries - a five hour hammer feast! 

Live footage spans the band's history almost seven years and totals almost four hours. Starting from our legendary performance at Helsinki Festival in 2003 all the way to recent energetic club fiesta at Dubrovnik, Helsinki on New Year's Eve 2009, where we also performed most of the songs from the latest album Huuro Kolkko. 

Additionally, there are concert hall performances, festivals and club gigs from Finland, Japan, Mexico and Denmark. The variety of venues portraits the band's uncanny ability to change the mood of the songs to fit the feel of the audience. In concert halls, we are quiet as a dead man's whisper, but blasting away with raw energy just after. Clubs gigs see people dancing polka in odd time signatures and festival gigs combine all that in multi-energetic soup that will only end up in total world music disorder. 

Be prepared to find interesting versions of our songs, many of them evolved into whole new directions, blending threatre and music into visual experience studio albums cannot offer. You'll also get blown away by rare instruments like tubax, contra bass clarinet, bass sax and even theremin, all blended seamlessly into our live orchestrations. The sound is always raw, in-your-face and intentionally unpolished, just like live music was always meant to be. 

To complement the impressive set of live songs, we have gathered our past music videos under a separate section. Here you can find the legendary "Helsinki-Istanbul" 8mm b&w flick Kebab tai henki!, the whole Violence Trilogy shot in Prague, Siltojen alla shot in Arctic Sea far up Norway and a new one, never before seen Eläimet huutaa (intro) from the album Maahan, also an 8mm b&w shortie, shot in China. 

In addition to all this, the DVD contains a lot of interesting extras. One of the most interesting is the 28-minute puppet animation Elukka ("Animal"), for which the band did the soundtrack for in 2005 and which consequently won the award for best music in French film festival Premiers Plans in 2005. This is your chance to enjoy the whole film and our music in it, truly a magnificent, darkly humorous lycanthropic experience! 

And it won't stop here - you might be interested in finding out how the band works behind the scenes. 15 minute document from Tuscany, Italy, where the band gathered up to record the album Huuro Kolkko in the autumn of 2008, will reveal some of our secrets - like how to build a fully working sauna on the hill using only modest local supplies and Finnish imagination! 

The same trip produced also a horror movie with a homage to best Italian horror cinema - a carnivorous zombie shortie called Il Carne Bellissimo, starred by the band members themselves. The extra section is concluded by our encounter with extra-terrestial forces in Puebla, Mexico in 2009. Only the huge sombreros saved the band form burning up during an alien invasion attempt beside the the old pyramid!

This DVD is the most comprehensive collection you can find about Alamaailman Vasarat. All your favourite songs presented in their rawest form, timeless music videos and quality extras - a huge package, true collection item and 
a perfect companion to our studio releases!