Wondershare DemoCreator - straightforward screen recording software to create flash-based screen movies used for software trainings, presentations, demonstrations, and screen activity logs instead of boring reading material. It not only records mouse movements, keystrokes along with the screenshots, but also provides sound recording and comprehensive editing capability to enhance the final output.

Screen recorder DemoCreator is a powerful yet simple screen recording software program for Windows which allows you to capture desktop activities and create a voice-over presentation with Flash animation effect without any programming skill.

Three steps to create professional video demos

Record simply – Capture onscreen movements of your cursor and keystroke to create Flash/video tutorials and demos.

Edit powerfully – Make good use of the editing features to create effective and interactive demos with notes and audio.

Share flexibly – Publish as small-sized Flash movie or video of popular formats for widespread distribution.

Flexible Recording Settings
Record any area of your desktop: Application, Custom size, and Full screen
Record your screen in your way: Take screen shot recording, Full motion recording, Pause and resume your recording process, Capture more movie clips to your current project, integrate multiple DemoCreator projects into one
Recording Control Panel: Real time control of your recording process with control panel or hotkeys: countdown, pause, redo and stop
Highlight your operating actions: Record the screen activities with auto-text
Rich Illustration Objects
Rich and simple authoring annotation and animation objects to illustrate and enhance your presentation. With them, you may:
Add callouts or notes with additional explanatory text to demos.
Build interactive demo with buttons, entries or animation.
Use zoom-and-pan technology for specific details
Insert company logo or trademark for branding.
Instant preview to check your recorded or edited content.
Separate Audio Recording

Record sound from any audio equipment including microphone, sound card and external sound devices. The build-in Audio Editor makes it easy to record, import, modify sound and synchronize audio with video.
On-demand Delivery Options
DemoCreator creates Flash-based or Video demos and offers a wide range of publish options from online to offline.
Publish as Flash-based demos for Web sharing
Save as video (up to 7 video formats: AVI, MOV, MP4, WMV, MPEG-2, FLV, 3GP) to video host like YouTube
Export as auto-run EXE for easy distribution
Generate SCORM/AICC package for LMS
Publish as E-mail Zip attachment

What's New Version 3.5
1. Brand-new recording settings
The recording setting process has been completely redesigned, now you can do the settings easily to select recording area, recording mode and audio recording.
2. More editing objects
There are more classified editing objects such as spotlight, blur, highlight, etc. to decorate your demo. Make good of these objects and you can create engaging demo movies.
3. Animation for objects
Animation and transition effects can be applied to the editing object and images, making you demo more vivid and dynamic.
4.Import images to project
Multiple images can be imported to the demo, one picture one slide.
5. Optimized zoom settings
Zoom in and zoom out effects are separated. By setting the zoom in effect to the selected video clips, you can view the demo movie in small player clearly.
6. Flash animation library
Flash animations in the library have been optimized.
7. Clip art
Built-in clip art images are available to be inserted to your demo movie.
8. Action on objects
Action can be added to many objects like callouts and shapes.
9. Audio editor
Some video and audio unsync problems have been modified.

OS: Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7 with Microsoft DirectX latest version

Tested And Working

Enjoy