 Description
                       




POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 03 - Secret Societies - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings







POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 03 - Secret Societies - Secret Mysteries - Eye Of The Phoenix




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director: Which God are They talking about when you see In God We Trust on our Money. It is not the Same one that we KICKED OUT THE CLASSROOM IN 1963. America was founded by Luciferians who put their "MARK" everywhere in Washington DC. The 1776 on our Great Seal on the Dollar Bill is for the Founding of The Colombian Faction of The Illuminati. Hence The District of Columbia, Columbia University, Columbia Broadcasting system and The Country of Columbia.....Pyramids and eyeballs are the symbols of The Wanna-be God Lucifer not Jesus that died on The Cross for us. This is Lucifers country. Wake up my fellow humans!!!


Discription - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginning - Eye Of The Phoenix

Secret Mysteries Of America's Beginnings - Vol 3 - Eye Of The Phoenix, Secrets of the Dollar Bill:

“Eye of the Phoenix” documents the bizarre history of the design of the dollar bill, exposing the occult activity surrounding the FDR administration. There is perhaps no other period in U.S. history when so many people were so deeply involved in the occult, and held positions of power that reached all the way to the White House. Phoenix focuses specifically on the years prior to World War II leading up to 1935, when the Great Seal was taken out of obscurity and placed on the foundation of America's currency. According to official records from the State Department, FDR and his Secretary of Agriculture, Henry Wallace, specifically chose to use the Great Seal because, as Freemasons, they believed the “Novus Ordo Seclorum” (which they equated with the New Deal) could only be fulfilled under “the eye” of the Great Architect of the Universe (the god of Masonry). Two heavily influential occultists during the FDR era were Manly P. Hall and a Russian mystic named Nicholas Roerich. Manly Hall's writings influenced Freemasonic presidents FDR and Harry S. Truman.

It is even said that Hall was responsible for the number of stones on the pyramid of the Great Seal, and for the identification of the eagle as a phoenix. Meanwhile, Nicholas Roerich was an international figure and Theosophist. His quest for Shambhala and the Stone of Destiny (symbols of the New World Order) captivated Henry Wallace. According to a variety of sources, it was Roerich's influence over Wallace (and ultimately FDR) that led to the placement of the Great Seal on America's currency. As American Heritage writes: “The State Department grew very nervous about Roerich, but he had influence in the Oval Office.” Some Christian leaders continue to downplay the occult nature of the dollar bill; but once you understand the beliefs and influence of Roerich, Wallace and Manly Hall, you will clearly recognize the Luciferian nature of its design. Also discussed in this documentary are: the Bohemian Grove, the Illuminati past and present, Theosophical Society, Benjamin Creme and the Maitreya (i.e. Antichrist); along with a prediction for how the dollar will be used to establish the New World Order.

This high quality History Channel type documentary proves the following points about the two Seals on the back of the One Dollar Bill with clarity and precision: 1) The two Seals are Egyptian and Luciferian 2) The two Seals were introduced by Freemasons, in 1782 3) Masonic President Franklin Roosevelt, aided by his Secretary of Agriculture/Vice President Wallace, ordered these Seals to be placed on the back of the Dollar Bill in 1935, having been urged on and advised by the Russian channeler/mystic, Nicolas Roerach.

170 minutes long




This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS








 


  