File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:41

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1559 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.23 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles and is the Animated video.


"Gomenasai", (Correctly Romanized as Gomen nasai; Japanese: ごめんなさい; Translated: "I'm sorry"), is a ballad by t.A.T.u.. It is their third single from their second English album, Dangerous and Moving. There were two different videos produced for this single: animated and live action. t.A.T.u. stated that they did not want this song to become a single, but their record company chose it for them. Music and lyrics by Martin Kierszenbaum. Cover photo taken by Bryan Adams.

Animated video

The place holder video of "Gomenasai", in the form of Japanese anime, was released late February 2006 and early March 2006 in some countries. The video starts with Yulia lying in her room, thinking about Lena, but unbeknownst to her, she was being carefully watched by a small robot. Yulia watches as Lena is being taken away by a larger robot. Yulia then changes her clothes and equips herself with weapons, then goes to start her car. While Yulia is driving the car, she finds out she is being trailed by robots. One of the robots shoots her car with a heat seeking missile, causing Yulia to lose control of her car and causing it to flip over, Yulia manages to escape and kill the robots by making her car explode by pushing a button on her waist. Meanwhile Lena is trapped in prison by an enemy. Yulia breaks inside the enemy's fort and defeats them. The video is available through iTunes in some European countries and the United States. The music video was available in New Zealand on itunes, however; for unknown reasons, the video was later taken off itunes.

Samples of "Gomenasai" were used for the song "Happy Birthday" by rap group Flipsyde. It uses the lyrics "What I thought was a dream... was as real as it seemed" from Lena and "I made a mistake" from Yulia, and also the piano intro. t.A.T.u. have accompanied Flipsyde while promoting Flipsyde's single and have performed together on Top of the Pops, TRL and The Dome in Germany, though t.A.T.u. did not make an appearance in Flipsyde's "Happy Birthday" music video.

Also a Spanish rap singer, Porta, use samples of "Gomenasai" for the song "Mi Rosa Negra".

Dangerous and Moving is the second English-language album by t.A.T.u. The album was first released on October 5, 2005 in Japan then on October 10 in the UK, October 11 in North America, and in Europe & Latin America on October 14.

Production on Dangerous and Moving spanned out from Los Angeles, to London, and Moscow. There are two notable recording sessions with the record's producer, Sergio Galoyan. The first was August 4 - August 20, 2004 a recording session in Moscow with just Lena that produced songs like "Cosmos", "Sacrifice" (one demo ft. Claire Guy) and demos "All My Love", "I Know", "One Love" and "You". The second recording session was from January 17 - April 18, 2005 in Los Angeles with "Sacrifice", "Perfect Enemy" and the demo of "We Shout" titled "Reach Out".

Other demo versions of the songs are available online, such as: "All About Us (performed by the Veronicas)", "Sacrifice (with both Yulia and Lena)", "Perfect Enemy (which is very different and recorded by Claire Guy)" and "Obez'yanka Nol'".

Although Sting, Dave Stewart, Richard Carpenter and The Veronicas did work on the album, they did not actually meet the girls for production. Sergio Galoyan became a liaison for the production. Although, Richard Carpenter did meet the girls after the recording of the album at their video shoot for the single Friend or Foe. On the booklet, the album was recorded at 8 different recording studios. The cover album photography and design was made by their own music group TA Music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
