Bee Gees - Night Fever [promo].VOB


Very HQ very rare movie soundtrack promo music video. "Night Fever" is a disco song, written and performed by The Bee Gees. It first appeared on the soundtrack to Saturday Night Fever. Producer Robert Stigwood wanted to call the film Saturday Night, but singer Robin Gibb expressed hesitation at the title. Stigwood liked the title Night Fever but was wary of marketing a movie with that name. He combined the two suggestions and the idea for Saturday Night Fever as a motion picture was born.

This rare music video was made for the song in 1978, however it wasn't shown to the public until 2004 despite the fact the video didn't contain any uncensored content. It features the brothers singing the song in a dark studio cut with images from the Las Vegas, Nevada streets (based on the interspersed shots of the Golden Nugget, Castaways and Desert Inn casinos.) An interesting note, in the video Barry Gibb was shown without his trademark beard.

"Night Fever" remained the number one Billboard Hot 100 single for over two months in 1978. It also replaced Andy Gibb's "Love Is Thicker Than Water" at number one, and was in turn replaced by Yvonne Elliman's "If I Can't Have You" - all of which were written and produced by the Gibb brothers.

After the success of "Night Fever," the Governor of Florida, Reubin O'Donovan Askew, made the three men "honorary citizens" of the state, due to the amount of time they spent each year recording singles in Miami.

In addition to Saturday Night Fever, the song has also appeared in the movie and on the soundtrack for Mystery Men.

The song lists at #33 on Billboard's All Time Top 100.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_Fever 
      
http://bayimg.com/oaDJEAadN 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 6000kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 2304kbps [DVD LPCM, 24 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:30




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
