
The Jim Bohannon Show 14-Oct-11 CF mp3 32K
Commercial Free

Friday, October 14, 2011
On The Jim Bohannon Show...

Entitlement reform: it's pretty well agreed that we will not solve our economic problems without some sort of significant change to entitlement programs. But as with many other issues, there is no agreement on exactly what should be done. Republicans point to some sort of privatization of Social Security and a restructuring of Medicare into an elaborate voucher system. Democrats are vehemently against these ideas and want to preserve the programs as they are, counting on things like the President's controversial health care law to help cut costs. Medicare and Social Security are big issues on the Presidential campaign trail because the American population is aging and those older citizens are also the ones most likely to go to the polls (versus their younger counterparts), but those issues haven't yet become a major feature of the candidates' debates, mainly because of the focus on jobs and the rest of the faltering economy. Where do the G.O.P. candidates stand on issues of the greatest concern to older Americans and what can we expect to hear from those candidates about those issues in future debates? We'll discuss that this evening with Dan Weber, president of the Association of Mature American Citizens.

The trial of the so-called underwear bomber came to a very abrupt end earlier this week when the accused man plead guilty in court. He claimed that while he was guilty by American law, he was innocent under Islamic law. Happily, this held no sway with the judge, but it does point out a potential problem already plaguing the governments of many of our western European allies: the conflict between impartial, national legal systems and Islamic law, known as shari'a. So far, European governments haven't been able to handle this conflict. Would our legal system fare any better? The American justice system, for all its faults both real and perceived, works very well. How do we prevent shari'a law, which is inimical to all tenets of American justice, from creeping in? We're joined tonight by William Murray, chairman of the Religious Freedom Coalition, who will talk to us about an important conference taking place on November 11 in Nashville, TN, on shari'a and the Islamization of America (details at www.ShariaFreeUSA.org), as well as case studies that are showing that shari'a law is coming closer to the U.S. than many of us may realize.