Adobe Audition (formerly Cool Edit Pro) is a digital audio workstation from Adobe Systems featuring both a multitrack, non-destructive mix/edit environment and a destructive-approach waveform editing view.

DATA: Company: Adobe Platform: Windows Language: Multi, includes Spanish Sort: Edition of Audio REQUIREMENTS: Processor Intel® Pentium® 4 or AMD Athlon® 64 (recommends Intel Core? 2 Pair or AMD Phenom® II) Microsoft® Windows® XP with Service Pack 3; Windows Vista® Home Premium, Business, Ultimate or Enterprise; or Windows 7 1 GB of ram; 2 GB for reproduction of HDV and HD 2 GB of space available in the hard disk for the installation; additional free space is needed during the installation (it is not possible to be installed in extraíbles storage devices memory based flash) Resolution of 1280 xs 800 with compatible graphical card with OpenGL 2.0 Card of compatible sound with protocol ASIO or Microsoft WDM/MME Unit of DVD-ROM Software QuickTime 7.6.2 for functions of QuickTime Connection to broadband Internet for the services is required in line and to validate the subscription to the edition (if it corresponds) of way continuada.* [: exc:] SYNOPSIS: The software Adobe® Audition® CS5.5 provides the professional tools that needs to equip with the best sound its productions audio video and. It manages of effective form an ample range of tasks of production of audio, including the recording, mixes and restoration of sound. [: exc:] ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Native compatibility with Mac It records, it mixes, it publishes and masterice the audio one with a powerful set of tools of audio multiplatform: Adobe Audition CS5.5 natively works in Mac OS X v10.5 and v10.6, as well as in Windows®. Bidirectional edition with Premiere Adobe Pro It improves the audio one for video easily. It moves clips individual and mixtures multitrack of Premiere® Adobe Pro to Audition Adobe to publish them, or sends sequences of Premiere Adobe Pro with a video of reference to Audition Adobe to create complete sound tracks. Interchange of projects with other applications of edition nonlinear and workstations of audio digitalis It moves sessions easily enters Audition Adobe and the tools of Avid Pro Tools by means of the integrated functions of import and export of OMF of Audition Adobe. It shares archives with other applications of edition nonlinear through XML interchange. Multi-channel native compatibility 5.1 It publishes archives multi-channel and it mixes his projects in surrounding sound 5,1. Adobe Audition CS5.5 includes Panoramic a surrounding one in the Mixer view, as well as a new effect of surrounding reverberation, and Amplification, a processor of multi-channel gain. Multi-channel native compatibility 5.1 It publishes archives multi-channel and it mixes his projects in surrounding sound 5,1. Adobe Audition CS5.5 includes Panoramic a surrounding one in the Mixer view, as well as a new effect of surrounding reverberation, and Amplification, a processor of multi-channel gain. Improvements in the job stream of effects It publishes and it reproduces audio while it simultaneously fits the configuration for several effects in the new frames of effects non-modal. It experiments with the different adjustments from effects while it realises selections or editions in the waveform Publisher. Content free of costs by rights of author in Central Resource The new Central Resource panel of Audition uses to accede to thousands of effects of sound, curls and exentos musical bottoms of costs by author rights, who will be able to drag & to drop directly in his creative projects. Drag & drops directly in its projects. Native compatibility with effects of audio It increases the yield thanks to the native compatibility with effects of audio. Between the effects that introduce Adobe Audition CS5.5 DeHummer (it eliminates the doubt sounds), DeEsser (it eliminates the seseos), the leveller of the volume of voice and the surrounding reverberation are included to work with projects of surrounding sound 5,1. Panel of simplified metadatos XMP He visualizes and he publishes metadatos XMP by means of a simplified interface. The compatibility with metadatos XMP includes the scheme Broadcast WAV (BWF), which makes the job streams possible automated of Adobe Creative Suite® Production Premium and other production systems of radio and television. Archives of session XML with automatic storage It keeps his sessions in the format XML, that is effective, flexible and nondestructive. It undoes the changes nonwished in the new Historial panel. Amount sessions of Adobe Audition 3 and, next, guárdelas like XML. Powerful effects DSP It improves the audio one with the professional effects and takes advantage of the powerful compatibility with VST and Audio Unit de Mac. It corrects the productions of audio poor men, designs sonorous landscapes, it creates atmosphere and it causes that its sound track corresponds with the high quality of its images. Historial panel He publishes, he organizes and he mixes with the security from which he can return to the previous states with the new Historial panel.