A Course in Miracles (ACIM) is a self-study curriculum that aims to assist its readers in achieving spiritual transformation. The book describes a non-dualistic philosophy of forgiveness and includes what are meant to be practical lessons and applications for the practice of forgiveness in one's daily life. The introduction to the book contains the following summary, "Nothing real can be threatened. Nothing unreal exists. Herein lies the peace of God." Read online:



I understand that there are only two testaments in the Bible, the Old and the New. Where did a Third Testament come from? Certainly, the Bible, as we know it in the present time only contains two Testaments, the Old and the New, but just as it happened before the arrival of Jesus Christ -when there only existed what we now know as the Old Testament, the first of the legacy of the Lord- as the divine inspiration followed through Jesus himself and His apostles, the new revelations became the second legacy of the Lord , which we now know as the New Testament. If we keep in mind that God is eternal, eternal also is His word and in this time of tribulation, is only natural that more divine revelations were to reach us. And the source of The Third Testament is the same as the other two: God’s inspiration. Read online:



This Is My Word, Alpha and Omega: The Gospel of Jesus. A Christ-Revelation which true Christians the world over have come to know. This encompassing Christ-Revelation goes way beyond the contents of the Bible. This great work gives us a total picture of what was, of what is - and of what will be. Building on the “Gospel of the Holy Twelve,” an already existing gospel text outside of the Bible, Christ, Himself, reveals details of His incarnation in Jesus of Nazareth. He also show us how we can live in today’s time according to the laws of God, the Ten Commandments and the Sermon on the Mount, and He gives us a preview of the future, in His Kingdom of Peace on Earth. This fresh off the press 4th edition also contains a short autobiography of Gabriele, which includes a charcoal drawing of herself. Read online:



The Urantia Book (sometimes called the Urantia Papers or The Fifth Epochal Revelation) is a spiritual and philosophical book that discusses God, Jesus, science, cosmology, religion, history, and destiny. It originated in Chicago, Illinois, sometime between 1924 and 1955. Its authorship remains a matter of speculation. The authors introduce the word "Urantia" as the name of the planet Earth and state that their intent is to "present enlarged concepts and advanced truth" in an "endeavor to expand cosmic consciousness and enhance spiritual perception." Among other topics, the book expounds on the origin and meaning of life, humankind's place in the universe, the relationship between God and people, and the life of Jesus. Read online:

