Downloader Instructions

The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
[font=calibri][/font]
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 35 - The Finger of God





POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 35 - The Finger of God


POtHS Says: This movie/docufilm is POWERFULLY Magnificent. The American Church Needs to WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP for The Sake of Jesus. Miracles from Jesus Abound in The World but The American Mass Media refuses to speak The Truth of The Holy Spirit.

This is a must see film that Includes 5 DVD's Total. Download this Bundle and See the Miracles of Jesus recorded on Film. Believe it or not, IT IS TRUE.                

About The Film


Finger of God began as a short film about God's miraculous power. I had no budget, no script, and no idea what this movie was ultimately going to look like. I teach storytelling and film at a University in Chicago, and here I was breaking all of my own rules.

But that's where I found myself, and I quickly discovered that God is an incredible film producer. He funded the whole film (I never had to ask for money), took me around the world, and introduced me to some truly incredible people.

So what is the film about? Well, now that it's finished, I can finally answer that question. On the surface it is about the miraculous. I originally thought I was making a film that simply tried to capture miracles on tape. But as the story progressed, things began to change.

At its core, it is about the heart of God. It's about how He views us, and how He is desperate for a relationship with us. Along the way, He places his finger on our lives, touches us deeply, heals us, shows His creativity, and generally surprises us with every move He makes.

The film's international cast includes a wide variety of people, ministries, and personalities. But just to whet your appetite, here is a partial list of some of the things you will see and hear about in this film:
Manna in the Pentagon
African children who perform miracles every day
Incredibly rare footage of the Chinese underground church
Eastern European Gypsies radically changed by God's power
Amazing stories of the miraculous
Hundreds raised from the dead
Gemstones appearing out of thin air
Saddaam Hussein's old palace is now a church
And much, much more.


About The Director
The first thing people wonder when they hear about a film like this is usually, "Who made it, and what's his angle?" Well, my name is Darren Wilson, and Finger of God is my directorial debut. I teach Writing and Media at Judson University, which is about 30 miles west of Chicago. I have a lovely wife, Jenell, and three wonderful children, Serenity, Stryder, and River. I have an MFA in Screenwriting from Regent University, in Virginia Beach, Virginia.

So that's me. But what about my angle? It can probably be summed up in one word. Accidental. I never intended to make this movie. To be honest, I originally didn't even want to make this movie. I had no money, I had never made a feature film before, and I didn't know anyone I needed to know. But God has a way of getting what He wants.

So I began stumbling through the process of making a movie. It began as a short film, then turned into a long film. I began to meet more and more people, began to receive more and more money from friends and family, and before long, I find myself in Istanbul, filming Heidi Baker and a Turkish Muslim trying to have a conversation, and I can't help but chuckle at God's sense of humor - as well as His sense of purpose.

Every artist has an agenda. Mine is simple. Document what God is doing in the world today, prove that He is alive and relevant, and don't bog Him down with my own preconceived ideas of how He should go about being God.


Coming Soon.....My Last Conspiracy Fact

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved - Jesus Lives



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved - Jesus Lives
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                              End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                              Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                    Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                  Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                  Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                            Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                         Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod        Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
           (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    

   
         