Monarchy (BBC Docu) Typical Episode Notes


Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1588kbps 
Duration.............: 49:25.560
Resolution...........: 848*478 
Framerate............: 25.000 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 384 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 735,038,816 
SUBTITLES............: English
 
http://bayimg.com/FAiECaaDI
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0431550/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monarchy_(TV_series)


Monarchy is a Channel 4 British TV series, 2004-2006, by British academic David Starkey, charting the political and ideological history of the English monarchy (later British) from the Saxon period to modern times. The show also aired on PBS stations throughout the United States, courtesy of PBS-member station WNET. In Australia, all four seasons were broadcast on ABC1 from May, 2005 onwards.

***NOTE*** - These were taken from PAL .Vob files on TheBox dot bz. It doesnt appear to be available in NTSC. Nobody at TheBox seems to have uploaded the final episode - THE HOUSE OF WINDSOR. Therefore, I have download a similar documentary with the same name that covers that era, and included it in this torrent. The info is good, but it technically isnt the final episode. Sorry about that. Thanks to the OPs. Ripped with DVDFab to the highest resolution possible.


Series 1

1. A Nation State: Dark Ages how Alfred the Great stood against the Viking invasion, which led to the creation of England.
2. Ængla Land: The rise of the Anglo-saxons, the wars against the Vikings and the victory over King Harold by the Norman Duke William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings.
3. Conquest: Following the Battle of Hastings and subsequent Norman Conquest. This covers a tumultuous time in English history, which saw murders and eventually, civil war.
4. Dynasty: The time of Henry II of England, and his conflict with the Archbishop of Canterbury, Thomas Becket.
5. A United Kingdom: The reigns of three Edwards: Edward I, and his attempt at a United Kingdom, how his son Edward II almost lost it all, but restored by Edward III, grandson of Edward I.
6. Death of a Dynasty: Follows the reigns made famous by Shakespeare; Richard II, Henry IV, Henry V and Henry VI. A time of civil unrest and doubt in monarchy itself.

Series 2

1. The Crown Imperial: 1450s and The Wars of the Roses, the birth of the Tudors.
2. King and Emperor: The reign of Henry VIII, his divorces and resulting dissociation with Rome, which led to the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
3. The Shadow of the King: Following the death of Henry VIII and the Act of Succession of 1543, which allowed all three of his children to rule. Edward VI, Mary I and Elizabeth I.
4. The Stuart Succession: With the defeat of the Spanish Armada, the English royalty was at its zenith. Scotland and England became united under the Stuart King James I (VI of Scotland), but his son Charles I within a generation would 

throw the country into civil war.
5. Cromwell The King Killer: 1644, the English Civil War was at its height and monarchy - indisputable before the war - was under threat.

Series 3

1. The Return of the King: Starting in 1660 with the return from exile of King Charles II. By aligning his throne with Catholic France and Protestant Parliament, Charless reign restored the authority of the English crown and laid the 

foundation of the worlds first modern state.
2. The Glorious Revolution: Looking at the "Bloodless Revolution" of 1688, the Parliament-devised plot to overthrow Englands last Roman Catholic King, James II, and replace him with his Dutch Protestant son-in-law William of Orange.
3. Rule Britannia: In just 25 years after the Glorious Revolution of 1688, England was transformed from an insignificant minor state to become part of the greatest power in Europe: Great Britain.
4. Empire: In 1714, an obscure German Prince was crowned King George I of Great Britain, signalling the beginning of a new political era that saw the rise of the new role of Prime Minister, and established the pattern of political 

modernity we are familiar with today.
5. Survival: When, in 1789, the Bastille prison in Paris was stormed and the French Revolution began, few in Britain - least of all King George III, who was recovering from one of his bouts of madness - thought that it would lead to a 

cataclysmic war with France.

Series 4

1. The House of Windsor: Death of Queen Victoria, to present day. Speculation on the path of King Charles III or King George VII. This single extended episode completes the series. THIS EPISODE IS MISSING


REPLACEMENT SERIES

The House of Windsor: A Royal Dynasty - George V, Edward VIII, George VI and Elizabeth II
 
http://www.suite101.com/content/the-house-of-windsor-a-royal-dynasty-a94476


Britain’s Royal family are still relevant today, as they were nearly a century ago, in this new three-part series. The Windsor monarchs, with the exception of Edward VIII, put service and duty towards their country and the Commonwealth 

before their own personal interests.

The House of Windsor: A Royal Dynasty chronicles the Royal Family’s lives from the late Victorian era to the present day. They, like their subjects, have celebrated the good times and shared sorrows against major events during the past 

ninety years. Archival footage includes rare coloured film of George V’s Silver Jubilee, George VI’s coronation and a Royal Tour of Canada.

Their story began when George V changed the family name of three generations – the German-sounding Saxe-Coburg-Gotha – to the very English Windsor during World War I’s darkest days.

The film also recalls how George V embraced the power of radio to reach out to all his subjects in Britain and abroad. Millions heard his speech on Empire Day. Edward VIII explains why he abdicated in a radio broadcast in December 1936. 

George VI used radio broadcasts to address the nation, especially when war was declared in 1939, to boost morale, and to thank his subjects when it ended. (Newsreels show George VI and his queen Elizabeth visiting Londoners whose homes 

were bombed during the Blitz.) Changes in technology meant Elizabeth II’s coronation was the first to be televised and broadcast. The Queen’s life now becomes public property. This documentary also reveals the Royal Family’s reaction to 

Princess Diana’s death and how the public intruded upon their personal grief. Other highlights include a brief interview with the Duke and Duchess of Windsor from the 1960s. Edward, as Prince of Wales wanted to be regarded as an honorary 

Canadian! Australian cricketing captain Don Bradman gives his opinion about Prince Philip’s talents as an off-spin bowler!

Episode 1 - The First Windsors

George V and his queen Mary were a deeply conservative couple who were slow to embrace the new. Edward’s womanising and “calling in sick” for really boring assignments gave George V cause for worry.

Edward VIII abdicated after a ten-month reign.

Episode 2 - The King Who Saved The Crown

Bertie, Duke of York, was the most unlikely man to become King. He was shy, he stammered and he hated public occasions. He was compelled to step up and do his royal duty when his brother abdicated.

He steered Britain though the Abdication crisis, the devastation of World War II and he restored stability to the monarchy. His daughter, Princess Elizabeth, was perfectly prepared for her future role when he died from cancer in 1952.

Episode 3 - A Queen For All Seasons

Elizabeth II was only 25 when she became Queen. She was also a wife and mother, as she married Prince Philip in a lavish ceremony in November 1947.

She saw many changes, including the Swinging Sixties, four failed marriages, Diana’s death in 1997, and the loss of her sister and mother. She ruled with calm authority, even in incredibly difficult situations.

Elizabeth II was hailed as a great survivor—she celebrated her Golden Jubilee in 2002, and her 80th birthday in 2006.