Record Label: Network Medien
Style: World Music
Musicians: Gigi: vocals, producer; Tony Cedras: accordion; Bill Laswell: acoustic guitar, keyboards, producer; Karsh Kale: percussion; others.
Though Ejigayehu "Gigi" Shibabaw is given “featuring” status on this album, it’s really her show. For the uninitiated, Gigi is a wonderful Ethiopian singer who’s made a name for herself (in America, that is – in France she’s better known) collaborating with bassist/composer Bill Laswell on various projects – she has a nimble, melodious voice (a wee bit similar to Sheila Chandra’s, though duskier, deeper, more soulful in the “American” sense) that doesn’t overdo the melisma (where a singer “worries” or extends words, often heard in Arabic and North African music). Zion Roots is not “Afro-pop” or “world beat” or even the darkly funky modern stuff that’s come out of her country in the past 20 years or so – she and her cohorts pay tribute to the traditional music of Ethiopia, but with a welcoming joie de vive that sidesteps the pitfalls of we-are-keepers-of-the-Tradition solemnity and formalism. The hypnotic rhythms percolate, providing a mesmerizing context for Gigi’s vocal flights and some tantalizingly brief but seductive instrumental solos. Laswell’s here, too, but don’t expect the “usual” sleek, pulsing/throbbing ambiance from him – the producing is spare and streamlined, & he forsakes the bass this time ‘round for keyboards and acoustic guitar. There are undertones of jazz, gospel and reggae, but subtly – the Ethiopian trad sound is paramount, though it’s not coming out of a purist vacuum. Zion Roots is possessed of a rhythm-charged serenity and an unexaggerated, heartfelt sensuality, and clearly and opinionatedly one of the finest “world music” releases (African division) of ’03.
Reviewed by: Mark Keresman
MONTHLY JAZZ NEWSLETTER:



Robin Denselow The Guardian, Friday 10 October 2003

The Ethiopian singer Ejigayehu "Gigi" Shibabaw recorded a best-selling Africa-funk-jazz crossover set, simply titled Gigi, in which she was joined by a celebrity cast that included the likes of Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock and David Gilmore.

Now she's back with another excellent, more African-influenced album, on which she sings lead vocals, has written all the songs that aren't traditional, and acts both as co-producer and arranger. And yet, mysteriously, this is not being promoted as a Gigi album. It's titled Zion Roots, which makes it sound like a mediocre reggae set, and it's credited to Abyssinia Infinite "featuring Gigi".

The result is far more interesting than the packaging would suggest. The musicians are mostly Ethiopian, and are joined by the album's co-producer Bill Laswell, playing keyboards and acoustic guitar.

Gigi's clear, soulful vocals are backed by a subtle blend of insistent percussion, traditional Ethiopian flute and harp, along with saxophone and chugging accordion, while Laswell's wash of keyboard effects is for the most part a discreet addition. From the gentle Gela to the more jazz and gospel-influenced Lebaye (both of which she wrote) this is Gigi's album and she deserves the credit.

***** 
Guardian 2003