Title: Happythankyoumoreplease   -   Release: NOSUBBED
Year: 2010 
Country: U.S.A.
Language: English
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Comedy / Romance
Runtime: 100 min
Resolution: 720 X 384
Bitrates: 448 kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3 - 5.1
Directed by: Josh Radnor
Starring: 
Malin Akerman  ...  Annie
Michael Algieri  ...  Rasheen
Jakob Appelman  ...  School Boy
Bram Barouh  ...  Spencer
Dana Barron  ...  The Gynecologist
Sunah Bilsted  ...  Receptionist
Nicolina Capitanio  ...  Girl Playing in Park
Lina Carollo  ...  Restaurant Patron
Todd DiCiurcio  ...  Rasheen's Artwork
Jimmy Gary Jr.  ...  Officer Jones
Larry Gevirtz  ...  Subway Passenger
Tony Hale  ...  Sam #2
Richard Jenkins  ...  Paul Gertmanian
Zoe Kazan  ...  Mary Catherine
Marna Kohn  ...  Melissa

IMDB Rate: 8/10

IMDB Link:                
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1481572/

Plot: Six New Yorkers juggle love, friendship, and the keenly challenging specter of adulthood. Sam Wexler is a struggling writer who's having a particularly bad day. When a young boy gets separated from his family on the subway, Sam makes the questionable decision to bring the child back to his apartment and thus begins a rewarding, yet complicated, friendship. Sam's life revolves around his friends-Annie, whose self-image keeps her from commitment; Charlie and Mary Catherine, a couple whose possible move to Los Angeles tests their relationship; and Mississippi, a cabaret singer who catches Sam's eye. (IMDB)

The movie won the "Audience Award" at 2010 Sundance Film Festival.



Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ				