All Through the Night (1941)

ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT; screen play by Leonard Spigelgass and Edwin Gilbert; based on a story by Mr. Spigelgass and Leonard Q. Ross (Leo C. Rosten); directed by Vincent Sherman for Warner Brothers.
"Gloves" Donahue . . . . . Humphrey Bogart
    
Plot:
     An elderly baker named Miller (Ludwig Stossel) is murdered by a sinister stranger (Peter Lorre). A trail leads on to a nightclub singer, Leda Hamilton (Kaaren Verne) who reveals that she and Miller have been in thrall to an organization of Nazi fifth columnists led by Ebbing (Conrad Veidt). She is helped by a well-meaning promoter, Alfred "Gloves" Donahue (Humphrey Bogart), who himself is suspected of murdering a Restaurant owner (Edward Brophy), and has to track down those responsible to prove his innocence

Synopsis

     Former New York City mobster Gloves Donahue, now a professional gambler, will eat only cheesecake baked by his mother's neighbor, Mr. Miller. When Miller is murdered, Gloves is urged by his mother, to whom he always listens, to investigate, and although he is reluctant at first, his interest is piqued when an attractive young woman comes looking for Miller and disappears as soon as she learns he is dead. That night, nightclub owner Marty Callahan telephones Gloves to demand that he retrieve Mrs. Donahue, who has discovered Leda Hamilton, the mysterious woman from that morning, singing at Callahan's club. When Gloves questions Leda, she provides simple explanations for each of his questions, and before long, she is dragged away by her sinister accompanist Pepi. Curious when a man runs outside and speeds away in a taxi, Gloves rushes inside just in time to see fatally wounded Joe Denning, one of Callahan's men, stagger from a dressing room. Before he dies, Denning tells Gloves that Leda has been kidnapped. Through his contacts, Gloves, who is mistakenly accused of Denning's murder, traces the taxi to a warehouse. Leaving his driver Barney behind, Gloves and Sunshine, one of his cronies, sneak inside. While Gloves looks around, Sunshine is knocked out and carried away, and when Gloves tries to find him, he is driven away by gunshots. Gloves suspects that the warehouse is connected to an exclusive auction house around the corner, where an auction is being conducted. Gloves bids on a piece in order to take a look at the offices, but once inside, he is spotted by Pepi and Leda, who knocks him unconscious. Gloves awakens in the warehouse, tied up next to the missing Sunshine. To Gloves's surprise, Leda helps free them from their bonds, and later, Gloves and Sunshine overpower their captors. Inside the auction house, the pair find evidence that the mysterious group consists of German spies and fifth columnists, as well as a notebook that indicates that Leda's father has died in Dachau. When Gloves tries to take Hall Ebbing, the leader of the spies, to the police, however, Ebbing summons the others, and Gloves barely escapes with an unconscious Leda during the ensuing gunfight. While they run from the Germans, Leda explains that Miller was forced to work for them against his will. She also reveals that she must work for them or they will kill her father, but when Gloves tells her that her father is dead, she readily agrees to help him. The police do not believe Leda's testimony, however, and Gloves is forced to call on Callahan for help in avenging Denning's death. Gloves and Sunshine infiltrate a meeting, where they learn that the Germans plan to blow up a ship docked in the Brooklyn shipyard. They keep the group distracted long enough for Callahan's men to arrive. Ebbing escapes, determined to blow up the ship by himself, and Gloves follows him. At gunpoint, Ebbing forces Gloves to drive a small boat toward the ship, but at the last minute, Gloves turns the boat sharply and knocks Ebbing overboard. Gloves is declared a hero and charges against him and Leda are dropped.

NY TIMES Original review - All Through the Night (1941)
THE SCREEN; 'All Through the Night' Action Film About Gangsters and Nazi Spies, With Humphrey Bogart, Opens at the Strand
By BOSLEY CROWTHER
Published: January 24, 1942

Of one thing you may be certain: no national peril can ever impend which the Warner Brothers are unable to cope with in triumph—on the screen. And now, in "All Through the Night," which opened at the Strand yesterday, the Burbank brethren are confronting a sinister Nazi spy ring with the most effective opposition that their studio has at hand—their own stock company of tough guys, Broadway sharpies and muggs, led by that ever-resourceful facer of situations, Humphrey Bogart. When the Warner gang swings into action, the Nazis don't stand a chance, even with Conrad Veidt and Peter Lorre on their side. And although the consequent conflict is as wild as a cowboy-Indian fight, it makes for uncommon excitement and a roaring adventure film.

Let it be said for the record that this is a pre-Pearl Harbor job, lest any one raise the objection that it plays too fast and loose with a subject much too serious for melodramatic kidding in these times. One would hate to think that an enemy plot of such elaborate magnitude as the one presented here should be so completely overlooked by our capable F. B. I., and that the responsibility for licking it should fall upon a semi-gangster. So don't even let yourself think that this picture pretends to be fact. It is straight, unadulterated fiction pulled out of a script-writer's hat.

As such, it follows the sure-fire touch-and-go chase formula. A big-shot Broadway "promoter" is filled with curiosity when a little German baker, a friend of his, is rubbed out. The promoter, self-appointed, starts tracking random clues; he picks up a night-club singer who has a vaguely Germanic accent, and first thing he knows he is neck-deep in a highly mysterious plot One things leads to another, a shady warehouse to a phony auction room, and there the amateur detective encounters incredible things. He encounters—you'd never guess it — a virtual convention of Nazi spies, assembling to commit some strange manoeuvre against an American battleship in the harbor. Fights and shots in the dark, a wild chase through Central Park, and an ultimate battle royal follow in breathless succession, and the whole thing is climaxed by a bit of fantastic business in a motor boat, loaded with high explosives and aimed at the new battleship.

In spite of its slap-bang construction and its hour-and-three-quarters length, the picture does move with precision and steadily maintained suspense. Some of the details are excellent—and there is no reason why they shouldn't be, for the best bits are easily recognizable from such previous films as "The 39 Steps" and "M." But most of the impact is generated by a series of knock-down fights and the usual business of groping nervously about in the dark.

Mr. Bogart as the big shot plays with cool and calculated perfection. Mr. Veidt is equally effective as the brains of the Nazi ring. Kaaren Verne gives a pleasant performance as the German girl involved in the plot, and Frank McHugh, William Demarest, Barton MacLane, Peter Lorre and Judith Anderson give fine support.

"All Through the Night" is not exactly a melodrama out of the top drawer, but it is a super-duper action picture — mostly duper, when you stop to think.

ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT; screen play by Leonard Spigelgass and Edwin Gilbert; based on a story by Mr. Spigelgass and Leonard Q. Ross (Leo C. Rosten); directed by Vincent Sherman for Warner Brothers. At the Strand.
"Gloves" Donahue . . . . . Humphrey Bogart
Ebbing . . . . . Conrad Veidt
Leda Hamilton . . . . . Kaaren Verne
Mrs. Donahue . . . . . Jane Darwell
Barney . . . . . Frank McHugh
Madame . . . . . Judith Anderson
Pepi . . . . . Peter Lorre
Marty Callahan . . . . . Barton MacLane
Sunshine . . . . . William Demarest
Walter . . . . . Phil Silvers
"Spats" Hunter . . . . . Wally Ford
Joe Denning . . . . . Edward Brophy
Sage . . . . . Charles Cane
Spence . . . . . Frank Scully
Steindorff . . . . . Martin Kosleck
Starchy . . . . . Jackie C. Gleason
Anton . . . . . Hans Schumm
Mr. Miller . . . . . Ludwig Stossel
Mrs. Miller . . . . . Irene Seidner
Annabelle . . . . . Jean Ames
Smitty . . . . . Ben Welden
Deacon . . . . . Sam McDaniel
Forbes . . . . . James Burke

 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6003960/The_American_Religion_Defined_In_The_Declaration_of_Independence 