Book Description
Master the CCNP® ROUTE 642-902 exam with this official study guide

Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
Review key concepts with Exam Preparation Tasks
Practice with realistic exam questions on the CD-ROM
CCNP ROUTE 642-902 Official Certification Guide is a best of breed Cisco® exam study guide that focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNP® ROUTE exam. Senior instructor and best-selling author Wendell Odom shares preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

CCNP ROUTE 642-902 Official Certification Guide presents you with an organized test preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. “Do I Know This Already?” quizzes open each chapter and allow you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks sections help drill you on key concepts you must know thoroughly.

The companion CD-ROM contains a powerful testing engine that allows you to focus on individual topic areas or take complete, timed exams. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a module-by-module basis, laying out a complete study plan for review.

Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCNP ROUTE 642-902 Official Certification Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining

Wendell Odom, CCIE® No. 1624, is a 28-year veteran of the networking industry. He currently works as an independent author of Cisco certification resources and occasional instructor of Cisco authorized training for Skyline ATS. He has worked as a network engineer, consultant, systems engineer, instructor, and course developer. He is the author of several best-selling Cisco certification titles. He maintains lists of current titles, links to Wendell’s blogs, and other certification resources at www.TheCertZone.com.

This official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNP ROUTE exam, including:

Network design, implementation, and verification plans
EIGRP
OSPF
IGP Redistribution
Policy-based routing and IP service-level agreement (IP SLA)
BGP
IPv6
IPv4 and IPv6 coexistence
Routing over branch Internet connections
This volume is part of the Official Certification Guide Series from Cisco Press. Books in this series provide officially developed exam preparation materials that offer assessment, review, and practice to help Cisco Career Certification candidates identify weaknesses, concentrate their study efforts, and enhance their confidence as exam day nears.

Book Details
Hardcover: 768 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press (February, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587202530
ISBN-13: 978-1587202537