 http://www.wowebook.com/book/pro-dns-and-bind-10/

Book Description
Pro DNS and BIND 10 guides you through the challenging array of features surrounding DNS with a special focus on the latest release of BIND, the world’s most popular DNS implementation. This book unravels the mysteries of DNS, offering insight into origins, evolution, and key concepts like domain names and zone files. This book focuses on running DNS systems based on BIND 10, the first stable release that includes support for the latest DNSSEC standards.

Whether you administer a DNS system, are thinking about running one, or you simply want to understand the DNS system, then this book for you. Pro DNS and BIND 10 starts with simple concepts, then moves on to full security-aware DNSSEC configurations. Various features, parameters, and Resource Records are described and illustrated with examples.

The book contains a complete reference to zone files, Resource Records, and BIND’s configuration file parameters. You can treat the book as a simple paint-by-numbers guide to everything from a simple caching DNS to the most complex secure DNS (DNSSEC) implementation. Background information is included for when you need to know what to do and why you have to do it, and so that you can modify processes to meet your unique needs.

What you’ll learn

Get an introduction to DNS, zone files, Resource Records, DNS Operators, Types, and IPv6
How to install and use BIND, common DNS Tasks, DNS diagnostics/tools, secure configurations and more
How to secure a DNS for zone transfer or dynamic update
What DNSSEC is and how to use it
How to use the definitive BIND Configuration and Zone File References
How to use the new BIND APIs and Resolver Libraries
How to use DNS Messages/Records and Active Directory
Who this book is for
This book is for DNS and system administrators, especially in large corporations, and for Government agency security experts. It’s also for IT management, domain registrars, registry operators, and security auditors.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1, “An Introduction to DNS”
Chapter 2,”Zone Files and Resource Records”
Chapter 3,”DNS Operations”
Chapter 4,”DNS Types”
Chapter 5, “DNS and IPv6″
Chapter 6, “Installing BIND”
Chapter 7,”BIND Type Samples”
Chapter 8, “Common DNS Tasks”
Chapter 9, “DNS Diagnostics and Tools”
Chapter 10,”DNS Secure Configurations”
Chapter 11,”DNSSEC”
Chapter 12,”BIND Configuration Reference”
Chapter 13,”Zone File Reference”
Chapter 14,”DNS Messages and Records”
Chapter 15 DNS and Active Directory
Appendix A,”Domain Name Registration”
Appendix B,”DNS RFCs”
Appendix C Tools and Utilities

Book Details
Paperback: 692 pages
Publisher: Apress (February, 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1430230487
ISBN-13: 978-1430230489