Name:	Boilsoft.Video.Converter.3.01-MKDEV.TEAM
Description:
Boilsoft.Video.Converter.3.01-MKDEV.TEAM.torrent


install the app
use the serial or the reg. file
SEED/ENJOY

www.mkdev.info


Boilsoft Video Converter

As a versatile video converter, Boilsoft Video Converter is an all-in-one video converter to convert all popular video formats such as AVI, MOV, MP4, FLV, MPEG, VOB, RM, MP4, WMV, and etc. to AVI, MPEG, VCD, SVCD, DVD, 3GP, iPod Mp4, PSP MP4, MP4, .flv/ flash, WMV, and etc.. Additionally, Boilsoft video converter can even convert all popular formats to real media formats, such as rm, rmvb----------exclusive!

By using our video converter, you can easily get the exciting video files that can be played on television, portable media players, mobile phones, websites, and etc.. And then you can enjoy a wonderful video trip.

Boilsoft Video Converter has excellent capacities to provide you with a variety of practical functions. This wonderful video converter allows you to preview video before it gets converted, add watermark, subtitle to the video to be converted, convert a batch of videos in different or same formats to one specified format, clip and convert a certain video segment as you like, customize output parameters, and etc.. Four ways to adjust output video frame size are Crop, Stretch to fit , Preserve aspect ratio and Customize as you like . You can play the converted video with just one click on the interface of our video converter.

With a super intuitive interface, Boilsoft Video Converter enables you to use it smoothly and efficiently without any tutorial. It is truly the video converter that you want to use and never disappoints you!

When you are looking for AVI converter, MPEG converter, VCD converter, SVCD converter, DVD converter, 3GP converter, iPod Mp4 converter, PSP MP4 converter, MP4 converter, FLV converter, our all-in-one Video Converter will be your best choice!!



Functions:

   Versatile Video converter converts all popular formats video files such as ASF, AVI, MPEG, MP4, RM, RMVB, WMV, FLV, MOV, 3GP, 3GPP2..
   Provides output popular video formats including AVI, FLV/ flash, MPEG, VCD, SVCD, DVD, 3GP, iPod Mp4, PSP MP4, MP4, and etc.
   Additionally, Boilsoft Video Converter is one of the few converters that can convert all popular formats to real media formats, such as rm, rmvb--exclusive!!
   Supports batch conversion mode
   Video cutting function enables you to convert a certain video clip as you like.
   Supports adding subtitle formats such as .srt, .idx/.sub, .ssa, and etc.
   With an intuitive interface, video converter enables you to easily find any options you need to edit and convert the videos to the format you want.
   Output video/audio settings, such as Codec, Video/Audio quality, Bitrate, Frame rate, Frame Size, Sample rate, track, can be fully customized.
   Supports adding watermark in any image formats, even animated GIF.
   Supports Flip Video Image function, a way to flip your video image vertically
   Supports 4 methods of Frame Size adjustment- Crop, Stretch to fit, Preserve aspect ratio and Customize.
   In Customize adjustment mode, previewing image is allowed. And video image position and margin to border can be configured as you like.

Features:

   Support converting all popular formats to real media formats, such as rm, rmvb --exclusive!!
   Completely support all kinds of RMVB files as source file.
   Provide a better decoding solution of WMV file.
   Output WMV file with Windows Codec 7/8/9.
   Convert output video/audio settings can be customized.
   Convert video files to play on iPod, iPhone, iTouch, PSP, PS3, and other digital multimedia devices.
   A user-friendly video converter, with an adjustable control panel, more professional.
   A batch conversion converter.
 
Category:	Software > Windows
Total Size:	11.64 MB
Info Hash:	12bee10bd7e1c845b130f77c45c03ea04a657516
Added By:	mkdev
Date Added:	Jun 26 2011 - 19:29:37
Hits:	0