TV : Adventure : DVD quality : English


Captain James Cook-Mini Series
Year: 1987
Executive Producer: Geoffrey Daniels
Producer: Ray Alchin
Director: Lawrence Gordon Clark
Writer: Peter Yeldham
640x480 25fps
Based on the three voyages of Captain Cook
First voyage (1768–71)
Second voyage (1772–75)
Third voyage (1776–79)
Cook was killed in Hawaii on the
14 February 1779 (aged 50)


In 1768 King George III of England orders an ambitious expedition to the Pacific Ocean to observe the transit of Venus and to see the mythical Southern Continent. James Cook, an unknown petty officer, is controversially appointed as commander, choosing an unlikely collier to carry him and his men into dangerous and unknown waters. After sailing to Tahiti, where the eclipse proves disappointing, Cook proceeds to chart the coasts of New Zealand,various Pacific islands and Australia beginning a glorious adventure spanning the oceans of the world.Made principally on location, using a full-size replica of the 'Endeavour' (built for the Australian bicentenary), this has a salty atmosphere lacking from many historial 'sea dramas'. Michell's performance as the titular Yorkshireman has also been praised for its complexity

Captain James Cook

Cast
Carol Drinkwater ... Mrs. Elizabeth Cook
Keith Michell ... Capt. James Cook
John Gregg ... Joseph Banks
Erich Hallhuber ... Lt. John Gore
Jacques Penot ... Cmdr. Charles Clarke
Barry Quin ... Lt. Zachariah Hicks
Steven Grives ... Sgt. Samuel
Gibson
Fernando Rey ... Adm. Sir Edward Hawke
Xabier Elorriaga ... Lord Johnny Sandwich
Udo Vioff ... Johann Reinhold Forster
Noel Trevarthen ... Adm. Sir Hugh Palliser
David Whitney ... William Bligh
John Allen ... Lt. Furneaux
Titaine Bourne ... Parita
Peter Carroll ... Dr. Daniel Solander
Matthew Crosby ... Lt. King
John Doyle ... Lt. Pickersgill
Les Foxcroft ... Old Salt
Benjamin Franklin ... Alexander Dalrymple
Tony Harvey ... Lt. Phillips
Jim Holt ... Lt. John Williamson
Louise Kimitete ... Queen Oberea
Tony Martin ... Wilkinson
Rhys McConnochie ... King George III
Emil Minty ... Young Nick
Geoff Morrell ... Surgeon William Perry
Robert Padwick ... Lt. Cooper
John Polson ... George Forster
Maurice Risch ... Surgeon Monkhouse
J. Tuhetini Tunipua ... Tupaia 


Enjoy and Seed!!