Best Picture - 1935 - Mutiny On The Bounty

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1274kbps 
Duration.............: 2:12:43
Resolution...........: 640*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 1 
Filesize.............: 1,471,503,036 

 
http://bayimg.com/GaKMiAAde
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0026752/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1935_film)


Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1935 film starring Charles Laughton and Clark Gable, and directed by Frank Lloyd based on the Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall novel Mutiny on the Bounty.

The film was one of the biggest hits of its time. Although its historical accuracy has been questioned (inevitable as it is based on a novel about the facts, not the facts themselves), film critics consider this adaptation to be the best cinematic work inspired by the mutiny.

Cast

Charles Laughton as Captain Bligh
Clark Gable as Fletcher Christian
Franchot Tone as Byam
Herbert Mundin as Smith
Eddie Quillan as Ellison
Dudley Digges as Bacchus
Donald Crisp as Burkitt
Henry Stephenson as Sir Joseph Banks
Francis Lister as Captain Nelson
Spring Byington as Mrs. Byam
Movita as Tehani
Mamo Clark as Maimiti (as Mamo)
Byron Russell as Quintal
Percy Waram as Coleman
David Torrence as Lord Hood
John Harrington as Mr. Purcell
Douglas Walton as Stewart
Ian Wolfe as Maggs
DeWitt Jennings as Fryer
Ivan F. Simpson as Morgan (as Ivan Simpson)
Vernon Downing as Hayward
Bill Bambridge as Hitihiti (as William Bambridge)
Marion Clayton Anderson as Mary Ellison (as Marion Clayton)
Stanley Fields as Muspratt
Wallis Clark as Morrison
Crauford Kent as Lieutenant Edwards (as Craufurd Kent)
Pat Flaherty as Churchill
Alec Craig as McCoy
Charles Irwin as Thompson
Dick Winslow as Tinkler
James Cagney as Extra (Uncredited)
David Niven as Extra (Uncredited)

Plot

The movie chronicles the real-life mutiny aboard the Bounty led by Fletcher Christian (Clark Gable) against the ship's captain, William Bligh (Charles Laughton). Like the novel, it portrays Captain Bligh as an abusive villain whose cruelty towards the crew and most of the officers leads Christian to mutiny. When Bligh is cast on to a longboat with others that want to join him, Midshipman Roger Byam (Franchot Tone) tries to stop the mutiny, but fails. Christian leads the Bounty to Tahiti where the remaining crew live for many years. But Bligh has made it back to England and takes a ship to Tahiti. Byam sees the ship and decides to return to England while Christian with next to the whole crew sails with the natives and finds another island to live on. When Byam goes on the ship (unaware Bligh is captain of the ship) he is taken captive, for Bligh believes he had something to do with the mutiny.

Back in England, Byam is court-martialed and found guilty. Before the court condemns him, Byam tells the court of Bligh's cruelty on the ship. Meanwhile, Christian has found Pitcairn Island, an island difficult to land on. He grounds the Bounty on the island and burns the ship so pursuers will not find Christian and his followers. Back in England Byam is pardoned and subsequently returns to sea.
