"Imagine", by John Lennon, is the crown jewel of his solo recording career. Released 40 years ago, it still stands as his best and most popular album ever. The title track is to this day, is an anthem for peace, and remains a classic rock radio staple. The album is filled with quality musicianship and songwriting. The song "How Do You Sleep", is an obvious attack on Paul McCartney, and the fact that George Harrison appears on the song, playing some of the most stinging solo guitar of his career, speaks volumes about the relationship between Paul, and the other Beatles during that time period. "Jealous Guy", is an apologetic ballad, that hits the listener to the core, and was later remade into a hit record by Bryan Ferry and Roxy Music. The song "Gimme Some Truth", is an all out attack on politicians and the government. The haunting "I Don't Want To Be A Soldier", is a Vietnam era anti-war song that effectively takes the listener to the plight of the draftee, and pending death. Strong stuff indeed. "Oh Yoko", is a fun catchy pop tune, that pays homage to his wife, that actually works as an answer to those who basically trashed her for being Mrs John Lennon. Along with George Harrison's "All Things Must Pass", I believe "Imagine", are the two greatest solo Beatle recordings ever made. 

by  Anthony Accordino

TRACKLIST:

01 - Imagine.wma                                                 
02 - Crippled Inside.wma                                         
03 - Jealous Guy.wma                                             
04 - It's So Hard.wma                                            
05 - I Don't Wanna Be A Soldier Mama.wma                         
06 - Gimme Some Truth.wma                                        
07 - Oh My Love.wma                                              
08 - How Do You Sleep.wma                                        
09 - How.wma                                                     
10 - Oh Yoko!.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO	

MARCELODRGZ