- 
http://www.torrentkit.com        thanks for supporting with server cost,   
http://www.torrentkit.com       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ...... www.torrentkit.com..........

-       
     
     
                   
         
             
         
         
         
                   
              
                 
             
                       
             
             
             
        
          
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
                           
              
              
              
     
        
          
      ....    
      .    
      .    
          
        
     
                                                           
                Cathode Ray Terrorists Proudly Bring you...            
                                                                       
     

      Justice-How.To.Measure.Pleasure.WS.PDTV.XviD-PVR

     

      UK Air Date     08/Feb/11
      Release Date    19/Feb/11
      Channel         BBC4
      Genre           Documentary
      Source          PDTV
      Video Format    XviD 608x336 25.000 fps 1 014 Kbps
      Audio Format    VBR MP3 123 Kbps 48.0 KHz
      Duration        00:28:18.920
      Filesize        232 MB

     
     Description...                                                  
                                                       

      In the third in a series of lectures drawn from Harvard
      professor Michael Sandel's famous undergraduate course on the
      philosophy of justice, he introduces the British philosopher
      John Stuart Mill and compares the artistic merits of Shakespeare
      and The Simpsons. Mill argued that seeking the greatest good for
      the greatest number is compatible with protecting individual
      rights, and that utilitarianism can make room for a distinction
      between higher and lower pleasures. Sandel tests Mill's theory
      that that the higher pleasure is that which is preferred by a
      well-informed majority by playing video clips from three very
      different forms of entertainment - Shakespeare's Hamlet, the
      reality show Fear Factor and The Simpsons. Students debate their
      own preferences and whether Mill's defense of utilitarianism is
      successful.
      
     
                                                      Group Notes...
        We are looking for:                           
                                                                     
      .EU Affil sites, NO COLO/RENTED.                              
                                                                     
      Retail TV dvds before the retail date.                        
                                                                     
      Can't get in contact with us? There's probably a reason.       
                                                                     
     
               Greets: iNGOT KYR PFa SYS watbath WATERS             x