When Love Speaks: Shakespeare's Love Sonnets - Read and Sung by Various Artists


When Love Speaks is a collection of Shakespearean love sonnets as read by famous actors, and songs inspired by Shakespeare’s love sonnets.

It contains a 44 page book. [Actually, it doesn't, unfortunately, thanks towho nuked this file, and it took forever to find a copy -- albeit sans booklet - Ouzicat]


An unusual collaboration, When Love Speaks features interpretations of William Shakespeare’s sonnets and excerpts from his plays by high-profile actors and musicians. It almost goes without saying that performers such as John Gielgud, Jonathan Pryce, Diana Rigg, Ralph and Joseph Fiennes, and Susannah York give accomplished readings of the Bard’s work; the musical interludes, which range from the adult alternative pop of Annie Lennox’s “Live With Me and Be My Love” to Keb’ Mo”s bluesy “No More Be Grieved at That Which Thou Hast Done,” aren’t quite as successful but add diversity. Highlights include Alan Rickman’s reading of “My Mistress’ Eyes Are Nothing Like the Sun,” Rufus Wainwright’s “When, in Disgrace With Fortune and Men’s Eyes,” and Bryan Ferry’s “Shall I Compare Thee to a Summer’s Day.” Other featured performers include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Barbara Bonney, Tom Courtenay, and Kenneth Branagh. As a benefit album for the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts -- where most of the featured actors on this album studied -- and as a tribute to Shakespeare, When Love Speaks does an admirable job of marrying high culture to pop culture.

~ Heather Phares



Recorded at Waceeffect Studios, London, England and at Voice Box Studios, Los Angeles, California.


Composer: Michael Kamen


Personnel: Rufus Wainwright (vocals, piano); Michel Pepin (guitar); Kate McGarrigle (banjo); Gillian Tingay (harp); Matthew Wadsworth, John Surman (lute); Joel Zifkin (violin); Caroline Dale (cello); Anna McGarrigle (accordion); Charles Green (clarinet); Maya Homburger (soprano saxophone); Stephen Stubbs (tenor saxophone); Michael Kamen (piano)


01. Be Not Afeard, the Isle Is Full of Noises (The Tempest) - Joseph Fiennes
02. Live With Me and Be My Love - Annie Lennox
03. As an Unperfect Actor on the Stage - John Gielgud
04. My Mistress’ Eyes Are Nothing Like the Sun - Alan Rickman
05. Why Is My Verse So Barren of New Pride - Diana Rigg
06. Who Will Believe My Verse in Time to Come - Richard Attenborough
07. That You Were Once Unkind Befriends Me Now - Paul Rhys
08. How Oft, When Thou, My Music - Juliet Stevenson
09. When, in Disgrace With Fortune and Men’s Eyes - Rufus Wainwright
10. Being Your Slave, What Should I Do but Tend - Janet McTeer
11. Tired With All These, for Restful Death I Cry - Alan Bates
12. When I Consider Everything That Grows - Marianne Jean-Baptiste
13. Let Those Who Are in Favour With Their Stars - David Warner
14. They That Have Power to Hurt and Will Do None - Siân Philips
15. Those Lips That Love’s Own Hand Did Make - John Hurt
16. Come Again: Sweet Love Doth Now Invite - John Potter
17. Th’ Expense of Spirit in a Waste of Shame - Ralph Fiennes
18. Thine Eyes I Love, and They, As Pitying Me - Matthew Rhys
19. I Never Saw That You Did Painting Need - Imelda Staunton
20. When to the Sessions of Sweet Silent Thought - Kenneth Branagh
21. Is It Thy Will Thy Image Should Keep Open - Fiona Shaw
22. Mine Eye and Heart Are at a Mortal War - Henry Goodman
23. No More Be Grieved at That Which Thou Hast Done - Keb’ Mo’
24. O Never Say That I Was False of Heart - Susannah York
25. Look in Thy Glass and Tell the Face Thou Viewest - Timothy Spall
26. Some Glory in Their Birth, Some in Their Skill - Peter Barkworth
27. How Heavy Do I Journey on the Way - Gemma Jones
28. Since Brass, Nor Stone, Nor Earth, Nor Boundless Sea - Jonathan Pryce
29. Like As the Waves Make Towards the Pebbled Shore - Richard Wilson
30. Quality of Mercy Is Not Strained, The (The Merchant of Venice) - Des’ree
31. Sweet Love, Renew Thy Force; Be It Not Said - Tom Courtenay
32. Since I Left You, Mine Eye Is in My Mind - Zoe Waites
33. Be Wise As Thou Art Cruel ; Do Not Press - Edward Fox
34. Is It for Fear to Wet a Widow’s Eye - Trevor Eve
35. So Is It Not With Me As With That Muse - Imogen Stubbs
36. Devouring Time, Blunt Thou the Lion’s Paws
37. Willow Song, The (Othello) - Barbara Bonney
38. When My Love Swears That She Is Made of Truth - Richard Johnson
39. When I Do Count the Clock That Tells the Time - Martin Jarvis
40. What Potions Have I Drunk of Siren Tears - Roger Hammond
41. Not Marble nor the Gilded Monuments - Richard Briers
42. Sin of Self-Love Possesseth All Mine Eye - John Sessions
43. Let Me Not to the Marriage of True Minds - Thelma Holt
44. Music to Hear, Why Hears’t Thou Music Sadly - Ladysmith Black Mambazo
45. When Forty Winters Shall Besiege Thy Brow - Caroline Blakiston
46. No Longer Mourn for Me When I Am Dead - Peter Bowles
47. In Faith I Do Not Love Thee With Mine Eyes - Sylvia Sims
48. Why Didst Thou Promise Such a Beauteous Day - Robert Lindsay
49. Not From the Stars Do I My Judgement Pluck - Ioan Gruffudd
50. My Love Is As a Fever, Longing Still - John Hurt
51. Little Love-God Lying Once Asleep, The - Bohdan Poraj
52. Shall I Compare Thee to a Summer’s Day - Bryan Ferry
53. Our Revels Now Are Ended (The Tempest) - Joseph Fiennes





Classic fM Magazine

by Jeremy Nicholas

When Love Speaks Sonnets

Forty-Seven of Shakespeare's 154 Sonnets are read by some distinguished former alumni of RADA, making it the starriest cast ever assembled on disc, from Richard Attenborough and Kenneth Brannagh to Diana Rigg and Juliet Stevenson. And to hear such rich, wondrous language spoken with such dare and love is a treat indeed. Alan Rickman and Peter Barkworth are particularly outstanding and, while four sonnets are sung in eminently forgettable pop settings, the contrasting vocal timbres add to the pleasure of this unique recording.



INTERVIEW with MICHAEL KAMEN


'When Love Speaks' is something that's been with me four or five years. It started with me when I was 16. I started writing an opera on Othello and I wrote the Willow Song - and I'm very proud of it. Needless to say, Shakespeare is the inspiration for so much work that has gone on in the world for the last few 100 years. I decided that the sonnets were his most memorable love poems and I decided to write one - Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? I was looking for people to sing and I went to Brian Ferry expecting, without question, that he would take forever to make his mind up. But he heard it and, about two hours later, I walked out of his studio with a master.

I asked Annie Lennox if she'd give me something and she came back very excited, because she'd done a song based on one of the poems. And I also wanted Ladysmith Black Mambazo - when I called Des'ree, who also sings on the disc, she said "I'm working with Ladysmith". And I said "God, can you bring them?". Joseph Shabalala and I hit it off right away and I asked him if he would ever consider singing a Shakespeare sonnet. About a month later, he called from South Africa, saying "you know, I don't really like singing English very much". So I called a friend in LA who did a translation of a sonnet into Zulu and that's what Joseph worked on. As far as recruiting the actors on the disc, that's something I didn't have to do. One of my great friends I worked with on Die Hard and Robin Hood is Alan Rickman - he went ahead and recruited all the actors that we see on the album. It was also Alan who suggested we use the material for a benefit album for RADA.

The beauty of all great art is that it expands people's creativity and imagination. The Shakespeare sonnets are delightful - they're each a minute long, they're crafted by a genius and they are very meaningful - the emotions in them speak to us very clearly. When Love Speaks turned out to be a title that Alan Rickman came out with, but it's exactly what the album's about'.



The recording, launched on January 17 at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, was released on February 4, 2003. To maximize revenue on RADA's behalf you can order copies directly from the school:

"The CD itself is packaged within a beautifully designed hardback book containing the featured sonnets - you can buy this from RADA (from 4 February) - please call 020 7928 6010 to place an order by phone - to maximise revenue on RADA's behalf."--RADA

The street address is:
ROYAL ACADEMY OF DRAMATIC ART
62 - 64 Gower St
London WC1E 6ED
United Kingdom

It is available online at Amazon UK and may be pre-ordered there.

The official website is When Love Speaks, which contains audioclips.

A special live event took place on Sunday, February 10, 2002, at the Old Vic Theatre, to benefit RADA. RADA and EMI Classics launched this CD of Shakespeare's sonnets - both spoken and sung by a unique gathering of acting and musical talent including: Alan Rickman, Richard Attenborough, Fiona Shaw, Annie Lennox and David Stewart, Dave Gilmour, Des'Ree, Robert Lindsay, Tom Courtenay. Michael Kamen played piano.

Lord Attenborough (who is helming the rebuilding of RADA) and Alan Rickman were hosts of the event. While Lord Attenborough declared he was not a "luvvie", and Rickman confessed to a bit of a cold, the audience response and appreciation was enthusiastic. A Reuters article follows.


Shakespeare with Love as Bard Gets Music Makeover

-- Hannah Cowdy (Reuters)



Seventeenth-century drama met 21st century rock on Sunday when a galaxy of stars of stage, screen and song joined up for an early Valentine's celebration of the greatest love poet of them all -- Shakespeare.

From award-winning composer Michael Kamen to pop diva Annie Lennox, musicians set the Elizabethan bard's love songs, sonnets and soliloquies to music as veterans of the British stage performed his works to rapturous applause at London's packed Old Vic theatre.

Sunday's performance marked the release of "When Love Speaks," a CD collaboration between Britain's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) and record group EMI Classics, which hopes to introduce Shakespeare to a new audience almost four centuries after the death of the world's most famous playwright.

Organizers said the CD, which features dozens of celebrities from sibling Shakespearean actors Ralph and Joseph Fiennes to seventies rock star Bryan Ferry, was shooting up the album charts after last week's release -- proof of the bard's lasting appeal.

Actor Alan Rickman, who played the sinister Dark Arts teacher Professor Snape in "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone," worked with Kamen on the recording.

Proceeds will help struggling future stars of British stage and screen.

"Shakespeare is quintessential English," Rickman told reporters after the show.

"Shakespeare is simple and complex at the same time. It's the universal truth," he told Reuters.

Oscar-winning director Richard Attenborough described "When Love Speaks" as "a fascinating marriage of historical literature and contemporary song, which I assure you is the greatest labor of love."

The highlight of the evening was a reunion of pop band Eurythmics' stars Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart.

An elfin, delicate-looking Lennox, in a pale pink skirt and top with black boots, entranced the audience with a powerful rendition of "Live with me and be my love," taken from a poem by Shakespeare's contemporary, Christopher Marlowe.

Other stars performing on Sunday included British singer Des'ree, Shakespearean actor Richard Briers and Pink Floyd's David Gilmour.


Enjoy and Seed!!