Driver: San Francisco (c) Ubisoft

24-09-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Ubisoft DRM
Driver...............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD


RELEASE NOTES

With crime lord Charles Jericho now on the loose, San Francisco faces a
terrible threat. Only one man can stand against him. He has driven the
streets of a hundred cities and spent his whole life putting criminals
behind bars. But to take Jericho down, there can be no turning back,
and he knows that this may very well be his last ride. His name is
John Tanner. He is the DRIVER.

Developed by Ubisoft Reflections, creators of the original DRIVER
title, DRIVER SAN FRANCISCO is the return of the established action
driving video game series that has sold 14 million copies worldwide.
Players will race through the iconic streets of San Francisco and
beyond in the largest open-world environment to date spanning over
200 square miles.

An innovative gameplay feature enables players to seamlessly SHIFT
between over 130 licensed muscle and super cars to keep them constantly
in the heart of the action. With its timeless atmosphere, unique car
handling and renewed playability, DRIVER SAN FRANCISCO revitalizes the
classic free-roaming, cinematic car chase experience for the current
generation of video game platforms.

Features

THE TRUE CAR CHASE EXPERIENCE
Rediscover the cinematic driving sensations of DRIVER: loose
suspension, long drifts, Hollywood-style crashes and high-speed
pursuits in dense traffic. Drive over 130 fully destructible muscle
and super cars with realistic handling and customization features that
take fast-action driving to the next level.

RELENTLESS MANHUNT
Uncover a thrilling character-driven storyline in which personal
revenge fuels Tanners relentless manhunt for Jericho. Follow Tanner's
survival race across San Francisco and beyond to discover how this
chase will bring him to a point of no return.

SHIFT
As Tanner recovers from a terrible crash, he realizes he has acquired
a new ability, SHIFT, enabling him to instantly change vehicles and
take control. Experience unprecedented intensity, diversity and
freedom SHIFT into a faster car, deploy civilian vehicles to destroy
your enemies and even take control of your opponents car to force
their demise. SHIFT also allows for thrilling new Multi-player modes
within the game.

A CAR CHASE PLAYGROUND
Drive on more than 200 square miles of road network, over the Golden
Gate Bridge, and through iconic locations of San Francisco. SHIFT from
one car to the next and dip into the lives of different residents,
a-spinning array of characters, each with a unique perspective on a
city under siege.

MULTIPLAYER MAYHEM
Experience 11 different addictive multi-player modes, including 6
on-line modes where the SHIFT feature allows players to be anywhere at
any time.

AND MORE
Record your best stunts and chases with the Director replay mode to
edit and share your movies. Test your driving skills with 20
challenging races and 80 dares spread all across the city. Listen to
over 60 music tracks with songs from famous artists, not to mention the
original memorable DRIVER theme.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Run the update from the UPDATE folder on the DVD
5. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
6. In C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Local\Ubisoft Game Launcher\ delete settings.yml before u start the game for the first time
7. Play the game
8. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!