 http://ax.itunes.apple.com/app/id386568787?mt=8
 
http://apptrackr.org/?act=viewapp&appid=386568787

Real Racing 2
Description
Get ready for the most exhilarating handheld racing experience! Take control of 30 officially licensed cars, each with unique performance characteristics. Feel the thrill of authentic pack racing action in an incredible 16-car grid – the first on iOS!

◆ Get to know meticulously detailed cars including the 2010 Ford Shelby Mustang GT500, 2010 Nissan GT-R (R35) and 2012 McLaren MP4-12C. See the full list at http://firemint.com/r2.

◆ Enjoy well over 10 hours of gameplay in the massive career mode with time trials, head-to-head races, eliminations, single ‘cup’ races, qualifiers and championships. Win races to purchase new cars and feel the difference with performance upgrades that affect handling. Work your way up from rookie to pro, or just jump into a Quick Race for instant fun.

◆ Find out who the real champion is! Enter auto-matched 16 player online races. Meet up with friends for 8 player local WiFi races. Compete on global leaderboards in Time Trials.

◆ Race in 15 beautiful locations, with 40 miles of highly detailed race tracks, speedways and city circuits including twilight and night races.

◆ Choose control options to suit your personal style. Earn the checkered flag with our intuitive and easy to master controls or take things up a notch by disabling all driving assists. Set anti-skid, steering assist and sensitivity, automatic or manual acceleration and brake assist level. Touch or tilt to steer.

◆ Cutting edge graphics and physics powered by Firemint’s exclusive high performance Mint3D™ engine - optimized to push OpenGL ES2 and retina display technology to the limit, and fine tuned for the best experience on older devices.

Start your engines and get into the best handheld racing experience - “Buy Now”, or surprise a friend and “Gift this App”!

What's new in Version 1.11.02
Bug fix update:

- Addressed various rare visual anomalies, including those specific to 4th generation devices
- Fixed erratic movement of multiplayer opponents before race start
- Opponents now appear correctly on the minimap
- Performance upgrades are now properly enabled after updating the game

Thank you very much to the players who reported the details of these bugs! Our sincere apologies to anyone who encountered them and thank you for your patience while we worked on the fix. Please visit http://firemint.com/support if you have questions, suggestions or concerns. 

Please share....Dont hit and run...SEEEED it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)