Plot:

emperance Brennan is als forensisch antropologe werkzaam op het Jeffersonian Institute. Samen met haar team van uitermate getalenteerde wetenschappers helpt ze de FBI om moordzaken op te lossen. Niet alleen oude, onopgeloste moordzaken worden opgelost, maar ook recente moordzaken. Tijdens haar werk voor de FBI werkt ze samen met Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz). Tussen de FBI en het Jeffersonian Institute bestaan soms onenigheden, zoals die ook tussen Brennan (en haar team) en Booth bestaan. Maar uiteindelijk lossen de twee partijen de zaken altijd weer op.




Seizoen 2:


Season 2, Episode 1: The Titan on the Track
An investigation into a train wreck that claimed three lives, one of them a U.S. senator. In other events, Brennan clashes with the new boss, 
Dr. Camille Saroyan, who has a romantic history with Booth.


	
Season 2, Episode 2: Mother and Child in the Bay
Booth seeks out the husband of a missing pregnant woman after her remains wash up onshore, but the suspect disappears. 
Meanwhile, Bones continues to clash with Cam, and Booth gets a visit from his ex.


	
Season 2, Episode 3: The Boy in the Shroud
When a tractor-trailer collides with a garbage truck, the skeleton of a 17-year old boy is found in the trash. 
A facial imprint from a shroud that wrapped the body helps identify the victim as a suburban honor student.


	
Season 2, Episode 4: The Blonde in the Game
Serial killer Howard Epps returns as he reaches out from prison in a deadly game involving Bones and Booth.


	
Season 2, Episode 5: The Truth in the Lye
A body is found in a tub filled with lye at a construction site, and Booth reexamines his feelings for his son's mother after they have a fling.


	
Season 2, Episode 6: The Girl in Suite 2103
An explosion at a hotel has the team exploring drug cartel connections and struggling with diplomatic immunity.


	
Season 2, Episode 7: The Girl with the Curl
When a girl's body is identified as a missing pageant queen, the investigation focuses on her parents.


	
Season 2, Episode 8: The Woman in the Sand
A trip to Vegas to identify a body is complicated when a more recent body is found nearby.


	
Season 2, Episode 9: Aliens in a Spaceship
When Hodgins and Brennan are buried alive, it's a race against time and a kidnapper who doesn't negotiate.


	
Season 2, Episode 10: The Headless Witch in the Woods
The headless skeleton of a young man is found in a state forest. Brennan and Booth's investigation becomes entangled in 
the local legend of a woman who was decapitated as a witch in the 1780s and is said to still haunt the forest.


	
Season 2, Episode 11: Judas on a Pole
Booth and Bones investigate a murder that is connected to Bones' father. Meanwhile, after obtaining his doctorate, Zack gets a makeover to appear more professional.


	
Season 2, Episode 12: The Man in the Cell
After Howard Epps orchestrates an escape from his penitentiary, he starts picking off the Jeffersonian team one by one and taunting Brennan with clues to save them.


	
Season 2, Episode 13: The Girl in the Gator
While Brennan is paired up with another FBI agent to solve the murder of a co-ed found inside an alligator in the Everglades, 
Booth is sent to therapy after shooting a clown-shaped speaker on an ice cream truck.


	
Season 2, Episode 14: The Man in the Mansion
Hodgins' lapse in judgment may cause a murderer to be set free, Brennan explores the world of dating, and Booth continues his therapy.


	
Season 2, Episode 15: The Bodies in the Book
Just as Temperance is preparing to publicize her latest book, bodies start showing up that are eerily similar to the victims in her mystery novel.


	
Season 2, Episode 16: The Boneless Bride in the River
Bones is called back from vacation - several times - after a boneless body is found, and Sully has a proposition.


	
Season 2, Episode 17: The Priest in the Churchyard
When Booth and Brennan keep butting heads in a case involving a Catholic church, he convinces her to see Dr. Wyatt with him, and Hodgins suggest a change in his and Angela's relationship.


	
Season 2, Episode 18: The Killer in the Concrete
Booth's investigation into a presumed dead hit man turns quite dangerous, and Brennan ends up turning to an unlikely source for help.


	
Season 2, Episode 19: Spaceman in a Crater
Bones and her team must determine how a man was flattened in a pasture when his injuries don't coincide with the theory of the crime.


	
Season 2, Episode 20: The Glowing Bones in 'The Old Stone House'
Homeland security asks Bones to examine some remains, thinking they're radioactive, and although the site is cleared two questions remain: 
why was an up and coming chef murdered, and why are the bones still glowing?


	
Season 2, Episode 21: Stargazer in a Puddle
As the wedding approaches, the team investigates the life/death of a little girl. Bones's father shows up, with an heirloom and a message from her mother.





Deze serie wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
ga dan eens naar http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs