When this album came out in the late summer of 1978,
it was highly anticipated because P-Funk was selling
out concert arenas all over the country, as well as
saturating black radio with plenty of good-n-funky product!
There was "Flashlight" (Parliament), "Bootzilla"
(Bootsy's Rubberband), "Disco To Go" (The Brides Of
Funkenstein), all released earlier that year and all
were big hits! Then, the single for the title track
"One Nation Under A Groove" came out in June or July
of '78, and it was unlike anything that had ever been
heard up to that time! It was an immediate house party,
block party and skating rink / dance floor filler!
A bunch of lesser funk bands of the day tried to come
out with their own copycat spins on this song.
(The Barkays "Move Your Boogie Body", Raydio "Hot Stuff"
and "For Those Who Like To Groove", and Herbie Hancock's
"Ready Or Not" to name a few!)

The other highlights of this album were: "Groovalliegence",
"Who Says A Funk Band Can't Play Rock",
"Cholly (Funk Gettin' Ready To Roll!)" and
Michael "Kidd Funkadelic" Hampton's scorching live
rendition of the early Funkadelic psychedelic-rock
classic "Maggot Brain", which was first played by
the late great Eddie "Maggot Brain" Hazel in 1971,
and has since become as essential to rock guitarists
as "Stairway To Heaven", "Kashmir" or
"Runnin' With The Devil" is!

**Honorable Mention** goes to the song
"P.M.S.B.W.P.E. Squad (The D.D. Chasers)" (LOL!!)
I love the laid back funky acid rockish groove with
Garry Shider's soulful vocal adlibs in the backdrop,
completely juxtaposed against George Clinton's insane
call & response rant about the BS, mental gamesmenship,
phony & silly social conventions and other societal
restraints which Clinton puts (quite literally!)
into scat-a-logical terms! (-:
"Think!!--It Ain't Illegal Yet! " Indeed...

"Into You" is mellow funk that you just laid back,
fired up a jizzle and grooved to!
New-comers to the P-Funk, who think in linear and
logical terms will not understand Clinton's symbolisms
and seemingly nonsensical approach to lyric writing,
but there was definitely a message within all that madness!--
You just have to free your mind... and you know the rest! (-:
The groove is inevitable though!--If you can't feel it,
then check your local morgue, because you're probably dead! (-:
Enjoy the funk kidz! 

If you are a Funkadelic-Parliament-George Clinton fan check my list and bookmark it as I will be adding the whole collection in the .flac format so you get every sound.

Done in Flac to give you more of what you're funkin' for!!!

Enjoy and please seed.