NFL Week10 11-10-2011 Oakland Raiders at San Diego Chargers
			
HD source. To answer a few of the frequently asked questions I get:

All my public uploads can be found at http://thepiratebay.org/user/phatwarez/. The Pirate Bay is where I upload directly to. If you want to be notified about a future upload, you can find my RSS feed on TPB. The Pirate Bay is the only site I follow when monitoring my uploads, so if your wondering why I don't respond to comments on other sites, it's because I don't know about them. Reposting my uploads on other sites is done without my knowedge, so if you wish to contact me send me an email. That being said, I respond to ALL emails I get, so if you have a question, comment, or request you will get a reply. 

The timelyness and quality at which I upload games is primarily influenced by the resources and knowledge I have access to. I could theoretically upload all games in stunning 720p by Monday morning if I had unlimited money and a full time staff. Sadly, i'm just one person so what you see is my best effort. I always intend to create the best quality releases I can. Games are uploaded in the general chronological order at which they are played; For example 1pm games come first, then 4pm games, then SNF/MNF. If you wish to have a game uploaded sooner then others, request it in advance and i'll see what I can do.

If your having playback issues, know that I normally perform multiple quality assurance checks on games before uploading them. I'm well aware of stuttering/smoothness issues, and i'm constantly looking for ways to improve and bugfix my releases. I appreciate any constructive feedback my followers can give me. The software players I recommend to play games in are VLC, Media Player Classic, and MPlayer. I have no experience with other players or devices beyond those three, so I probably won't be much help if your experiencing problems with another playback device. 

My main goal is to bring quality original content to the mass. I am in competition with noone, and if you are or wish to upload games publicly, I would be more then happy to assist you. All my settings, techniques, methods, tweaks, and experience is available to anyone who wants it on request. If you enjoy these releases, please consider donating. Your contribution supports further quality releases. If you wish to donate, send me an email and i'll give you the details on where to send it.

File Size ------- 1.85hn
Length ---------- 2:24:47
Resolution ------ 976x544
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- aac
Frame Rate ------ 30

phatwarez@punchservers.com
Made Possible by Your Donations.