This is Aronra's excellent series "The Foundational Falsehoods of Creationism" in DVD form.  Just download and burn the file using a program such as IMGBurn and you have a DVD that will work in any DVD player.  Feel free make several copies and pass them around.  Help educate the world!  

This an excellent series of educational videos by Aronra.   In addition to providing a great deal of interesting information on evolution, these videos explore the various arguments used by creationists and the fallacies they contain..  

1st foundational falsehood of creationism:
evolution = atheism

2nd foundational falsehood of creationism:
Scriptures are the Word of God.

3rd foundational falsehood of creationism:
Human interpretation = absolute truth.

4th Foundational Falsehood of Creationism;
Belief = knowledge

5th foundational falsehood of creationism;
Evolution is a religious 'ism'.

6th foundational falsehood of Creationism:
Evolution must explain the origin of life, the universe, and everything.

7th foundational falsehood of Creationism:
Evolution is random.

8th foundational falsehood of creationism:
Mutations are rare and always harmful decreases in genetic information.

9th foundational falsehood of Creationism:
No transitional species have ever been found.

10th foundational falsehood of creationism;
The evolutionary tree of life is nowhere implied either in the fossil record, nor in biology.

11th foundational falsehood of creationism:
Macroevolution has never been observed.

12th foundational falsehood of Creationism:
Creationism is scientific.

13th foundational falsehood of creationism:
Evolution is a fraud!

14th foundational falsehood of creationism pt1:
Creation is evident

14th foundational falsehood of creationism pt2:
Creation is evident

15th foundational falsehood of creationism pt1:
Evolution has never been proved.  It is still just a theory, not a fact.

15th foundational falsehood of creationism pt2:
Evolution has never been proved.  It is still just a theory, not a fact.		