Please seed!

The Sound of Music
Rodgers and Hammerstein's The Sound of Music is a 1965 American musical film directed by Robert Wise and starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. The film is based on the Broadway musical The Sound of Music, with songs written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, and with the musical book written by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse. Ernest Lehman wrote the screenplay.
The musical originated with the book The Story of the Trapp Family Singers by Maria von Trapp. It contains many popular songs, including "Edelweiss", "My Favorite Things", "Climb Ev'ry Mountain", "Do-Re-Mi", "Sixteen Going on Seventeen", and "The Lonely Goatherd", as well as the title song.
The movie version was filmed on location in Salzburg, Austria and Bavaria in Southern Germany, and also at the 20th Century Fox Studios in California. It was photographed in 70mm Todd-AO by Ted D. McCord. It won a total of five Academy Awards including Best Picture in 1965 and is one of the most popular musicals ever produced. The cast album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
Adjusted for inflation, it made $1.046 billion domestically (at 2010 prices), putting it third on the list of all-time inflation-adjusted box office hits, behind Gone with the Wind and Star Wars.[3] In 2001, The United States Library of Congress selected the film for preservation in the National Film Registry as it was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sound_of_Music_(film)

Cast

Julie Andrews – Maria von Trapp	Christopher Plummer – Captain Georg von Trapp
 
Richard Haydn – Max Detweiler	Eleanor Parker – Baroness Elsa Schraeder
 
Charmian Carr – Liesl von Trapp	Nicholas Hammond – Fredrich von Trapp

Heather Menzies – Louisa von Trapp	Duane Chase – Kurt von Trapp

Angela Cartwright – Brigitta von Trapp

Debbie Turner – Marta von Trapp     Kym Karath – Gretl von Trapp	

Peggy Wood – Mother Abbess          Daniel Truhitte – Rolfe 


Various Artists - The Sound Of Music (Original Soundtrack)
RCA 2000, 
originally released 1965

01  Maria - Prelude And The Sound Of Music
02  Orchestra and Nuns Chorus - Overture and Preludium (Dixit Dominus)
03  Nuns Chorus - Morning Hymn and Alleluia
04  Nuns Chorus - Maria
05  Maria - I Have Confidence
06  Rolf and Liesl - Sixteen Going on Seventeen
07  Maria - My Favorite Things
08  Maria and the Children - Do-Re-Mi
09  The Children and the Captain - The Sound of Music
10  Maria and the Children - The Lonely Goatherd
11  The Children - So Long, Farewell
12  Mother Abbess - Climb Ev'ry Mountain
13  Maria and the Captain - Something Good
14  Organ, Orchestra and Nuns Chorus - Processional and Maria
15  The Captain, Maria, the Children and Chorus - Edelweiss
16  Chorus and Orchestra - Climb Ev'ry Moutain (Reprise)
 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-sound-of-music-original-soundtrack-r128703
