 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth





POtHS - The Blues - 06 - Cafe del Mar - 1995 thru 2011


 


POtHS - The Blues - 06 - Cafe del Mar - 1995 thru 2011



POtHS comment.


Cafe Del Mar Vol.   1 (1995) thru  Cafe Del Mar Vol. 17 (2010) 17 years

Cafe Del Mar - 20th Anniversary - (2000)
Cafe Del Mar - 25th Anniversary - (2005)
Cafe Del Mar - 30th Anniversary - (2010)
Cafe Del Mar - Aria - 1 thru 3
Cafe Del Mar - Buddha Cafe - (2011)
Cafe Del Mar - Chillhouse - 1 thru 4
Cafe Del Mar - Classics
Cafe Del Mar - Dreams - 1 thru 4
Cafe Del Mar - Retrospectives
Cafe Del Mar - Terrace Mix (2011)
Cafe Del Mar - The Best of
Cafe Del Mar - The Best of - UK Retail
Del Mar Cafe - Energy 52
Del Mar Cafe - Ibiza Lounge - Spirit Vol 1
Del Mar Cafe - Ibiza Sunset (2009)


As much a treasured part of Ibiza as Pacha, Privilege, or Las Salinas beach.

In spite of the rise of its brasher, newer neighbours, Mambo, Savannah, Kanya at al, the name on everybody\'s lips is still Café del Mar, which was built in 1980 and designed by well known Catalan architect Lluis Géell.


The idea is a simple one, you sit by the shores of the bay of Calo des Moro in San Antonio and admire the stunning sunsets to a backdrop of ambient and eclectic music provided by the DJ in the bar. The simplicity of the event and the pleasure one takes in the perfect combination of scenery, beautiful weather and the wonderfully chilled music, make every sunset a special one. Even now, after 10 years on the island, we are still awed by the silence which descends on the bar as the sun reluctantly gives up its last rays, before vanishing below the horizon.

One of the reasons for the amazing success of this bar are the excellent chillout albums which have been released annually since 1994, pioneering the chillout genre at the time of the first release. There have since been many imitators, but only one true Café del Mar...

You can order each of these albums online through Amazon. They make excellent presents and will grace any CD collection. We recommend mixing a jug of Sangría (red wine, slices of orange and lemon, a dash of sparkling wine, lots of ice and sugar to taste), putting on one of these CDs, closing your eyes and floating away...


The Entire Collection of POtHS can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn\'t PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

\"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

\"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                        Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                      Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                                Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    






   


       