Conscience and Courage - Eva Fogelman - Non-Jewish Holocaust Rescuers

1. URGENT, PLS, SEED, SEED, SEED ALL, ALL, ALL ...
UnviolentPeaceMaker's TPB uploads           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/UnviolentPeacemaker/ .  
SOON I MAY BE PREVENTED.  DO IT.  
KEEP THESE TORRENTS ALIVE.  Thanks.  All of them.

2. NOTE:  
A. High Quality ATT Voice.
B. Not an extremely clean scan, transcription.
... Dont like it?  
Dont download it.  Dont complain.  
Dont get in the way.

----------------
 
http://www.amazon.com/Conscience-Courage-Rescuers-During-Holocaust/dp/0385420285


'Moral rescuers were people who, when asked why they risked their lives to save Jews often answered, 'How else should one react when a human life is endangered?' Their concept of right and wrong was so much a part of who they were and are, that it was as if I had asked them why they breathed.'

-----------------

'Seven-year-old Helena (Stefania's sister) had grown quite adept at passing slips of paper through the barbed-wire fence unnoticed, but this time she was unlucky. A gang of teenage boys saw Helena take a note from inside the ghetto, and began to chase her.

Frightened, Helena started to run away. Although she could not read or write, Stefania had told her never to let anyone see the little pieces of paper she took from the ghetto. As she ran, she tore up her message and ate the pieces. When the boys caught up to her and found nothing in her hand or pockets, they beat and kicked her so badly she could barely make it home.

For four years after the war was over, Helena was mute. Now in her fifties, she still stutters. The need for secrecy had been impressed on her so deeply, and the trauma of discovery had been so shocking, she could not escape from her habit of silence.' 

-----------------

'Singly and in groups, they saw a need, found an opportunity, and acted. When a stranger knocked on the door of her home in theFrench village of Le Chambon-sur-Lignon, Magda Trocmé’s response was reflexive. This pastor’s wife listened to a bedraggled stranger ex plain that she was in danger. She was a German Jew coming from northern France, and had no place to go. Could she come in? “Naturally, come in, come in,' was Trocmé’s unhesitating reply.' 