GERRY MULLIGAN QUARTET DRAGONFLY
Label: Telarc
Recorded: May 30-31 and April 12-13, 1995
CD Released: 2008
Format:Mp3@320


On what was probably Gerry Mulligan's last studio album (recorded less than a year before his death), the great baritonist is heard still in prime form. He contributed all ten compositions and the emphasis is on lyricism and slower tempoes; only three songs are taken above a medium pace. There are fine cameos by Grover Washington Jr. on tenor and soprano (during the first two numbers), cornetist Warren Vache and trumpeter Ryan Kisor. In addition, guitarist John Scofield and vibraphonist Dave Samuels (who both played with Jeru in the 1970's) are on many of the tracks and pianist Dave Grusin is on some although there is no identification as to which songs. A five-piece brass section was overdubbed on a later occasion. But even with the guests, the focus is generally on Gerry Mulligan and his longtime quartet. The music is thoughtful and tasteful although it is doubtful if any of the tunes will ever catch on as standards. This is a tasteful if not quite essential final effort by Mulligan, who seems to have ended his very important career quite peacefully. ~ Scott Yanow

Liner Notes:

THE PLOT - Take a batch of brand new tunes. (I'm never quite sure what to call a melody that's been worked on and that is in some sort of completed form. If there are words then it is probably a song. Composition implies something more complex. In any case, for our purposes here, we'll call them tunes.)
At this point the tunes are in various stages of completion, and it's time for players input - keys, tempos, grooves, etc.
THE PLAYERS - Call up several good friends, old and new, who just happen to be among the greatest jazz musicians in the world and send them copies of the tunes.
When Dave Grusin plays my tunes I always learn something new, so for me, it's a luxury to have him on this (or any other) album! The fact that both Dave and Grover Washington were only available on the same day out of the whole year was so obviously a good omen that I felt as if the album was already half finished!
John Scofield and Dave Samuels played with me in a sextet in the seventies. Some of their solo interplay on this recording, especially "Backstage" and "Little Glory" is exquisite, and with the addition of Warren Vache to this group I fulfilled a dream I've had since the '70s. Warren, in my opinion, is the best cornet player anywhere. When Ted Rosenthal joins in, it's as if four people are negotiating the same tightrope.
Last summer I was commissioned to compose a piece for Art Farmer that was played at Lincoln Center on one of their jazz nights as a tribute to Art. Ted Rosenthal suggested the trumpet player Ryan Kisor to play the piece. Ryan was very enthusiastic and came in loaded for bear and with obvious great respect for Art and for Art's playing.
THE PERFORMANCE - I could see from the way the schedule was evolving, I would need help to have the actual transposed and copied parts ready when we needed them. Mike Mossman and Slide Hampton were my angels in disguise.
I knew I'd be on a tour in Europe with my Quartet, along with Dave Brubeck's Quartet, and there would be little writing time on the road - I was right! I've never been one to get much writing done while traveling, but on this trip we were having entirely too much fun...
By the time we got back to New York everything was ready to go for the last series of dates. Slide had his orchestrations all done, and I still had enough time to finish up my charts.
Dean, Ron, and Ted have been with me as the other three-fourths of the Gerry Mulligan Quartet for years and years. In fact we had a dinner party in Oslo, Norway to celebrate Dean's tenth anniversary! A big coincidence is that we were playing the same hall as on Dean's first night ten years ago.
Franca is my indispensable third ear, all the way through, as always.
-Gerry Mulligan
 
Tracklist
1.Dragonfly 
2.Brother Blues 
3.Anthem
4.Backstage
5.Little Glory
6.Art Of Trumpet
7.Listening to Astor
8.Ninth Life
9.Underneath A Pale Blue Moonlight
10.Oh, Mr. Sauter? Yes, Mr. Finegan?


Gerry Mulligan Quartet: Gerry Mulligan (baritone saxophone); Ted Rosenthal, Bill Mays (piano); Dean Johnson (bass); Ron Vincent (drums).

Personnel: Gerry Mulligan (baritone saxophone); John Scofield (guitar); Grover Washington, Jr. (soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone); Ryan Kisor (trumpet); Warren Vaché (cornet); Dave Grusin, Ted Rosenthal (piano); Dave Samuels (vibraphone); Ron Vincent (drums).