 http://bayimg.com/BaKkgaadJ

Don't Say a Word (2001) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0260866/

Don't Say a Word is a 2001 psychological thriller film starring Michael Douglas, Brittany Murphy and Sean Bean based on the novel of the same title by Andrew Klavan. Don't Say a Word was directed by Gary Fleder and written by Anthony Peckham and Patrick Smith Kelly.

Michael Douglas as Dr. Nathan R. Conrad 
Brittany Murphy as Elisabeth Burrows 
Sean Bean as Patrick Koster 
Skye McCole Bartusiak as Jessie Conrad 
Guy Torry as Dolen 
Jennifer Esposito as Det. Sandra Cassidy 
Shawn Doyle as Russel Maddox 
Victor Argo as Sydney Simon 
Conrad Goode as Max Dunlevy 
Paul Schulze as Jake 
Lance Reddick as Arnie 
Famke Janssen as Agatha "Aggie" Conrad 
Oliver Platt as Dr. Louis Sachs 
Aidan Devine as Leon Edward Croft 
Alex Campbell as Jonathan 

Much of the filming was, for cost reasons, undertaken in Canada. The Canal Street subway station was actually filmed in a set constructed in Toronto's unused Lower Bay subway station, with columns, beams, mosaics and dressing covering all the existing surfaces. The Toronto Transit Commission was so impressed with the work of American production designer Nelson Coates' conversion to the New York subway that it requested the set to be left up after filming was completed to attract future filming revenue; however, fire inspectors deemed its long term installation hazardous, so it was taken down three weeks later.

The final scenes of the film, which are set in Potter's Field on Hart Island and located east of Manhattan in the Long Island Sound, were filmed indoors in an enormous warehouse, with more than 4,000 tons of earth, 38 mature trees, 180,000 leaves, three buildings and 126 graves, as well as a collapsing 50'x10'x8' grave trench. Unlike the movie version, the real Hart Island Potter's Field has no individual grave markers. An air conditioning system and misting machines were installed to create visible breath.

Surveillance and technology feature heavily in the film, so much so that in characterization the shot of Bean speaking to Douglas and Janssen on the cell phone was real. In one scene, Janssen's character plays with a Game Boy, a skill taught to her by Skye McCole Bartusiak.

