Foryoursoft HyperCalendar Pro 3.28

A full-featured Personal Information Manager (PIM) that combines a desktop calendar and scheduling program with multimedia reminders, an analog clock display, sound recorder, and an encrypted diary in rich-text format.

Hypercalendar is a powerful Personal Information Manager which combines a transparent desktop calendar, multimedia reminder, analog clock, encrypted multimedia rich text diary and voice diary

TopCalendar
A transparent calendar, analog clock and reminder. It can stay on your desktop or set to be topmost above all windows. Its size, position, look and fell, also the transparency can be adjusted easily.

Multimedia reminder
The reminder supports playing varies of media files such as mp3, wmv, avi, asf, mpeg, flash and etc., when it pops up, the selected media will be played automatically. It also supports recurrence features, you can specify a reminder to recur everyday, every weekday, every weekend day, to repeat every week, month, two months, or every year. You can copy a reminder from one day to another as well.

Multimedia diary
Write your diary in richtext, insert pictures (jpg,gif,ico,bmp,wmf), attach any files, even record your voice* in the diary. All the diaries are encrypted by IDEA arithmetic, and encoded with your password, it's to keep your personal information here.

Powerful search engine
HyperCalendar has an excellent search engine, you can search a keyword in all your diaries and reminders. The result will be shown in a list, you can browse the diaries or reminders which include the keyword in the result list. It also has a search result summary, which will gather all the diaries contains that keyword, and show them in one place.

Import/export and print
You can easily select to export a diary to RTF file or import a RTF to your diary. Also, you can pint out the content of your reminders or diaries.

Personalized holidays
The holidays displayed on your calendar will be displayed in bold font. You may download every year's holidays from foryoursoft.com (click the button "Synchronize holidays"), and even edit the holidays by yourself freely (edit the holiday bin files use notepad).

Customizable date format
The display date can be set as mm-dd-yyyy, dd-mm-yyyy, or yyyy-mm-dd. Also, the start day of week can be set to be Sunday or Monday.

15 Color themes
HyperCalendar has a wonderful graphic user interface, you may pick up one from up to 15 color themes.

Home Page - http://www.foryoursoft.com/

