This ISO covers it all!! Videos Like Loose Change 911, Freedom_to_Fascism, documents like Knots and How to Tie Them, TM 31-210 Improvised Munitions Handbook. Please SEED, Burn, and distribute folks!





If you are receiving this, you are the resistance. This is not a game. 

WWIII has begun. I'm not here to take sides right now as there is no time for that. Wikileaks.ch continues to release countless videos, documents, and proof of global corruption on ALL of Earths leaders. While NOTHING has happened to the criminals that are continuing to put you and I in the crosshairs of our bold enemies, a group of wild and loose activists and hackers called Anonymous stopped Visa, PayPal, MasterCard, and many others earlier this year for attacking Wikileaks.

Anonymous also published somewhere between 44,000 and 60,000 emails between HBGary and its corporate/government customers. 

It seems HBGary was working with Bank of America on a plan to take down Wikileaks –- and, strangely, CNN and Salon commentator Glenn Greenwald, whom it deemed instrumental to Wikileaks' continued existence, along with other journalists. The Whitehouse snuffing Americans? Yes.

Mr. Obama told BofA to talk to legal team Hunton & Williams, Hunton & Williams said talk to HBGary since they make software for the Pentagon like the stuxnet virus....!! They used data-gathering firms Palantir and Berico, and consultants Booz Allen Hamilton. Wikileaks published the slides made for BofA. File found in Readables “Wikileaks Threat by HBGary”. 

Quoting slide 5:
Mr. Greenwald  ..."was critical in the Amazon to OVH transition. It is this level of support that needs to be disrupted. These are established professionals that have a liberal bent, but ultimately if pushed most of them choose professional preservation over cause, such is the mentality of most business professionals. Without the support of people like Glenn, Wikileaks would fold."

What do you suppose they meant by "pushed"? Anyone can become their next target, just for doing their(ed.)job. 

This presentation suggests strategies like sowing dissension within the Wikileaks, disinformation (submitting false documents to Wikileaks in order to discredit it), cyber attacks against service providers, a media smear campaign, and "using social media to profile and identify risky behavior of employees." 

I personally find myself constitutional; there is no left, there is no right. There is only good and bad. The war criminals in Washington District of Criminals need to be removed before the homeland starts to look like these US puppet states: Italy, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Greece, Afghanistan, Oman, Mexico, Tunisia, Yemen, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Sudan, Somalia, Kosovo, either one of the Koreas, Iran, China, and Iraq. Their peoples are awakening. Civilians are being murdered by their governments while burying the dead. Deemed a threat because they want basic constitutional rights most Americans sadly don’t comprehend. 

If life were easy everyone would just do good, there would be no crime. But the right things are difficult, and war isn’t any better. There is crime, famine, war, death, confusion, and it’s not going away without you. If it seems like things are going to get harder, your right; and you’re going in the right direction. Do the right thing and run with it. Motivate others around you. Make it personal, make it yours.
IF you think everything is okay, I hope you keep good canned food because there are people getting shot in the streets. we are anonymous. we are legion. we do not forgive. we do not forget. expect us. If you are reading this, you are Anonymous. Good Luck. V 4 VICTORY