Bobby had just done a Eulogy for Martin Luther King in Illinois in April, I believe. In that town that night there was no violence. And that was the result of the power of words, and more than words, compassion and caring so eloquently displayed in Bobby Kennedy's honesty and caring, that even a seven year old boy was aware of in the eyes of Bobby Kennedy.

The line about three more days...was in reference to the fact that Bobby live I think three more days. And it may have been on Friday or after that his body was transferred across country to be beside his brother at Arlington, a place for heros.

The night Martin Luther King was killed, Bobby opened a speech on the campaign trail in which he said....Please understand I too lost a family member.

And I have just copied it from a site to post here in its entirety:

Ladies and Gentlemen,

I'm only going to talk to you just for a minute or so this evening, because I have some -- some very sad news for all of you -- Could you lower those signs, please? -- I have some very sad news for all of you, and, I think, sad news for all of our fellow citizens, and people who love peace all over the world; and that is that Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight in Memphis, Tennessee.

Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between fellow human beings. He died in the cause of that effort. In this difficult day, in this difficult time for the United States, it's perhaps well to ask what kind of a nation we are and what direction we want to move in. For those of you who are black -- considering the evidence evidently is that there were white people who were responsible -- you can be filled with bitterness, and with hatred, and a desire for revenge.

We can move in that direction as a country, in greater polarization -- black people amongst blacks, and white amongst whites, filled with hatred toward one another. Or we can make an effort, as Martin Luther King did, to understand, and to comprehend, and replace that violence, that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land, with an effort to understand, compassion, and love.

For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with -- be filled with hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act, against all white people, I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling. I had a member of my family killed, but he was killed by a white man.

But we have to make an effort in the United States. We have to make an effort to understand, to get beyond, or go beyond these rather difficult times.

My favorite poem, my -- my favorite poet was Aeschylus. And he once wrote:

    Even in our sleep, pain which cannot forget
    falls drop by drop upon the heart,
    until, in our own despair,
    against our will,
    comes wisdom
    through the awful grace of God.

What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love, and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or whether they be black.

So I ask you tonight to return home, to say a prayer for the family of Martin Luther King -- yeah, it's true -- but more importantly to say a prayer for our own country, which all of us love -- a prayer for understanding and that compassion of which I spoke.

We can do well in this country. We will have difficult times. We've had difficult times in the past, but we -- and we will have difficult times in the future. It is not the end of violence; it is not the end of lawlessness; and it's not the end of disorder.

But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black people in this country want to live together, want to improve the quality of our life, and want justice for all human beings that abide in our land.

And let's dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world. Let us dedicate ourselves to that, and say a prayer for our country and for our people.

Thank you very much.


And as unusual as this seems...if the things about Eddie are true...and Jane Mansfield....and Scoop Jackson...I may very well have been there with my father in LA...and this may be the most serious reason in the reluctance to acknowledge what I say in these things to continue to assure my fathers anonymity.

 I have felt I was there. I just had no confidence in it at all. It is something that for some reason has bothered me deeply all my life.

My father was friends with Scoop Jackson. I have a letter or two on Senate Paper my mom gave me from Jackson to my father in thanking him for a political party my father organized. We lived in Washington which I believe was the primary before California or on the same day.

To go to California to the Convention would not have been that unusual.


Sheen's brother Esitves filmed the story of Bobby's assassination in the old hotel...the Ambassador, as also the Red Hot Chili Peppers filmed a video there a while before the Ambassador was raised.

Chili Peppers song was Fortune Faded:

I will link it here soon.

They say in Chess you have to kill the Queen and then you've made it.
A funny thing the King who gets himself assassinated.
Every time I lose...altitude (?)
You took a town by storm.
The mess you made was nominated.
Now put away your welcome,
soon you find you've overstayed it.

So divine...all the way my fortune faded.
Never mind...the consciousnesses of the crime this time
my fortunes faded.

The medicated state of Mind of you found was overrated...
You saw it all come down..and now its time to imitate it.

Come on God...Do I seem Bullet Proof.



Portie was in the Estiveses movie and at the end of the movie they showed scrawled on a wall the Title of the Book my sister gave me to read when I was actually around fifteen....the Once and Future King.

I have no doubt we went there now....I went my mother's room...I did not say my parents bedroom, and one of my therapist comments years ago was the line in which state "Break is thumb". She just wasn't common knowledge.

Warren Betty was on Bobby's campaign and stuff.

He was involved in Bobby's Campaign as was a football player...a big guy that knitted? and became a minister...this man...the football player was in the kitchen (?) and put a newspaper or towels beneath Bobby's head...the line Contortion's Changing the Eyes...but the sea never changes...never dies...

We went to an island of LA that trip...there is at least on picture of a beach there in my collection. Catalina

The football player...rosie?


And the concern has always been that the LA.... was a concern about the local police who brought Bobby through the kitchen which was not planned. And out of view.

And there was many others hurt from shots during the struggle.

And Bobby's first response after they placed the towel beneath his ...Rose O Grear.....


And Bobby's first words were if anyone else was hurt.

*******

My sister told me herself my father was asked to spy on NASA. I once had my fathers NASA card...after it was taken...I started being a little more attentive.

I once asked my dad if he ever did work for the CIA. He said no. He did say they asked him to front a company in Virginia for the CIA which would produce eavesdropping devices in the sixties and he said that he declined because of his concern with the legality.



Again I have no doubt in these things. You are welcome to however.

And I have again no reason to second guess myself in discussing these here, anymore. This is not a world I would want to live in that would continue to forever hide these things.

These should not go away. Ever. Please. 