Official Web Site:  http://anime.smithmicro.com/anime-pro.html

Anime Studio Pro is perfect for professionals looking for a more efficient alternative to tedious frame-by-frame animation. With an intuitive interface, a visual content library and powerful features such as a bone rigging system, automatic image tracing, integrated lip-synching, 3D shape design, physics, motion tracking, a character wizard and more, Anime Studio Pro delivers advanced animation tools to speed up your workflow.

Features:

* Automatic Image Tracing in Anime Studio Pro 8 speeds up production
  by automatically converting existing artwork and sketches to fully
  editable vector drawings.

* With powerful, vector-based drawing tools and the ability to import
  scanned drawings and images, you can quickly create your own
  characters and objects in Anime Studio Pro 8.

* The revolutionary bone-rigging system provides a fast and efficient
  alternative to tedious frame-by-frame animation. Add a skeleton to any
  image by pointing and clicking—then bring it to life while keeping your
  project organized with the sequencer and timeline.

* The built-in Character Wizard is the ideal tool for anyone working on
  concepts or looking for a fast alternative to drawing and rigging each
  character from scratch.

* Global Rendering Styles in Anime Studio Pro 8 let you change the
  overall design of your animation by simply adjusting a couple of
  settings.

* The Photoshop document import with support for layers speeds up
  your workflow

* Real Time Media Connection automatically updates image, movie and
  audio files in your imported Anime Studio files when edited in an
  external program, allowing you to make the necessary changes on the
  fly.

* Anime Studio Pro 8 enables you to create your own 3D objects by
  converting your 2D vector layers into 3D Objects, and simulated
  physics allows you to automate parts of your animations. Import your
  Poser scenes and combine 2D and 3D animation.

* Record your own sound clips right within Anime Studio and sync them
  to your animated characters using the built-in lip synching functionality.

* Choose from a library of ready-to-use characters, props, scenes, stock
  audio and video clips, scatter brushes and more to get you animating
  quickly in Anime Studio.

* Output video and animation of unlimited length to formats including
  NTSC/PAL D1/DV Standard and Widescreen; iPhone, iPad and Droid;
  HDV and HDTV 780p and 1080p; AVI, MOV, Flash and more

* Anime Studio Pro 8 provides a powerful and productive animation
  environment that minimizes production time and increases your
  productivity.

 * Compatible with Mac and Windows.

What's New
Anime Studio Pro 8.0.1 includes fixes to the Library window, mouse focus, problems remembering window locations, stroke construction when welding curves closed, some layer masking issues, auto-save issues that cause bone rigs to occasionally reset themselves. As well, shortcut keys were added to jump to the next/previous keyframe and bone translation is now allowed in user-created character wizard actions. NOTE: This updater overwrites your existing Anime Studio 8.0 installation. You may be asked to enter your serial number again after installing version 8.0.1. Please follow the instructions in the supplied Read Me text file.


System Requirements:

PPC or Intel Mac,  OS X.5 or higher
OS X Lion Compatible
PowerPC G4/G5 Processor: 500MHz or above (Intel recommended).
Adobe® Flash® Player 9 or newer (embedded library).
Poser® 7 or later needed to import Poser scenes.

--- PLEASE SEED ---

