TTC 

Transformational Leadership: How Leaders Change Teams, Companies, and Organizations
Taught By Professor Michael A. Roberto, D.B.A., Harvard Business School,
Bryant University



Transformational Leadership: How Leaders Change Teams, Companies, and Organizations is your essential handbook for strategies, concepts, and insights into the dynamics of transformational leadership. Delivered by award-winning Professor Michael A. Roberto of Bryant University—a Harvard Business School–educated instructor who has spent years as a leadership consultant and teacher for Fortune 500 companies, including Apple, Target, and Federal Express—these 24 lectures are an in-depth examination of the leadership behaviors and capabilities essential to creating positive change in teams and organizations. Filled with case studies and lessons from leaders in business, politics, sports, and the military, as well as a range of specific skills and strategies you can put to use in your own career, this course is an authoritative guide to successful leadership.

Discover the Four Key Modules of Great Leadership

Unlike management, which focuses on achieving consistent and reliable results, transformational leadership focuses on producing change—sometimes very substantial or even radical change. In Transformational Leadership, Professor Roberto defines effective leadership as consisting of three fundamental processes.

Establishing direction: Great leaders not only cultivate attractive and profitable visions for the future of teams, companies, and organizations, they develop solid strategies for achieving goals and results.
Aligning people: Great leaders have the ability to bring different groups together for a shared purpose by communicating the direction, building a shared sense of understanding, getting people to believe in their vision, and persuading people to enact key strategies.
Motivating and inspiring others: Great leaders surmount potential roadblocks on the path to change by energizing people and satisfying their core needs, including achievement, belonging, recognition, self-esteem, and a desire for control over their lives.