From BBC Radio 4. Written by Caroline and David Stafford; Full-cast dramatisations.

The casebook of Norman Birkett KC (1883-1962) covers pretty much every story that entertained the readers of News of the World between the wars. Birkett was a busy man who, in those days before legal specialisation, could at any one time be dealing simultaneously with a juicy murder, a society divorce or a livid libel action.

Birkett and the Blind Soldier

A blind WW1 veteran, accused of murdering his wife, is defended by Norman Birkett, the most celebrated advocate of the inter-war years.

Norman Birkett.....Neil Dudgeon
Billie.....Bonnie Engstrom
Edgar.....Alun Raglan
Lady Pearson.....Adjoa Andoh
Arthur.....Carl Prekopp
MacCormac.....Paul Moriarty
Frazer/Warder.....Adam Billington
Humphreys.....James Lailey
Sgt Waller.....Gerard McDermott
Randall/Clerk..... Rikki Lawton
Grace/Margaret.....Alex Rivers
Woman.....Victoria Inez Hardy

Birkett and the Green Bicycle

A story of murder, pacifism and chocolate taken from the casebook of Norman Birkett, the most celebrated advocate of the inter-war years.

Norman Birkett...Neil Dudgeon
Billie...Bonnie Engstrom
Edgar...Alun Raglan
Sir Edward...Nicholas Jones
Cadbury...James Lailey
Cox/Enoch...Adam Billington
Judge...Gerard McDermott
Lily/Muriel...Francine Chamberlain
Ronald...Christopher Webster
Graham...Simon Bubb

Birkett and the Red Stains on the Carpet

Norman Birkett, the most celebrated advocate of the inter-war years, defends a doctor accused of murdering and dismembering his wife and maid.

Norman Birkett.....Neil Dudgeon
Billie.....Bonnie Engstrom
Edgar.....Alun Raglan
Jackson.....Adam Billington
Buck Ruxton.....Sagar Arya
Shaw.....Gerard McDermott
Glaister.....James Lailey
Bennett.....Rikki Lawton
Alfred.....Christopher Webster
Susan/Gracie.....Victoria Inez Hardy
Mary.....Alex Rivers

Birkett and the Naked Toreador

Blackmail, snobbery, scandal and bullfighting. Norman Birkett, the most celebrated advocate of the inter-war years, takes on his most famous case.

Norman Birkett.....Neil Dudgeon
Billie.....Bonnie Engstrom
Edgar.....Alun Raglan
Lady Caernarvon.....Joanna Monro
Sir Edward.....Nicholas Jones
Dennistoun.....Carl Prekopp
Mlle Cina.....Victoria Inez Hardy
Dorothy.....Adjoa Andoh