Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                  POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 46 - How Weed Won The West - A Little Premature, but possible.

California voted for legalization Last November. We do have  Medical Marijauna Licensing State wide making possible for anyone to legally Medicate them selves. BiG PHarmaCY hates it. Harvard Univeristy Declared that marijaune reduces LUNG CANCER.  GOOGLE IT!!!

Northern California where the World's finest Herb is grown voted (narrowly) in favor of The Legalization while the Larger Los Angeles Voter Base (white powder users) voted in large enough amounts to Defeat the First Public Vote on The Legalization of Marijauna, A substance given to Man, In the first Chapter of The Bibles, Genesis 1:29. Smoking Pot is a sin? NOT. Drinking Wine a Sin? Nope. It's in The Bible, The Divine Word of God!!!  I actually registered to vote for the first time in 30 years. This was the First The People were actually getting to Vote on Something important. I voted "ONCE" in the seventies. Only took ONE time to figure out that the system is rigged and does NOT work for the People that voted them in and sign their paychecks. Votem "ALL" out. New blood please!!!

GENESIS 1:29
29  And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

Did you know that there are 23 different trees listed in the Bible? Did you know that when this text is written in Hebrew, all 23 trees are spelled with ELS in that 1 sentence. Google: equal distance letter sequence. For a better explanation than I care give. (Eg. Write down every 7th letter to make a word.)This happens only in The original Hebrew Torah.- Old Testament.   If just one letter in The Scriptures was changed this phenomena would not happen. There are thousands of Hidden Codes in The Bible. Google: Bible Codes, for more info.



These Torrents are on 2 Free Leech High Speed Servers



More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.

Check Out POtHS 3 - Conspiracy FACTS - Have 93 parts to date. There will be more as WE are in the Middle of a WAR. The information we receive on the TV are all lies, it is a controlled media source that has nothing GOOD for you in it's programming. We have been scientifically "brain washed." Every advertising campaign you see is designed to deceive you.


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below [/size]
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                                                               POtHS
                                                                      Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS



            thankyou    thankyou    thankyou Thank You JESUS   