I have been a Deep Purple fanatic since 1972 with the releases of "Machine Head" and "Made In Japan." I have seen them in concert twice, once with Ritchie Blackmore and Ian Gillan and once with Tommy Bolin and David Coverdale (@ Radio City Music Hall, of all places.) I guess I am telling you all this in order to share my credentials. I'm journalist, collector, musician and rock trivia buff. And I know a thing or two about this band.
I have always felt (and still do) that Deep Purple was and still is one of the greatest rock bands ever, and the fact they aren't in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame is scandalous at best. They have had a career that has spanned five decades and produced some of the genre's most classic songs, both enduring and endearing.That's why I am absolutely over the moon about this album. In my mind, "Purpendicular" the best thing they've done since "Burn," and the best Gillan-led set since "Who Do We Think We Are!"
You have to give Ritchie Blackmore credit. He always knows when to leave. (He did it first in 1975, only to be replaced by Tommy Bolin - which resulted in "Come Taste The Band," again, one of the best outings in the DP canon.) I thought the wholly forgettable albums the band released with Blackmore at the helm in the late '80s and early '90s would surely be the death knell for this once great ensemble. But off went Ritchie once again - in the middle of a tour no less - and the band was left to ponder its future. Deep Purple soon discovered its future in the elegant, yet incendiary acrobatic guitar riffs of Steve Morse - late of the rock/jazz fusion band Dixie Dreggs. (Weirdly enough, Morse also slummed briefly in a tenure with Kansas.)
While Morse's style is obviously different than Blackmore's, the album remains distinctly Deep Purple in both sound and attitude. (Morse is more fluid and improvisational, while Blackmore's influences come largely from classical music, giving his solos are more rigid, rehearsed sound ... not that they weren't blistering and, at times, breathtaking - ie. "Highway Star.")
The CD kicks off with the catchy and amusing "Ted the Mechanic" - a crunchy, rollicking song that owes a nod to some of the hair band metal from the '80s. The third track, "Soon Forgotten," is one of the oddest, most disturbing songs I've heard in a while. It's not the lyrical content that does it (it hardly ever is with Purple!), but it's the odd syncopation of the guitar and keyboard and Gillan's strange intonation as he sings. I hear a touch of Black Sabbath here.
One personal favorite track from "Purpendicular" is the shimmering "Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming." It opens with some beautiful acoustic guitar picking (and yeah, when was the last time you heard an acoustic guitar on a Deep Purple song? Huh? Huh? I thought so! This is yet another dimension Morse brings to the band!) Ian Gillan's restrained, lilting vocal passage soon gives way to a head-on crash chorus that is highlighted by a gorgeous Steve Morse guitar signature that gets repeated throughout the song. Though I can't even imagine Blackmore coming up with something like this, the song remains undeniably Deep Purple.
Much has been mention in these reviews about "The Aviator," another song with not only acoustic guitar, but mandolin as well. It's catchy, touching, has lyrics one can actually understand and sing along to - and you'll want to - and a big fat accessible chorus. Gillan does an impressive Ian Anderson impersonation here and the whole thing smacks of early Jethro Tull with a twist. It's really cool... a delight!
"Rosa's Cantina's" - another highlight - is a thundering bluesy shuffle feature Gillan blowing some smokin' harmonica. Deep Purple you can dance to? Sure, why not!? It's down and dirty and just waiting for you to join in.
Deep Purple's lead vocalists (all three) have never been noted for their lyric-writing ability, but Gillan takes it up a notch on several outings here, most notably "A Castle Full of Rascals," a scathing attack on politicians, corporate execs and other fat cats. Nice to see the boys write about something else other than hookers and fast cars, eh?
Finally, there is a hidden track at the end of the CD... so let it play out. It's called (I think), "Don't Hold Your Breath," and ironically is one of the best tunes on the record. It's a fun, rockin' rave-up with a great catchy chorus that would have no trouble finding radio airtime as long as it was during an era when the airwaves weren't being marketed toward 8-year old girls and 14-year old boys. (I bet it would sound awesome live, as well.)
Overall, the band has never sounded as tight or as fresh as they do on "Purpendicular." I believe the addition of Morse re-vitalized Jon Lord, Ian Paice, Roger Glover and Gillan. In fact, Gillan sings with maturity, restraint and nuance throughout the album. His screaming gymnastics are kept to a minimum, thus making them more interesting (and apropos) when they do appear.
If you are a true Deep Purple fan, you are gonna love this record. If you are fan of hard, guitar-based rock, you are gonna love this record. If you've been away from Deep Purple for a while because you haven't liked what they'd been doing of late - you are in a for a big treat!
It's good to know that these guys at my age are stilling doing as good, if not better, then they were 30 years ago. If that's not something to smile about, I don't know what is!

by Robert Dumas

TRACKLIST:

01 - Vavoom Ted The Mechanic.wma                                 
02 - Loosen My Strings.wma                                       
03 - Soon Forgotten.wma                                          
04 - Sometimes I Feel Like Screaming.wma                         
05 - Cascades - I'm Not Your Lover.wma                           
06 - The Aviator.wma                                             
07 - Rosa's Cantina.wma                                          
08 - A Castle Full Of Rascals.wma                                
09 - A Touch Away.wma                                            
10 - Hey Cisco.wma                                               
11 - Somebody Stole My Guitar.wma                                
12 - The Purpendicular Waltz.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!