E X T R A O R D i N A R Y  r E V E R S E  E N G i N E E R i N G  S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0SiLK

Reaching for
perfection...

Release Information

-Release Name    : Open DVD Ripper
-Release Version : v2.10.435
-Release Group  : ErES
-Release Type    : Cracked
-Operating System: Windows
-Release Date    : 09/06/11
-Filename        : dr210
-Disk(s)        : 03 disk(s)

Release Description

Open DVD ripper 2 is one of the most powerful and robust DVD
ripping tools in today's market for its versatile functions
and perfect output quality. This DVD ripping tool can convert
your DVD movies to various video and audio formats for you
freely watching on currently popular portable media devices
such as iPod, iPhone, iPhone 3GS, iPhone4, iPad1, iPad2,
AppleTV, PSP, PS3, XBOX360, Zune, Mobile Phone, GPhone, Smart
Phone, PMP, Pocket PC, PDA, BlackBerry, iRiver, Windows
Mobile Phone, etc and various other mobile phones. Open DVD
ripper 2 is a smart ripping tool which allows you to save
your desired clips from the source DVD, omit the unnecessary
sections of the screen such as black margins and put some
interesting or significant watermarks from hard drive into
the video. It also allows making some settings such as
brightness, contrast, saturation and ripping subtitles to
satisfy different needs of different people.

Installation Instructions

Install
Copy cracked exe to install directory
Enjoy

If you like this software, buy it

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over two and a half
years since ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've
produced many quality releases because of our attitude not only as a
group -- but as individuals each member of the group has shown
respect and friendship and in return offers loyalty that could only be
found when part of a tight-knit family. We are not a release
machine and never intend to be. We have a relaxed, yet hard-working
attitude towards producing releases and you can see this through all
of our current (and future) releases.

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems
Skilled coders
Quality suppliers
Good 100Mbit EU & Asia Sites to affil with
Anything else you think we might like

e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0SiLK    updated:............16.04.2010