The Encounter (Christian Movie)

The Encounter is an inspirational and intriguing faith-filled family drama about 5 people who are brought faced to face with Jesus and encouraged to examine the true condition of their lives.

Stranded in the middle of nowhere five strangers find themselves marooned in a deserted roadside diner. An arrogant businessman (Steve Borden), a lonely single woman (Jaci Velazquez), a couple on the verge of divorce, and a youthful runaway all come face to face with a diner owner who serves them more than temporal nourishment. This genial host is a certain Nazarene (Bruce Marchiano), who knows all of their secrets and possesses the answers to all of their problems – if only they would trust him. It is a miraculous Encounter that will leave them all changed. 

The movie deals with how God sometimes allows negative things to happen to good people. It is a very thought provoking movie and a great illustration of how Christ still loves the sinner but hates his sin and gets people back on the right track, if they have faith and just listen to him. The movie is on similar lines to "The Perfect Stranger" and if you liked that movie, you will definitely like this one. 

Runtime: 91 mins
Language: English
Year: 2010
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 
Format: avi format 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic isn't it?
Please buy the movies to keep Christian films in business.

2. Please seed the movies for as long as possible. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families. Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in
Kindly mention the subject as Christian Movies or something similar. 

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian
