This is a Release of Red Riding Hood (2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at:1.36GB
This Release contains:
- Red Riding Hood (2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-Deleted Scenes
-Red Riding Hood FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS
That’s the WHOLE Red Riding Hood DVD ripped for YOU TO ENJOY with ALL THE EXTRAS! Please seed! Cheers, vladtepes3176

PLOT: Red Riding Hood is an American horror film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and starring Amanda Seyfried as the title role, from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson.[3] It is very loosely based on the folk tale Little Red Riding Hood. Valerie (Seyfried) is a beautiful young woman torn between two men. She is in love with a brooding outsider, Peter (Fernandez), but her parents have arranged for her to marry the wealthy Henry (Irons). Unwilling to lose each other, Valerie and Peter are planning to run away together when they learn that Valerie's older sister has been killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village. For years, the people have maintained an uneasy truce with the beast, offering the creature a monthly animal sacrifice. But under a blood red moon, the wolf has upped the stakes by taking a human life. Hungry for revenge, the people call on famed werewolf hunter, Father Solomon (Oldman), to help them kill the wolf. But Solomon's arrival brings unintended consequences as he warns that the wolf, who takes human form by day, could be any one of them. As the death toll rises with each moon…

CAST:
Amanda Seyfried as Valerie
Virginia Madsen as Suzette
Billy Burke as Cesaire
Julie Christie as Grandmother
Gary Oldman as Father Solomon

DETAILS:
English
96 Minutes
IMBD: tt1486185

DVD Description
Romantic fantasy thriller. Valerie (Amanda Seyfried) is a beautiful young woman torn between two men. She is in love with a brooding outsider Peter (Shiloh Fernandez), but her parents have arranged for her to marry the wealthy Henry (Max Irons). Unwilling to lose each other, Valerie and Peter are planning to run away together when they learn that Valerie's older sister has been killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village. For years, the people have maintained an uneasy truce with the beast, offering the creature a monthly animal sacrifice. But, under a blood red moon, the wolf has upped the stakes by taking a human life. Hungry for revenge, the people call on famed werewolf hunter, Father Solomon (Gary Oldman), to help them kill the wolf. But Solomon's arrival brings unintended consequences as he warns that the wolf, who takes human form by day, could be any one of them. As the death toll rises with each moon, Valerie begins to suspect that the werewolf could be someone she loves. Panic grips the town as Valerie discovers that she has a unique connection to the beast--one that inexorably draws them together, making her both suspect...and bait. 
Please seed. Cheers…vladtepes3176
