 http://bayimg.com/LAJjHAadd

11 Harrowhouse (1974) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071080/

DOWNLOADED FROM CINEMAGEDDON.NET

11 Harrowhouse is a 1974 British film directed by Aram Avakian. It was adapted by Charles Grodin based upon the novel by Gerald A. Browne with the screenplay by Jeffrey Bloom. It stars Charles Grodin, Candice Bergen, James Mason, Trevor Howard and John Gielgud.

  Charles Grodin  ...  Howard R. Chesser  
  Candice Bergen  ...  Maren Shirell  
  James Mason  ...  Charles D. Watts  
  Trevor Howard  ...  Clyde Massey  
  John Gielgud  ...  Meecham  
  Helen Cherry  ...  Lady Anne Bolding  
  Peter Vaughan  ...  Coglin  
  Cyril Shaps  ...  Wildenstein, the Diamond Cutter  
  Leon Greene  ...  Max Toland, Jewel Thief  
  Jack Watson  ...  Miller, 11 Harrowhouse Security  
  Jack Watling  ...  Fitzmaurice  
  Clive Morton  ...  Sir Harold the Chairman  
  Larry Cross  ...  Whitman  
  Glynn Edwards  ...  First Guard (as Glyn Edwards)  
  John Bindon  ...  Second Guard  

Howard Chesser (Charles Grodin, Midnight Run) is a low-level American diamond merchant working in London. When a large-scale transaction goes awry, Chesser is forced into a larcenous arrangement with oil magnate Clyde Massey (Trevor Howard, Gandhi): clean out the inventory of "The System," a heavily fortified gem dealer located at 11 Harrowhouse.

Back in the '70s, before they became the star-laden parade floats that they are today, heist movies were sleek vehicles of efficiency. Working solo (The Thief Who Came to Dinner), in pairs (Cops and Robbers), or as a quartet (The Hot Rock), pre-21st century thieves didn't need eleven, twelve, or thirteen compadres to take down their marks. (And the Ocean's Eleven wave seems to have carried in yet another overstuffed whopper, with Brett Ratner's currently-filming Tower Heist, filled to the gills with another gaggle of above-the-title heisters, including Ben Stiller, Eddie Murphy, and Matthew Broderick.)

In 1974, director Aram Avakian (Jazz on a Summer's Day), followed up the laconic comic action of the aformentioned Cops and Robbers—in which the former, played by Joseph Bologna and Cliff Gorman, become the latter, stealing bearer bonds for a mob boss—with 11 Harrowhouse. Originally a film editor, Avakian's directing career was only five films long, and this London-set heist starring Charles Grodin and Candice Bergen would turn out to be the director's swan song.

Heist films are usually a dime a dozen and it seems to have become increasingly difficult to find a new spin on the genre. However, this film, based on the novel of the same name by Gerald A. Browne, is rather ingenious and deserves more attention. The plot revolves around Howard R. Chesser (Charles Grodin, who also co-wrote the screenplay) as a small-time diamond merchant who gets the chance to supervise the purchase and cutting of a large diamond that will be named after its wealthy owner Clyde Massey (Trevor Howard). The diamond ends up being stolen and stored inside the vaults of a large diamond conglomerate called “The system” that is located at 11 Harrowhouse. With the help of an inside man named Charles (James Mason) who works at the vault and has become unhappy with the company, Howard and his daredevil girlfriend Maren (Candice Bergen) pull off a daring heist. 

The film did not do well upon its initial release and Grodin has said in later interviews that the reason for this was because the audiences at the time “didn’t get it.” His intention was not to make a crime caper at all, but instead use the story to take potshots at big business and the establishment. 

This film has been screened in two versions in the past - both with and without a retrospective commentary from Grodin's character, H.R. Chesser. Only the version without commentary seems to be widely available in published form, and neither version seems to have been screened to great extent on TV, though the original version with commentary holds up very well today. The film was released on LaserDisc by Fox Video in Widescreen Format and with the commentary intact
