
Carl Cox to Release Global Underground – Black Rock Desert
Electro House Music
Release Date: January 25, 2010

Carl Cox releases his debut Global Underground mix album, ‘Black Rock Desert,’ on 25 Jan 2010. Taken from a storming 2 hour set in The Opulent Temple in the Black Rock Desert this summer.

No label encapsulates dance music’s international explosion and restless creativity quite like Global Underground. Launched in 1996 with a Tony de Vit mix album based on a visit to Tel Aviv, it has expanded from a world-famous series of defining DJ mix CDs into all areas of cutting edge dance music. They have released artist albums for acts like James Lavelle’s UNKLE, soundtracked some of the world’s most popular TV shows, including CSI, and some of PlayStation’s biggest selling games, and staged fantastic parties in some of the world’s most exotic locations – not to mention selling over three million CDs. And now they’ve touched down in Nevada.

“When I finally decided to do a Global Underground mix it just had to be here ,” says Carl. Everything aside from the entrance fee is free. It’s all about sharing and contributing to the experience. People barter, offering everything from free artwork installations to free flirting lessons and drinks. And Nevada looks like a scene from mad Max.

He was so moved by the event, he resolved to keep coming back every year. “It’s people who are there for their own reasons – whether it’s to laugh, to cry, to have sex, to listen to music, whether you want to run around naked, or fully clothed,” says Carl. “It doesn’t matter if you are a big DJ. It’s all about what you want to give. I’ve spent a lot of my own money to play here, but I don’t care. I give people my music and I get back a lot of love. That’s enough.”

“After the Ibiza season, after the festivals I’ve done, after my own events,” he said, “the story still continues in a massive way – I’m working with new people, seeing different places and I’m overjoyed the Global Underground team got me on board for this mix.”

Tracklist Carl Clox Global Underground Black Rock:

Disc 1
01. Tiefschwarz feat. Seth Troxler – Trust
02. Hijacker – Groov 2 (Bushwacka! Mix)
03. Christian Vance – Chase The Night (Craig McWhinney’s Soft & Warm Mix)
04. Skylark – Krakatoa (Joel Mull Moodswing Mix)
05. Lee Van Dowski & Glimpse – La Cocina Del Cabron
06. Guy J – Lamur (Henry Saiz Mix Edit)
07. Alan Fitzpatrick – Green Light
08. Lance Bioise & Rod B – Faaktree
09. Onionz – Space Bass
10. Paride Saraceni – New Age Acids
11. Magitman – Cat Skin
12. Fergie – Maktub
13. Joey Beltram – Slice 2010 (Alan Fitzpatrick Remix)
14. Trevor Rockliffe – Move!!
15. Christian Smith – Flyertalk

Disc 2
01. Robbie Rivera – The Main Room Part One
02. Alex Dias – Scientific (Nato Medrado Remix)
03. Count Sinca – Space Cow (Pablo Acenso & Juan Deminicis Mix)
04. Noir – The Off World (Oliver Dahl Remix)
05. Abi Bah – It’s A Hybrid (Cari Lekebusch Remix)
06. Tim Baker – Rebirth Of The Saga
07. Joachim Garraud – No Techno In This Room Please
08. Wilson, Smallwood & Ingram – Perfect Sunrise
09. Adam Beyer & Joel Mull – Forming Dies (Jerome Sydenham Remix)
10. Jon Rundell – Damager
11. Umek – Before Violence
12. Steve Mulder – Within Seconds
13. John Dalagelis – Asio (Ananda Project Remix)
14. James Zabiela – Darkness.2
15. Petrae Foy & PJC Project – Long Train
16. Gui Boratto – Take My Breath Away
17. Politeca – What Kind Of World Do You Want?

Global Underground presents Carl Cox: Black Rock Desert is out 25 Jan 2010.


CarlCoxsite: 
http://www.carlcox.com/

Hahscode:
B4CB8A310DA73AB7D21DC49DAC3124EC257AB8CB

Voor de nieuwste films en muziek ga je naar NLT.Ons-Forum het forum voor de Nederlands Ondertitelde Torrents:
 
http://www.nlt.ons-forum.nl

Enjoy The Music!!

By Linday