Eset NOD32 Anti Virus
An Intuitive and Easy Solution

ESET understands that your life is busy, so we created simple solutions to protect and enhance your online experience:

    Rely on comprehensive protection against a range of web-based attacks including web-access, protocol filtering, and in-depth scanning of compressed and encrypted communications.
    Ensure that all files stored on USB drives, CDs and DVDs, especially those launched automatically, don’t pose a threat.
    Uncover and remove rootkits before cybercriminals steal your passwords or gain control of your computer.
    Eliminate potential security threats with SysInspector’s powerful diagnostic capabilities.
    Scan, rescue, and repair your computer in case of an emergency with SysRescue.

Eset Smart Security

Smarter Scanner – Threats don't always enter in ways you expect. ESET Smart Security inspects SSL-encrypted communication channels like HTTPS and POP3S, and intelligently scans compressed files to find threats that other products miss. ESET's Smart Optimization feature makes file scanning faster than ever.

Time-saving Firewall – New Learning Mode saves time by automatically creating firewall rules by observing how end users use the network, while offering advanced firewall modes for power users. Pair customized firewall profiles with trusted network zones and have appropriate firewall rules applied automatically based on detected network presence.*

Trusted Zone Authentication – Identify trusted network zones by network configurations (a configurable combination of host/DNS/DHCP server IP address, wireless SSID, connection profile, etc) or securely authenticate into a network using ESET Authentication Server.*

Upgraded Antispam – ESET Smart Security now takes care of annoying spam with a smaller, faster, and even more effective spam filter.

Removable Media Security – Threats can enter your PC from removable media such as USB thumb drives. For self-running media, ESET Smart Security scans autorun.inf and associated files when the medium is inserted, in addition to scanning any file on any removable device when it is accessed, or during a full-scan of the media.

System Tools – ESET SysInspector and ESET SysRescue simplify diagnosing and cleaning of infected systems by allowing deep scans of system processes to find hidden threats, and creating bootable rescue CD/DVD or USB drives to help you repair an infected computer.

Self Defense – ESET Smart Security has built-in technology to prevent malicious software from corrupting or disabling it, so you can rest assured your system is always protected.