For the first time, the ultimate insider, the owner of world famous strip clubs in Las Vegas and New Orleans uncovers the sordid, bizarre and criminal world of women who prey on the desperate, psychotic, and sexually starved men prowling America’s topless clubs. Delve deeper into the world’s most famous adult playgrounds in this true and shocking expose’ of intriguing escapades from the man who earned millions serving up the seven deadly sins. Imagine owning a business, which satisfies one of men’s basic necessities of life, a necessity for men of all ages, all income groups, and every social stratum. A business where men will pay outrageous sums - they literally will empty their wallets to watch naked women…and they will do it, week after week. Imagine a business venture where men will never tire of appreciating your product. Men from every town within every state in the country will maneuver their busy work schedules to visit your business. They will rearrange their vacations in order to pay a visit to your establishment. Some men will divorce their wives, and even abandon their children just to spend their hard earned dollars on a young girl who will expose her breasts to satisfy their unquenchable thirst for a peek at her mammary glands. I don’t have to imagine these things because I am the entrepreneur who satisfies these desires and I earn a fortune doing it.

About the Author

Is it surprising that a high school carnival pitchman offering worthless products at State Fairs becomes the wealthy owner of casinos and strip clubs in Las Vegas and New Orleans? After all, who can sell a dream better than a daytime dreamer and a nighttime schemer? It’s the tortuous route to riches that includes lawsuits by enforcement agencies of the Federal Government and fines by the Nevada Gaming Commission along with serious threats to life and limb as well as a brief jail stint which brings the author to recognize that his addictions come with life saving parallels. “Las Vegas Hero” runner up to world famous hotel-casino developer Steve Wynn along with TV features on Inside Edition, Current Affair and Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous uncovers Herb’s hunger for more dangerous conquests and consequences. STRIP JOINT MILLIONAIRE and STRIP CLUBS EXPOSED uncover Herb’s penchant for punishment by strippers who also suffer from myriad addictions and dysfunctions. 