Following the popular and critical international success of her Haydn and Hummel concertos recording, Alison Balsom has recorded a programme of Italian Baroque concertos.

In this new recording, Balsom, the 2009 Classical BRIT Artist of the Year, plays popular concertos originally composed for the violin or oboe by Vivaldi, Tartini, B. Marcello, Albinoni and Cimarosa, accompanied by the Scottish Ensemble.


Tracklist
1. [Violin] Concerto in A minor RV356 - Antonio Vivaldi - I - Allegro
2. [Violin] Concerto in A minor RV356 - Antonio Vivaldi - II - Largo
3. [Violin] Concerto in A minor RV356 - Antonio Vivaldi - III - Presto
4. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor - Benedetto Marcello - I. Allegro moderato
5. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor - Benedetto Marcello - II. Adagio
6. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor - Benedetto Marcello - III. Allegro
7. [Oboe] Concerto in B flat major Op.7 No.3 - Tomaso Albinoni - I - Allegro
8. [Oboe] Concerto in B flat major Op.7 No.3 - Tomaso Albinoni - II - Adagio
9. [Oboe] Concerto in B flat major Op.7 No.3 - Tomaso Albinoni - III - Allegro
10. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor (freely arr. by Arthur Benjamin) - Domenico Cimarosa - Introduzione (Larghetto)
11. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor (freely arr. by Arthur Benjamin) - Domenico Cimarosa - Allegro
12. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor (freely arr. by Arthur Benjamin) - Domenico Cimarosa - Siciliana
13. [Oboe] Concerto in C minor (freely arr. by Arthur Benjamin) - Domenico Cimarosa - Allegro giusto
14. [Violin] Concerto in G major RV310 - Antonio Vivaldi - Allegro
15. [Violin] Concerto in G major RV310 - Antonio Vivaldi - Largo
16. [Violin] Concerto in G major RV310 - Antonio Vivaldi - Allegro
17. Trumpet concerto in D major D53 (originally for Violin) - Giuseppe Tartini - Allegro
18. Trumpet concerto in D major D53 (originally for Violin) - Giuseppe Tartini - Andante
19. Trumpet concerto in D major D53 (originally for Violin) - Giuseppe Tartini - Allegro Grazioso
20. Concerto after Sonata da Chiesa in D minor - Tomaso Albinoni - Grave
21. Concerto after Sonata da Chiesa in D minor - Tomaso Albinoni - Allegro
22. Concerto after Sonata da Chiesa in D minor - Tomaso Albinoni - Largo
23. Concerto after Sonata da Chiesa in D minor - Tomaso Albinoni - Allegro


Biography

by Robert Cummings

Alison Balsom must be counted among the most popular Classical trumpeters before the public today. Yet, she has gained wide international recognition only since the turn of the century. Her first recording, Music for Trumpet and Organ, was issued in 2002, and her first major award was given to her in 2006, when the jurors of the Classical BRIT Awards named her Young British Classical Performer. Other awards and citations followed and her concert appearances quickly became major events across England, Europe, Asia, and the U.S. Of course, her supermodel looks and charismatic manner haven't hurt her career, but in the end it has been her talent on the trumpet, forged by an all-encompassing technique and deft interpretive sense, that landed her at the top. Balsom's repertory is broad, taking in a mixture of original works and arrangements of music by J.S. Bach, Purcell, Haydn, Mozart, Hummel, Debussy, Rachmaninov, de Falla, Messiaen, and many others. She has recorded for EMI and Hyperion.

Alison Balsom was born in the English county of Hertfordshire in 1978. She grew up in Royston, where she began study of the trumpet in her early childhood. At nine she began lessons with Adrian Jacobs at Greneway School in Royston, and four years later enrolled in the Junior department at the Guildhall School of Music, where her most important teacher was John Miller.

From ages 15-18 she played in the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain, and from 1997-2001 she studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where her teachers included Stephen Keavy and Paul Benniston. Later studies were at the Paris Conservatory of Music and Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Balsom also studied privately with Håkan Hardenberger, from 2001-2004.

During her student years Balsom played in several orchestral ensembles and became a concerto finalist in the 1998 BBC Young Musicians Competition. Following the release of her first album on EMI, she began drawing attention not only across England, but internationally, as well.

Balsom next signed an exclusive contract with EMI, and her second recording, Bach Works for Trumpet, was issued in 2005 to rave reviews. In 2006 she was awarded Solo CD of the Year by Brass Band World Magazine for her album Caprice. Balsom's 2009 concert schedule reflects her in-demand status with tours at major venues in England, Germany, Russia, Turkey, the U.S., and elsewhere across the globe.
