Downloader Instructions
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Gospel Music - 13 - Hillsong Chapel - Yahweh





This is memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

POtHS - Gospel Music - 13 - Hillsong Chapel - Yahweh - DivX

New from Hillsong Church, Hillsong Chapel is a series of intimate and devotional arrangements of popular songs led by Hillsong UNITED and Hillsong LIVE worship leaders. Recorded live in the church’s chapel, Yahweh, the first installment in the series, contains organic and contemplative versions of such top Christian Copyright Licensing International (CCLI) songs as “Hosanna,” “From The Inside Out” and the No. 1 CCLI song sung by an estimated 40 million people every week in church services around the world, “Mighty To Save.”  Thirteen songs in all, including the title track “Yahweh,” the project draws from a catalog of albums that have sold over 11 million copies.

Although having never recorded an “unplugged” version of their songs, Ben Fielding, Annie Garratt, Jad Gillies, Joel Houston, Jill McCloghry, Reuben Morgan and other Hillsong team members crafted the brand new arrangements in response to churches around the world asking for acoustic versions of their popular anthems.

“It is our role as worship leaders and musicians to help create the most inspiring and inviting atmosphere for worship within our churches,” says Ben Fielding. “ I like how our senior pastor, Bobbie [Houston], describes this as ‘setting the table.’ A full 10-piece band in a room with 30 people is likely to be setting the wrong table... and while most of us would see the error in that scenario, the reality is that we are all faced with re-thinking how we arrange our songs and how we can better musically approach our church environment.

“Earlier this year, we gathered in our Chapel, a small and much-loved glass and sandstone building on the back of our church property, for a night of worship… To hear some of my favorite songs, ‘unpacked’ and played in a way that  made sense in that context and to hear the voices of the church drown out the band, was something I'll never forget. This night was all about encountering and worshipping God, though beyond the night itself, our hope is that this project will help our team and other local church teams approach our times of worship with an even greater sensitivity and creativity.”

“Hillsong Chapel’s Yahweh is perfect for smaller gatherings, personal devotions and will help resource churches wanting more intimate worship expressions of songs from Hillsong LIVE and Hillsong UNITED,” adds Bryan Ward, EMI CMG Label Group Director, Product Marketing. “Churches love the music from Hillsong Church, but are not always able to reproduce it in their local worship settings.  The music from Hillsong Chapel provides another option for these churches to share these inspiring songs of praise.”

In addition to the new arrangements of theses songs, the Yahweh CD includes all the song chord charts that worship leaders can use to reproduce the music in their local church services.  A companion, full-length DVD featuring all the songs on the CD is also available and was filmed as 300 worshippers filled the Hillsong chapel.

The complete CD / DVD track listing follows:

01. Hosanna
02. You'll Come
03. Run
04. The Time Has Come
05. Saviour King
06. Yahweh
07. Came To My Rescue
08. Stronger
09. This Is Our God
10. You Hold Me Now
11. From The Inside Out
12. Mighty To Save
13. Salvation Is Here

About Hillsong Church:
Based in Sydney, Australia, Hillsong Church is one of the world’s fastest-growing ministries, with a 25,000-plus strong congregation in Australia, as well as one of the largest evangelical churches in London, Cape Town and Kiev. Hillsong also has churches in Stockholm and Paris, and recently announced plans to establish a new church in New York City. Hillsong Music has sold over 11 million albums to date and has earned 30 Gold and Platinum awards around the world.


New Orleans Jazz Festival

I got to go 4 out of 7 days this years. It was a great time.

Local Favorites
Amanda Shaw - Good Southern Girl
John Boutte - Good Neighbor

Gospel Singers


Canton Gospel Soul Children - Welcome to Canton
Connie & Dwight Fitch with The Family - Victory in Jesus
New Orleans Tribute to Mahalia Jackson - Cynthia Girtly & Dr Michael White
Shades of Praise - God is Still Doing Great Things
The Electrifying Crown Seekers - Thank You For Saving Me
The Melody Clouds - Great Day
The Zion Harmonizers - The Best of New Orleans Gospel

There are also several hundred Festival Photos and some Short RAW Video Clips


POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon - Are Jesus and The Holy Spirit Real???

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

This is what is coming and more. If you do not believe in The Rapture and Jesus, you will need to Study The Below Survival videos.

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                     Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                          End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                               Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                              Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                      Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                     Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod        Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                              (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    


 
     