Please feel free in downloading the courses
Hey Guys and Gals hope all good. People have been emailing me asking to make my tutorials downloadable as there internet is slow or they want to learn offline. Finally I have managed to get it done and I have added some of the courses below. Please do check back as I will be adding more tutorials soon. 

Please be aware that the file size is big. Inside each folder is the lesson files and videos, you will need winrar to be able to open the folders,you can download it for free here. All video files are MP4 so they can play on mac and PC.

If you would like to have the tutorial courses sent to you on cd then I can do that as well, all I ask is that you pay the cost of the cd and the shipping. 
For the time being the cd will be just a basic DVD with no fancy graphics on the cover. 
Also remember that the tutorials on the DVD are exactly the same as the tutorials on my website. Feel free to contact me with any requests for cd

Thanks Guys and Gals


Below you can download the Courses


 Create Photoshop Template Course
Create photoshop template from scratch with no prior knowledge needed. Once you have done the and you understand how to use layers and shapes you will be able to 
Download The Complete Course ( 309 MB Download )


 Slice And Code Photoshop Template Course
We are going to learn how to cut up our photoshop template and then export it to dreamweaver where we will get into the css code and start to build this website 
Download The Complete Course ( 420 MB Download )


 Create Your Own eBay Template Course
Ever wondered how people created there own ebay auction template,then this is the tutorial course for you.
Download The Complete Course ( 375 MB Download )


 Create An HTML eBay Store Course
We are going to learn how to cut up our photoshop template and then export it to dreamweaver where we will get into the css code and start to build this website 
Download The Complete Course ( 420 MB Download )


 Create A Css Website Course
In this course we are going to be create a CSS website. First off i am going to try to create this in a way that it doesn\'t sound like a foreign language.
Download The Complete Course ( 490 MB Download )


 Create A Members Area Course
In this course we will learn how make a membership area. This will involve us using a php script and implementing it into our website. 
Download The Complete Course ( 280 MB Download )


 Create A Website With Table Course
If you don\'t know how to create a website but want to learn then these dreamweaver tutorials are for you. We will learn the basic and have you up and running in no time.
Download The Complete Course ( 500 MB Download )

Note: Waiting for your comments :)-