Arthur C. Clarke - The Collected Stories Vol 5 (Unabridged) - Read by various

Source CD
Duration approx 9:37 hours 
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR 
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono

With the amount of ACC material already posted I realise that there is going to be a bit of duplication with other torrents, but a lot of torrents that I have seen are a trifle short on "reader" details making it difficult to weed out duplicates, so I have posted the entire volume and you can pick and choose as you will.


The book

A collection of 26 short stories as follows :-

Dog Star - read by Mike Grady
Maelstrom II - read by Nick Boulton
An Ape About the House - read by Buffy Davis
The Shining Ones - read by Roger May
The Secret - read by Mike Grady
Dial F for Frankenstein - read by Nick Boulton
The Wind From the Sun - read by Sean Barrett
The Food of the Gods - read by Roger May
The Last Command - read by Mike Grady
The Light of Darkness - read by Nick Boulton
The Longest Science-Fiction Story Ever Told - read by Sean Barrett
Playback - read by Roger May
The Cruel Sky - read by Mike Grady
Herbert George Morley Roberts Wells, Esq - read by Nick Boulton
Crusade - read by Sean Barrett
Neutron Tide - read by Roger May
Reunion - read by Mike Grady
Transit of Earth - read by Nick Boulton
A Meeting With Medusa - read by Sean Barrett
Quarantine - read by Roger May
SiseneG - read by Mike Grady
The Steam-Powered Word Processor - read by Nick Boulton
On Golden Seas - read by Sean Barrett
The Hammer of Gods - read by Roger May
The Wire Continuum - read by Mike Grady
Improving the Neighbourhood - read by Nick Boulton 


The author

Sri Lankabhimanya Sir Arthur Charles Clarke, CBE, FRAS (16 December 1917 – 19 March 2008) was a British science fiction author, inventor, and futurist, famous for his short stories and novels, among them 2001: A Space Odyssey, and as a host and commentator in the British television series Mysterious World. For many years, Robert A. Heinlein, Isaac Asimov, and Arthur C. Clarke were known as the "Big Three" of science fiction.

Clarke served in the Royal Air Force as a radar instructor and technician from 1941–1946. He proposed a satellite communication system in 1945 which won him the Franklin Institute Stuart Ballantine Gold Medal in 1963. He was the chairman of the British Interplanetary Society from 1947–1950 and again in 1953.

Clarke emigrated to Sri Lanka in 1956 largely to pursue his interest in scuba diving; that year, he discovered the underwater ruins of the ancient Koneswaram temple in Trincomalee. He lived in Sri Lanka until his death. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1998, and was awarded Sri Lanka's highest civil honour, Sri Lankabhimanya, in 2005.


The readers

Roger May

Roger May trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre and has gone on to perform in a number of roles in films, television and the theatre, including the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford. His other credits include Hornblower and Peak Practice for television, and the film adaptation of An Ideal Husband.

Sean Barrett

Sean Barrett is a distinguished actor who has many years experience in narrating audio books. He has a wonderfully deep and rich voice and provides intelligent interpretation of characters and pacing. However, it is also attention to detail in his preparation that sets him out as one of the best in the business. Sean comments: 'I was told early on in BBC Radio that there was no time in the studio - you had to prepare, and that is what I have always done.' As a film and television actor he has also appeared in productions as diverse as Twelfth Night and Father Ted.

Nick Boulton

Gibraltar-born actor Nick Boulton studied acting at the Guildhall School of Music And Drama in London. Winning the BBC Radio Carleton-Hobbs Award in 1993, he has since gained extensive experience on radio and television. His theatre performances include Arcadia at the Theatre Royal Haymarket in London's West End and Henry V for the Royal Shakespeare Company amongst many others.

Mike Grady

Mike Grady was born in Cheltenham, and trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. His career, spanning more than 40 years, includes leading theatre roles at the Royal Shakespeare Company and the English National Theatre amongst many others. His television roles have included Minder, Citizen Smith and Last of the Summer Wine. His film credits include The Return of the Pink Panther opposite Peter Sellers, and Carry On Loving.

Buffy Davis

Buffy Davis is an established actress with an impressive CV spanning both stage and screen. Buffy was BAFTA nominated for her role in Tony Marchant’s Kid in the Corner for Channel 4 and recent theatre performances include The Rose Tattoo at The National Theatre and Annie Get Your Gun at The Young Vic. A regular reader for BBC Radio, Buffy is known to millions as Jolene Rogers in The Archers.


Enjoy and Seed!!