Conversations with God (CwG) is a sequence of books written by Neale Donald Walsch, written as a dialogue in which Walsch asks questions and God answers.[1] The first book of the Conversations with God series, Conversations with God, Book 1: An Uncommon Dialogue, appeared on bookshelves in 1995, and quickly became a publishing phenomenon, staying on the New York Times Best-Sellers List for 137 weeks. The succeeding volumes in the trilogy also appeared prominently on the List.

In an interview with Larry King, Walsch described the inception of the books as follows: at a low period in his life, Walsch wrote an angry letter to God asking questions about why his life wasn't working. After writing down all of his questions, he heard a voice over his right shoulder say: "Do you really want an answer to all these questions or are you just venting?"[2] Though when he turned around he saw no one there, Walsch felt answers to his questions filling his mind and decided to write them down. The ensuing dialogue became the Conversations with God books. When asked in recent interview how does he ‘open up’ to God these days, Neale argued “I am reaching out to touch others with this information. When I reach out and touch others with this information I reconnect immediately with the divine presence.


Conversaciones con Dios es una trilogía por Neale Donald Walsch. Cada libro ha sido escrito como un diálogo en el que el autor conversa con Dios. Walsch asegura que este diálogo está realmente inspirado por Dios.1

La serie completa consta de más de 3.000 páginas en las que se exponen gran cantidad de observaciones sobre la vida, la muerte, el romance el matrimonio, el sexo, la paternidad, la salud, la educación, la economía, la política, la espiritualidad, la religión, el trabajo, la subsistencia adecuada, la física, el tiempo, las tradiciones y las costumbres sociales, el proceso de la creación, nuestra relación con Dios, la ecología, el crimen, el castigo, la vida en las sociedades muy desarrolladas del cosmos, el bien y el mal, los mitos culturales,la naturaleza del amor genuino, etc.

Desde el lanzamiento del primer libro de la trilogia en 1995 han tenido un gran éxito convirtiéndose rápidamente en best seller. Publishers Weekly publicó que este primer libro permaneció en la lista de los más vendidos durante 137 semanas.