------------------------------Antula-----------------------------------------------

     



          Thess are all of the episodes ever aired on mtv back in the day, Including the Best of Idiot Box, and a Rare commercial.The quality is pretty low,I blame MTV for not releasing The Idiot Box on dvd. Watching the episodes in a smaller window instead of fullscreen on VLC media player helps, i would say. This is one of my first torrents so if you have any pointers for me or comments about the show, please post them here :) thank you to all who download.

          credits: Wikipedia,trouperproductions, and turdburglar27 for uploading them onto youtube.

          Important: PLEASE DON'T FORGET TO SEED, THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH TIME YOU'LL BE SAVING FOR OTHERS DOWNLOADING THIS TORRENT AND HOW THEY WOULD DO THE SAME FOR YOU! BE GRATEFUL! (for those who don't know how to seed, comment and i will explain how.)


==============================endmessage-------------------------------------------




                           The Idiot Box (1990-91)
The Idiot Box was an American sketch comedy television series created by Alex Winter (of Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure fame), Tom Stern and Tim Burns, which ran on MTV from 1990-1991.

After the success of Bill & Ted, MTV hired Winter, Stern, and Burns to develop a half-hour sketch comedy show for the network[1]. As the channel was still strictly music-oriented at the time, The Idiot Box was mainly a showcase for popular music videos, but with a series of sketches, fake commercials, and parodies shown in between. Therefore, although an episode ran 30 minutes, there were only 7 to 11 minutes worth of sketches.

Inspired heavily by the likes of MAD Magazine and Monty Python's Flying Circus, the humor in The Idiot Box was rooted in absurdity and violent slapstick, often in the form of television and movie parodies and commercials for fake television shows (such as "Mumford the Yodeling Mutt" and "Who's A Total Idiot? with Tony Danza"). Each episode would end with a recap by the Max Headroom-esque VOTAR, "the future of television announcing", as he would criticize each of the sketches in the episode and occasionally quote lines from New Wave songs.

Although the show was a hit for the channel[citation needed], Winter, Stern, and Burns chose to cease production after six episodes and instead accepted a high-paying deal with 20th Century Fox to write and direct their own feature film[2]. The result was 1993's Freaked, which featured the same brand of humor as The Idiot Box.


               Recurring characters and sketches

Eddie the Flying Gimp from Outer Space
A parody of 1950s sitcoms, Eddie the Flying Gimp (Winter) is, as the name would imply, a flying gimp who came down from outer space to live with the relatively normal Knudsen family (whose patriarch was played by John Hawkes) and help solve their everyday problems, including murdering the school bully and unsuccessfully teaching the Knudsen boy to fly. Eddie is referenced in the opening line of Freaked, where a newscaster announces "the flying gimp has been destroyed" and that people can safely return to their homes.
Lockjaw
A parody of 1970s cop shows, Lockjaw (Stern) is a tough street cop who one day steps on a rusty nail. Failing to get a tetanus shot, he becomes stuck in a permanent state of lock jaw. Each episode deals with his increasing frustration over not being able to speak intelligibly. The "opening credits" for each sketch features musician Flea playing a criminal.
Willard Schreck's "If I Had My Way"
Willard Schreck (Winter) is a caffeine-addicted convenience store clerk who uses his store's security camera to broadcast his usually demented opinions, including making beef sticks out of k.d. lang and putting hippies to work in salt mines. Occasionally Willard is visited by a celebrity (impersonator), such as Carol Channing and Sinéad O'Connor, the latter of whom Willard catches trying to steal beef jerky. His sign-off catchphrase is "don't make a jerk out of yourself!"
The Burrowing Bishop
"Sir" Albert Woodneck (Winter) stars as the title character, a mumbling bishop who, along with his sidekick Falco the Sarcastic Clown (Lee Arenberg), uses his conical hat to burrow underground to perform good deeds, such as saving children trapped in wells and capturing escaped prisoners.
The Huggins Family
A parody of cheesy 1980s family sitcoms, The Huggins are a family who always use love, understanding, and hugs to work out their many problems, ranging from Dad's alcoholism to son Jared's affinity for siphoning the blood out of small animals. The Huggins children were played by Ricki Lake and Danny Cooksey.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Idiot box Related links(excluding imdb's since it's already listed): 

 
http://trouperproductions.com/Freekland/idiot.htm
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Idiot_Box_(MTV)


            thanks all, i am open to requests(if good taste) so comment and i'll see what i can do. ---Antula

