TTC Science and Religion

Taught By Professor Lawrence M. Principe, Ph.D., Organic Chemistry, Indiana University at Bloomington; Ph.D., History of Science, Johns Hopkins University,
Johns Hopkins University

Scope:

Science and religion are unquestionably two of the most potent forces that have shapedand continue to shapehuman civilization. How have these powerful forces interacted over time? What are the bases, terms, and varieties of their interactions? Popular opinion generally assumes an antagonistic relationship between the two, but modern scholarship increasingly reveals this as a one-sided view that is not only relatively recent but also self-servingly propagated to this day by extremist voices in both the religion and the science camps. This course’s approach to the issue is both historical and philosophical. It examines several historical episodes that highlight features of “science and religion” and analyzes in context the questions and issues that these episodes raise.

We begin by probing the very nature of science and religion: How are they different and how are they similar in terms of their questions, methods, and sources of knowledge and certainty? Science and theology turn out to have more in common than is generally believed. Thereafter, we examine various models that have been proposed for the interactions between science and religion and reveal the political origins of the still-popular warfare thesis. The course then embarks on a largely chronological study of important and illustrative episodes. 

These episodes include the famous cases of Galileo Galilei’s moving Earth and the (continuing) fallout from Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution, as well as issues relating to the age of the Earth and the origin of life. We will also examine notions regarding the level of God’s involvement in the running of the cosmos; the roles of miracles, angels, and demons; and the problems of correctly identifying them. We will look at varieties of biblical interpretation and the highly varied readings of biblical narratives (especially Genesis 1) in different epochs and among different denominations, as well as the rise and fall of natural theology and its modern cousin, intelligent design. Our sources will be not only historical, scientific, and theological texts but also recent documents and events that serve to bring our discussions down to the present day.

Throughout the course, historical episodes are placed in their proper context and closely analyzed as we endeavor to get at the real issues involved. In some cases, we discover that the issues were not actually science and religion interactions, and in other cases, we find some issues that remain unresolved today, no matter how much partisans of rigidly scientific and rigidly religious viewpoints try to overlook them. Throughout, we will see how the strict division of “scientific” and “religious” thought is a modernism that cannot be “read back” into history. Indeed, much of the course reveals science and theology, faith and reason, as two individually incomplete methodssometimes harmonious, sometimes notthat human beings have used in their endless quest for understanding.



Lecture One ….  Science and Religion

Lecture Two….   The Warfare Thesis

Lecture Three…. Faith and ReasonScripture and Nature

Lecture Four …. God and NatureMiracles and Demons

Lecture Five …. Church, Copernicus, and Galileo

Lecture Six ….  Galileo’s Trial

Lecture Seven…. God the Watchmaker

Lecture Eight ….Natural Theology and Arguments from Design

Lecture Nine …. Geology, Cosmology, and Biblical Chronology

Lecture Ten ….  Darwin and Responses to Evolution

Lecture Eleven …Fundamentalism and Creationism

Lecture Twelve …Past, Present, and Future


PS: If you can afford, buy the VIDEO from
 
http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/course_detail.aspx?cid=4691 

