These lectures have been chosen to give the listener a sample of both the general themes of the thought of Seyyed Hossein Nasr, such as modernity's loss of the sacred, and his scholarship on particular subjects, such as the meaning of Islamic art. For this reason, the collection will be of interest both to audiences who are already well acquainted with his thought, and to those who are discovering him for the first time.

Nasr is a widely popular lecturer because of his lively speaking style. He never reads from a prepared text, but speaks directly to the audience with a rare combination of passion and logical coherence. Equally rare is his universal voice: although he is a Muslim, his knowledge of and respect for other religions allow him to speak to many audiences from within their own traditions.

Although these lectures cover a wide variety of topics, from interreligious dialogue to the environmental crisis, together they form a underlying unity that is nothing less than a cosmology, which both transcends the transient constructs of particular times and cultures and brings them into sharp focus.

Sixteen lectures by Seyyed Hossein Nasr, representing some of the major themes of his life's work, including the spirituality of Islam and Sufism; interreligious dialogue; pure metaphysics; tradition, nature, science and the sacred; and sacred art and music. Finally, there is a rare autobiographical talk that ties all these themes together in the context of one man's quest for the sacred. 

The following is a list of the included lectures. 

1. In the Beginning Was Consciousness
2. The Reality to Serve, Love and Know
3. Religious and Theological Consequences of Crossing Religious Frontiers
4. Whence Evil? To Confront and Overcome Evil in Human Life
5. The Spiritual Crisis of Modern Man
6. The Recovery of the Sacred: Tradition and Perennialism in the Contemporary World
7. Spiritual and Religious Roots of the Environmental Crisis
8. God and Man: Religious Views and Scientific Perspectives
9. Philosophy, Science and Religion from the Eastern Point of View
10. Sufism and Its Power of Integration: Man's Inner and Outer Life
11. Images of Islam in the West
12. How to be a Muslim in America
13. The Importance of the Shari'ah in Islam
14. The Universal Roots of Sacred Art
15. Spirituality and Islamic Art Royal College of Art
16. Autobiographical Talk