SUN RA NUITS DE LA FONDATION MAEGHT  VOLUMES 1 and 2
Label: Shander/Universe(Italy)
Format:Mp3@320


VOLUME ONE

The album offers the first part of the concert that Sun Ra and his Arkestra did in Saint-Paul-de Vence in August 1970. Classic Sun Ra material: 'Enlightment', 'The Star Gazers', a mind-blowing 13-minute version of 'Shadow World', and a moog solo by Sun Ra entitled 'The Cosmic Explorer'.

Nuits de la Fondation Maeght, Vol. 1 (1970) is the first of two releases capturing Sun Ra and the Arkestra at Saint Paul de Vence, Côte d'Azur, France, in August of 1970, on what was their first European excursion. As a rule, free and avant-garde jazz are a decidedly acquired taste. However, for discerning palettes, these installments present the aggregate at their absolute pinnacle in terms of performance and inspiration. The four works included here offer a wide variety of styles and approaches, proving that the combo were far more multifaceted and involved than often given credit for. "Enlightenment" is a suitable opener, featuring a vocal duet between June Tyson (vocals) and John Gilmore (tenor sax/drums/vocals). This ambles subtly into another brief lyric on "The Star Gazers," followed by an inventive and elaborate piano solo from Ra. The bandleader is clearly enthused throughout, translating in what is perceived as even quicker and more potent inflections. These continue during a full-ensemble reading of "Shadow World," which is given a worthy workout. The flurry and fury in Marshall Allen's alto sax are countered with more of Ra's highly intricate assertions. One of the most inspired keyboard performances from Ra is the appropriately titled "Cosmic Explorer." There are moments that vacillate from terrifying to sublime as the artist methodically investigates the sounds, carefully constructing his progressive arrangements. Much like the Arkestra presentation, Ra's solos are complex, more than making up for any lack of structure with a motivated performance. Enthusiasts should note that both volumes of Nuits de la Fondation Maeght were issued on CD from an excellent quality tape

Tracklist:
1. Enlightement 
2. The Star Gazers 
3. Shadow World 
4. The Cosmic Explorer 

VOLUME TWO

Second part to the August 1970 French live recordings with the 19-strong Arkestra in full effect blowing some minds! Side A has long versions of "Friendly Galaxy Number 2" and "Spontaneous Simplicity" while side B is given over to more exploratory pieces, "The World Of The Lightening", "Black Myth" and Marshall Allen's oboe solo "Sky"

This is the second of two 7" EPs derived from Sun Ra and his Arkestra's August 1970 run at the Nuits de la Fondation Maeght (1970). Historically noteworthy is that the Saint Paul de Vence, Côte d'Azur, France, shows marked the first time the extended aggregate would play for a European audience. Their excitement translates into what is unquestionably one of the strongest live documents to exist from this period. Many potential listeners may be initially dismayed at the seeming discord that is inherent in the free and avant-garde subgenres. For them, Nuits de la Fondation Maeght, Vol. 2 might be a good starting place as it offers up a variety of styles from within the open-ended framework. "Friendly Galaxy Number 2" is a brooding and edgy mid-tempo affair, highlighted by the rhythm section's smouldering restraint beneath the alternately plaintive and sinuous wails from Alan Silva (violin). This segues into the entire Arkestra as it joins in on a carefree and buoyant "Spontaneous Simplicity." Once again, Silva shines, albeit this time on electric bass guitar. His syncopated pulsations are viscous enough to ably swaddle the aggressive percussive ensemble. On this piece, Ra's electric piano runs are among his most melodic, as he gently weaves around the well-placed chord progressions. The brass section also reasserts itself for some stellar interaction at the song's conclusion. "The World of Lightning" may have been the Arkestra's encore, judging by the rhythmic applause from the audience at the beginning of the song. After preliminary disjointed inflections from Ra's Mini Moog and John Goldsmith's percussive gong and tympani interjections, Marshall Allen (sax) provides blistering leads atop of what evolves into a full-blown and substantial Arkestra assault. This somewhat abruptly resolves into a profound, if not definitive reading of the epic "Black Myth," commencing with June Tyson's spoken "The Shadows Took Shape" and "The Strange World" recitations. The band counters with incisive precision, which trails into a ferocious bout of the Moog from Ra during the "Journey Through the Outer Darkness" movement. "Sky" is a brief concluding solo from Allen on haubois -- a predecessor to the modern-day oboe -- that cuts off mid-stream.

Tracklist:
1. Friendly Galaxy Number 2  
2. Spontaneous Simplicity  
3. The World of The Lightening  
4. Black Myth 
- The Shadows Took Shape
- The Strange World
- Jouney Through the Outer Darkness 
5. Sky

Marshall Allen: alto sax, flute, piccolo, percussion
John Gilmore: tenor sax, drums
Pat Patrick: bariton sax, bass clarinet, alto sax, tenor, flute, clarinet, percussion
Danny Davis: alto sax, flute, percussion
Nimord Hunt: drums
James Jacson: clarinet, flute, percussion
Kwame Hadi: trumpet
John Goldsmith: drums, tympani
Robert Cummings: bass clarinet, drums
Danny Thompson: bariton sax, bassoon, flute
Rashied Salim IV: vibes, drums
Ahk Tal Ebah: trumpet, flugelhorn
Alan Silva: bass, cello, violin
Absholom Ben Shlomo: clarinet, flute, alto sax
Lex Humphries: drums, percussion
June Tyson: vocals & dancing
Gloristeena Knight: vocals & dancing
Verta Grosvenor: vocals & dancing
Sun Ra: moog synth, piano, electric piano, electric organ, intergalactic instruments
