Understanding the Science for Tomorrow: Myth and Reality
Taught By Professor Jeffrey C. Grossman, Ph.D., University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Nanotechnology, quantum computing, genetic engineering; these and other fascinating fields have the power to revolutionize almost every aspect of existence, including how you eat and drink, how you communicate, how you travel, how you learn—even how long you live.


And in recent decades, these forces have evolved and developed at a lightning-fast pace. So fast, in fact, that the future of science and technology couldn’t be any more exciting than it is now, as scientists are on the cusp of breakthroughs, including
•new energy sources such as biofuels, solar photovoltaics, and nuclear fusion;
•smaller, more powerful computers that can tap into the secrets of artificial intelligence and operate advanced robotic systems;
•tools and equipment for making water safer to drink and food easier to grow, package, and preserve; and
•new devices for speeding up the ways we travel from place to place and the ways we communicate and share information with one another.
These and other scientific breakthroughs of tomorrow will do more than enhance and improve everyday life. They also will help solve some of our world’s most pressing crises and dilemmas, including food and water shortages, clean and reusable energy needs, detection and curing of life-threatening illnesses, and so much more. And while some of these promises are surrounded by hype and myth, the truths about them are more startling—and more important—than you ever imagined.

Explore the many possibilities of what your future may look like with Understanding the Science for Tomorrow: Myth and Reality, a scientifically accurate and enlightening survey of today’s most advanced research in fields such as engineering, biology, chemistry, and theoretical physics. These 24 lectures by research scientist and Professor Jeffrey C. Grossman of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology delve into the genuine science of today’s—and tomorrow’s—hottest issues in an accessible manner that helps you grasp these sometimes esoteric topics. They are designed for anyone curious about the current state of science and technology and where it is likely to be heading in the near future.


24 Lectures 
30 minutes / lecture
1.	Changing the Game
2.	Magnetism—The Science of Attractions
3.	Transportation—The Science of How We Move
4.	Computers—Trillions of Bits per Second
5.	Artificial Intelligence—Thinking Machines
6.	Robotics—Living with Machines
7.	Microscopes—The Power of Seeing It All
8.	Nanotechnology—The New Science of Small
9.	Nanotechnology—Changing Everything
10.	Genetic Engineering—Life's Building Blocks
11.	Synthetic Life—Making Life from Scratch
12.	The Brain—Your Body's Supercomputer
13.	Cancer and Aging—Can They Be Defeated?
14.	Powerful Viruses—Future Friend or Foe?
15.	Food or Famine—Science Holds the Key
16.	Water—The Currency of the Next Century
17.	Biofuels—The Fuel of the Future?
18.	Solar Cells—Electricity from the Sun
19.	Batteries—Storing Energy Chemically
20.	The Hydrogen Economy—Fact or Fiction?
21.	Nuclear Energy—Harnessing Star Power
22.	Prediction—From Storms to Stocks
23.	Communication—Transcending Time and Space
24.	Science in the Future


About Your Professor

Dr. Jeffrey C. Grossman is Professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He earned his B.A. in Physics from Johns Hopkins University and his M.S. in Physics and his Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.

Before joining MIT, Professor Grossman founded and headed the Computational Nanoscience research group at the University of California, Berkeley, which focused on designing new materials for energy applications. At MIT, he heads a research group devoted to understanding, predicting, and designing novel materials with applications in energy conversion, energy storage, and thermal transport. As a Lawrence Fellow at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, he received the Physics Directorate Outstanding Science and Technology Achievement Award. He was also awarded a coveted Sloan Fellowship soon after joining MIT.

Professor Grossman’s current research centers on the development of new solar thermal fuels, the design of nanoscale technologies for sequencing DNA in hours, three-dimensional photovoltaic panels, new materials to convert waste heat into electricity, and more. He has also developed entirely new ways to encourage idea generation and creativity in interdisciplinary science, including “speedstorming,” a method of pair-wise idea generation that works similarly to a round-robin “speed-dating” technique.