Many arguments could be generated over whether Cole Porter or Irving Berlin should be considered America's greatest tunesmith. Both wrote music and lyrics; it's clearly a pick 'em situation. 

Porter had violin and piano lessons as a child, pursued undergraduate studies at Yale (where he penned fight songs that endure to this day such as "Bulldog"), and studied law and music at Harvard, all courtesy of a rich grandfather. 
His grandfather was appalled Porter would consider music as a career and never forgave him. Porter was in the French army during World War I, and spent the '20s in Paris as the husband of a wealthy woman. He began scoring hits in that decade, though "I'm in Love Again," didn't click until 1929, though Porter wrote it in 1924. 

The list of Porter shows and films is immense; his lyrics were literate, sophisticated, yet could be charming, suggestive, even naughty. His first show was Paris in 1928; it included "Let's Do It." That was followed by Frenchmen in 1929 containing "You Do Something to Me." Porter returned to New York in 1930, but was a lifelong Parisian in his heart. 

Wake Up and Dream, The New Yorkers, The Gay Divorcee, Jubilee, Leave It to Me, and Kiss Me Kate are only a few of his marvelous shows. The song list is just as impressive; "What Is This Thing Called Love," "Love for Sale," "Anything Goes," "You're the Top," "Begin the Beguine," and "Count Your Blessings," for starters. 
There were also such films as Silk Stockings, Born to Dance, Broadway Melody of 1940, High Society, and Night and Day. Porter's legs were crushed by a horse in 1937, he endured numerous operations the rest of his life, as well as being a semi-invalid. He finally lost his right leg in 1958, only four years after his wife died. But his songs live on; numerous anthologies and songbooks devoted to his music have been issued and are available on CD.

Product Description

42 tracks on two discs. 
Disc 1 - 1. Another Op'nin Another Show, 2. You're On Top, 3. In The Still Of The Night, 4. Just One Of Those Things, 5. So In Love, 6. You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To, 7. I Hate Men, 8. I Loved Hime But He Didn't Love Me, 9. All Through The Night, 10. I Am In Love, 11. Where Have You Been?, 12. What Is This Thing Called Love?, 13. Easy To Love, 14. Wunderbar, 15. From This Moment On, 16. I'm A Gigolo, 17. Love For Sale, 18. I Love Paris, 19. I Concentrate On You, 20. Always Tru To You In My Fashion. 

Disc 2 - 1. "Silk Stockings" Overture, 2. Begin The Beguine, 3. Ca C'est L'amour, 4. Most Gentlemen Don't Like Love, 5. Let's Misbehave, 6. Were Thine That Special Face, 7. I Get A Kick Out Of You, 8. It's De'Lovely, 9. Tom, Dick or Harry, 10. I've Got You Under My Skin, 11. All Of You, 12. Miss Otris Regrets, 13. Down In The Depths, 14. Brush Up Your Shakespeare, 15. It's Alright With Me, 16. Blow, Gabriel Blow, 17. I Happen To Like New York, 18. Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye, 19. Where Is The That Late I Led, 20. My Heart Belongs To Daddy, 21. Night and Day. 

This is a "Columbia Music Collection" compilation. Includes mono and stereo recordings by artists such as Tonny Benett, Dinah Shore, Doris day, Billie Holliday, Johnny Mathis, Mel Torme, kaye Ballard, Hal Linden, Eileen Rodgers among others. 
Digitally Remastered by Mark Wilder, CBS Studios, NY.

Enjoy this out of print collection and seed if you can!