American Drug War-The Last White Hope (2007), DVDR(xvid), NL Subs, DMT
Verenigde Staten
Documentaire
120 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1033467/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/50472

geregisseerd door Kevin Booth
met Joe Arpaio, Jello Biafra en Jeff Blackburn

Al decennia is er een oorlog tegen drugs aan de gang in de Verenigde Staten. Deze documentaire van 
Kevin Booth, die zelf ook alle drugsproblematiek meemaakte via familie en vrienden, laat zien wat de 
problemen alleen maar erger maakt. Er wordt met verschillende mensen gesproken over het beleid 
en waarom het niet werkt.

The War on Drugs has become the longest and most costly war in American history, the question has 
become, how much more can the country endure? Inspired by the death of four family members 
from "legal drugs" Texas filmmaker Kevin Booth sets out to discover why the Drug War has become 
such a big failure. Three and a half years in the making the film follows gang members, former DEA 
agents, CIA officers, narcotics officers, judges, politicians, prisoners and celebrities. Most notably the 
film befriends Freeway Ricky Ross; the man many accuse for starting the Crack epidemic, who after 
being arrested discovered that his cocaine source had been working for the CIA. AMERICAN DRUG 
WAR shows how money, power and greed have corrupted not just dope fiends but an entire 
government. More importantly, it shows what can be done about it. This is not some 'pro-drug' 
stoner film, but a collection of expert testimonials from the ground troops on the front lines of the 
drug war, the ones who are fighting it and the ones who are living it.

Source: 100%Jakkus.ADWTWH,Thnx M8
Size: 800 MB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Audio:  English
Audio Code: AC3
Bitrate:   448 kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 
Subtitles: NL (hardcoded)
Vertaling: Jopie_123
Controle: Jopie_123
Bewerking + Resync.:  Jopie_123, klasse werk!

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Documentaire

Deze film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER

