The Best of Ask This Old House 44 Common Household Projects Done Right (Video+PDF+Photo-Gallery)

The Best of Ask This Old House: 44 Common Household Projects Done Right (Video+PDF+Photo-Gallery)
eLearning | English | H264 | 720x360 | ~972.6 kbps | AAC | 2 ch | 48 KHz | ~96 Kbps | 3.02 GB
Home Fixing


Need help with a project around your house? The experts at Ask This Old House are ready to lend a hand. We'll show you how to tackle many common projects inside and outside your home - everything from installing a tile backsplash to building a backyard firepit. Each project includes clear, step-by-step guidance from trusted contractors with years of on-the-job experience. You'll learn basic home improvement skills and the tricks-of-the trade that will give you the knowledge and confidence to complete any project successfully.

This two-DVD set contains over six hours of home improvement instruction plus hundreds of photographs of completed renovations to inspire you and help you select the right materials for your project. You'll also find many helpful articles from the pages of This Old House magazine. With so much great information, this DVD may become the most useful tool in your toolbox!

Disc 1 (Total running time is approx. 3 hours, 31 minutes)

Kitchens
Installing a Tile Backsplash
Installing Kitchen Cabinets
Fixing a Jammed Garbage Disposer
Replacing a Kitchen Faucet
Installing Pendant Lighting
Painting Kitchen Cabinets
Building Laminate Countertops

Bathrooms
Replacing a Toilet Flange
Fixing a Bathtub Stopper
Installing a Single-handle Shower Valve
Installing a Water-saving Toilet
Re-grouting Bathroom Tile
Installing a Bathroom Fan
Replacing a Bathroom Vanity and Sink

More Indoor Projects
Fixing Banging Pipes
Replacing Corroded Valves
Installing Wood Crown Molding
Installing Foam Crown Molding
Securing Loose Pipes
Installing a Tankless Water Heater
Adding a Utility Sink
Fireplace Makeover
Fixing a Shaky Stair Banister

Disc 2 (Total running time is approx. 3 hours 15 minutes - plus special features)

Doors, Windows, and Floors
Fixing a Door that Swings Open & Closed by Itself
Fixing Squeaky Floors
Installing Interior Door Trim
Installing Replacement Windows
Refinishing Hardwood Flooring
Replacing a Skylight
Installing a Front Door
Installing Prefinished Wood Flooring

Landscaping, Lawn, and Garden
Planting Flower Bulbs
Patching a Lawn with Sod
Installing a Brick Paver Patio
Reseeding a Lawn
Installing Landscape Lighting
Improving Backyard Drainage
Building a Brick Walkway
Installing a Sprinkler System
Building a Backyard Firepit

More Outdoor Projects
Building a Small Deck
Fixing a Dangerous Deck
Cleaning and Staining a Deck
Installing Aluminum Gutters

Special Features
Printable Photo Gallery with over 180 before and after project images
14 Home Improvement Articles from This Old House Magazine
Complete resource and product information for all projects
