One of the most popular games of the early '90s is reborn! Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix, originally developed by Capcom for the arcade, makes its downloadable debut on the Xbox LIVE Arcade and PLAYSTATION Network. Capcom stays true to the foundation of the popular game by utilizing the original game code, while creating a fresh upgraded experience with new artwork and high resolution 1080p graphics. All of the art has been completely redrawn and created by UDON Comics, which currently publishes the official Street Fighter comic and is responsible for the new contemporary look of the Street Fighter franchise. Features all eighteen of the original Super Street Fighter II Turbo characters including Ryu, Guile, M. Bison and Akuma. One to two player head-to-head play either offline or online. Single player vs. CPU. Player vs. player over the same console. Player vs. player online. Training mode helps fighters hone their skills. Numerous online features: In-game voice chatting between players; Matchmaking flexibility through multiple options; Personal and friends statistics tracking; Worldwide rankings and leaderboards.

Click here to read the complete review

Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo Hd Remix e' un omaggio ad una delle saghe piu' importanti della storia del mondo videoludico ma anche molto di piu', grazie al completo ricalibramento del sistema di gioco, la cui efficacia si potra' comunque verificare solo con il passare dei mesi e delle competizioni.

Clicca qui per leggere la recensione completa



Year : 2009
Genre : Fighting game
Language : Multi5 (English, Italian, Spanish, German, French)
Tested: on PS3 Phat 60GB with CFW Kmeaw 3.55








Install CFW on your PS3
Extract the files
Put pkg files in the root of a memory stick, insert the memory in the PS3, install pkg from the XMB "Install Package file", start the game from XMB

installare CFW sulla PS3
Estrarre i files
Mettere il file pkg nella root di una penna USB, inserire la penna nella PS3, installare il file pkg dal menu "install Package file", far partire il gioco da XMB.