Violin Adagios.2CDs

CD1

01. Meditation - with Jules Massenet, Nigel Kennedy, National Philharmonic Orchestra
02. Adagio - with Kempe Rudolf, Max Bruch, Kyung Wha Chung, Royal Philarmonic Orchestra
03. Largo - with Alan Loveday, Academy Of St. Martin In The Fields, Neville Marriner, Antonio Vivaldi
04. Largo, ma non tanto - with Maurice Hasson, Academy Of St. Martin In The Fields, Henryk Szeryng, Neville Marriner, Johann Sebastian Bach
05. Adagio in E major for Violin and Orchestra - with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Henryk Szeryng, New Philharmonia Orchestra, Alexander Gibson
06. Vocalise - with Akiko Suwanai, Philip Moll, Sergey Rachmaninov
07. Adagio - with Christoph von Dohnanyi, Johannes Brahms, Joshua Bell, Cleveland Orchestra8.Andante - with Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, David Zinman, Joshua Bell
09. Melodie - with Gluck, Arthur Grumiaux, Robert Hajduk
10. Adagio molto espressivo - with Ludwig Van Beethoven, Itzthak Perlman, Vladimir Ashkenazy
11. Canzonetta: Andante - with Leila Josefowicz, Academy Of St. Martin In The Fields, Neville Marriner, Pyotr Il'yich Tchaikovsky
12. Songs my mother taught me - with Arthur Grumiaux, Robert Hajduk
13. None but the lonely heart - with London Festival Orchestra, Pyotr Il'yich Tchaikovsky
14. Romance - with Maxim Shostakovich, Alex Kerr, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Riccardo Chailly

CD2

01. Romance No. 2 in F major - with Philharmonia Orchestra
02. Adagio - with Midori
03. Sault d'amour - with Edward Elgar, Kyung Wha Chung
04. Ave Maria - with Franz Schubert
05. Larghetto - with Antonio Vivaldi, Pinchas Zukerman, Paul Chambers/Cannonball Adderley
06. Larghetto - with Frideric George Handel, Iona Brown, Academy Of St. Martin-In-The-Fields
07. Adagio - with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Arthur Grumiaux, London Symphony Orchestra, Colin Davis
08. Liebeseid - with Kreisler, Joshua Bell, Joe Cocker9.Andante - with Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy, Kyung Wha Chung, Orchestre Symphonique De Montr?al, Charles Dutoit
10. Melodie - with Suwanai/Moll, Pyotr Il'yich Tchaikovsky
11. Adagio di molto - with Jean Sibelius, Kyung Wha Chung, London Symphony Orchestra, Andre Previn
12. Romance: Andante - with Korngold, Juilet, Rundfunkchor Leipzig/Rundfunk-Sinfonie-Orchester Leipzig, John Mauceri
13. Standchen - with Franz Schubert, Arthur Grumiaux, Robert Hajduk
14. Estrellita - with Manuel Maria Ponce, Arthur Grumiaux, Robert Hajduk
15. Air on a G string - with Academy Of St. Martin In The Fields, Neville Marriner, Johann Sebastian Bach
