INSTALLATION:
1. Using 7-zip OR Winrar, Extract The File \"XIII.7z\"
Right Click/7-Zip/Extract Files
or 
Right Click/Winrar Extract Files

2. In the XIII \"System\" folder locate and run the file \"XIII.exe\"

3. Play the game
--------------------
--------------------
--------------------

GAMEPLAY:
The game centres on the main character, who has awakened with amnesia, using a variety of weapons and gadgets to uncover the mystery of his identity. The characters and weaponry in XIII are cel-shaded, giving a deliberately comic book style appearance, including onomatopoeic words contained in bubbles for sound effects, for example when an RPG explodes, the word \"BAAOOOM\" shows up close to where the explosion occurred.

PLOT:
The story begins at Brighton Beach in Brooklyn, New York City where XIII awakes, badly wounded and with no memory of his past. The game roughly follows the storyline of the first five volumes of the comic (the first fifteen issues), although there are several additions to the storyline, and changes were made to better adapt the story to game format. The game ends at the exact point where the comic\'s fifth volume ended, and as such, the complete story is unfinished, leaving room for a sequel.

CHARACTERS:
    \"XIII\" (voiced by David Duchovny): The story\'s protagonist, and the main playable character. It is originally believed that his name is Steve Rowland, but later in the game, it is revealed that he is in fact Rowland\'s rival Jason Fly. XIII wakes up on a beach in New York City with a mysterious tattoo of the Roman numeral for thirteen on his shoulder. XIII learns that he is being targeted by a hitman called The Mongoose and his army of mercenaries. He is also wanted by the FBI for the murder of the President of the United States, William Sheridan. Throughout the game, XIII struggles to uncover his true identity and a conspiracy plot involving a group known as The XX.

    Jones (voiced by Eve): Jones is a soldier who works for General Carrington. She knows that XIII is not guilty of the President\'s murder and is willing to help clear his name. Jones is tough, courageous, and pretty good at handling The Mongoose\'s thugs. She is the inspiration for XIII, and helps him escape FBI clutches.

    Carrington (voiced by Adam West): An old war veteran, Ben Carrington is another one of XIII\'s few allies. He knows very valuable information about the President\'s death and is willing to help XIII. However, he was arrested and brought to a military station in the Appalachian mountains to be silenced by the conspiracy. XIII must infiltrate the base and free Carrington if he is to learn about his past.

    The Mongoose (voiced by Ken Starcevic): An infamous hitman hired by The XX to carry out assassinations for him. The Mongoose is a cruel and cold-blooded murderer who carries out his orders with eagerness and glee. He commands an army of hitmen to do some of his dirty work. XIII encounters The Mongoose many times and must eventually face off against him near the game\'s end.

    Walter Sheridan (voiced by Eddie Crew): The brother of the recently deceased president, William Sheridan. Walter promised that he would finish the work that his brother had started. Walter helps XIII try to stop The XX\'s scheme near the game\'s end. It is later implied in the game\'s cliffhanger ending that Sheridan is actually the head of the conspiracy.

    Colonel Amos (voiced by Ken Starcevic): A wise and old one-armed man. Colonel Amos is in charge of the investigation into the President\'s death. Amos believes that XIII is guilty and attempts to hunt him down and bring him to justice. XIII must prove his innocence to Amos in order to gain his trust.

    Kim Rowland (voiced by Jodi Forrest): The wife of the deceased Steve Rowland. Kim and her husband were both members of the conspiracy. Kim was Number XVII and Steve was Number XIII. But now that XIII has returned, despite claims that he was shot by The Mongoose, Kim believes that her husband is still alive and tries to explain to XIII the mystery surrounding his identity.

    William Standwell (voiced by Mike Morris): An American general with a fiery temper. Standwell was appointed Chief of Staff and had replaced General Carrington. Standwell has mysterious and shady ties to The XX.

    Seymour MacCall (voiced by Jerry Di Giacomo): A gruff and old colonel who operates an army base in New Mexico. He is Standwell\'s right hand man and always takes orders from him. He is also suspected of being involved with The XX.

The XX
Number 	Name 	Position
I 	Walter Sheridan[a] 	–
II 	Calvin Wax 	U.S. Secretary of Defense
III 	William Standwell[b] 	Chief of Staff
IV 	Phillip Gillepsie 	U.S. Secretary of the Interior
V 	Clayton Willard[b] 	U.S. Senator
VI 	Irving Allenby 	Judge, involved with the Sheridan affair
VII 	Franklin Edelbright[b] 	Admiral, USS Patriot
VIII 	Dean Harrison 	Congressman
IX 	Jasper Winslow[b] 	CEO, Winslow Bank
X 	Orville Midsummer 	Proprietor, Press Groups
XI 	Seymour MacCall[b] 	Colonel, SPADS
XII 	Lloyd Jannings 	Advisor to the White House
XIII 	Steve Rowland 	Captain, SPADS
XIV 	Harriet Traymore 	CEO, Federal Steel Corporation
XV 	Jack Dickinson 	CEO, American Legion
XVI 	Norman Ryder 	Colonel, National Guard
XVII 	Kim Rowland 	Steve Rowland\'s widow
XVIII 	Edwin Rauschanberg 	CEO, CBN News
XIX 	Elly Shepherd 	Director General, Department of Defense
XX 	Edward W. Johansson[b] 	Director/Doctor, Plain Rock Asylum

At the end of the game, there is a strong implication that President-elect Walter Sheridan, brother of the assassinated president, is Number I. However, since he is never explicitly identified, that is only speculation. In the comic series, Number I is indeed proven to be Walter Sheridan, and the same is true of the miniseries, but, without a sequel to the game, the likelihood of this being clarified in the game timeline is unknown.
These characters, along with the Mongoose, are battled during the game as bosses.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don\'t forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
all doom, heretic sotsr, hexen + ddc, n similar stuff (52 games)    NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it\'s free, google it
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it\'s free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk