The world might not have been collapsing around REM at the beginning of the 90s, but it was definitely changing. They'd moved beyond the distinct alt-rock that had gotten them known in the first place, they'd made two previous albums of stellar popcraft to die for (Document and Green), and it was time to try something new. So what did Out of Time have to offer? A veritable buffet of shiny songwriting gems, taken into new territory for this band. Outside the simple guitar/bass/drum alternative setup, this disc overflows with other little treats: mandolin, organ, slide guitar, strings and more vocal harmonies than they'd ever used before. "Radio Song" is a low-key groove embellished with some sweet violin and a guest spot by rapper KRS-One. (And though he chants some words, don't imagine that it's anything like the definition of 'rap' today. This is about as hardcore as vanilla pudding.) The mandolin-heavy "Losing My Religion" was an unexpected-yet-natural change from what had come before. "Me In Honey" is also sweet and remarkably bright, with Michael Stipe's heartfelt vocal delivery nicely complemented by Katie Pierson of the B-52s.
Speaking of strings, they pop up in more places than ever before: the cheesy-but-fun "Shiny Happy People" (also with Katie singing - but you knew that already), the sublimely sweet "Endgame," and the stunning ballad "Half a World Away." If there was any justice in this world, THAT track would have been the smash hit that won the band a heaping armful of Grammys. It's been my single favorite song on the album for close to ten years now, and considering how much I love every minute of sugary perfection offered here.. that's really saying something.

You may have noticed me using the word "sweet" more than is common, and.. well.. when talking about the quiet beauty of Out of Time, it's the adjective that comes to mind the most. "Near Wild Heaven" builds one simple riff into something that's positively endearing. "Belong" shows bassist Mike Mills speaking some vaguely hopeful words while a background chorus soars to the sky. He also takes a vocal turn on "Texarkana" (also with more of those beautiful strings), turning a regretful lament into one of the most driving tunes on the album. I guess it's inevitable that "Country Feedback" should seem a little out of place, since it's a sad half-dirge dropped amid a string of bright hopeful tunes. The earlier "Low" is saved from the same ill-fittingness: it's not dark so much as.. well.. just low. It's carried by a quiet organ and a vaguely disjointed batch of Stipe ramblings before a semi-harsh guitar burns things up for a brief moment.

I could take well over my allotted thousand words describing how much listening enjoyment Out of Time has given me in the past decade, but I'd only end up repeating myself. It's simply classic; not because it sold loads of copies and contained a couple singles everybody now knows by heart, but because it's a strong, solid offering that hasn't aged or dated at all since its release. It's a treasure. 

by spiral_mind

TRACKLIST:

01 - Radio Song.wma                                         
02 - Losing My Religion.wma                                 
03 - Low.wma                                                
04 - Near Wild Heaven.wma                                   
05 - Endgame.wma                                            
06 - Shiny Happy People.wma                                 
07 - Belong.wma                                             
08 - Half A World Away.wma                                  
09 - Texarkana.wma                                          
10 - Country Feedback.wma                                   
11 - Me In Honey.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO	