JIMMY DAWKINS AMERICAN ROOTS - BLUES
Label Ichiban 
Original Year: 2002
Format:Mp3@320



There are very few blues guitarists in the world, whose playing is easily identifiable. West Side Chicago’s Jimmy Dawkins is one of this rare list and this compilation album is another proof. Album consists of three sets recorded at Kala Studios, Atlanta and produced by Bryan Cole (drummer). Ten compositions and ten unforgettable, classically performed blues. I can and must say this is the blues; raw, electrified Chicago blues. All ten compositions are great, no single one can be distinguished, but what drives here is Jimmy’s guitar, which is some kind of fantastic; it’s screaming, howling, even talking (Down With The Blues). A truly great guitarist whose playing encompasses the  listener. 
Many blues musicians, even great blues musicians have highly ranked albums where one or two compositions cannot keep within the bounds of the blues but this is not the case. No step is made aside from the blues, no single song is weak. We have here more than fifty minutes of pure Chicago blues. Enjoy!

Tracklist
1 - Lonesome Blues - 6:04
2 - Begging Business - 3:49
3 - Can't Hide My Love - 5:08
4 - Down Down Baby - 3:19
5 - Me, My Gitar and the Blues - 6:48
6 - Cold As Hell - 4:51
7 - Right To Quit You - 3:54
8 - Lonely Guitar Man - 5:17
9 - Know Your Lover - 4:40
10 - Down With The Blues - 6:42

Recorded at Kala Studios, Atlanta, Georgia.


Personnel: 
Tracks 1-3:
Jimmy Dawkins - Guitar & Lead Vocals; Lebron Scott - Bass; Wayne Goins - Guitar solo #3; Henry Parrilla - Piano, Bryan Cole - Drums; John Reid - Horn & trumpet arrangements; Nick Longo/John Longo - Sax;
Tracks 4-6:
Jimmy Dawkins - Guitar & Lead Vocals; Francine Reed - Lead Vocals #4; Mike Lorenz - Rhythm Guitar; Steve McRay - Keyboards; Frank Amata - B3;
Lebron Scott - Bass; Bryan Cole - Drums;
Tracks 7-10: 
Jimmy Dawkins - Guitar & Lead Vocals; Ray Scott/Bryan Cole - Drums; Lebron Scott - Bass; Wayne Goins - 2nd Guitar; Steve McRay - Keyboards; Ted Dortch - Sax; Ernie Baker - Trumpet.
