NOTE: this version isn't compressed for everybody having trouble with that... 
      It was requested by another user, this is not a fake copy, etc.


included: cinema4d studio
          cinema4d prime
          cinema4d broadcast
          cinema4d visualise
          bodypaint 3d
          mograph
          hair
          mosplines
          thinking particles
          cloth

explenations:

CINEMA 4D STUDIO
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CINEMA 4D Studio - Everything You Need for High-End 3D


CINEMA 4D Studio is the very best that MAXON has to offer for professional 3D artists. If you want to create advanced 3D graphics but need a helping hand to ensure you create jaw-dropping graphics quickly and easily, then this is the choice for you.

As well as containing all of the features found in CINEMA 4D Prime, Visualize and Broadcast, CINEMA 4D Studio adds advanced character tools, hair, a physics engine and an unlimited clients network rendering. The end result is that CINEMA 4D Studio can tackle any project you throw at it with ease.

CINEMA 4D Studio's character tools make it easy to create character rigs and advanced character animations. Adding hair or fur to characters is fast and simple with a powerful suite of hair tools that let you grow, comb, style and animate. The physics engine, which has been overhauled in R12, makes it simple to perform complex collisions and interaction between objects, be it a few or thousands. Network rendering allows you to take advantage of all computers on your network to help render your animations faster.

Despite being for advanced 3D, the extra tools found in Studio are still designed to be user-friendly and intuitive. Generating advanced 3D effects such as hair is surprisingly easy and fast, with CINEMA 4D doing much of the hard work for you. For example, hair will automatically swoosh and sway as you move your character around; and making thousands of objects collide with each other only takes a few mouse clicks to set up.

CINEMA 4D Studio lets you unleash your creativity and enjoy 3D without limits. 





CINEMA 4D PRIME
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CINEMA 4D Prime - Professional 3D Starts Here


Renowned for its ease of use, speed and professional results, CINEMA 4D Prime is an ideal choice for all graphic designers looking to add 3D to their toolset.

CINEMA 4D Prime's interface is designed to ease you in to the powerful and exciting world of 3D graphics. The interface is renowned for being intuitive to use. With CINEMA 4D Prime you can start creating great-looking 3D images only hours after getting to know the application. Also included are tutorials that make understanding how CINEMA 4D works quick and easy.

Adding CINEMA 4D Prime to your existing pipeline of 2D applications opens up a wealth of new design possibilities. For example, it's easy to turn 2D artwork into 3D elements using import options such as Illustrator or EPS. Combining images or movies with 3D objects is also simple thanks to a wide array of import options for image formats such as QuickTime, jpeg, After Effects, Photoshop and many more.

CINEMA 4D Prime comes packed with powerful tools that let you create images and animations suited to any industry. Whether you want to create a 3D logo, an illustration, a building, a space ship - or whatever you can imagine - you can rely on CINEMA 4D Prime.

CINEMA 4D may be all the power you ever need. But if you want more advanced tools itΓΓé¼Γäós great to know that you can upgrade to any of the more powerful versions of CINEMA 4D. Prime lets you cost-effectively enter the world of 3D while still giving you an extraordinary set of powerful tools that enable you to produce professional 3D imagery.





CINEMA 4D BROADCAST
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CINEMA 4D Broadcast - The 3D Motion Graphics Powerhouse


CINEMA 4D Broadcast has everything you need to create dynamic broadcast graphics quickly and easily. If you are a motion graphics artist looking to add 3D to your existing suite of tools, then this is the ideal choice for you.

From explosive 3D graphics with dynamic camera moves to graceful animations that are easy on the eye, or slick presentations with glossy finishes - all are easy and quick to create with this motion graphics powerhouse.

CINEMA 4D Broadcast contains all the features of CINEMA 4D Prime as well as specific tools for creating motion graphics, including industry-leading cloning tools, advanced rendering options such as global illumination, a high-end library packed with 3D models, cameras, lighting setups, video clips, and much more.

If you are already familiar with 2D motion graphics software you already have an advantage! CINEMA 4D Broadcast contains many common elements - such as the Timeline and keyframes - which work in the same way. That flattens the learning curve because you only need to learn about new disciplines rather than learn different ways to perform tasks you have already mastered. 

Placing CINEMA 4D imagery into your favorite compositor is also simple thanks to CINEMA 4D's powerful export options that allow multi-layer image export directly into popular compositing software such as After Effects, Motion, Final Cut Pro, Combustion and others. The huge array of options let you have complete control over the images and animations you export. For example, you can have image masks for objects, material properties (e.g. shadow or reflection) on separate layers and even Z-depth information.

With such a tempting array of powerful features and content at a fantastic price, it's easy to make CINEMA 4D Broadcast your first choice for professional 3D motion graphics.





CINEMA 4D VISUALISE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CINEMA 4D Visualize - The Professional Solution for Architects, Designers and Photographers


Whether you need to visualize a mobile phone, a building, a car or anything else, CINEMA 4D Visualize provides everything you need to produce fantastic images and animations quickly, easily and to any level of realism.

It's in your hands whether you want to complete every step using CINEMA 4D Visualize or just add the finishing touches. Included are all the features of CINEMA 4D Prime, giving you a comprehensive suite of modeling and texturing tools, rendering options and so much more. In addition, Visualize provides advanced rendering options (such as Global Illumination, physical sky or sketch-style rendering), huge librairies of 3D scene fillers, textures, lighting environments and so much more.

CINEMA 4D Visualize has a massive range of import options that let you work with models from a large variety of 2D and 3D applications. There is file exchange support for many leading 3D CAD applications such as VectorWorks, ArchiCAD and Allplan, and numerous general-purpose 2D & 3D import options, including .psd, .jpeg, DWG, IGES, VRML, OBJ and more.

CINEMA 4D Visualize's potent combination of features ensures that your work can really stand above that of your rivals. You can create simple walk-throughs and stills in Visualize but you can also do so much more. Create breathtakingly realistic visual animations where birds fly, cars drive, doors open, fountains flow, lights dim, the weather changes, movies play on screens and where cameras fly around your scenes - in ways not possible in reality. CINEMA 4D Visualize breaks through the limits of your own imagination.





BODYPAINT 3D
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BodyPaint 3D - For all Your 3D Painting Needs


Wouldn't it be great if you could have all your favorite image editing tools in a single 3D environment? Wouldn't it be great if they worked in conjunction with your 3D application rather than against it? Well, that is exactly what BodyPaint 3D does!

Wave goodbye to UV seams, inaccurate texturing and constant back-and-forth switching to your 2D image editor. Say hello to hassle-free texturing that lets you quickly paint highly detailed textures directly on your 3D objects.

When it comes to texturing tools, BodyPaint 3D is packed with a huge array of popular image editing tools. Brushes, selection tools, filters, erasers and much more. It can even utilize Photoshop .abr brushes. Full support for tablets ensures that painting with a pen feels just as natural as it does in popular 2D image editors. And of course BodyPaint 3D can deal with image files as large as 16k and with 16-bit and 32-bit color depth.

Compared to 2D painting, perhaps the most exciting feature BodyPaint 3D offers is projection painting. This powerful mode eliminates the need to spend hours creating perfect UV maps. You simply paint what you would like to see on your 3D model, apply the projection and then BodyPaint 3D will quickly adjust your painting so it fits your UVs perfectly - even if there are differing UV sizes and seems. 

BodyPaint 3D was created for all 3D artists and includes free plugins to connect with 3ds Max, Maya, Softimage and LightWave 3D. All other applications can exchange files with BodyPaint 3D using one of the numerous available file formats (e.g. OBJ, FBX or COLLADA).









ENJOY!


The Karaty Chicken, The only chicken with balls....  :P




PS: I would love it if you would send me your cool creations :P have fun!!!

email: dontUspammenow@hotmail.com    (dont-U-spam-me-now)
