Another great surprise from me for you :)
and this won't be the last :)
Stay tuned mates...
This is the newest updated version of Win7 enterprise SP1 x64 French.
Comes from MSN/Technet and this is the final dvd retail so.
Note:
This media refresh includes the installation hotfix described in KB Article 2534111. No other changes have been made to the product.
 
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2534111

multi-volume file but don't worry,you will get the orginal iso.
36 x 76800 ko + 1 x 38862 ko + one read-me !
orginal iso ! untouched and delivered such as !
no serial or crack is included.
100 % clean and trustworthy !

as usual use fast up speed to download this torrent,please !
minimum 30-45 ko/s is suggested as up speed from your part !
I mean :set in your torrent client to download this file.
use can also seed with me during your download at the same time.
This is possible but recommended only for all fast and good connections.
African peers,please,give more upload or your max up speed if you want to have 
a chance to grab it !
if you have slow connection,you must absolutely give the best you can from your up speed.
I still make my best to help and assist you during your download but i can't make some miracles...
sometimes it's impossible to resolve certain conflict between peers...
That's sad and hard but unfortunately true as well.
You must act in cooperative mod with me so.
Lazy peers,i keep an eye on you,so be more cooperative so !
No upload from your part will result to get nothing at all or unfinished
download.
avoid utorrent 3 and bittorrent 8 beta,if you can,as these torrent client often make crap congestion on my torrent network.
use instead utorrent from 1.7.5  to latest v 2.2.1 or BitSpirit,Vuze-Azureus,Bittorrent,Deluge,Tixati,ect...
Since utorrent 3 use DNA acceleration,it can sometimes make hard problem and few conflicts between several peers.
if you cannot download : check your up,first !
a torrent client incorrectly set will inexorably conduct to a bad results.
Never forget that mates ! 
GL and be patient ! i do what i can !
Ty for understanding

Enjoy 

best regards