S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
X3: Albion Prelude (c) Egosoft

15-12-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...............Steam
Simulator............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

X3: Albion Prelude is the latest game in the X3 space game series
TRADE, FIGHT, BUILD, THINK in a living and breathing universe. A new
plot and many additions to the open free-form gameplay

A Bridge Between the Old and New X Universe
X3: Albion Prelude plays in a time between the old and the new X
Universe. It shows a universe in flux, and prepares players for things
to come. The old X Universe is passing; a new X Universe is about to be
created

War!
The X universe is undergoing a period of massive change. What started
as a conflict of interest between the Earth and the races of the X
Universe has now escalated into a full scale war. Play a part in a war
scenario bigger than anything the X Universe has ever seen before!

Corporations Compete for Control of the Future
With the war as a backdrop, corporations old and new are vying for
power and are driving the X Universe in a new direction. A
technological breakthrough will soon allow massive accelerators
forming highways in space and allowing the economy to expand on an
unprecedented scale. Highways, a key feature of X: Rebirth, are not
yet ready, but you can see them being built and participate in the
power struggles around the construction of much larger self sustaining
economies

Features:

A new plot throws you into the power struggle between corporations at a
time of war

New Stock Exchange feature allows advanced investment strategies

Improved graphics quality setting for high end machines

Improved UI introducing charts to visualize economic developments

Support for head tracking

Note: X3: Albion Prelude will not be compatible with save-games from
X3: Terran Conflict

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This is the standalone edition of X3: Albion Prelude, which has X3:
Terran Conflict included too, including latest update to date

Merry Christmas to all friends of the family!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision