For those that grew tired of Korn's signature blend of NU-Metal/Hip Hop, this ones for you... 

"Untitled" is going to be the album that divides the Korn fan base. On one side you will have the hardcore NU-Metal lovers who will hate this album because it stretches so far into a more mainstream rock sound, pretty much leaving out most of the hip hop and Nu-Metal styles. 

And on the opposite side, there will be those true, dedicated fans who will see that "Untitled" is Korn evolved, stretching out past the loss of two core members and trying out new territory. 

2007 has brought MANY changes to the face of music, especially from staples such as Nine Inch Nails, Linkin Park and most notably, Korn. 

I admit, that after Issues, everything that Korn released was an un-original bore. Each album after Issues contained music that they have pretty much already done before. It was tiring, especially their angsty message, which had been repeated since their original self titled release in 94. 

While Untitled doesn't showcase anything amazing in terms of the lyrical department, its the music that really shines here. I will say that Jonathan's vocals are much more realized and focused than on previous outings. We are also treated to a wide range of vocal styles from gutteral death growls, clean vocals, and his signature growl/scream style. 
-One thing that I do really like about this album is that Jonathan's vocal style is largely different in terms of rhythm than on previous Korn offerings. This is a GOOD thing:) The vocals deviate away from the usual blend of incoherent babble and quasi-hip hop and take the form of rock. 

And that is what makes this album so special, the melodies are very different and less Nu-Metal. 

For the most part, those signature repetitive power chord thumps found most prevalent on every-single-Korn-album are missing from "Untitled", and in their place are guitar melodies and harmonies that are vastly mutated under electronic manipulation. The power chords still rear their ugly head once in a while, but they have been put in their proper place. 

Synth's and Keyboards add a much needed dimension to the music, providing all sorts of sound effects and melodies. They really fill out the sound. 

The drumming is rather normal, nothing special or different here. Mostly keeping time, but it fits the music really well. 

Fieldy's bass lines are much more in the background on this one, but they fit the music really well too. 

"Untitled" is a nice blend of rock,industrial, electro and ambiance that fits nicely into a mainstream mold, a nice break from the "usual" Korn stuff. Think more NIN and less Korn. One thing you will notice on "Untitled", is that Korn sounds like they are actually enjoying this music. 

Each instrument is subject to electronic manipulation, which gives room for a lot of variety. 

Overall, "Untitled", while not breaking new ground or shattering the envelope, is Korn's most original effort since their debut record.

by eternal now "roejoerrer"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Intro.wma                                                   
02 - Starting Over.wma                                           
03 - Bitch We Got A Problem.wma                                  
04 - Evolution.wma                                               
05 - Hold On.wma                                                 
06 - Kiss.wma                                                    
07 - Do What They Say.wma                                        
08 - Ever Be.wma                                                 
09 - Love And Luxury.wma                                         
10 - Innocent Bystander.wma                                      
11 - Killing.wma                                                 
12 - Hushabye.wma                                                
13 - I Will Protect You.wma

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

Follow Me On Facebook Pages: MarcelodrgzTPB