Beavis & Butt-head 2011 revival!



"Werewolves of Highland" is the first episode of Season 8 and 201st episode overall of the American animated television series Beavis and Butt-head. It is notable for being the first episode of the series' revival after its initial cancellation in 1997. It aired alongside "Crying" on October 27, 2011 on MTV.

Beavis and Butt-head watch Twilight at a theater, which gives them the idea to become undead to look attractive in order to pick up girls. Later in class, Mr. Van Driessen teaches the students about the undead and after Butt-head asks Van Driessen how to become undead, he tells them that they must be bitten by one, which prompts the duo to leave class and look for a member of the undead. Hoping to become a member of the undead themselves, the duo eventually find a crazy old homeless man they mistake for a werewolf due to having white hair cover his head and much of his face and his large canine teeth. Beavis and Butt-head ask the old man to bite them. The man asks for a dollar, but Butt-head gives him a piece of gum instead, and he bites them numerous times. It turns out that the old man has Hepatitis C, infecting Beavis and Butt-head with it after he bites them. The duo are later seen at home, sick and with a lot of bite marks and jaundice, but think they have become werewolves. While the boys are hanging out in town, two young women find them and discover that they are infected with Hepatitis C and take them to the hospital, even though the duo thought they were going to take them on a date. At the hospital, it is discovered that Beavis and Butt-head not only have Hepatitis C, but Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, gonorrhea, gangrene and other diseases as well, surprising the doctor that they are still alive. As the nurse attempts to insert catheters, they start laughing at her touch, despite their illness, surprising the nurse



Featured videos

MGMT - "Kids"

A clip from Jersey Shore

Skrillex - "First of the Year (Equinox)"

LMFAO (group) - "Champagne Showers"


Enjoy and please SEED when done!!!