Talking Pictures (Addendum 2011)

Jazz Bilzen / Exploding Sausage

The Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band perform at Jazz Bilzen, on
the 22nd of August 1969. High quality PAL DVD.

The Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band star in Adventures of the
Son of Exploding Sausage - the original edit and Garrett
Gilchrist's more music video like re-edit. NTSC DVD.

Plus "Urban Spaceman" performed on Beat Club in NTSC
DVD quality, Neil Innes clips, Bonzo adverts, and more.

The Bonzo Dog (Doo Dah) Band. Legends of British
musical comedy from the 1960s. Wonderful weirdness
to brighten any day. Featuring Vivian Stanshall (who
performed "Death Cab For Cutie" with the band in the
Beatles film Magical Mystery Tour), as well as Neil Innes
(of Monty Python films, The Rutles, Rutland Weekend
Television and The Innes Book of Records).

Jazz Bilzen (PAL DVD) tracklisting:

Neil Innes Interview
Big Shot
You Done My Brain In
Hello Mabel
I'm the Urban Spaceman
Quiet Talks and Summer Walks
I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles
Canyons of Your Mind
Trouser Press

With:

Certain Bonzo-related Neil Innes clips

and

Adverts (Vivian Stanshall and Neil Innes):
Ruddles (Sir Henry at Rawlinson End)
Cadbury (Mr. Slater's Parrot)
Toshiba (Terry Keeps His Clips On)
Diamond White (Canyons of Your Mind)
Slumberdown (Jollity Farm)
Tennent's Extra (Gerry Anderson/Lou Tennent)

------

The Adventures of the Son of Exploding Sausage
(NTSC DVD)

Tracklisting from the 2009 re-edit:
Quiet Talks and Summer Walks
We Are Normal (and We Want Our Freedom)
Ready-mades
You Done My Brain In
Sport (The Odd Boy)
Rockaliser Baby

A color film of the Bonzo Dog (Doo Dah) Band filmed at
their peak in the late 60s by David Korr. The film plays
like a home movie (paricularly due to the quality of the
print!) and isn't particularly interesting compared to video
of the Bonzos actually performing, but it's worthwhile as
a document of the band.

Featuring David Korr's original cut, and a 2009 recut by
Garrett Gilchrist which is more music video like.


With:

I'm the Urban Spaceman - performed on Beat Club,
NTSC DVD quality

Craig Ferguson and friends perform "Look Out There's a
Monster Coming" on the April 5, 2010 edition of his CBS
Late Late Show (which guest-starred Kristen Bell).



For more Bonzo Dog video, download the two-DVD set by
Garrett Gilchrist called Talking Pictures ... which should be
available at The Pirate Bay ....

... and on [You]tube, visit ocpmovie2 's channel.

For more Neil Innes, visit neilinnes.org.
