A group of young moviemakers try to teach cinema to some interns of a prision but they get through many institutionals and financial barriers. The realizers of this course suggest to the prision direction to make a Thanksgiving Concert with music and activities, withouth knowing what would happened. Although they had made several invitations only B.B. King, Joan Baez, The voices of East Harlem and Jimmy Walker accepted. The images of that presentation were made with semi-professional cameras, but it doesn't influence on the movie at all.

This video is not a single documentary or concert. Was a happenning; an opportunity to have a composition of new meetings, new ways of making a prision without being an institution at the control society.It was a crack on the hardness in the system prisio-capitalistic. There are some scenes that expose the realities of the prision besides interviews with the prisioners and even images of the concert shot by the prisioners themselves. We cannot forget an excellent onstage theatrical presentation of the interns.

There are also music presentation with singing and beautiful dissonant voices. There wasn't a better meeting of thanksgiving. But far from there false meetings were happening on the hefty tables of the american bourgeois: Patriot, God fearful, too honest. They were praying and thanking for the prisioners being on the enclosure. The barely knew that there... Actually, the people at home are the one enclosed, enclosed in their selfishness, their ignorance, for their unfailable lords.

Tracklist of the songs played

01 - Voices of East Harlem - Fly, Bird, Fly
02 - Voices of East Harlem - To Be Young, Gifted and Black
03 - Joan Baez - I Shall Be Released
04 - Joan Baez & Mimi Farina - Viva mi patria Boliva
05 - Joan Baez - Prison Trilogy
06 - B.B. King - I Got The Blues
07 - B.B. King - Someone Really Loves You
08 - B.B. King - I Think You're Cheatin' On Me, Baby
09 - Voices of East Harlem - I'll Be Your Heaven
10 - Joan Baez - Sing Sing.

