Thompson Twins - Hold Me Now [promo].VOB



Very HQ rare promo music video. "Hold Me Now" is a song by British pop/new wave band the Thompson Twins. Written by the band members, the song was produced by Alex Sadkin, and the group's lead vocalist Tom Bailey. It was released in November 1983 as the first single of their fifth studio album, Into The Gap. The song is a new wave ballad that uses a varied instrumentation, including a xylophone, a piano and Latin percussion.

Released in the United Kingdom in late 1983, the song peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart in November of that year, and was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) in 1983, becoming the band's biggest-selling single, and their first top five in that country. The song was released in the United States in February 1984. It became the band's highest charting single, peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 in May, and remained in the chart for twenty-one weeks. In addition, the song topped Billboard's Hot Dance Club Play chart for one week in April 1984.

This music video for "Hold Me Now" was directed by Rupert James, produced by Tim Bevan, and edited by Brian Grant, and Nick Morris. The video features the Thompson Twins in a set with a blue background. Each member is standing in a platform, singing or playing a different instrument, a guitar or a piano for Bailey, a xylophone or another percussion instrument for Currie, and a bass guitar or congas for Leeway. The video is heavily edited, with frames sliding from the sides, doubling or tripling, split-screen edits, and close-ups of the band while singing or dancing. At the end, the background changes from blue to red, and the three members are featured together singing, and clapping while the song is fading out.
(video has a 5 semi-transparent blue dots at the bottom right)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hold_Me_Now_(Thompson_Twins_song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/kaceCAADl 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 8000kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:04:41




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
