STANLEY CLARKE SCHOOL DAYS
Released:June 1976
Label: Epic/Sony
Format: Mp3@320

Every pro electric-bass player and their mothers wore out the grooves of this record when it first came out, trying to cop Clarke's speedy, thundering, slapped-thumb bass licks. Yet ultimately, it was Clarke's rapidly developing compositional skills that made this album so listenable and so much fun for the rest of us, then and now. The title track not only contributed a killer riff to the bass vocabulary; it is a cunningly organized piece of music with a well-defined structure. Moreover, Clarke follows his calling card with two tunes that are even more memorable -- the sauntering ballad "Quiet Afternoon" and an ebullient, Brazilian percussion-laced number with a good string arrangement and a terrific groove, "The Dancer." Clarke also brings out the standup bass for a soulful acoustic dialogue with John McLaughlin on "Desert Song." Evidently enthused by their leader's material, David Sancious (keyboards) and Raymond Gomez (guitars) deliver some of their best solos on records -- and with George Duke on hand on one cut, you hear some preliminary flickerings of Clarke's ventures into the commercial sphere. But at this point in time, Clarke was triumphantly proving that it was possible to be both good and commercial at the same time. ~ Richard S. Ginell

Tracklist
1. School Days 7:50
2. Quiet Afternoon 5:06
3. The Dancer 5:23
4. Desert Song 6:53
5. Hot Fun 2:52
6. Life Is Just A Game 9:01

Recorded at Electric Lady Studios, New York, New York and A&M; Studios, Los Angeles, California in June 1976.

Personnel
Stanley Clarke – electric bass guitar, acoustic bass, piccolo bass guitar, acoustic piano, vocals, handbells, gong, chimes, humming, producer, composer
John McLaughlin – acoustic guitar on "Desert Song"
Icarus Johnson – electric and acoustic guitars on "Life Is Just a Game"
David Sancious – keyboards, Minimoog synthesizer, organ on tracks 1-3, electric guitar on track 5
George Duke – keyboards on "Life Is Just a Game"
Milt Holland – percussion, congas, triangle on "The Dancer" and "Desert Song"
Steve Gadd – drums on "Quiet Afternoon" and "Hot Fun"
Billy Cobham – drums, Moog 1500 on "Life Is Just a Game"
Gerry Brown – drums, handbells on "School Days" and "The Dancer"
Raymond Gomez – electric guitar on "School Days", "The Dancer", "Hot Fun"

String Personnel
David Campbell, Dennis Karmazyn, Lya Stern, Thomas Buffum, Janice Adele Gower, Marcia Van Dyke, Karen Jones, Robert Dubow, Ronald Strauss, Rollice Dale, Gordon Marron, John Wittenberg, Marilyn Baker

Brass Personnel
Jack Nimitz, Buddy Childers, Lew McCreary, Dalton Smith, Robert Findley, Gary Grant, George Bohanon, William Peterson, Stuart Blumberg, Albert Aaron

