Season 1, Episode 1: Pilot
Original Air Date—20 January 2008

A high school chemistry teacher is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer and resorts to selling methamphetamine to provide for his family when he is dead.


Season 1, Episode 2: Cat\'s in the Bag...
Original Air Date—27 January 2008

Walt and Jesse manage to get their RV - the mobile meth lab - pulled out of the ditch but face another problem when they realize that Crazy 8, one of their attackers, is still breathing. They face grim choices and losing the coin toss, Walt is the one who has to get rid of him while Jesse will have to get rid of the dead Emilio\'s body. Walt\'s wife Skyler is puzzled by her husband\'s strange behavior and begins snooping, starting with his laptop. Demanding to know what is going on, Walt tells her her Jesse sells him marijuana. She confronts Jesse - just as he is removing Emilio\'s body from the RV. The day gets worse when Jesse ignores Walt\'s very specific instructions on how to get rid of the body.


Season 1, Episode 3: ...And the Bag\'s in the River
Original Air Date—10 February 2008

Jesse and Walt clean up the mess caused by Jesse\'s chosen method to get rid of Emilio\'s body. Walt still has has the dilemma of what to do with Krazy 8 who is still chained in the basement and seemingly getting better. He draws up a list of the pros and cons a killing him but actually ends up developing a rapport with him and tells him of his lung cancer. He soon realizes exactly what Krazy 8 is up to. Jess is smoking more meth that he\'s selling. Walt\'s wife Skyler is concerned that his admitted marijuana use is the cause of his recent personality change. She broaches the subject with her sister who jumps to the conclusion that it\'s Walt Jr. who is on grass and she gets her husband Hank, a DEA agent, to have a chat with the young man.


Season 1, Episode 4: Cancer Man
Original Air Date—17 February 2008

At a briefing, Hank presents his theory that Albuquerque has a new kingpin. At a barbecue, Skyler breaks down and Walter reveals to Hank, Marie and Walter, Jr. that he has cancer. Walter, Jr. doesn\'t respond well. The hole in Jesse\'s ceiling raises some questions. The meth is also making Jesse extremely paranoid. Skyler makes Walter go see a top oncologist. The doctor says it is possible to cure Walter, but it will be expensive. Walter does not want to risk leaving Skyler in debt. When Walter tries parking his car outside MESA, a narcissistic yuppie in his shiny, expensive, convertible BMW with the vanity plate \"KEN WINS\" cuts into a just-vacated square Walter was waiting for to park into. Ken\'s just messed with the wrong man.


Season 1, Episode 5: Gray Matter
Original Air Date—24 February 2008

Jesse tries to get a regular job and put his drug dealing behind him but he finds that there are few opportunities for someone with his education and experience. Jesse tries to cook a new batch of meth but can\'t come anywhere near Walt\'s standard. After attending a birthday party at a now very rich friend\'s house, Walt reconnects with his one-time busy partner Elliott who offers him a job. It turns out Skyler told Elliott about his condition and Walt is not very pleased. Walt Jr. tries to get someone to buy him a six-pack but is busted in the process. He calls his uncle Hank to pick him up and Hank learns from Skyler that it\'s Walt senior who admitted smoking marijuana. Finding his behavior bizarre, the family sets up a intervention where they all get to tell Walt what they think about the situation.


Season 1, Episode 6: Crazy Handful of Nothin\'
Original Air Date—2 March 2008

Walt begins his chemotherapy and returns to cooking crystal meth with Jesse. Soon Jesse is selling their superior product on the street but he only manages to sell an ounce making each of them only $1300. Walt pushes him to be more imaginative and find a distributor to whom they can sell in bulk. Against his better judgment, Jesse approaches Krazy 8\'s replacement as a drug wholesaler, a big time operator named Tuco who doesn\'t quite do business the way he had expected. It\'s left to Walt to sort it all out, telling Tuco his name is Heisenberg. Walt\'s having a hard time dealing with his chemo and is frequently ill. DEA agent Hank traces the gas mask they found in the desert to Walt\'s high school and makes an arrest.


Season 1, Episode 7: A No-Rough-Stuff-Type Deal
Original Air Date—9 March 2008

Having made a deal with Tuco to provide him with two pounds of crystal meth the following week, Walt learns from Jesse that they may have problems getting a key ingredient. Enjoying his new Heisenberg persona, Walt delivers only half a pound to Tuco but demands the entire amount of cash with the promise that he\'ll deliver four pounds the following week. Jesse reels, but Walt has a plan. They will have to break into a pharmaceutical supply warehouse however. Skyler\'s sister Marie throws a baby shower for her and her gift is a baby\'s tiara. Deciding that it\'s too extravagant, Skyler tries to return it to the store with surprising results.