Convert video to all popular portable players

Support all popular video and audio players such as iPod, Zune, PSP, Pocket PC, Creative Zen, Archos, PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, HP iPAQ, iRiver and so on.

Fast speed, High Definition, Professional conversion

Convert video, High Definition video to popular video with super fast speed, excellent quality.
Best Video Converter, convert HD Video/SD Video

Convert between all stand video formats
It can convert between various stand video formats including MP4, MOV, 3GP, AVI, WMV, MKV, RM, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, FLV, ASF and more.

Support high definition video and AVCHD Video
Convert video to HD Video including MTS(AVCHD H.264), M2TS(AVCHD H.264), TS(MPEG-2 HD), HD MKV(H.264, MPEG-2 HD), HD WMV, and HD MOV(H.264, MPEG-4).
Convert HD Video including M2TS, MTS, TS, TP, TRP to popular video such as AVI, MP4, FLV etc. Wondershare Video Converter Platinum is also the best HD video converter and AVCHD video Converter which can convert HD video and AVCHD video to avi, convert M2TS to AVI, convert MTS to AVI, convert TS to MP4 etc with excellent quality.

Extract Video to various Audio formats
Extract audio from video to M4A, WMA, WAV, MP3, AAC, AC3, APE, MKA, OGG, AU, AIFF, FLAC etc.

Fast conversion speed
Provide >300% converting speed, so fast beyond your imagination and automatically shut down your PC after conversion.

Powerful PSP and iPod manager tools
Built- in iPod Video Transfer/PSP Movie Manager allows you to transfer files between PC and iPod/PSP freely.

100% Compatible with Windows 7
This Video Converter is fully compatible with the latest Windows 7.

Powerful video editing

To crop, trim, merge, add watermark and subtitle to enjoy your personalized video
Best Video Converter, Video Converter software - video editing,Crop, trim, effect, watermark

Crop video
Easily crop video to create your ideal video with different screen size.

Trim video files
Trim your video files to convert your favorite movie clips.

Adjust video output effect
Add special effect to your video such as Gray, Emboss, Negative, Old film.

Add Watermark
Add either text or image as watermark to coin and color your video files in a personalized way.

Produce video with subtitle
Allow you to plug-in subtitle file (.srt, .ssa and .ass) to any video.

Merge and split video clips
Complete with a Video Joiner that lets you merge more than one file into a single file.

Capture pictures
Capture pictures from your video and save them as jpeg or bmp files.

Preview and compare
Two real time preview windows let you compare and get the best video effects out of your movies.

Advanced setting and optimized profiles

Customizable options to set video & audio output effect and define your own output files

Configure output video/audio settings such as Resolution, Frame Rate, Encoder, Sample Rate, and Bit Rate to produce exactly the video/audio you need for your mobile device.

Easy operation and free technical support

Bring you easier operation and provide the best and prompt service for you.

Easy-to-use
Just a few clicks to convert video to common video files.



Install use key
DO NOT UPDATE THIS SOFTWARE