Your deadline just got moved up. Your artist has never worked with Flash before. Your inner programmer is telling you that no OOP is a big Oops! Any Flash developer can share similar tales of woe. This book breaks down the process of Flash game development into simple, approachable steps. Never heard of a game loop before? No idea what a design pattern is? No problem! Chris Griffith gives you real-world expertise, and real-world code that you can use in your own games. Griffith has been building games in Flash long enough to know what works and what doesn’t. He shows you what you need to know to get the job done.

Griffith covers Flash for the everyday developer. The average Flash developer doesn’t have luxurious timelines, employers who understand the value of reusability, or the help of an information architect to design a usable experience. This book helps bridge the gap for these coders who may be used to C++, Java, or C# and want to move over to Flash. Griffith covers real-world scenarios pulled from his own experiences developing games for over 10 years in the industry.

The 2nd edition will include: completely new game examples on more advanced topics like 3D; more robust physics and collision detection; and mobile device coverage with Android platform development for us on phones and tablets. Also coverage of the new features available in Flash CS5, Flash Player 10.1, and AIR 2.0 that can be used for game development. The associated web site for the book: www.flashgamebook.com gets close to 1,000 visits a month. On the site, readers can find all the source code for the examples, news on industry happenings, updates and special offers, and a discussion forum to ask questions and share ideas.

    Teaches Flash users the most effective ways to leverage Flash as a game development tool. Concrete, relatable approaches to Flash game development.
    Covers ALL the aspects that come into play when developing a game in Flash, including art, animation, scripting, and optimization. Provides sound strategies, and realistic goals for success – with REAL-WORLD examples and code included so that programmers become quickly empowered to make their own Flash games.
    Website www.flashgamebook.com offers all the source code for the examples, news on industry happenings, updates and special offers, and a discussion forum to ask questions and share ideas.
    WHAT’S NEW in 2nd Edition: adding mobile game development on Android OS, along with host of other updates, revisions. There are 3 new games that author builds from scratch. One uses a popular 3D framework to demonstrate bringing Flash games into the 3rd dimension, while using 2D programming under the hood. The other two game examples focus on deployment to the Android mobile platforms, one for a phone and one for a tablet.
