SENSATIONAL SPIDER MAN ANNUALS VOL 1 & 2

Presented here in JPEG [Vols 1 &2]
Vol 1 also in CBR
Vol 2also in CBZ

SENSATIONAL SPIDER MAN ANNUAL VOLUME 1 1996

Kraven's First Hunt

November 1996
Written by J.M. DeMatteis, Mark Gruenwald
Penciler Shawn McManus, Pat Broderick
Inker Shawn McManus, Pat Broderick
Artwork by Shawn McManus, Pat Broderick.
Cover Art: Shawn McManus, Pat Broderick
Editor Ralph Macchio.

The setup for the issue is that Mary Jane is having coffee with a friend of hers that was almost more than a friend (from the time when she was in Los Angeles without Peter, following the bizarre Howard Mackie storyline where she was held hostage and believed dead). He is working for Shield now, and wants her help in arresting Peter.
Meanwhile, Gift of Magi style, Peter is looking into giving himself up in return for protection of Mary Jane and Aunt May. So Peter goes to a cop friend to turn himself in. Both Peter’s talk with the cop and Mary Jane’s talk with the Shieild agent lead to flashback sequences, which is where the meat of the story takes place, as Fraction expertly leads us through the points of view of Peter and Mary Jane back then, telling the same story from each of their perspectives.
Meanwhile, Salvador Larocca (with Paco Roca as the Color Artist…that is a pretty good term, basically the same as my Digital Painter credit I wanted invented for colorists who do what Roca do, which is more in depth than normal coloring) produces some excellent artwork – the strongest I have seen from him in awhile, especially on the flashback sequences, where he apes John Romita and Ross Andru beautifully, but without being too cheesy. Very nice work by Larocca.

THE SENSATIONAL SPIDER MAN ANNUAL VOLUME 2 2007

Til’ Death Do Us Part

A long-lost suitor from Mary Jane’s past presents her with a shocking offer: she can walk away from the torment and tragedy of life on the run…and all she has to do is turn in Spider-Man. Given the choice between a fugitive’s life and the fame and fortune she left behind to marry Peter Parker, will she take the deal? Meanwhile, across town, Peter Parker brokers the safety of his wife and Aunt May…even at the cost of his freedom. How much madness and loss can one marriage take? Join us in this retrospective of one of the most enduring love stories in comics.

Published:  May 2007
Editor-in-Chief   Joe Quesada
Cover Artists     Salvador Larroca
Writers: Matt Fraction
Pencilers: Salvador Larroca
Inkers: Salvador Larroca
Colourists: Paco Roca
Letterers: VC's Cory Petit
Editors: Alejandro Arbona Warren Simons
