 http://img18.imageshack.us/img18/4479/2400x593.jpg





The No Sweat Exercise Plan: Lose Weight, Get Healthy, and Live Longer



McGraw-Hill 
HARVEY B. SIMON
304 pages 
English 
ISBN: 0071448322 
PDF 
English
2.25 MB

A leading Harvard Medical School doctor introduces his innovative exercise plan that helps you lose weight through your day-to-day activities.No Stress. No Strain. No Sweat.Forget Pilates machines, gym memberships, and marathons. To get the health benefits of exercise, you need only to ramp up your everyday activities. In The No Sweat Exercise Plan, Harvard Medical School Associate Professor Harvey B. Simon, M.D., shows you how to fit fitness into your daily routine--without breaking a sweat.

Dr. Simon's motto is "No pain, big gains." His simple program is guaranteed to help you:
* Shed pounds you don't want and inches you don't need
* Increase your energy and stamina
* Decrease stress, avoid mood swings, and beat depression
* Reduce your risk of heart disease, diabetes, osteoporosis, and cancer
* Look and feel younger and add years to your life

With Dr. Simon's No Sweat Exercise Pyramids you can create a personalized fitness plan to fit your needs . . . and your busy schedule.

Media coverage of health and fitness is at an all-time high. Everyone wants to be fit and healthy but not everyone has the time, energy, or motivation to hit the gym or do laps around the track. "Light" exercise has been recommended by doctors for years, but no one knew how much was enough to make a difference. The No Sweat Exercise Plan offers you a unique point system for tracking how much exercise you are really doing, and giving you a goal to achieve each week.

The book features the No Sweat Exercise Pyramids, a set of practical, visual guides that shows the types and amounts of exercise required for good health. An easy-to-follow point system assigns points to such activities as gardening, housework, climbing stairs, and walking. You simply set goals based on their personal needs, then calculate how many points you need to get--and stay--fit..............



[/color][/code][/b]