Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Amanda Carol "Mandy" Barnett (born September 28, 1975 in Crossville, Tennessee) is a country music singer and stage actress. In her musical career, she has released three albums and charted three singles on the Billboard country charts. Her highest-charting country single is "Now That's All Right With Me", which reached #43 in 1996. Barnett has also held the titular role in the musical Always… Patsy Cline, a musical based on the life of Patsy Cline.

As a teenager, Mandy starred as country music legend Patsy Cline in the stage show "Always...Patsy Cline" at the celebrated Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee. The performances were sold out nightly and received rave reviews across the country. Mandy, in role as Patsy appears on the Decca Records cast recording.

She soon signed with Asylum Records where she released her first CD as herself, appropriately entitled, "Mandy Barnett." The album received glowing reviews in major trade publications and magazines, including "Playboy" and "Time," as well as praise from veteran country artists and fans.

In due course, Seymour Stein, who introduced the world to Madonna, Seal, The Barenaked Ladies, k.d. lang, heard Mandy's voice and was, he said, "spellbound." When Stein launched Sire Records within Warner Music Group, Mandy was the first artist he signed. Mandy's Sire Records project paired her with the undisputed pioneer of the Nashville Sound, producer Owen Bradley. The album "I've Got A Right To Cry," would be his final contribution to the community who knew him through his work with legends Ernest Tubb, Brenda Lee, Loretta Lynn, Patsy Cline and Kitty Wells. Owen died four songs into the project but not before leaving his unmistakable mark on the album. His brother and longtime partner, Harold Bradley, inherited the delicate task of finishing the album with Mandy. A legal pad filled with Owen's handwritten notes for each song guided the two through the rest of the sessions.

"I've Got A Right To Cry" was a huge critical success. "Rolling Stone" magazine named the project the top country album of 1999. Other stellar reviews appeared in "People," "Newsweek," "Interview," and multiple national newspapers. Mandy appeared on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" and "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" as a result of her acclaim.

In addition to her own CD's she has been featured on a variety of movie soundtracks, including "A Walk On The Moon," "Traveller," "Space Cowboys" "Election," and "Drop Dead Gorgeous. She also sang on the Sponge Bob Squarepants CD, "THe Best Day Ever," released in late 2006.

In 2009 she reprised her role as Patsy Cline in the smash musical "Always...Patsy Cline" for a special 15 year anniversary performance at the historic Ryman Auditorium, she will return to the role in June 2010 for a brief run at the Ryman Auditorium. She continues to play shows, both nationally and internationally, singing country classics and the American song book along with the Cline numbers that brought her to fame. She is a frequent guest on the Grand Ole Opry.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/