                 P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! 


                      Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime RIP                    

   Release Date  :  24/03/2011                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 44x5.00MB             Company     :  Atari

   Release Notes:

   Strap on your proton packs for an all new ghostbusting adventure!        
   Ghostbusters: Sanctum of Slime brings paranormal activity to PC          
   Download! With 4 new playable characters and a whole new team of         
   Ghostbusters, get ready for a fast-paced battle against the evil         
   spirits that lurk in New York City to take down Dumazu the Destroyer!    
                                                                            
   Features:                                                                
                                                                            
   Choose to play as any of the new Ghostbusters crew                       
                                                                            
   Immerse yourself in the fight against the paranormal – battle            
   ghosts in sewer tunnels, cemeteries and more                             
                                                                            
   Gain new weapons to increase your ghostbusting gear                      
                                                                            
   Ride in the all new ECTO-4WD as you battle evil ghosts                   
                                                                            
   Combine weapon attacks with your teammates to increase the power         
   of your attacks                                                          
                                                                            
    Up to 4 player co-op multiplayer                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          

   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-gsos.exe                                       
   3. Start game with GhostBustersSOS.exe                                   
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            


     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!