sArchiver 3.7.3 MacOSX

sArchiver is an archiving utility with great intuitive user friendly interface. Once it's placed on your dock you can decompress your downloads, mail attachments and all other archives you have directly by dropping them over the sArchiver's icon. If the archive is password protected, sArchiver automatically asks for the password before decompressing. After extraction it automatically opens the destination folder (can be toggled from the preferences) so you don't have to reach it manually.

The RAR compression format.
The RAR compression format is one of the best compression formats in the world.
Many archivers can compress in numberless formats but non of them can handle the RAR or they handle it incompletely.
sArchiver fully supports RAR compression and decompression.

Splitting archives.
sArchiver is also able to split archives to volumes with size of your choice.
Supported size formats are in Kilobytes, Megabytes and even Gigabytes!

Integrated archive convertor.
You can easily convert Rar, Zip, 7z, LHA, Arj archives to Rar, 7z, Zip.

sArchiver is able to create SFX (self extracting) archives.
Wouldn't it be great if you can archive your valuable data and transfer it somewhere else, without worrying about unarchivers?
sArchiver's SFX archives are extremely useful when transferring data from one computer to another or when exchanging data with person who may haven't installed the particular unarchiver.
sArchiver's SFX archive extracts itself without need of any applications or utilities.
You can also leave notes inside the archive for yourself or other person. It's useful if you want to leave a message or password hint for someone.

Final words.
Imagine how free and powerful you can be with such utility.
If you have sArchiver you will forget about all others, trust me. It's just awesome.
Get all these awesome features in one product today.
Make your life better.

Supports compression to:
Rar, Zip, 7z, Arj, LHA, Tar, GZip, BZip2, Split archives (Rar, Zip, 7z)
Decompress:
Rar, Zip, 7z, Arj, LHA, GZip, Tar, BZip2, Split archives (Rar, Zip, 7z)
Convert:
Rar, Zip, 7z, Arj, LHA to Rar, Zip, 7z
Test:
Zip, 7z, Tar.gz, Tar, Bzip2

Intuitive and user friendly interface
sArchiver can easily convert archives from one type to another
Supports drag & drop over the icon and automatically decompress and open the destination folder
Great for use as default archiver
Shortcut button gives the great feature to open the folder of the archive you are currently working with
Shows extended information about the archive
Can remove files and directories from already packed archives
Can add files and directories to already packed archives
Can test archives for errors
Can preview images inside archives without extracting
Can protect archives with password
Support splitting to volumes of Rar, Zip and 7z archives
Automatically ask for password if the archive is password protected

10.5 +

“
Version 3.7.3:

* sArchiver is now x64.
* Minor GUI bug fixed inside the DMG creation utility. ”

