Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father to Bless All that SEED LONG!!!
Description
                                           POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

 

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Daniel & Ezekiel - End Times

This is memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech  --  High Speed Server

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Daniel & Ezekiel - End Times[/size]

Do you know the Most Amazing Passage in the entire Bible?

In this study of Daniel's 70 Weeks, you will discover this amazing prophecy in the Old Testament predicted the very day that Jesus presented Himself as the Meschiach Nagid, the Messiah the King, to Jerusalem.

The Seventy Week Prophecy of Daniel 9 includes the most incredible validation of Jesus Christ as the Messiah, which He held them accountable to have known.

In a confidential briefing to His disciples, Jesus also highlights this passage as the key to understanding all other prophecies concerning His return.

It is essential to understanding the Book of Revelation and other related passages.

This DVD includes notes in PDF format and MP3 files.

Encoding: ( Very Happy ) :Dvix
Format: Color, Fullscreen
Aspect Ratio: 4:3
Audio Encoding: Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo
Mp3
Pdf Notes
Run Time: 2 hour(s)
Number of discs: 1


Ezekiel[size=16]  

The book of Ezekiel contains some of the most incredible prophecies in the Bible, including detailed description of a Nuclear War and the cleanup afterward. Ezekiel ministered to a nation experiencing judgment for their sins, and may have some lessons for us today.

Ezekiel's name means "God strengthens, or God will strengthen." Ezekiel is one of the three that were called Captivity Prophets (the other two are Jeremiah and Daniel). Ezekiel never mentions Jeremiah in his writings, but he does mention Daniel three times. Ezekiel had remained with the remnant in the land and then was taken in captivity to Egypt.

Ezekiel Mp3 format only.

   * Introduction and Ezekiel Chapter 1. The four living creatures. The Camp of Israel.
   * Chapters 2-3 - Ezekiel's call. Preparation, and the office as a Watchman.
   * Chapters 4-5 - Siege on Jerusalem. 430 days. 3 balances.
   * Chapters 6-7 - Mountains. The end is come. Idolatry in the Temple.
   * Chapters 8-11 - 6 men. Shekinah glory leaves the Temple.
   * Chapters 12-13 - Rebellious house. Zedekiah. Pelatiah is judged. False Prophets.
   * Chapters 14-16 - Judgement. Noah, Daniel and Job. Unfruitful Vine. Parable of Jotham.
   * Chapters 17-19 - The great eagle. Individual accountability. 2 lions.
   * Chapters 19-20 - The history of rebellion. Idols of Egypt. Scattered Among the Nations.
   * Chapters 21-22 - The sword. City of Blood. Smelting Furnace.
   * Chapters 23-24 - 2 sisters. Cup of Judgment. The Boiling Pot.
   * Chapter 25 - God's Judgment on the Muslim Nations: Ammon, Moab, Edom.
   * Chapters 26-27 - God's Judgment on the Muslim Nations: Tyre, Persia, Ophir.
   * Chapter 28 - The Power Behind the Throne. Satan. The Gap Theory.
   * Chapters 29-31 -God's Judgement upon Egypt. The Sword Continues. The fall of Pharaoh. Egypt and the Aswan Dam.
   * Chapter 32 - Tour of Sheol. The Rise of Islam. 666 and the anti-Christ.
   * Chapter 33-35 - The Role of the Watchman. The Wicked Shepherds. Judgment of Edom.
   * Chapters 36-37 - The Restoration of the Land. The Restoration of the Nation. The Vision of the Dry Bones.
   * Chapters 38-39 - The Magog Invasion. Nuclear Weapons? Timing Placement.
   * Chapter 40-42 - The Vision of the Temple. Which Temple? Angel of the Lord. Zadok. Inner Court.
   * Chapters 43-45 - New worship of God. Return of glory. Sacrifices.
   * Chapters 46-48 - New appointments of the land of Israel to the Tribes. Division of the Land. The Sanctuary. The City.
   * The Origin of Evil part 1 - The Origin of Evil. When Did Satan Fall?
   * The Origin of Evil part 2 - Spiritual Warfare. Armor of God.

Encoding: Region 0 (NTSC only. This DVD will be viewable in other countries WITH the proper DVD player snd television set. Read more about DVD formats.)
Format: Color, Fullscreen
Aspect Ratio: 4:3
Audio Encoding: Dolby Digital 2.0 stereo
Run Time: 22 hour(s)
Number of discs: 4



JESUS:[/size] Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

This is what is coming and more.
If you do not believe in The Rapture and Jesus, you will need to Study The Below Survival videos.

More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?aid=13&adid=79
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                                                         

            ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    

 

 

 