 http://bayimg.com/baLmMAadE

Before the Fall (2008) 

Tres días (original title) 

Director: F. Javier Gutiérrez
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0984155/

Spanish language with English subtitles

The world learns that a planet killing meteorite will arrive in 72 hours. 

Director: F. Javier Gutiérrez

F. Javier Gutiérrez's Tres días (aka Three Days, aka Before the Fall) in which a meteor is headed towards earth that is so large the chances are zero that anything will survive. The opening shot of a satellite orbiting the planet rattling apart before disintegrating (and this from a small advance token of the big rock to follow) implicitly promises doom on a number of literal and metaphorical levels. These pre-shocks, echoed in the English language title (Before the Fall) are what we witness here and offer some interesting insight into the human need to keep the drama going even in the face of absolute futility. Like Shakespeare said in Macbeth, "...a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more." What I love about this movie is that it proves yet again that there are really no end to the angles and perspectives where a genre-film can reach; there is always another interesting story right around the corner. 

The story follows 20-something Ale who runs a crew of general labour handy-men fixing things that break down in the small town of Laguna. Ale lives in the shadow of his successful older brother, Tomas, who remains a bit of a local hero in putting a serial killer behind bars a decade and a half prior; saving young Ale, nearly the killers last victim in the process. Ale has no girlfriend (although he pines for the girl next door whose boyfriend got her pregnant and then took off) and lives at home with his mother, while Tomas has a family of four kids and is mobile enough to be traveling around Spain. 

The catch is that Ale and Mom discover that the kids do not know about the impending apocalypse being isolated without TV or Radio at the cottage-home in the desert. This is where Tres Días shines as a meditation on how we protect children and family from the truth for their own good, yet kill them with harbouring the secrets and lies. Considering the subject matter, it is remarkable how the film plays out so quietly and shifts genre so elegantly from morbid family drama to western existentialism to set-piece action picture as the acts go along. The underlying fact that all the struggles, physical and emotional are not going to matter in a few days yield some fresh new flavours, imparting the film with a savage grace worthy of the attention of any fan of genre films that step over and above their genre. It should also be mentioned that Spain seems to be the best treasure trove on the planet for astonishing child actors. Performances across the board here are convincing, even if you get a bit squirmy as to what they put these kids through. 

The film brings up some interesting questions, like how far would you go to protect something you knew was already lost and actually plays more like a modern western than an apocalyptic epic. Yet despite the fascinating premise and a slew of good performances much of the film ends up playing like your standard pessimistic serial killer flick. The villain is supernaturally calm and evil and the hero is so clearly outmatched that his bittersweet victory feels more perfunctory than triumphant. It is a testament to Víctor Clavijo’s natural charisma that we feel anything for his character at all. Perhaps if the filmmakers had taken the time to better develop his character before dropping him into this action movie plot, but as it is he is merely another slacker in over his head and his greatest achievement seems to realizing that ignorance is bliss. Not really that comforting a message in these strange times.

What elevates the film, in addition to the child actors who are all natural and sympathetic, is the cinematography. The dusty Andalucia countryside is used to great effect, and even a sky full of stars starts to feel menacing in light of the plot. It is a shame that the editing does not share this quiet dignity, frantically cutting in an attempt to build suspense. In the end, “Before the Fall” is another case of the sum being less than the parts with sci-fi clichés being replaced with crime thriller clichés.




