DVD1 - What is depresculinity?
DVD2 - The Three Brains
DVD3 - Positive and Negative Emotions
DVD4 - The Equation of Masculinity
DVD5 - The Anger Map
DVD6 - Masculine Skills and Needs
DVD7 - The Wasteland of Depresculinity
DVD8 - The Hero's Journey
DVD9 - Bonus Material

Content info:
You always knew there ought to be a name for it - the state of mind suffered only by men, related to women and or work... and not be fully living.

We have a word to coin. One that's likely been in your life at some point, if only for a day, or a week, or a month. It blocked your ability to meet women, but not to be out and about socially. It thwarted your sense of pride in your work, but not enough to prevent you from getting out of bed every morning to take the bus to that office cubicle.

It’s DEPRESCULINITY ® - an interesting word, isn’t it?

You already know what it means I suspect. If you are a man, you have very likely felt it at some point of your life, if even for an hour or a day or a week.

As the name might imply, it has something to do with “depression,” and also something to do with “masculinity,” which is of course of interest to men. It is a situation specific to men and which only men would find themselves in.

This is not a newsletter or a site for actual healthcare. It’s about discussing issues that are important to men. In kind, leaving aside clinical diagnoses, I’m sure there was a time in your life that you just felt bad about yourself, about how your life is going, you wish there had been more for you, and you maybe didn’t even have the words for what you were experiencing.

It didn’t feel like something you felt the desire to go get checked – it just felt “blah,” like you could still go to work, socialize or have friendships, but there was just a gnawing sensation that “something was missing” for you.



At times in the past – newsletters and even the Mature Masculine Power Program – I have talked about Joseph Campbell’s “hero’s journey,” and how a feature of that model of growing the life of a man has periods in it he called “The Wasteland.”


www.menspsychology.com