Electric Light Orchestra - Livin' Thing [promo].VOB



HQ rare promo music video. "Livin' Thing" is a song written by Jeff Lynne and performed by Electric Light Orchestra. It appears on ELO's 1976 platinum-selling album, A New World Record. Patti Quatro sang uncredited vocals, particularly the 'higher and higher' parts of "Livin' Thing", according to Unzipped, an autobiography by her sister Suzi Quatro.

In August 2006, "Livin' Thing" was named by the UK's Q magazine as the #1 'Guilty Pleasure' single of all time, a list designed to celebrate 'uncool' but excellent records, and which received considerable publicity. The original single had the added bonus of having "Fire On High" on the flip side, a song that became the band's most popular instrumental piece. The UK version was released in a Blue vinyl format.

The repeated chorus of the song has been subjected to frequent interpretation, because the lyric never explicitly identifies what "it" is. This has led to the interpretation by some that the song was intended as an anti-abortion or a pro-environmentalist statement. Lyrical imagery elsewhere in the song may also give support to these impressions.

Jeff Lynne has confirmed that the song was intended to be about love and the loss of love. Originally, the song was recorded with a totally different set of lyrics about a holiday in Spain, although this version never saw the light of day.
(video has a 5 semi-transparent blue dots at the bottom right)


   
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Livin'_Thing 
      
http://bayimg.com/EaBiPaAdj 



File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 6000kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:30




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*      
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 

