 http://bayimg.com/faeFOAAdD

Nienasycenie (2003)

Insatiability
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0382197/

Polish language with hard English subtitles.

Nienasycenie  (Insatiability) is a major novel by the Polish writer, dramatist, philosopher, painter and photographer Stanislaw Ignacy Witkiewicz. Nienasycenie was written in 1927 and first published in 1930. It is his third novel.

 Cezary Pazura ...  Zypcio's father / Putrycydes Tengler / Kocmoluchowicz 
 Michal Lewandowski ...  Kapen Genezyp de Vahaz Zypcio 
 Katarzyna Gniewkowska ...  Princess Ticonderoga Irina Vsievolodovna 
 Weronika Marczuk-Pazura ...  Persy 
 Leon Niemczyk ...  Old Prince 
 Arkadiusz Jakubik ...  Sturfan Abnol / Mandarin Wang 
 Mikolaj Krawczyk ...  Scampi, Princess Irina's son 
 Ewa Decówna ...  Zypcio's mother 
 Anna Wendzikowska ...  Eliza 
 Miroslav Caslavka ...  Toldzio Porayski, Zypcio's cousin 
 Marek Kasprzyk ...  Michalski 
 Boguslaw Semotiuk ...  Professor Bechmetyev 
 Marcin Dorocinski ...  General Niehyd-Ochluj 
 Wojciech Malajkat ...  Narrator / Colonel Michal Weborek 
 Marcin Wiercichowski ...  Kocmoluchowicz's Aide-de-Camp 


The film Nienasycenie / INSATIABILITY, directed by Wiktor Grodecki based on the novel of the same title by Stanislaw Ignacy Witkiewicz, was selected for the Berlin International Film Festival. The film will be screened as part of the festival's Panorama section.

Nienasycenie was screened at the Festival of Polish Feature Films in Gdynia. The film stars Cezary Pazura, who is featured in three different roles. The actor portrays the father of the main character, Zypcio; the crazed, corrupt and undervalued composer and pianist Putricydes Tengier; and the depraved quartermaster Kocmoluchowicz.

Alongside Pazura, the film features Pazura's wife and the film's producer Weronika Marczuk-Pazura (as Persa), as well as Michal Lewandowski (Zypcio), Katarzyna Gniewkowska (Duchess Irina Wsiewolodowna), Leon Niemczyk (the Old Duke) and Arkadiusz Jakubik (Sturfan/Wang).

The film was produced by an international team made up of Polish and Lithuanian film professionals and was filmed in Lithuania. Most of the outdoor scenes in the film were shot at the Lithuanian Film Studio in Vilnius. Renowned jazz artist Leszek Mozdzer composed the music.

Director Wiktor Grodecki with his film Insatiability adapts Stanislaw Igncay Witkiewicz’s provocative 1930’s novel about the collapse of Western civilization as seen thought the eyes of confused 18-year-old boy.

The stunningly handsome young hero is an idealistic heir to a large brewery in Poland.  He is corrupted by the advances of both the decadent Princess Irina, who is after his money, and the court jester, the mad gay hunchback monk, who is after his virginity.  Set against a futuristic invasion of China into Eastern Europe, Insatiability  is a wild cinematic ride, a cornucopia comprised of black comedy, sex romp and satiric socioeconomic dogma.

Trying to do a combination of Pier Paolo Pasolini and Pedro Almodovar, Witkor Grodecki’s Insatiability (2003) tells the tale of a young 18-year-old man who is coming of age at the time when Fascism is coming to Poland.  Though none of the sex or violence is quite as graphic as Pasolini’s work, (especially Salo, which the case provocatively notes,) it eventually becomes very political and smart after a slow start.

He has money and along with his looks, blond hair and attractive body, he is a target for so many things and faster than you can say Fox & his friends, finds himself in the middle of the growing madness as all kinds of situations and other person’s self-interest conspire to create mass chaos.  The original Stanislaw Igncay Witkiewicz book was set in the 1930s, but this film version is set in a strange near future where China is invading Poland.  At 128 minutes, it wears thin faster than expected, but if interested in the material, it is worth your time.


Method Fest 
2004  Won Best Director Wiktor Grodecki 
 
Polish Film Awards  
2004  Nominated Eagle Best Costume Design (Najlepsze Kostiumy) Daiva Petrulyte 
2004  Nominated Eagle Best Film Score (Najlepsza Muzyka) Leszek Mozdzer 
 
