Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite

[IMG]http://i71.photobucket.com/albums/i122/Slickinator2006/adca.jpg[/IMG]
This is a AIO=all in one loader just double click and use clickable buttons.

Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite is the perfect combination of Aiseesoft DVD Ripper, Aiseesoft Total Video Converter and Aiseesoft iPod to Computer Transfer. With these powerful DVD Converter Suite, you can easily convert DVD and video to all the popular formats: MP4, H.264, AVI, MP3, WMV, WMA, FLV, MKV, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, 3GP, 3GPP, VOB, DivX, Mov, RM, RMVB, M4A, AAC, WAV, etc, extract audio from DVD movie or video file and convert them to M4A, MP3, AC3, AAC, WMA, WAV, OGG, transfer songs and video from iPod/iPhone to PC with super fast conversion speed and excellent image and sound quality.

Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite supports almost all the portable devices, such as: PSP, iPod Classic, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPhone (3G), iPhone, Zune, Zune 2, Blackberry, Nokia, Creative Zen, Sony Walkman, iRiver PMP, Archos, PS3, Apple TV, Xbox, iPAQ, Pocket PC, Mobile Phone, etc. You can enjoy your favorite DVD and video files on them.

Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite has strong movie editing functions of movie joiner, movie cutter and movie crop for you to edit your movie. It also allows you to customize the settings including video and audio bitrate, resolution, frame rate, etc. You can also choose the audio track and subtitle of DVD to meet your needs.

Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite is very user-friendly and easy to use, you can convert DVD an video to various video and audio formats, and transfer songs from iPod/iPhone to PC with just a few clicks for you mouse.

Key Functions

    * Convert DVD and any video/audio to the various video/audio formats
      Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite software could easily convert DVD and any video to the various video/audio formats such as MP4, H.264, AVI, MP3, WMV, WMA, FLV, MKV, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, 3GP, 3GPP, VOB, DivX, Mov, RM, RMVB, M4A, AAC, WAV, etc.
    * Support almost all popular portable players
      Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite software can convert DVD and video to all the popular devices: PSP, iPod Classic, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPhone (3G), iPhone, iPhone 4, iPad, Zune, Zune 2, Blackberry, Nokia, Creative Zen, Sony Walkman, iRiver PMP, Archos, PS3, Apple TV, Xbox, iPAQ, Pocket PC, Mobile Phone, etc.
    * Transfer songs and video from iPod/iPhone to PC
      It could easily transfer your songs and video from iPod/iPhone to PC, then you can backup the videos or songs, you also could transfer them to another iPod or iPhone through the iPhone transfer software.
    * Easy and powerful editing function (Merge, Trim, Crop, Watermark)
      Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite software offers powerful editing functions such as merging multiple DVD chapters, titles or different videos files into one file, trimming any clip of video or DVD, cropping video size, add watermark for output videos and so forth.
    * Set video effect
      Get your desired video quality by modifying video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation. With it, you also can apply your modified standard to all the movies.

Key Features

    * Get adjustable quality to put converted video on player
      Define video settings, so you can set the Video Encoder, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate, Resolution.
      As for the Resolution, if you don’t find what you want, you are available to input your own resolution in Width(pixels) * Height(pixels).
      Set audio settings, including Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate.
      All the settings can be saved in the option list of "User-Defined”.
    * Improve the effects of interlacing video by using deinterlacing
      This DVD Converter Suite owns the technique to eliminate some jaggedness from the interlacing video for better viewing.
    * Preview video effect when you manage it
      With Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite, it provides the original video preview and output video preview, you can see the video effect when you manage it.
    * Convert video to picture
      If you like the current image of the video you can use the "Snapshot” option. Just click the "Snapshot” button the image will be saved in the format of GIF, JPEG, BMP, and you can click the "Open” button next to "Snapshot” button to open your picture.
    * Easy to use
      Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite is very user-friendly and easy to use. Only a few clicks to complete the conversion with supervising the whole process on real time.
    * Fastest Conversion Speed
      Provide the fastest conversion speed (>300%), completely support dual core CPU.

Website:   http://www.aiseesoft.com/dvd-converter-suite.html

System Requirements

    * OS Supported: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP and Windows Vista, Windows 7
    * Hardware Requirements: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above; 512MB RAM or more


Installation Info:
1)run setup
2)close off and copy the all.dll
3)and paste it and copy over other one in the dll folder
C:\Program Files\Aiseesoft Studio\Aiseesoft DVD Converter Suite\dll
4)then open up and go in to each program to help and register
5)enter any name and anything for serial
Example:   name: slickinator       key:  what up dog lol       .............anything means anything does not even need numbers and click ok 
and it will say success
6)Enjoy from Slickinator