Two mastodon hardtehno / hardcore realm of Europe! Tens of kilowatts of powerful sound and crazy music! The hottest month - the hottest guests!

Viktor Strogonov
HARDLINE 77 [Moscow] 
http://strogonov.promodj.ru

Guru Russian techno scene!
Victor Strogonov - Legend of the Russian Techno scene! The best techno DJ in Russia and abroad. With unique technology presentations and vivid way. One of the best and leading hardtechno DJs in Europe.
Resident in clubs: "TUNNEL" (SPb), "CINEMA" (Kiev). It has more than 500 performances at clubs and raves in the cities of Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Estonia, Lithuania, Germany, Austria, Holland, Belgium ...
He is the owner of the promo "HARDLINE 77". The organizer of such famous festivals and raves as "Technopolis", "Tornado», «HARDTECHNO.RU», «WE LOVE TECHNO», «ARENADRIVE», «ULTRAMUSIC festival», «HARDLINE 77», "MOSCOW TECHNO MAFIA".
Since 2008, Victor Strogonov organizes unique "HARDLINE 77 SHOW" at raves such as "Pirate Station", "Arena Drive", "WoDB", which represent the best in Russia, multimedia visual performances.
Speech by Viktor Strogonova - this unique show! The energy burst, the power! The music that makes dance everyone!

RICHIE GEE
MADHOUSE [Spain]

It is hard to overestimate the contribution of this Spanish DJ and producer, when it comes to
on the world scene of heavy industrial electronic music. His label Madhouse
Recordings has become synonymous with high-quality explosive techno! Now with 14 releases
(On the way 15ya dvenadtsatidyuymovka), Madhouse, destined to become a modest reflection of taste Richey, is one of the strongest citadels Hard Techno / Industrial music in the world.

For remote Richie Gee with a genuine passion for the Spanish, magically and instantly transmits his passion for music, her total immersion in the dance floor. His DJ sets - like flamenco among industrial metal, almost Cervantes velnits wind. He with grace and agility of a bullfighter affects ravers, surprising, and holding in suspense until the very last minutes of Seth. Even a snob last rush to the dance, when the culmination of a party acts in Europe, known as «Gee-factor» - World machete hard-Music - Richie Gee!

• UKRAINIAN HARDSTYLERZ
• STARDUST
• HARD ESSENCE
• STORMBLAST
• S. QUILL

• • • • • • •
Prices for entry:
100 EUR
EUR 80 with flyer

birthday men (c 22.07 in 7.24) - Free
(Input to produce a passport photocopies are not accepted!)

Printed out flyers are entitled to a discount at the door.
• • • • • • •
Information partner: topdj.ua
Technical partner: dnasound.com.ua
Apple partner: oneapple.com.ua
• • • • • • •
"The Most Open Air"
Moscow Bridge, ride by shuttle from the (m) Petrovka to stop "Park of Friendship of Peoples"
• • • • • • •
Start: 23:00
Stop: 07:00