'The $5.98 EP: The Garage Days Re-Revisited' is a killer Metallica album. Minus the album status, of course. These 5 songs feature Metallica at their heaviest, and it's really cool to hear them tackle everything from The Misfits to Diamond Head on this record. 

Track listing: 

1. Helpless (originally recorded by Diamond Head)-A good song originally, but Metallica just rocks it here. It has a very garage band sound mixed with the Black Sabbath-'70s metal style combined. A great cover. 

2. The Small Hours (originally recorded by Holocaust)-Again, a very good song, but Metallica makes it even better. The song is a slower song, but it is just as heavy as anything else they did. James' vocals are very passionate, and Lars' drum beat is amazing. A must listen if you are a Metallica fan. 

3. The Wait (originally recorded by Killing Joke)-One of Metallica's best songs period. This is miles better than the Killing Joke version, and once again, Metallica succeeds in making this song their own. Another must listen for a Metallica fan. 

4. Crash Course In Brain Surgery (originally recorded by Budgie)-This record has a garageband sound to it that no other Metallica song has. This is an essential song from Metallica; Lars' drumming on this song is superb. It's not one of his standout pieces by no means, nor is it one of the band's, but it's a must-listen. 

5. Last Caress/Green Hell (originally recorded by The Misfits)-And Metallica closes the record out in style. The whole band rocks out on this one, which carries a very garage sound as well. Essential for the Metallica fan to listen to. 

Overall, if you've never heard Metallica's takes on these songs, than please buy this EP. It is, indeed, one of Metallica's crown jewels. The garageband sound this record possesses is unlike anything the group has ever done before. 

Highly recommended for any Metallica or heavy metal fan. Thrash/garage metal at it's finest. 

ENJOY!!! 

by Johnny Boy "The Record Collector"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Helpless.wma                                           
02 - The Small Hours.wma                                    
03 - The Wait.wma                                           
04 - Crash Course In Brain Surgery.wma                      
05 - Last Caress-Green Hell.wma     

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO