Van Smith on Vanshardware.com did a lot to help bring this out into the open but I think he underscored the importance of Thomas Paine being repeatedly mentioned in R. C. Christian's book. R. C. Christian didn't just mention Thomas Paine's books for nothing.  I believe it is a very important clue.  
Unlike Van Smith I don't think that they have anything to do with some satanic cult. It is important to keep an open mind on things like this but I think they were meant by R. C. Christian to be an ancient form of Druid sun worship. The core points of druidic religious beliefs reported in Roman sources was their belief in reincarnation and their reverence for the natural world. It is very similar to the beliefs in the New Age movement. If you want to know what part Thomas Paine's books had to do with the Georgia Guidestones I would start with the book "The Age of Reason".
Every single copy of "The Age of Reason" in book stores today only have the first two parts in them. Most people don't know that there is a 3rd part of the book that is always left out. I managed to get a hold of the 3rd part that I have included in this torrent. Thomas Paine and the other founders of this country were actually Deists instead of Christians. In my opinion Deism is the only belief system not tainted by man and is the only path in knowing who and what god is.

There is a section in the third part of "The Age of Reason" called "Origin of Freemasonry" that I think shows the link between the Georgia Guidestones and Thomas Paine were not just a coincidence. You can find it on page 250.

Here are some quotes from it.

“Masonry (as I shall show from the customs, ceremonies, hieroglyphics, and chronology of Masonry) is derived and is the remains of the religion of the ancient Druids; who, like the Magi of Persia and the Priests of Heliopolis in Egypt, were Priests of the Sun.”
“The christian religion and Masonry have one and the same common origin: both are derived from the worship of the Sun. The difference between their origin is, that the christian religion is a parody on the worship of the Sun, in which they put a man whom they call Christ, in the place of the Sun”

“In Masonry many of the ceremonies of the Druids are preserved in their original state, at least without any parody. With them the Sun is still the Sun; and his image, in the form of the sun is the great emblematical ornament of Masonic Lodges and Masonic dresses.”

“Masonry is the remains of the religion of the Druids”

“The emblematical meaning of the Sun is well known to the enlightened and inquisitive Free-Mason; and as the real Sun is situated in the center of the universe, so the emblematical Sun is the center of real Masonry.”

“The Lodges of the Masons, if built for the purpose, are constructed in a manner to correspond with the apparent motion of the Sun. They are situated East and West.”

“The high festival of the Masons is on the day they call St. John’s day.”

“The case is, that the day called St. John’s day, is the 24th of June, and is what is called Midsummer-day. The sun is then arrived at the summer solstice.”


“the 24th of June is always taken for Midsummer-day; and it is in honor of the sun, which has then arrived at his greatest height in our hemisphere, and not any thing with respect to St. John, that this annual festival of the Masons, taken from the Druids, is celebrated on Midsummer-day.”

“The religion of the Druids, as before said, was the same as the religion of the ancient Egyptians. The priests of Egypt were the professors and teachers of science, and were styled priests of Heliopolis, that is, of the City of the Sun.”

“The natural source of secrecy is fear. When any new religion over-runs a former religion, the professors of the new become the persecutors of the old.”

“the christian religion over-ran the religion of the Druids in Italy, ancient Gaul, Britain, and Ireland, the Druids became the subject of persecution. This would naturally and necessarily oblige such of them as remained attached to their original religion to meet in secret, and under the strongest injunctions of secrecy. Their safety depended upon it. A false brother might expose the lives of many of them to destruction; and from the remains of the religion of the Druids, thus preserved, arose the institution which, to avoid the name of Druid, took that of Mason, and practiced under this new name the rites and ceremonies of Druids.”

"The Age of Reason" was suppressed a long time after it was made and many of the first copies were destroyed. It is very interesting to me that the only part that is still being suppressed today is the third section of the book.
Van Smith claimed to have come across Evidence suggesting that R. C. Christian was in fact Ted Turner.

Here is some information about him:

Robert Edward "Ted" Turner III (born November 19, 1938) is an American media mogul and philanthropist. As a businessman, he is known as founder of the cable news network CNN, the first dedicated 24-hour cable news channel. As a philanthropist, he is known for his $1 billion gift to support UN causes, which created the United Nations Foundation, a public charity to broaden support for the UN. Turner serves as Chairman of the United Nations Foundation board of directors. In addition to donations, Turner has devoted his assets to environmentalism and capitalism. He owns more land than any other American. He also created the environmental animated series Captain Planet and the Planeteers.

-Turner created CNN in 1980. He said: "We won't be signing off until the world ends. We'll be on, and we will cover the end of the world, live, and that will be our last event... and when the end of the world comes, we'll play 'Nearer, My God, to Thee' before we sign off."
I suggest reading "Reflections on God and Religion" on page 82 in "Common Sense Renewed" first.  I think it will help you get a better understanding of R. C. Christian and a better understanding about the book in general as you read the rest of it.

You can send comments to: CommonSenseRenewed@yahoo.com
