Ran Online PH v845 + 846-924 Patcher (MS .NET Framework 4 inc.)
----------------------------------------------
Official Main Site: http://portal.e-games.com.ph/
Official Down.Site: http://portal.e-games.com.ph/downloads/
Ran Online PH Site: http://ranonline.e-games.com.ph/

Story
-----
The Beginning

The Omen began 18 years ago. A terrifying solar eclipse engulfed the skies above Asia. From this gaping darkness, a vicious torrent of meteors rained down on the continent.  Many thought it was the end. After those terrifying moments, many cities were leveled  leaving a wake of smoldering rubble and scorched earth.

Chaos and paranoia swept over Asia, forcing the rest of the world to quarantine the continent, an island onto itself.

Two years later, from this apocalyptic wreckage, rose the new cities with new technologies never seen before.  A  clandestine organization known only as the Sacred Financial Group ascended to power,  shrouded in myth and mystery, brimming with untold wealth and influence.
The Group would found four schools, each one unique in its own way: Sacred Gate, Mystic Peak, Phoenix, and Leonair Campus.

Only the smartest, strongest, fittest students were recruited for these institutions. Yet beneath its quiet façade of learning and academia, an unsettling truth began to surface. These were no ordinary schools. Their infrastructures, rising menacingly above all others, were strange and alien in design.

Suspicion grew. Were these  institutions meant to breed a new generation of genetically-enhanced athletes? Were they military centers meant to recruit and train bio-engineered soldiers?

Soon, rumors began to spread about the alarming activities conducted within the four campuses. Students, they said, were being trained in cryptic, deadly forms of combat beyond the understanding of even the military’s most accomplished intelligence agencies; they were studying forbidden scrolls and texts believed to hold incomprehensible, supernatural power—power to create as well as destroy.  The students were also  being taught the use of  forbidden weapons by Masters exiled long ago for their genocidal role in the Ancient Wars.

The question was: Why? Why train these students in such brutal martial arts?

The answer would arrive with startling implications. A dimensional rift some attribute to the meteor storm had opened the gates to a demonic realm, poisoning the living and possessing the dead.

Only the four schools proved immune to this paranormal plague. Force shields were believed to protect the boundaries of the four schools and its students, keeping them safe within the schools’ borders.

The shields, however, were beginning to show signs of weakness. There were reports of creatures infiltrating school grounds and of students being taken almost daily, never to be seen again.

It was only a matter of time…

Leonair in the East was the first of the four schools  to fall, its entire student populace devoured seemingly overnight, the campus left as a graveyard of memory.

Of those who have attempted to brave the haunted campus grounds of Leonair since, few have returned, and those that have, speak tremulously of a presence so dark, so evil, it would in time, come to destroy all mankind.

So many questions remain unanswered. What caused the meteor shower? From what dimension did this supernatural evil originate from? How did the Sacred Financial Group know of the storm’s destructive, malevolent power?

Today, everything is calm and peaceful at the three schools, even as they wonder which of them is next.

When will their time come? How long will their shields hold?

For now, the students continue their studies.

Waiting.

Training.

Praying.

............................
Torrent uploaded by:mbdsquad
............................

This is only a gamer-made compilation by me who is living somewhere in the Philippines.

Included Files:
---------------
Ran Online Installation Instruction
dotNetFx_Full_x86_64
Ran Online Client Version 845
Ran Online Patch Version 846
Ran Online Patch Version 847
Ran Online Patch Version 848
Ran Online Patch Version 850 [Password: closeevent]
Ran Online Patch Version 883 [Password: vavabroom]
Ran Online Patch Version 884
Ran Online Patch Version 887
Ran Online Patch Version 923 [Password: beannachteros]
Ran Online Patch Version 924 [Password: aeripheus]

Order of Installation:
----------------------
1. Install Ran Online Client Version 845.
2. Install Ran Online Patch Version 846.
3. Install Ran Online Patch Version 847.
4. Install Ran Online Patch Version 848.
5. Install Ran Online Patch Version 850.
6. Install Ran Online Patch Version 883.
7. Install Ran Online Patch Version 884.
8. Install Ran Online Patch Version 887.
9. Install Ran Online Patch Version 923.
10.Install Ran Online Patch Version 924.
11.Run the application.
12.Enjoy!

Note:
If you have problems, install the included .Net Framework. It both work with x86 and x64 version of Windows.

--------------
Please Seed!!!
--------------