The Wild - Anthems of an Anchored Heart (Hartland, New Brunswick, Canada) 

[currently residing in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada]

MP3's @ 320kbps

TRACK LISTING:

01 anchored heart
02 we sacrifice
03 violent party
04 the battle
05 pink skies
06 another night
07 eighteen bridges
08 take a chance and dance
09 blew up the bridge


The Wild Links:


watch The Wild play The Battle Live @ Barrett's Pad, Halifax, Nova Scotia [May 2011]:
 
http://vimeo.com/23774809

Hailing from Hartland, New Brunswick, The Wild are a wicked 3-Piece East Coast Acoustic Folk-Punk band who have crossed the country playing multiple tours; and whose sound has been influenced by several Canadian cities they have spent time in along the way. Consisting of Mitchell Taylor (Squidge) on Lead Guitar/Vocals; BJ Downey (Sailor BJ) on Guitar/Vocals and Jordan Barrett (Barrett) on Bass/Vocals, The Wild have settled down in Halifax, Nova Scotia alongside fellow Hartland musician Mike Bochoffnow at least...as some have called them "animalistic road warriors"!

The Wild epitomize the DIY ethic. They write their own songs and music; have started their own record label/production company (Outback Records); and are involved with organizing shows across the East Coast- many going entirely to support local charitable organizations!

They have put out 3 albums. Concerning the first two, I was told by Squidge that, "unfortunately our first two albums were limited and we've sold out of them long ago.....never to be produced again." So if you've got them...they are officially an invaluable commodity. Their third album is a 9-track full length called, "Anthems of an Anchored Heart". The guys have a few copies of this BRILLIANT album available, but if you'd like to purchase it you are either going to have contact them via their myspace (linked at top) or, preferably, head out to Hali and check 'em out LIVE!!!

The Wild's lyrics, "can range from the serious political and economic issues of the world today, to their own battles of self destruction then back to the simple pleasures of comradery and exploring the land while playing their music." But at the heart of every song is a common theme and that is A LOVE FOR FREEDOM (true Freedom, not the bullshit consumer kind).

"With these songs they hope to encourage people to respect each other, follow their dreams and take back their lives!"

If you are lucky enough to get a chance to see The Wild in action, be sure not to pass up the oppourtunity, you won't regret it!!!

Other The Wild related links:

- The Hockey Fight:
Born in Canmore, AB, this The Wild side project has BJ Downey (Benjamin Killer) teaming up with Mike Bochoff (Mike Fight) to sing songs (only) about drinking beer, hockey fights, and killing referees...MANDATORY LISTENING FOR ALL CANADIANS!!!

also check out fellow Hartland, NB musician: Seth Anderson - The Renegade Kid: sethandersonmusic.com/​intro.cfm

SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL DIY ARTISTS LIKE THE WILD: BUY THEIR ALBUM, BUY A T-SHIRT, AND BE SURE NOT TO PASS UP THE CHANCE TO GO SEE THEM LIVE, YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!!!

Enjoy the Tunes and Spread the Good Word!!!

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!