PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 3 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: FF256CEE5BB3F04EA39861F69A27DD8ADBBE56EA
File Size: 1.12 GB
Label: Petaldisc 



Albums, Years & Catalog # In This Torrent:


Flambescence 1997 Petaldisc 001 *
Fortissimo 2000 Petaldisc 002 *
Absolutely Live PD4 *
Phonography 2005 Petaldisc 005 *
Walking Home Lately (single) Petaldisc *


* Denotes my Rip


 I think this completes the Painting Daisies discography. I was so impressed with the album Flambescence that I bought a few other discs to complete it. There's hardly any information about this band on the internet so if anybody has anymore Daisies please do make available in lossless!

Kit 





Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Radio3.CBC:


Painting Daisies recorded their most recent album “Phonography” at Randy Bachman’s (BTO/The Guess Who) studio equipped with the production genius of Joby Baker (Cowboy Junkies/Mae Moore). The sound is the result of 10 grueling years on the road, reflected in the amazing slide guitar of Rachelle van Zanten, the songwriting smarts of Daisy Blue Groff, and Kim Gryba’s extensive experience behind the drum kit.


Their second album, “Fortissimo”, was self-released in 2000. The group toured Iceland, Holland, Germany and the US following its release. “Fortissimo” was nominated for 4 Prairie Music Awards, and Painting Daisies walked away with “Entertainers of the Year” beating out Nickelback, Jann Arden and Wide Mouth Mason.


Having gotten together in early 1995 as an acoustical duo between Rachelle van Zanten (guitar/vocals) and Daisy Blue Groff (guitar/vocals), Painting Daisies didn’t officially take off until Carolyn Fortowsky (bass) and Kim Gryba (drums) were eventually recruited.


The band’s first album, “Flambescence”, debuted in 1998 following 3 cross-country tours of their native Canada. “Flambescence” won an ARIA award for “best new folk record”.


After another extensive tour of Europe and the US, the band won CBC’s “Great Canadian Music Dream”. Competing against 4,000 acts across Canada, the ladies won their own TV show with guest Randy Bachman (The Guess Who/BTO) that was nominated for “Best TV Special” at the Gemini Awards.

 






Flambescense 1997



Tracks: 


Uptown Local
Glamourized
A Song For Jeremy
The Swinger's Guide To Self Improvement
For The Boys
Just A Theory
The God Song
I'm So Lame
How I'm Supposed To Be
Positive Blue Funk
Hunting
Mike Stipe The Shining Light
Black Berets And Mochaccino








Fortissimo 2000



Tracks: 


Carpal Tunnel
Rescue
The Church of Cosmetology
Runaway Lane
If Need Be
It's The Thought
Serpentine Diatribe
Eat Your Words
Beale Street
Walking Home Lately
Sheep
Garbage Heap








Absolutely Live 



Tracks: 


The Church of Cosemetology
Don't Leave Me Here
Khartouche
Deep
Introductions
The Tiki Room








Phonography 2005 



Tracks: 


Be There Too
Arnhem
Don't Leave Me Here
C'Mon
Kharteuche
Only Love Matters
Peace, love, Understanding
The Tiki Room
In New York
P.T. Barnum
Alone
Deep





Enjoy this rare Canadian folk gem  :)
