Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:        
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:        
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:        
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains three videos, (split into several files), and five photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mk3b1ewynwue481rjnsphemj1yp   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ji3q50dis7uxjjfhdj0hq9dhkyh4  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cxkxvxdqvmodpvege194imq1nn    breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?10xbpm722ohu384ly2flw852u10   vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?7sfob5ah6c5m67t9sra8c7eh8e    spreading 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rkvp2w47s0bnbjzrmlhq4a5l70fg  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ne6dy3w76nfhar9hmuzcx0gif     vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sqo0w9id74bm5kzifoxucfqxfbi   vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ut91eaafzhx845lvhzq5ay2yrso5  vid 2 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2sfth43dbkqio25sm4aljzhcax27  vid 3 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?igxf797yht5lvqsc47iuvt336zc   vid 3 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website... the model comments on each individual clip...
					
							
Hi, my name is Avril, and this is my first time video.  I am 5'6", and a full figured girl but my body is tight everywhere.  I'm not a newbie to adult videos, in fact you might know me as Avy Scott (my adult name).  FTV caught my eye because of their style and class, and also the photographers' pictures will make a nice collection to enhance my new website coming soon.  I've been doing adult videos for 3 years now, basically since I turned 18.

In the care I took hold of the camera and became my own videographer.  I've always loved posing for the camera.  I know guys always say my voice sounds deep like a lesbian woman's voice, but I'm really a nice soft girl in real life.  Hey, I just like to have fun and show off.  Thats what this website is for, right???   As long as the driver doesnt have an accident being distracted by my large breasts.  And my wet pussy, its all clean shaven for you.  Mine is what you call a 'puffy pussy'.  Ive tasted all kinds guys.

At the sandwich store (I'm not supposed to say which one but its obvious where we are) while ordering the subs I flashed my breasts.  Too bad you cant see in the video the guys' reaction working there.  At the gas station, (oh my how many times its been done) I got my breasts to hang out.  Its all in the fun.  I would run out naked if I didnt risk getting myself into trouble.

What are you looking at? hehe.  Bet its my boobs, at least thats where the camera went to first.   Now that I'm well fed, I'm good to go for a round of fun.  The camera beelined to my clitoris first, and boy does it get close.  I could see all the details I've never seen before.  I'm cool with showing off my pussy, I think it looks attractive, so I'm not shy about it.

Some pussy stretching is next, and the videographer wants it done in the strangest ways I've never seen before.  Supposedly you members suggest these ways of pussy stretching and the FTV guys listen to you.  Excuse my descriptions of what my labia look like, its just funny to watch.  And a big gross too.
		
Got to take all your clothes off if you want to take a bath.  Well my kind of bath will be different.  I thought I'd show you something kind of different that I can do.  I discovered how good it felt to have water drip on to your pussy a long time ago.   Even better though, is what I learned to do with it.   I can fill myself up with the water, and squirt it out.  I've learned to suck in my pussy like a vacuum and squirt it out.  Its also one of those things where my vaginal muscles can tighten around your penis and it feels real good or makes you cum fast.    I accidentally squirted on the videographer!
	
I think its time for my exam, right?  Want to see inside me?  Lets take a look.  Ouch it hurts.  See anything good or bad? Hehe.  At least its all clean in there.  Wonder why my cervix is sideways to my right and not in the middle.  Strange, huh?  I demonstrate how I can contract my vagina walls, imagine how it would feel if your penis was gliding in there.  I can wrap myself tight around you and squeeze you dry.  I also fingered my ass and I can push my vagina walls up with my fingers.  Bet you havent seen a girl do this before.  Ops, I pushed the speculum out hehe.


Now I masturbate a lot, and I mean A LOT.   Though my way of masturbating may not be most girls' fancy.  We cant start this video without some posing and warming up though.  I'm used to having a guy to rub against but the stairway will do.  Do you want to touch me down there?  Do you want to squeeze my breasts?  Do you want to make love to me on these stairs?  I bet you just want to fuck me.  But could you hold your own with someone of my sexual appetite, or lose it in less than 5 minutes?

I'm a big girl, but I'm hard everywhere you touch me.  You can squeeze my ass if you want, or slap it.  Then squeeze my breasts and suck on them hard.  Bite them too, I like that.  Come here and rub my pussy while you are busy with my breasts.  You're allowed to slap it and pinch it if you want.  But since you arent here, I will do it for you.

I tease myself with just some fast rubbing in the right places, and then start dipping my fingers into my wet pussy.  Dig deep enough and you get a lot of moisture to play with.  I dont need much to get worked up and my fingers do a great job of it.  With my sexual appetite I need to have it every day, and if I dont, I have to masturbate.   And guess which one I end up doing more often.  A bit of spit and slapping to moisten things up and then dip two fingers in.
 
Did you get to see my clit close enough?  It pops out like a happy thing once its stimulated.  Just imagine youre rubbing my clit now, and are ready to enter my wet pussy.  Lie on top of me and squeeze my body and shove your penis inside my pussy when youre ready.  Since I cant really get to feel you, I have a purple toy instead.  Ive seen girls use these anal beads in their pretty little pussies, but they are meant for your ass.  I know how good it feels to have them in there when you are being fucked.  I picked the largest ones they had.

Now I got my clitoris stimulated with a vibrator, and my pussy and ass filled and satisfied.  Why not get the best stimulation you can when the toys are available, its not like I get a chance like this everyday.  They asked me to have a real orgasm, well it takes a lot of work and this works best.  You cant fuck me so I improvised by using the corner with the toy pressed against it.

I'm really getting off on this but for a good orgasm the beads need to come out now.  Just they way I like it, the feeling of the beads popping out.  Good entertainment for you ass guys.  If I do it slowly it really helps me cum.  See any other girl do this on FTV?

Watch and learn girls.  And boys, just know that I enjoy sex both anally and vaginally.  Double dipping is always good. That purple dildo finds a home now in my ass, while I focus on my vagina with the vibrator.  Take it slow or fast I dont care, just make sure you grab hold of me good and know what youre doing.  

At this point I'm just happy getting off on being ass-fucked by my purple toy and being stimulated on the clitoris.

This position is probably best for me to cum.  It took 45 minutes but I did it lol.  Byebye until my next video.

				
Hmmm....boobies, thats what you should be thinking when you watch this video clip.  I got popular in the adult business because of my breasts.  Seems like natural big ones are getting more rare in lieu of breast implants.  Good thing this site sticks to natural.. like me!
					
I gave them a little oiling, and shine them up for some rubbing and squeezing (some sucking too).    What do you think of these big ones?   Oh I'm very sure you'd want to grab them if you could.   Jiggle, bounce and breast muscle exercises.  Then comes the breast squish and squeeze tests.
					
The upward angle is a new twist on things I've only seen on FTV and its a cool one with girls like me.  I bet a member asked to have it shot this way and the FTV staff took it up.   I hope you had your fill of my breasts in these clips.  And If you didnt, dont worry, youll see more of them in my other clips.
								
I really like this green snakeskin pattern bra and panties.  It suits my style.  But I'd rather show off how I would kiss my twin sister....  But I know you want to see something a little more crazy, so I'm going to try that big thick dildo.  I love sex but this thing is bigger than what I'm used to.  And kind of uncomfortable in the beginning.  Just trying it took a while.  I'm tough though, I was slowly able to get it to fit nearly all the way.
						
I cant wiggle this thing fast like some girls do, its a mix of pain and pleasure, and at this point I'm not sure which one is stronger.   But I'm sure you're getting real good views, right?  You want to see a tight pussy being stretched.  Its a guy thing.  Did you hear that loud suction noise when the dildo came out?  That's my tight pussy boys.
								
This isnt the end of it though.  Something I actually do in my personal time is finger myself for pleasure.  Not just vaginally, but anally at the same time.  Yes I like being double-penetrated.   I tried fisting my pussy but I'm at best a 4 finger girl.   But what about 4 fingers in my ass, and 4 in my vagina?   Well I'm doing all this in preparation for that huge FTV Toy thing.  Im actually looking forward to trying it believe it or not.  Oh yes, I really do get off fingering my ass.
Editor's Note -  Believe it... she enjoyed the hell out of the FTV toy, in more ways than one.
					
The FTV toy looks a lot bigger in real life than it does on video.  I know why now girls can be scared by it.  I also know noone else has given this thing the oral treatment so here I am.   Imagine its your large penis that I'm deep throating.  Then I started riding it.  It take a bit of work to get accustomed to it.  Its not like I had practice.  But it kind of feels good.
						
I doubt any girl has taken this up her butt either.  Its a 50/50 thing for me, sometimes I prefer toys or penises up my butt than my vagina.  And I'm in one of those moods.  I will probably take it deeper too.
						
Now this is what I call 'feeling good'!  This toy is meant to go up the butt not the vagina.  I'm more comfortable in this position and it goes deeper and feels better than a penis up my ass.   In fact, I think I had one of those rare anal orgasms.  And I deepthroated it again.  Shocking?  Good.
	