
Pointstone System Cleaner 5.94h Portable

System Cleaner™ is a tool for restoring hard-drive space, cleaning up the history of your activities on your computer and keeping your system running like new. The program allows you to clean your drives from unnecessary and temporary files, including your browser cache, cookies, history, recent document list, temporary files, errant uninstall entries and more. It targets more than 100 file extensions, which enable it to scan and recognize most of the unnecessary files on your computer. You can choose to delete the files to the recycle bin or to a specified backup folder. In addition, System Cleaner includes a Windows Startup manager and also allows you to remove invalid uninstaller information from the registry as well as a restore wizard to undo the changes if needed.

Key Features:
• Restores your hard drive's performance, hard-drive space and protect your privacy by cleaning Internet history, cache, temporary files, Windows temp files, recent document list, find history, run history, *.CHK files, the recycle bin, additional garbage and much, much more.
• Scans dead shortcuts from your Start menu and Desktop. If it finds any shortcuts that point to files that do not exist, it will list them for you.
• Lets you delete or disable entries that automatically start on Windows startup. This pulls all entries from your Start Menu-Programs-Startup folder as well as from the registry.
• Define your own user defined items to remove (specified files or folders).
• Backup files to a ZIP file or proprietary file format. You can later restore individual files using the "Restore Wizard".
• Clean Directories and Internet Cache Files. Allows you to clean directories that usually have Temporary Files or cache files (Windows Temp Directory, Documents Folder, MS Internet Explorer Cache Directory and Netscape Cache Directory).
• Powerful file search. You can select to scan for files between a certain date, with some or all file attributes, with a certain size or with the contents of a file matching a user-defined text string.
• Remove files to Recycle Bin, zip them, move them to a folder or completely delete them!
• Scans multiple hard drives.
• Fixes system errors that slow your PC down and cause it to crash
• Speeds up your PC's execution of software programs
• Removes space-wasting temporary files and other unnecessary disk clutter
• Tunes up and optimizes the Windows Registry
• Erases all evidence of your computer and internet activity
• Makes your PC boot faster
• Makes your PC shutdown faster
• Fine-tunes all important Windows settings


Home Page - http://pointstone.com


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                            
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                           
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                            
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			