The Sufi Path of Love: The Spiritual Teachings of Rumi
by William C. Chittick (Author)

State University of New York Press | 1984 | ISBN: 0873957245 | 433 pages | EPUB, PDF | English

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/Sufi-Path-Love-Spiritual-Spirituality/dp/0873957245



Reviews:

A bright light of love

Excellent translation of and introduction to the works of Rumi regarding the end of all religion, the ocean of unity, the wholeness of God and His creation, the source of Life itself, the meaning beyond form. 

Or to quote the words of Bohm a physicist: 
One of the most impressive theories emerging out of scientific cosmology respecting the ancient truth was set forth by the late physicist, David Bohm in his book, Wholeness and the Implicate Order. Using the language of mathematics, Bohm set out to describe the transcendent reality and its graded energetic hierarchy in four basic states or orders of energy beginning with the physical world, which he called the Explicate Order. "The Explicate Order, weakest of all energy systems, resonates out of and is an expression of an infinitely more powerful order of energy called the Implicate order. It is the precursor of the Explicate, the dream-like vision or the ideal presentation of that which is to become manifest as a physical object. The Implicate order implies within it all physical universes. However, it resonates from an energy field which is yet greater, the realm of pure potential. It is pure potential because nothing is implied within it; implications form in the implicate order and then express themselves in the explicate order. Bohm goes on to postulate a final state of infinity [zero point] energy which he calls the realm of insight intelligence. The creative process springs from this realm. Energy is generated there, gathers its pure potential, and implies within its eventual expression as the explicate order." Will Keepin, Noetic Science Journal 

"It is proposed that the widespread and pervasive distinctions between people (race, nation, family, profession, etc., etc.) which are now preventing mankind from working together for the common good, and indeed, even for survival, have one of the key factors of their origin in a kind of thought that treats things as inherently divided, disconnected, and "broken up" into yet smaller constituent parts. Each part is considered to be essentially independent and self-existent." - David Bohm, Wholeness and the Implicate Order 

Also recommended for Christians who want to compare and understand the words of St. John of the Cross in the light of union of the Spirit, to love the creator more as the created. 

Man created in the image of God, to mirror his light. 

-

Pure Spiritual Beauty

This is by far the best book on my favorite spiritual poet. The poetry of Rumi is truly awe inspiring and the examination of his teachings by William C. Chittick is first rate. I can't even begin to guess the amount of time I've walked around with this book in my hand. You will want to read this over and over. It's a true spiritual classic and contains some translations of Rumi's poetry you wont find elsewhere. 

-

A very well written translation

Apart from Nicholsons translation of the Mathnawi and the works of his students Iqbal (Life and works) and Arberry (who transltated the Fihi Ma Fihi as the 'Discorses of Rumi) all other so called 'translations' are pretty much worthless because 1. They are not translations at all but rather re-writes of Nicholson 2. They are just pandering to an ever growing market of supermarket spirituality. Chitticks translation however, is very different. 

For a start, Chittick is a scholar in Persian and taught in Iran for several years and had first hand knowledge of not only the Persian Mathnawi but some of the major comentaries in Persian (which may explain why a previous reviewer found many parts of the book similar to Shia text he had read) 

Chittick may be covering the same ground as Nicholson here but his translation is well put together not only applying modern English but also a knowledge of the original. 

The book may not be of much use to everyone especially if you have already the Nicholson translation but if you are seeking a book that covers the fundamentals of the teachings of Rumi then there is no better place to start than this book.