Straight Forward Install.


Ben Gurion X (FSX only)


 David Rosenfeld made a version of ben Gurion Airport for FS2004 a few years ago, and decided to start anew with his FSX version. And that is what we offer here today: a brand new, fully FSX native version of Ben Gurion Airport, situated near Tel Aviv, Israel.
This scenery is made specifically for Microsoft Flight Simulator X and was built in order to replace the default Ben Gurion airport scenery provided by Microsoft.

The scenery contains:

Terminal 3 – with moving jetway - (CTRL-J) and its surrounding parking positions.
More realistic runways and taxiways.
Highly detailed buildings, structures and facilities
Navigation aids and lights, including the new LDA system on runway 30 which allows any kind   of training.
Photorealistic ground textures on and around the airport.
Auto-generated buildings and trees appear on the photorealistic ground, according to the location of the cities. Furthermore, the roads are illuminated during night time, and allow night VFR flying in the vicinity of the airport.

Oliver Pabst will make an AES file available for this airport too, to add even more realism.

Some history:

Ben Gurion airport, which today serves as the entrance and exit gateway of the State of Israel, was established by the British Mandate authorities in the Land of Israel as part of a broad plan to lay down airports in mandate-time (pre-state) Israel. Since its establishment and to the present day, the airport has served as the main entrance and exit gateway for both the citizens and guests of the State of Israel, and as such bears witness to the history of the State and the main events which formed it.

In 1935 work began on the infrastructure and in April 1937 four concrete runways were completed, each 800m long and 100 m wide. In 1937, the construction of an aircraft workshop (hangar) was started, in preparation for the Hannibal aircraft which were to arrive from the British “Imperial Airways”. This workshop that was built with the assistance of a German company continues serving El Al's Boeing jets to this very day.

This model was developed with FSX compatible tools, tested and found to be working well with Windows XP, Vista and Windows 7.