                  Buzzsaw Tv proudly presents Prison Break

                      Season One Episode Five (S01E05)

Nominated for 2 Golden Globes, another 4 wins & 21 nominations, this is one series that you do not want to miss. One of the most exciting television dramas of the decade, Prison Break will literally have you on the edge of your seat and always leaving you wanting more. Enjoy the star studded cast of Dominic Purcell, Wentworth Miller and Amaury Nolasco.

Due to a political conspiracy an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out from the inside out. 

Storyline: An engineer (Wentworth Miller) installs himself in a prison he helped design, in order to help his brother (Dominic Purcell), a death-row inmate who insists he did not commit the crime for which he has been sentenced to die and help him escape

The character of "D.B. Cooper" is based on an actual person, who in 1971, after hijacking an airliner, extorted $200,000 from its owner, Northwest Orient, and leaped off the airborne plane with 21 pounds of $20 bills strapped to his body. He was never caught.

Critic Review: I have been seeing so many advertisements for this show and I decided to check it out and it's surprisingly good! The acting is well done and everything else. The show is about a guy named Lincoln (Dominic Purcell) who gets arrested and framed for a crime that he didn't commit and now his brother, Michael (Wennworth Miller) installs himself in prison for one reason, to get his brother out of jail! FOX had better not cancel this one! Because I'm tired of the FOX network canceling all these other good shows that have potential and they put them on nights where they can't win and they have way too many reality shows! Plus all the good shows that FOX cancels last for 1 or 2 seasons like "Tru Calling", "Dark Angel", "Fastlane" just to name a few. But hopefully this show might last with all the good reviews from all the newspapers and magazines. 

User Rating: 10/10

BOTTOM LINE: FOX SHOULD HOLD ON TO THIS ONE!





Technical specifications for "Prison Break"

Camera
Panavision Panaflex Millennium, Panavision Primo Lenses


Film negative format (mm/video inches)
35 mm (Kodak Vision 200T 5274, Vision 500T 5279)


Cinematographic process
HDCAM SR (1080p/24) (master format)
Super 35 (3-perf) (source format)


Printed film format
Video (HDTV)


Aspect ratio
1.78 : 1
