 http://bayimg.com/laDbIAadE

Going in Style (1979)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079219/

Going in Style is a 1979 caper film written and directed by Martin Brest. It stars George Burns, Art Carney, Lee Strasberg and Charles Hallahan. The casino scenes were shot at the Aladdin Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.

  George Burns  ...  Joe  
  Art Carney  ...  Al  
  Lee Strasberg  ...  Willie  
  Charles Hallahan  ...  Pete  
  Pamela Payton-Wright  ...  Kathy  
  Siobhan Keegan  ...  Colleen  
  Brian Neville  ...  Kevin  
  Constantine Hartofolis  ...  Boy in Park  
  Mary Testa  ...  Teller  
  Jean Shevlin  ...  Mrs. Fein  

After his Oscar-nominated comeback success in The Sunshine Boys (1975), George Burns became America's most beloved octogenarian. His popularity was exploited by Hollywood, and he made a series of generally dreadful movies. He served as narrator for possibly the worst major studio film ever, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1978). He followed that up with a Brooke Shields vehicle that was nearly as dire, Just You and Me, Kid (1979). 

Perhaps, then, it was due to divine justice that when George Burns finally made a good movie, it received little notice from critics and the public alike. Going in Style was funny and sad and ironic all at the same time. However, it lacked a feel-good ending, and its trio of geriatric stars couldn't draw teenagers from Steve Martin's The Jerk or Star Trek: The Motion Picture. 

Not that Going in Style was a perfect film, either. It had the original and entertaining premise of three elderly men robbing a bank, not for the money, but for the the chance to escape their tedious routine. But armed robbery is no laughing matter, George Burns is sometimes just a little too clever, nephew Pete (Charles Hallahan) is the nicest man I've ever met, and surely the FBI would look for the money in Pete's safe deposit box. 

Mild complaints aside, Going in Style is loaded with memorable scenes. Most of them feature Art Carney, who has his best role and script since his days with The Honeymooners. Carney's befuddled character has a wonderful dance with a Caribbean street band, and is hilarious when he flirts with a prostitute whom he thinks has the hots for him. When Carney's character exits stage left, much of the magic leaves the film. 

The third member of the unlikely bank robbers' gang is played by Lee Strasberg, best remembered as Hyman Roth in The Godfather, Part II (1974). Strasberg's character is so mild-mannered that he is aghast at Burns' devious plans, but he is also easily manipulated, making his participation in the stick-up inevitable. 

The film has its share of social commentary. The three elderly men live together in near-poverty, pooling their meager social security checks to rent an efficiency apartment. Their days are spent warming the benches of public parks. Director Martin Brest, who would later hit it big with Beverly Hills Cop (1984) and Scent of a Woman (1992), makes the statement that society and not Father Time has sent the elderly adrift. 

Brest's subtle message was underscored when the Golden Globes and the Oscars ignored Going in Style during the awards season. However, Burns, Carney and Strasberg did share Best Actor at the unlikeliest of all places, the Venice Film Festival.

Going in Style is one of those rare, small films easily passed over in the pantheon of Hollywood legend. Much like Sofia Coppola's Lost in Translation, here is a story that is not quite what it appears to be. Both marketed as comedies, each are in fact heartfelt dramas about the human experience and the bonds we forge with the people who walk in and out of our lives.

Joe, Al, and Willie are partners in life, sharing nearly every moment of their daily existence together. Aside from Al, whose nephew and family live nearby, these men have only each other to care for and little to occupy their time or interests. It's a depressing existence. Why then do so many intelligent people accept this fate at face value?

More often than not, the answer is fear—fear of the unknown, fear of change, fear of disappointment, and even fear of attaining one's long-held hopes and dreams. Because of this fear, most choose to do nothing. We keep our crummy jobs, our abusive relationships, and our empty lives. Wake up, folks. Contrary to popular belief, the meek do not inherit the earth. No, it's those who push past their fears to whom the spoils are awarded.

Joe, Al, and Willie are a handful of the brave ones. Smart? No, but they have the right idea. The journey is their reward, not the destination. Without giving anything away, it is safe to say these men experience more adventure in 48 hours than many encounter in a lifetime. With each and every sunrise, we are given a new opportunity to make a positive impact on our own lives and the lives of those around us. The choice is ours. The trick is not to waste it.

Unmercifully vilified and crucified for his most recent project, the Ben Affleck/Jennifer Lopez tabloid fodder Gigli, Brest reminds us how impressive the visual medium can be devoid of unnecessary words. The heart of this film can be found in several long, beautifully silent shots, conveying more power and emotion than any verbal or physical outburst could ever hope to achieve. And doesn't that perfectly capture people who have been together a long time? Watch them sometimes, at a restaurant, on the street, or at family gatherings. Entire conversations can be had with nothing more than a handful of facial expressions and the occasional touch.

Of course, it helps to have three of the acting profession's most respected members on hand to deliver the message. George Burns, often viewed as the world's greatest straight man—for years playing off his partner Gracie Allen, on both stage and screen—sets his usual standup routine aside and floors the audience with a touching portrayal of a man who's had enough. He's tired of playing the game, so he changes the rules. Of course, every choice has its consequences, and in these moments the legendary comedian achieves remarkable results. One need only watch Joe rummaging through a box of memories to understand what I mean. (See if you are able to catch the brief but special cameo made here.)

Art Carney, best known for his role as Jackie Gleason's best friend on The Honeymooners, hits a career high with his performance as Al. This man has viewed life through the window of a tour bus, rarely getting off to explore the sights or immerse himself in the culture. This adventure has given him new energy and life, and through an impromptu vacation, we are able to marvel at the emotional depth this talented actor brings forth.

Even with these two exceptional performances, it is Lee Strasberg, one of the world's most respected acting teachers, who turns in the film's command performance. Willie may have the smallest amount of spoken dialogue, but his presence in each scene speaks volumes. The understated subtlety of each reaction is captivating, as if you can almost hear the thoughts going through his mind. In the one brief moment Willie does speak more than a few words, delivering a thoughtful midnight monologue to Al, it carries even greater weight because of his previous silence. This is the caliber of work all actors should aspire to.


Going in Style is a small film with a big heart. Lightly scripted, deftly acted, and brilliantly directed, this is a piece of classic Americana. Credit director Marty Brest for giving his talented trio the freedom to banter away in many scenes, providing some of the film's funniest and most real moments. For fans of Brest, Burns, Carney, or Strasberg, this is must have addition to your collection. 