
The Settlers HD v1.x.x
Requirements: Android 2.1 or higher 
Operating System: Android
Overview: Welcome to the world of The Settlers! You’ve arrived in a wondrous place populated by Romans, Vikings and Mayans competing or cooperating to reach a variety of goals. These goals include occupying land, ensuring the supply of raw materials, or simply trying to create the most beautiful settlement. There is more than one path which leads to success – you can engage in trade, forge alliances, or lead your army into battle. Plunge into this adaptation of the critically acclaimed PC game, widely popular for offering a well balanced mix of strategy and building management, now with optimized gameplay for iPhone / iPod touch.


- Gather resources and build a lively and bustling town in an ancient world. Your decisions and skill in managing and protecting your settlement will determine its fate.
- The strength of your units depends on how effectively you have built up your settlement and paid attention to the economic relationships within it.
- Three nations to govern: Conquer new territories, defeat rival armies, and establish an empire with your warriors that encompasses lands and continents.
- A huge number of parameters to manage: Dozens of building's types, settlements, soldiers, raw materials, and much more.
- An accessible game for everybody, thanks to extensive tutorial missions and multi-touch gameplay, ideal for strategy games.

The Settlers HD v1.0.3: (Retail Supplied by Legion)
HTC Desire / Bravo
HTC Desire HD
HTC Desire Z
HTC Evo 4G
HTC EVO Shift 4G
HTC Incredible S
HTC Inspire 4G
HTC My Touch 4G
HTC Thunderbolt 4G
LG P990 Optimus 2x (Star Dop)
LG P999
Motorola A955 Droid 2
Motorola Droid X
Motorola MB611 Cliq 2
Samsung Galaxy S Showcase
Samsung Google Nexus S
Samsung GT-i9000 Galaxy S
Samsung GT-i9000B Galaxy
Samsung GT-i9000T
Samsung SCH-i400 Atlas
Samsung SCH-i500 Fascinate/Galaxy S
Samsung SGH-T959 Vibrant
Samsung SPH-D700 Epic 4G
Sony Ericsson Xperia X10a
Sony Ericsson Xperia X10i
