 http://bayimg.com/FAmedaadE

Tesla: Master of Lightning (TV 2000)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0272884/

New Voyage Communications in Washington, D.C., has developed a unique, in-depth television documentary about the life, times, and legacy of Nikola Tesla, American inventor and visionary. This program is the result of years of research, in which many new and unknown details of of Tesla's life have been uncovered. The production contains a large and extremely rare collection of photographs documenting Tesla's life and his inventions. A companion book for the program has been published by Barnes and Noble Books, and is currently in bookstores across America. 

Nikola Tesla (1856-1943) is probably the first cross-over scientist. He is known and respected in scientific and engineering circles, but he also appeals to a youthful and general audience with no formal background in science. Today there is considerable and growing interest in Tesla, but there is lacking a comprehensive and accurate picture of his life and accomplishments. A major documentary has never been made about him. Much of the available information has been highly speculative, not based on the historical documentary evidence. It was our objective to make an in-depth documentary that is both entertaining and scientifically and historically accurate. A great deal of the story is told in Tesla's own words, drawing from his autobiographical and scientific writings. 

In particular, the documentary sets the record straight on Tesla's inventions and accomplishments. Tesla was a contemporary of Thomas Edison and Guglielmo Marconi, and these two men are frequently credited for Tesla's invention of AC power transmission and radio. Our program demonstrates that this is not the case.

But this is not just a dry story about circuits and capacitors. Tesla's life is an inspiring example of the power of one man to battle against the odds and change the world with his revolutionary ideas.

With this documentary program we hope to give long overdue recognition to a great and misunderstood man of science. We believe that the strength of his story, and extensive research and rare visual materials, are the ingredients for an exciting, educational, and long-lasting documentary about The Master of Lightning, Nikola Tesla. 
 
Nikola Tesla was one of the greatest electrical inventors who ever lived. His technological achievements transformed America from a nation of isolated communities to a country connected by power grids where information was available upon demand. In the 20th century, it was Tesla's technology that united the United States and eventually the world. 

Tesla's life was like a movie. It is the story of a brilliant and charismatic immigrant who rose to the height of celebrity with his amazing talent, and then was tragically undone by his own visionary ideas. The cast of characters includes: Thomas Edison, J. Pierpont Morgan, Guglielmo Marconi, George Westinghouse, Mark Twain and many more. 

A Serb by origin, his early discovery of the alternating current motor led him to America to seek a venue for his discovery. Here he developed the polyphase AC system of power transmission, which drives every home and industry in the country. He invented the Tesla coil to create high-frequency electricity, and with it neon and florescent lighting, radio transmission, remote control, and hundreds of other devices which are now an essential part of our everyday lives. 

Tesla was also a visionary thinker, and in his papers and interviews he anticipated the development of radio and television broadcasting, robotics, computers, faxes, and even the Strategic Defense Initiative.

Tesla's great dream was to find the means to broadcast electrical power without wires in between. But like many geniuses, he was not a practical man. He gave his life to realize his visions, while others made millions with his inventions. In the end, he wound up a penniless and forgotten man. 

In his later years, Tesla was regarded as an eccentric scientist. Ridiculed by his contemporaries, his ideas frequently appeared in works of science fiction. He was the inspiration for the mad scientist in Max Fleischer's Superman cartoons. 

At the height of World War Two, Tesla claimed that he invented a powerful "death beam" that could destroy attacking aircraft. He proposed a system of beam weapons to protect the borders of the United States and other European nations. When he died, most of Tesla's technical papers mysteriously disappeared, and many have not been found since. 

Tesla was so far ahead of his time that many of his ideas are only appearing today. His legacy can been seen in everything from microwave ovens to MX missiles. But more than this, Tesla's life inspires us to believe that anything we can imagine can be accomplished - especially with electricity.
