Android Games Pack [Other/2011]

Android Games Pack - collection of the most popular games platform
Android. Pack includes games with different themes: logic, arcade,
racing simulators, RPG. Most games in this package are compatible with
different versions of smart phones, and some of them have several installers.

3 Kingdoms TD- is the classic Tower Defence with new gameplay. You and your hero to go to the Battle of the Three Kingdoms.

Angry Birds- a puzzle video game developed by Rovio Mobile, in which a player using a slingshot to shoot birds

Armored Defense Lite (Beta)- military arcade with excellent graphics.

Assassin's Creed- All known game Assassin's Creed. In this game you can develop the patience and skill to accumulate skills.

Astral Commander- Space arcade game, in which, controlling robots, you must build towers to repel an enemy attack

Avatar 3D- The game will take you to interesting and fascinating world that is beyond your imagination.

Bebbled Lite- an exciting and beautiful puzzle game for Android. You need to find and remove the balls from the playing field a similar color

Burning Tires 3D- In this mobile racing with fantastic graphics, you are invited to ride on the most dangerous places on the planet

Crystal Defenders- addictive game in style turrets

Dante THE INFERNO- video games in the genre of slasher with elements of role-playing game

Dark Area Lite 3D- Lite version of the 3D first-person shooter for powerful handheld device.

DynamoKid Touch- arcade classic character toys

EA FIFA 10- an excellent 3D football from Electronic Arts is now on Android

European War- Strategic toy. Expands its forces on land and at sea, dive into Europe 19 centuries

Farm Tower- arcade on the physics of which you need to help safely descend from the high towers baby animals

Forest Runner- a game about the conqueror of the jungle

Fruit Pirate (3D)- cuts fruits and earn points.

GT Racing Motor Academy- one of the real and the most realistic racing simulators.

Guitar Hero 5 Mobile- Famous console game Guitar Hero is now on your Android

Gun Bros 3D- real 3D-action game in which (as befits the genre), you have to destroy the hordes of enemies in a non-stop

Half-Life- a video game in the genre of sci-fi first-person shooter.

Haypi Kingdom- the massive online game about the Middle Ages

Hero Of Sparta- a great game from GameLoft in 3D. Superb graphics and gameplay. You'll fight with mythical creatures

HexDefense- camoya arcade and a saturated genre of Tower Defense games to Android

Jewellust- beautiful puzzle game for Android

Labyrinth Full- a classic game where you control a steel ball by tilting a wooden labyrinth.

Leap Sheep!- Fun arcade game where you have to jump over a flock of sheep over the fence.

Majesty Fantasy Kingdom Sim- a huge magical world in which it is YOU have the honor to become the head of a small fairy-tale kingdom.

Math Scramble- a puzzle game in which you want to make mathematical examples

Modern CombatSandstorm- clone of the Call of Duty on your smartphone. You'll play an American soldier, your goal unichnozhit terrorists.

Mr.Wiener- logic puzzle

Modern Combat Black Pegasus HD 2- Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus improves gameplay first Modern Combat

NOVA- To protect each other, space refuge together in an alliance, which was named Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance

Need for Speed Shift - the famous race from the developers of the company EA Games.

Paper Toss- office fun.

Peeping Tom- do not give spying eyes of the girl washable.

Plateau - an entertaining puzzle game in which you want to move the ball so that the lines are not crossed.

Prince of Persia- The legendary Prince of Persia series is now in your smartphones android

Pro Evolution Soccer 2011- an excellent football simulator with 3D graphics and running with G-Sensor

Real Football 2011- 3D GameLoft football from now on Android

Reckless Racing - combines a classic racing gameplay with good graphics environment.

Shrek Kart - miles of fun racing with Shrek and his friends

Singularity - 3D space shooter

Skies of Glory - Ruthless dogfights in the skies during World War II.

Slice It- we cut a finger with a knife as a variety of shapes

SmackTalk!- Deal with the hamster

Space War HD- classic Invaders for Android

SpeedX 3D- you have to shoot on three-dimensional tunnel, dodging obstacles.

Splinter cell Conviction- Sensational shooter is now on the Android OS

Super Dynamite Fishing - blast fishing on Android.

Tetris For Android- a good Tetris for Android smartphones with high-quality graphics

The Last Defender HD- modern warfare, you are the rocket launcher and destroy armored vehicles

The Sims 3- The famous life simulator Sims 3 is now on Android!

Tile Storm Lite (3D) - a beautiful puzzle game for the android with beautiful 3D graphics

Tom Clancy's HAWX - simulator with spectacular graphics platform android

Treasures of Montezuma 2- is a colorful and addictive puzzle game in the style of "three in a row"

TurboFly 3D - futuristic racing for Android

WARP - in this game you have to save our planet from meteorites

War2 - War online

Wild West Sheriff - Western, the problem is not getting to shoot bandits in the other

Winds of Steel - one of the best flight simulation for Android

Worms 2010 - a classic comic war game returns to mobile. Get a platoon of worms with powerful weapons and attack the enemy

X Construction- arcade game for Android Building bridges and inspect them for strength to passing on his train

Xeno Tactic II Lite- qualities of the game for Android, which is necessary to defend your base from enemy invasion

Yumsters - Yumsters! Settle them in my phone - and you always forget about boredom!

Zuma's Revenge - the legendary Zuma returned.