Quincy Jones – Walking In Space 
Year: 1969
Audio CD: April 18, 2000
Label: Polygram Records 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

First of 2 Quincy LP’s on CTI.

The protean Quincy Jones returned to the recording studio as a leader after a long stretch in Hollywood with this triumphantly contemporary big band album. He re-established himself firmly with his big band jazz base while casting a keen eye on the pop scene and the world of electric instruments (even Ray Brown is caught playing superb electric bass here). The diplomat also unveils his uncanny ability to attract some of the biggest names in jazz as sidemen (Freddie Hubbard, Roland Kirk, Hubert Laws, J.J. Johnson, Kai Winding, etc.), a quality that will be put to use again and again in the following decades. For jazz buffs, the long, dramatic title track from the then-raging musical Hair is the highlight; Hubbard positively sizzles on muted trumpet, and the brash Kirk blasts through the grooving rhythm section under heavy reverb. You also get Jones' classic, swaggering arrangement of Benny Golson's "Killer Joe" -- practically the definitive version -- and a rendition of Edwin Hawkins' freak hit "Oh Happy Day" that bursts with wit and sheer joy. This is one of the great peaks of Creed Taylor's A&M period, and it still sounds spectacular today. ~ Richard S. Ginell

Everybody knows that Quincy Jones is the world's greatest pop producer, but if you're under 30, you might not know about his jazz work with Lionel Hampton, Dizzy Gillespie, and Frank Sinatra. This brilliant 1969 disc combines the precision music making you'd find on a movie soundtrack with the lively blowing of a soul-jazz jam session. Of course, when Q calls, people come to play, and this date is chock full of stars. On the title track, vocalist Valerie Simpson (of Ashford & Simpson) graces Ray Brown's deep-bottomed bass lines with an airy alto, topped by Hubert Laws's fluent flute work and Rahsaan Roland Kirk's multisax solo. Jones's spirited take on the gospel standard "Oh, Happy Day" retains the Sunday soul vibe of Ray Charles, and "Dead End" rolls with an urbanized juke-joint vibe. Jones's arrangement of Benny Golson's "Killer Joe" is a classic, with trumpeter Freddie Hubbard's bravura solo lent nuance by Jones's magic touch. --Eugene Holley Jr. 

Quincy Jones – Walking In Space Tracks:
01  Dead End – 3:55
02  Walking In Space – 12:06
03  Killer Joe – 5:13
04  Love and Peace – 5:49
05  I Never Told You – 4:20
06  Oh Happy Day – 3:37