Secrets of Archaeology

History Documentary hosted by Robert Steffer, published by Discovery Channel in 2007 - English narration


Information
------------------------------

Secrets of Archaeology 
Take a virtual reality tour of history's most intriguing ancient civilizations. Uncover the secrets of the pyramids as the Pharaohs reach for immortality, walk the streets of the Eternal City of Rome, relive a step-by-step reconstruction of Pompeii under the shadow of mighty Vesuvius, experience life in bustling Baghdad and journey to Latin America to the mythical "El Dorado." SECRETS OF ARCHAEOLOGY makes history come alive!


1)  Pompeii A City Rediscovered 
On August 24, in the year 79 AD, the apocalyptic eruption of Vesuvius relegated the memory of the wealthy city of Pompeii to the realms of legend and myth. By using the support of sound scientific evidence and the contribution of extraordinary computer graphics, this documentary tells us about the latest discoveries and the mysteries linked to one of the most vital and fantastic cities in the ancient world.

2)  Glorious Rome Capital of an Empire 
Art, aesthetics, literature, theater, law, town planning: these are just some of the debts owed by Western civilization to Rome, the glorious capital of the greatest and most powerful empire that the world has ever known. Take a tour of this vast metropolis as it was during its peak, and see it through the eyes of the Roman citizens of the time.

3)  Pyramids Designed for Eternity 
During the 4th dynasty of the Pharaohs in Egypt, nearly 5000 years ago, a people emerged from the mists of pre-history to complete the most ambitious and spectacular undertaking ever attempted by mankind. An incredible feat characterized by ingenious design, resourceful technique, and above all, the labor of tens of thousands of men who contributed with their bare hands to creating these colossal tombs for their Pharaohs. We look at the construction of Khufu, which, tall as a 40 story building, is the largest pyramid in the Nile Valley.

4)  A Place Called Etruria 
Go on a journey to the ancient cities Volterra, Populonia and Cervetari and see why Etruscan civilization was famous for its extravagant wealth, fine ceramics, handicrafts and bustling trade, and how it was all lost in battles with the Greek colonies in southern Italy.

5)  Athens Western Splendor 
Discover why Athens was the preeminent city during the Golden Age of Greece on this virtual tour of the cradle of Western civilization. Travel back to the time of Pericles, the noble statesman who led the revolution that touched all fields of knowledge. We will visit the amphitheatres that were home to the famous tragedies of the day, tour the site of the premier Olympic games, and see the ornate temples of the Gods including a bird's eye view of the architectural masterpiece of its day - the Acropolis.

6)  The Cities of the Pharaohs 
Perhaps no one in the history of mankind has wielded more power than a pharaoh in ancient Egypt. More than the Roman emperors, more than the King of Kings of Persepolis or Babylonia, the pharaohs ruled the population with an iron hand and were worshipped in turn as direct descendents of the Sun God. They were considered immortal, capable of subduing the forces of nature and of laying down a challenge to the centuries. A challenge that was taken up and won by the pharaohs' magnificent tombs and the sacred temples erected in honor of the gods. However, this is not the case with their cities, which disappeared mysteriously off the face of the earth as if swallowed up by the desert sands.

7)  Egypt According to Cleopatra 
Cleopatra herself serves as our virtual tour guide through Egypt during her reign as Queen. From the exotic yet cosmopolitan Alexandria, to the Sanctuary of Dendera to the magical isle of Philae, we explore her empire by land and sea. We follow her as she sets sail for Italy and end our journey within the city walls of Rome where an Egyptian temple is being erected for Cleopatra's deity protector, Isis.

8)  Greek Cities in Italy 
Nearly 2800 years ago, a group of Greek settlers landed on the coast of Italy. That event marked the start the process which created Magna Graecia, named after the motherland. Join us as we walk through the streets of Cumae, Pasteum, Puteoli, and Neapolis, reconstructed using the most advanced computer graphics.

9)  The Pyramids of the Sun 
Aztec civilization reached its height in the early 16th century. Explore the capital of their empire, Tenochtitlán, home to elaborate yet sacred temples atop gigantic stepped pyramids. Witness the majesty of this warrior culture that has been unearthed below what is modern-day Mexico City by the preeminent archeologists of our time.

10)  The Roads to El Dorado 
Discover the gems of the 15th Century Incan empire, a domain which covered much of South America. The splendid cities of Curzo and Chairana and the grandeur of Machu Picchu captivated the imagination and, unfortunately, greed of the Spanish conquistadors. Lifelike virtual construction gives us a close look at the massive sacred grounds of the Temple of the Sun at Cuzco, religious and political capital of a world known to generations of European adventurers as El Dorado.

11)  The Lost Cities of the Maya 
Between the 3rd and 10th centuries A.D., the Mayan civilization ruled much of Central America. Travel back to the magnificent Mayan cities of Uxmal, Tulum, Chichén Itza and the capital Palenque, with its breathtaking pyramid built by master mathematicians. Being that it is located on the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico, it is, to this day, one of the most picturesque places in the world.

12)  The Forgotten Civilizations of Anatolia 
Throughout the course of history, many great civilizations have flourished n Turkey because it forms a natural bridge between Europe and Asia. The Byzantine empire was home to the splendid Greek cities of the ancient East. Take a virtual tour of Gordian, the domain of King Midas, and Hattusa, the famous Hittite capital with its spectacular royal citadel.

13)  Travels through Greece 
By the 2nd century A.D. Greece was already steeped in myth, tradition and a rich history which made it a major tourist destination. "Travels through Greece" chronicles a journey with a Roman senator to the artistic and cultural treasures of Greece, including the welcoming agora of Corinth, the acoustically perfect Theatre at Epidaurus, the famous sporting competitions and chariot races of Olympia and the majestic temple of Zeus.

14)  The Ports of the Desert 
From the Arabian Peninsula, we follow an ancient caravan route through the desert to Syria. ; Along the way, several lush oases in the otherwise barren Syrian desert come to our rescue in the form of Marib and Petra, cite of the great tomb of Aaron that is carved out of a rock face, along with the beautiful city of Palmyra in Syria.

15)  Sailing with the Phoenicians 
Phoenecians, the ancient inhabitants of modern-day Lebanon, were known to be expert sailors. Through the eyes of one these seaworthy Phoenecians, we will visit the ancient ports of Byblos, Rhodes, Tharros, Motya, and the famous Roman naval base at Carthage.

16)  The Roman Empire in Africa 
During the 2nd century A.D., Roman war veterans were granted land in Northern Africa as a sign of gratitude from the politicians. This arid climate proved beneficial in thee planting of vast olive groves and wheat fields. The area was prosperous, and begin to take on many aspects of Roman culture. We'll visit some of the numerous wealthy provinces, including the amphitheatre at El-Djem and the ingenious villa built to escape the hot African climate.

17)  Ancient Cities Bordering on Latium 
Ever wonder what happened to a territory after it was overthrown by the indomitable Roman Army? Within the Roman conquered territories of Latium and Umbria we'll tour several ancient cities including Alatri, Fregellae and Amelia, and see how the land was divided up between the defeated inhabitants and the soldiers who stayed behind to occupy the newly acquired land. We'll even look around a spectacular new home of a wealthy Roman citizen.

18)  Retracing the Tracks of Hannibal 
In the 3rd century B.C., the world was in turmoil due to Hannibal's war with the Romans. Following the path of the fearless General Hannibal, who lead his advancing army across the Alps on elephants to sack Italy, we'll visit the majestic ruins of the Roman republican period, and see the amazing temple of Capitoline Jupiter as it looked when it was completed - thanks to amazing virtual reconstruction..

19)  Roman Imprint on the West 
It is said that all roads lead to Rome, and we'll follow some which connected Rome to the rich provinces of the West: Iberia (Spain), and ancient Gaul (France). "Roman Imprint on the West" takes us through the streets of Nimes, Orange, Tarragona, Italica, Meridia and more.

20)  At the Court of the King of Kings 
During the 4th century B.C., the great Persian civilization, which was the first multiethnic empire in history, reached its peak. In this episode, we'll tour the grand residences at Persepolis, and the imperial palaces of the omnipotent Darius - a sumptuous building complex for the most powerful man in the world of that era.

21)  Cities of the Sea and Wind 
In between the 1st and 3rd centuries A.D., the rich Roman province Tripolitania was comprised of three coastal cities named Sabrata, Leptis Magna and Oea, better known as Tripoli. Thanks to advanced digital reconstruction, we will see the Forum off Leptis Magna come to life again. The Forum was already famous in ancient times for the Severus' Bascilica, one of the largest buildings ever erected.

22)  Secrets of the Island of Minos 
Around 1500 BC, the great Minoan civilization thrived on the islands of Crete and Santorin in the eastern Mediterranean. A guided tour of the legendary sites at Akrotiri, Phasestus, Ayía Triáda and Knosses culminates in a visit to the palace of Minos, famous for its mythical labyrinth.

23)  The Fabulous Centers of Hellenism 
Between the 3rd and 1st centuries BC, many cities in Asia Minor (modern-day Turkey) reached unprecedented artistic levels. They were the new centers of Hellenism; the fruit of the junction of Greek and Eastern civilizations. In this episode, we will journey to the cities of Ephesus and Pergamum. In Pergamum, we will behold the city's great alter, which the citizens considered to be a symbol of the cultural supremacy of Hellenistic people over the rest of the world.

24)  Visit of the Sanctuaries of Apollo 
For many centuries, Greeks, Romans, Persians and Egyptians turned to Apollo, the lunar God, in hopes of being granted good fortune. This episode chronicles the sanctuaries built in Apollo's honor, and includes Delos in the Cyclades, Delphi in the region of Phocis and Didymi in Ionia.

25)  Sicily Greek Legacy in the West 
During the 4th Century BC, Sicily was the "new Greece" of the west. Our journey will take us to the various cultural centers that dotted the island, such as Syracuse, Agrigento, with the exquisite Valley of the Temples, and Selinus, present-day Selenunte.

26)  Ancient Itinerary in Ionia 
In the 2nd century BC, artistic and cultural activities reached their heights in the cities of Ionia, a densely populated area on the cost of modern-day Turkey, as well as on a cluster of islands off the eastern Mediterranean. Priene, Miletus, Delos, "Slave Island", Kos and Rhodes, home of the famous Colossus, are just some of the destinations we will be visiting.

27)  Mycenaeans the Civilization of Heroes 
A visit to the heart of the first great civilizations between the Euphrates and the Agean Sea takes us to the pre-Hellenic cities of Mycenae, Tiryns, and the legendary Babylonian city of Troy where archeological findings have confirmed existence of the world of heroes that Homer depicted in his epic poems. We will even visit the site of the classic battle between Hector and Achilles.

Screenshots
------------------------------ 
http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img683.imageshack.us/img683/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img213.imageshack.us/img213/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img842.imageshack.us/img842/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img27.imageshack.us/img27/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img202.imageshack.us/img202/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img685.imageshack.us/img685/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img15.imageshack.us/img15/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 
http://img10.imageshack.us/img10/237/secretsofarchaeologyscr.jpg 

Technical Specs
------------------------------


 * Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
 * Video Bitrate: 2093 kbps
 * Video Resolution: 704 x 544
 * Video Aspect Ratio: 1.331 (4.3)
 * Frames Per Second: 29
 * Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3)
 * Audio Bitrate: 128 kb/s AC3 48000 Hz
 * Audio Streams: 2
 * Audio Languages: English
 * RunTime Per Part: 25.Mins
 * Number Of Parts: 27
 * Part Size: 350 MB
 * Encoded by Harry65
 * Source: DVD



Links
------------------------------

1)  Further Information


2)  Related Documentaries 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Code%20of%20the%20Maya%20Kings 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=The%20Lost%20Pyramids%20of%20Caral 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Legacy%20-%20The%20Origins%20of%20Civilization 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Royal%20Maya%20Massacre 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Mystery%20Investigator 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=The%20Pyramid%20Code 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=Egypt%27s%20Lost%20Cities

3)  ed2k Links 




Added by 
http://docuwiki.net/?title=User%3AHarry65

Source: 
http://docuwiki.net/index.php?title=Secrets_of_Archaeology
