Ashayana Deane - Dance.For.Freedom-Prequel.to.Kathara.L4-DVD3&4-APMCEO

"The Dance for Freedom-I"© Recorded in France, November 2002. The 12 Sceptre Codes: Part I the 12:12:12:12/ 11:11:11:11 Activation, Introduction to the Cosmic Clock, and Preparing for the HE-Thar-O. Gold Wave Infusion, Opening of Galactic Core, Monadic Infusion. The Golden Censer Pulse Crisis Intervention Over-ride System, Opening of Stargate 12, Introducing the Sceptre Codes: Sceptre Code 12, Ecka Code 12: The Reionayana Veca Code 8 : The Reushaia Veca Code 11: The Thun-Immanu: The Blood Code; blood crystallization healing code; healing of liquid systems. Learning to play your Divine Piano, the piano of your Shields using tones and codes; playing melodies in Frequency and Consciousness, The Sceptre Flames. The Second Mass Indigo Awakening Wave, The Expansion of the Flame Body - next stage of activating shields, Secrets of the EUkatharaista Body - The body of God made manifest, The Full Eternal Flame Body, The Gift of God-knowing, Becoming Master Healers - Silent Bearers of the Eternal Flame.



Remembering the Truth of Ourselves, Opening up personal files of spiritual knowledge - all the parts of expression of Source. Becoming free to be our own teachers. Linguistic Template Reprogramming Grids - taking responsibility for the word choices we make. Introducing the 'I AM the Sacred Sun' LTR: Invocation of the Rishi: Activation of the Rishiac and Eieyanic Shields. Becoming Shield-awake - Shield Masters - Direct Cognition: turning phone lines back on. The HE-thar-O : the Great Silence: Natural Separation of the reality fields. Universal Radial Body Separation beginning on May 27, 2003. Beginning the anchoring of the Arc Project. Recoding the Seal of Avalon. The Treaty of Loving Mercy: The UIR's Catch 22: Red Pulse. Decording with Love and Firmness. Evolutionary Paths - The Path of the Hialim (a new race line), The Haialeai, The 144, 000; Gatekeepers: Wayshower Training, The Betcha Hova Scan (Explanation and technique, Moments of Personal Truth, The KatharA Grail Line Indigo 3's Upgrading. Resetting the Cosmic Clock. Shadow Body Healing techniques including 13 and 14. (First time for full range of techniques in a group setting). Grid work at Montsegur and Rennes-le-Chateau.

DVD3 : 2hours
DVD4 : 3hours

