Foxit PhantomPDF Business 5.0.3.0811 Portable

Foxit PhantomPDF is a business ready PDF toolkit to create professional looking PDF documents and forms for tasks such as developing personal documents, implementing workgroup collaboration, designing company forms, producing company collateral, finalizing agreements, applying digital signatures, or document archiving.

Award winning Foxit PhantomPDF- provides the right features at the right price, allowing you to produce great looking PDF document and forms quickly, affordably, and securely. Foxit PhantomPDF is the perfect solution for home/home offices, small and medium sized businesses, and large enterprises. Foxit PhantomPDF comes in three versions to fit the diverse use cases that different users require. Foxit PhantomPDF can combine, split or repackage various PDF files. The documents can be merged or split based on page numbers, page outlines or bookmarks. Plus, Foxit Phantom PDF Suite can batch convert existing documents to a single or multiple PDF files.

Foxit PhantomPDF Express - great for home/home office or business users. Helps you create standards compliant PDF files from hundreds of files types up to 3 times faster than with competitor tools. You can create PDF directly from Microsoft- Word, PowerPoint-, and Excel- with one button click or batch create PDF documents from other common formats. Plus, you can use the convenient annotation tools to add comments, highlights, stamps, and more.

Foxit PhantomPDF Standard - Ideal for any size business. Expands upon PhantomPDF Express by allowing you to edit the text contents directly. After you are done editing, PhantomPDF Standard robust security features keep your business documents safe, including password and certificate encryption, and digital signature. The form design tools lets you develop forms, import tools allow data to be automatically imported into forms, and custom javascript actions allow increased forms customization.

Foxit PhantomPDF Business - Robust for the needs of businesses. Expands upon PhantomPDF Standard by providing the security that helps companies meet regulatory compliance and corporate governance for their important documents and archives and to ensure documents don't change after they are approved. You can extend the usage control benefits of Microsoft Windows Server- Active Directory- Rights Management Service to all your PDF documents; allowing author control of document features within each PDF, where you can certify documents and set permitted actions after certifying.

Foxit PhantomPDF Business builds upon the capabilities of PhantomPDF Standard and PhantomPDF Express. It enables quick and easy creation of professional looking PDF documents, highlighting and annotation capabilities, advanced editing capabilities, and high end security to safeguard sensitive information. Highlighted features of PhantomPDF Business include:
* XFA Form Filling - XFA (XML Form Architecture) form allows you to leverage existing XFA forms.
* High Performance - Up to 3 times faster PDF creation from over 200 of the most common office file types and convert multiple files to PDF in a single operation.
* One Click PDF Creation - Create PDF document with a single mouse click from Microsoft- Office- applications like Word, PowerPoint-, and Excel-.
* Advanced PDF Editor - Allows you to modify any page contents in any PDF documents, select, insert, change, remove, rotate, copy and paste text, images, graphics and shadings.
* Robust Document Security - Using password protection, certificate encryption, and digital signature tools.
* Redaction - Lets you permanently remove (redact) visible text and images from PDF documents.
* Document Certification - Indicates you approve of its content and allows you to specify the types of changes that are permitted for the PDF to remain certified.
* Microsoft- Active Directory- RMS Protector and Policy Manager - Extends the usage control benefits of Microsoft Windows Server- Active Directory Rights Management Service to all your PDF documents and allows the author the control of document features within each PDF.
* Form Design - Easy to use electronic forms design tools to make your office forms work harder. Enables you to create or convert static PDF files into professional looking forms. Form data import tools allow data to be automatically imported into a form reducing manual key entering and input errors.
* Form Action Creation - Tools allow you to custom javascript actions to gain increased customization options, you can connect to a database for the purpose of inserting new data, updating information, and deleting database entries.
* Optical Character Recognition - OCR support to make scanned or image-based PDFs selectable and searchable.
* PDF/A Validation - Verify that the document is compliant with PDF/A-1a or PDF/A-1b for long term archiving.
* PDF Optimizer - Optimize PDF document to reduce the file size.
* High Compression of scanned documents.
* Email and Phone Support - help when you need it


Home Page - http://www.foxitsoftware.com/products/phantomPDF/business/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                               
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                              
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		