DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

A hands-on guide to building mobile applications, Professional Android Application Development features concise and compelling examples that show you how to quickly construct real-world mobile applications for Android phones. Fully up-to-date for version 1.0 of the Android software development kit, it covers all the essential features, and explores the advanced capabilities of Android (including GPS, accelerometers, and background Services) to help you construct increasingly complex, useful, and innovative mobile applications for Android phones. What this book includes An introduction to mobile development, Android, and how to get started. An in-depth look at Android applications and their life cycle, the application manifest, Intents, and using external resources. Details for creating complex and compelling user interfaces by using, extending, and creating your own layouts and Views and using Menus. A detailed look at data storage, retrieval, and sharing using preferences, files, databases, and Content Providers. Instructions for making the most of mobile portability by creating rich map-based applications as well as using location-based services and the geocoder. A look at the power of background Services, using threads, and a detailed look at Notifications. Coverage of Android's communication abilities including SMS, the telephony APIs, network management, and a guide to using Internet resources Details for using Android hardware, including media recording and playback, using the camera, accelerometers, and compass sensors. Advanced development topics including security, IPC, advanced 2D / 3D graphics techniques, and user–hardware interaction. Who this book is for This book is for anyone interested in creating applications for the Android mobile phone platform. It includes information that will be valuable whether you're an experienced mobile developer or making your first foray, via Android, into writing mobile applications. It will give the grounding and knowledge you need to write applications using the current SDK, along with the flexibility to quickly adapt to future enhancements.