
Enochian Magic & Crystal Skulls
-------------------------------
Date: 03-03-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: John DeSalvo, Hannah Holmes


Biophysicist with an interest in the ancient worlds, Dr. John DeSalvo discussed his latest work on the lost art of Enochian Magic, as well as research on the Crystal Skulls, and psychic abilities. Some believe there was a lost book of Enoch (not the apocryphal book that didn't make it into the Bible) that contained powerful spiritual information. The 16th century alchemist and mathematician John Dee believed he tapped in to this information and learned of a special angelic language or code. DeSalvo practiced the 'Enochian call,' words that you recite in order to open up higher dimensions, and found himself interacting with angelic beings in other realms. 

DeSalvo reported on his scientific studies of a possibly ancient Himalayan crystal skull (given to him by the late Nick Nocerino), which was scanned by an electron microscope. No modern tooling was found in the carving, and the surface of the skull looks like it underwent some type of etching process which indicates it was buried for a long time or underwater. Red spotting around the skull, he said, appears to be some type of hydrocarbon coating-- legend has it that spiritual objects were covered in tree resin when they were buried, to keep in the psychic energy, he detailed. 

He spoke about his work with psychometrists (psychics who get impressions from physical objects) Becky Andreasson and Helene Olsen. They both reached similar conclusions about his crystal skull, suggesting that it's a strong transmitter, and has an alien energy. Andreasson (the daughter of abductee Betty Andreasson) shared information with DeSalvo about an alien implant in her body that had properties of a living crystal structure. 

Personality Types
First hour guest, science writer Hannah Holmes talked about different personality types, which include five different scales-- neuroticism, conscientiousness, openness, agreeableness, and extroversion. Each person has these factors but to different degrees, and sometimes when a trait is overly exaggerated it can be considered a disorder, she noted. 

News segment guests: Mitch Battros, Linda Moulton Howe 


Websites:
gizapyramid.com
hannahholmes.net