Warren Zevon
The Wind




Label: Artemis Records
Released: 2003
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 279 MB
Format: FLAC





The Wind is like an X-ray with a dark shadow that shouldn't be there and can't be ignored. Recorded after Warren Zevon was diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer in 2002, it sounds like the work of a guy who's still fighting, but also starting to wrap things up. Although Zevon is best known for his poison-dart wit, he's always been a bit of a softie, too. It's no surprise, then, that The Wind leans heavily on irony-free ballads such as "She's Too Good for Me", "El Amor de mi Vida" and "Please Stay". But there's also a dose of defiant blues ("Rub Me Raw") and plenty of dirty slide guitar, courtesy of Ry Cooder and David Lindley. (Other guests include Bruce Springsteen, Don Henley, Tom Petty, Jackson Browne and Dwight Yoakam). If the lyrics generally lack the literary precision of Zevon's best work, the songs take on greater weight given the circumstance under which they were recorded. Heard in 1983, a party-hearty anthem such as "The Rest of the Night" would've sounded like yet another dumb argument for hedonism and "Numb as a Statue" might have come off as the self-lacerating joke of an alcoholic unable to deal with his emotions directly. However, on The Wind, these songs are genuinely touching, the work of a guy deadened by meds but unwilling to surrender to The Big Sleep just yet. A cover of Bob Dylan's "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" is the album's most direct comment on Zevon's fragile health, but the most touching song is the album-closing acoustic ballad "Keep Me in Your Heart", recorded by Zevon at home after the star-studded studio work was complete. Clearly, Zevon survived one hell of a farewell party last night, but now its morning again and there's no telling what the rest of the day might bring. 




Personnel

Warren Zevon - acoustic guitar, piano, electric guitar, keyboards, vocals
Gil Bernal - saxophone
Jackson Browne - background vocals in "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" and "Prison Grove"
T-Bone Burnett - background vocals in "Prison Grove"
Jorge Calderón - acoustic guitar, bass, electric guitar, maracas, background vocals, tres, Spanish vocals
Mike Campbell - electric guitar
Luis Conte - percussion, bongos, conga, drums, maracas
Ry Cooder - slide guitar in "Dirty Life and Times" and "Prison Grove"
Brad Davis - electric guitar, background vocals
Steve Gorman - drums in "Knockin' on Heaven's Door"
Reggie Hamilton - upright bass
Emmylou Harris - background vocals in "Please Stay"
Don Henley - drums in "Dirty Life and Times" and "She's Too Good for Me"
Jim Keltner - drums
David Lindley - background vocals, lap steel guitar, electric saz
Randy Mitchell - background vocals, slide guitar
Tom Petty - background vocals in "The Rest of the Night"
James Raymond - piano
Timothy B. Schmit - background vocals in "She's Too Good for Me"
Tommy Shaw - background vocals, 12 string acoustic guitar
Bruce Springsteen - background vocals and electric guitar in "Disorder in the House", electric guitar in "Prison Grove"
Billy Bob Thornton - background vocals in "Dirty Life and Times" and "Prison Grove"
John Waite - background vocals
Joe Walsh - slide guitar in "Rub me Raw"
Dwight Yoakam - background vocals
Jordan Zevon - background vocals




Track Listing

01."Dirty Life and Times" (Zevon) – 3:15
02."Disorder in the House" (Jorge Calderón, Zevon) – 4:36
03."Knockin' on Heaven's Door" (Bob Dylan) – 4:05
04."Numb as a Statue" (Calderón, Zevon) – 4:08
05."She's Too Good for Me" (Zevon) – 3:12
06."Prison Grove" (Calderón, Zevon) – 4:51
07."El Amor de Mi Vida" (Calderón, Zevon) – 3:34
08."The Rest of the Night" (Calderón, Zevon) – 4:41
09."Please Stay" (Zevon) – 3:34
10."Rub Me Raw" (Calderón, Zevon) – 5:44
11."Keep Me in Your Heart" (Calderón, Zevon) – 3:28
