
Install Notes :

1/ Install  {avg_pct_stf_all_2011_24_Setup} But Do Not Launch The Program When It's Finished Installed .

2/ Run Patch .

3/ Now Run AVG PC Tuneup 2011 And HAve Fun !!!!!


Enjoy Brought To You By blaze69  !!!!



AVG PC TUNEUP 2011

Get the most out of your PC
You already know how AVG can protect you online. Now we take that expertise one step further by fixing problems that slow you down. AVG PC Tuneup is your one-stop shop to help you get the most out of your PC.
Fix issues affecting your PC’s performance and enjoy a faster running PC.
Get rid of tell-tale traces of your activity and files you hoped were gone for good.


Fix registry problems that cause freezing and crashing
Registry Cleaner and Registry Defrag
Fix cluttered and corrupted registries that consume memory, slow down your applications, and cause overall stability problems.
Disk cleaner scans your hard drives for files that waste disk space and slow down your computer. These may include temporary files, internet browser cache or junk files. Registry cleaner scans your registry to fix problems that cause your computer to slow down, freeze or even crash.


Optimize your Internet connection
Internet optimizer
Internet optimizer automatically tunes your Internet connection settings to speed up your online life.
This tool will speed up your internet connection by optimizing settings - including Max MTU and RWIN - specifically for the type of internet connection you use. In addition, the internet optimizer will test your connection settings before applying any changes.


Recover accidentally deleted files
File recovery
AVG PC Tuneup comes fully equipped with a file recovery tool so that you can recover files that have been damaged or accidentally deleted within Windows.
This tool will recover accidentally deleted files or files that have been damaged. File recovery also allows you to preview photos and documents while browsing through the list of found files.


Permanently delete files and wipe disks
File shredder and disk wiper
Deleting files or folders removes references to them but doesn’t remove the actual data stored within the file. This means that files you think you've deleted can easily be retrieved.
File shredder permanently deletes files so your personal data cannot be restored. It provides four different shredding options, ranging from fast to military-level safety shredding. The disk wiping tool can be used to wipe entire drives and to provide extra security. You can also turn off system restore while wiping a disk to ensure no file copies are created during wiping.


Protect your privacy
Track eraser
Lots of information about your activities is recorded on your PC. Track eraser will help you protect your privacy by removing this personal information from your computer.
When you surf the internet, open documents or run programs, your activity is recorded. Track eraser hides these traces so that no one can see which web sites you have visited or which documents you have recently opened.


Improve your disk speed
Disk and windows registry defragmenter
Disc defragmentation optimizes your file system to get the most out of your hard drive. Enjoy a faster hard disk and a more stable and smooth running computer.
Disk defragmenter reorganizes files on your disks so that they can be read and written faster. This improves application response time, system boot speed and overall computer performance. A similar tool cleans up your Windows registry by rewriting it to eliminate fragmentation, slack spaces and structural defects


Monitor your hard drive health and space usage
Disk doctor and disk explorer
With these two tools it will be easy for you to keep your data organized and safe from being lost due to hard disk failure.
Disk doctor checks your hard drives for problems related to bad sectors, lost clusters and directory errors. By using disk explorer you can easily and quickly free up additional space on your disk by viewing the top 100 largest files and moving them to alternative media.


Minimum system requirements :

Processor - Intel Pentium 1.5 GHz or faster
Memory	  -  64 MB of RAM
Hard disk free space (for installation)	50 MB


Recommended system requirements
Processor - Intel Pentium 1.5 GHz or faster
Memory	    128 MB RAM
Hard disk free space (for installation)	250 MB

OPERATING SYSTEMS
AVG PC Tuneup is compatible with:

MS Windows XP	
MS Windows XP Pro x64 Edition	
MS Windows Vista	
MS Windows Vista x64 Edition	
MS Windows 7	
MS Windows 7 x64 Edition

