Downloader Instructions

The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 43 - Lee Strobel 3 Disc Collection - The Case for Christ, Faith and The Creator



POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 43 - Lee Strobel 3 Disc Collection - The Case for Christ, Faith and The Creator



What's in This Folder:

The Case For Christ DVD

Based on Lee Strobel's 1998 book of the same name, this spiritual program features Strobel, former legal editor of the Chicago Tribune and a convert to Christianity from atheism, interrogating various Biblical experts with challenging questions about the veracity of the New Testament, evidence of Jesus' existence outside of the Bible, and how it might be possible that Jesus was literally resurrected. Has he made the case? Judge for yourself. 71 min. Widescreen; Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital stereo; Subtitles: English; featurettes; more.

The Case For Faith DVD
 
How can God exist with so much suffering in the world? What obstacles stand in the way of having a true relationship with a higher power? These compelling questions are explored in this program based on the acclaimed book by Lee Strobel that is aimed at believers and skeptics alike. What results is a life-affirming study of the impact that religion has on contemporary society. 79 min. Widescreen; Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital stereo; featurettes.

The Case For a Creator DVD

Evolution...or creation? Writer (and former pastor) Lee Strobel explores the evidence he believes points towards the miracle of creation as an explanation for the world and the universe in "The Case for a Creator" (2006). The show includes interviews with scientists and scholars who offer their opinions on the intelligent design theory. Three-disc set also includes "The Case for Christ" and "The Case for Faith." 3 1/2 hrs. total. Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital stereo; Subtitles: English; featurettes; more.



POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11. Your Independence Day.[/size]


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved - Jesus Lives
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11 -  Your Independence Day.

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                               End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                      Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                    Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                  Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                              Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                         Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

[color=purple]11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    



   
      