- 
http://www.Speed.Cd 
       
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--Registration will be open on june every weekend--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ...... http://www.Speed.Cd..........
- 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


               Slapstick.Of.Another.Kind.1982.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Slapstick (Of Another Kind)                      
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-05-30       Source [ Retail DVD        
        Retail [ 2008-01-22       iMDB [ 2.0/10 (398)      
        Runtime [ 81 mins          Size [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy                                           
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088134/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 91kb/s VBR Mono -V3                            
          Video [ 624 x 336 @ 1115kb/s 25fps                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Sometime in the future, Caleb and Lutetia Swain            
         have given birth to twins who are just a little bit          
         different. They are born at 3 feet tall and although         
         they behave like 2-year olds during the day, at night        
         they "put their heads together" and become perhaps           
         the most intelligent people in the universe. In the          
         privacy of their bedroom, they critique the theory of        
         evolution, rewrite the Constitution of the United            
         States and figure out the most important power in the        
         universe, the theory on how to control gravity. When         
         their genius is discovered, every foreign and domestic       
         power will go any length to capture the twins and            
         their brilliant discoveries. Based on the novel              
         "Slapstick" by Kort Vonnegut.                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           First you look at the cast. Jerry Lewis, Madeline          
         Kahn, Marty Feldman, Merv Griffin, Pat Morita, Orson         
         Welles.. Plenty of household names. And written by           
         Kurt Vonnegut, you say! Must be a fine film. Then you        
         look at the plot. Ugly twins, who are really aliens,         
         retarded when they're apart, but super smart when            
         they put their heads together - literally - which            
         brings about fear of incest. They're here to solve           
         the world's problems and/or sell gravity to a Chinese        
         ambassador who has shrunk himself to 2 inches. Oh..          
         kay? Finally you look at the IMDB rating of 2.0 and          
         realize this may have been a poor career choice for          
         those involved. A proper turd, and worth watching            
         because of it!                                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx