I really like to hear Keith Richards do that faster live version of "Happy" in concerts. This Stones standout represents one of those instances in which a great song is slightly marred by having the studio version ("Exile on Main Street") performed too slowly. Actually, altho "Happy" is just right, a few songs on "Love You Live" are a little too fast, like "Get Off of My Cloud" and "Star Star." But overall, it's cool--this recording of concerts in Paris and Toronto is fast-paced, potent rock and roll.
This set has all the songs you want to hear in a Stones concert, like "Honky Tonk Women," "You Can't Always Get What You Want," and "Tumbling Dice." Disk Two begins with Chuck Berry, Howlin' Wolf, etc. stuff, like "Around and Around" and "Little Red Rooster." The sound quality and performance are a bit spotty, but they certainly are not on the last four songs: "It's Only Rock 'N Roll," "Brown Sugar," "Jumpin' Jack Flash," and "Sympathy for the Devil." What better choices to end a Stones concert can there be! The middle two are the Stones' best rockers ever, in my view, and all four give the band opportunities to open up. This was LP side four in college, and always the choice in parties and car stereos. The soloing is terrific, again, fast paced, and the band is ever so tight, everything clicking perfectly. Keith Richards and Ron Wood are fabulous on guitar, and there are blistering leads on the last three of the four songs. Billy Preston shines on keyboards. "Love You Live" is great live Stones for sure.

by Jinkyu

TRACKLIST:
Disc 1:
01 - Intro Fanfare For The Common Man.wma                             
02 - Honky Tonk Woman.wma                                             
03 - If You Can't Rock Meget Off Of My Cloud.wma                      
04 - Happy.wma                                                        
05 - Hot Stuff.wma                                                    
06 - Star, Star.wma                                                   
07 - Tumbling Dice.wma                                                
08 - Fingerprint File.wma                                             
09 - You Gotta Move.wma                                               
10 - You Can't Always Get What You Want.wma 

Disc 2:
01 - Mannish Boy.wma                                                  
02 - Crackin' Up.wma                                                  
03 - Little Red Rooster.wma                                           
04 - Around And Around.wma                                            
05 - It's Only Rock 'n' Roll.wma                                      
06 - Brown Sugar.wma                                                  
07 - Jumpin' Jack Flash.wma                                           
08 - Sympathy For The Devil.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	