The Bat is an E-mail Application That Supports multiple POP3 accounts, true multithreading, MIME and UUencode Standards, multimedia, message templates, minimization to the System tray, message Notification, APOP authorization, and PGP. You also will find a fast and comfortable message editor with text highlighting, as well as a mail dispatcher for managing messages on servers. English, Russian, German, Dutch, Polish, Swedish, Italian, Lithuanian, and Romanian interfaces are built in, as is a multilingual spelling checker. The application's other features include automatic dial-up networking (configurable for multiple accounts) and the option to include a photo with each address-book entry. There also are enhancements, such as message coloring, flagging, advanced filtering, speed improvements, and virus protection.


Features: 

URL Manager to extract the background image in HTML format
emergence of URL Manager to extract the background image in HTML format due to more frequent penetration of malicious code into users' computers through a communications HTML, containing graphics. New manager allows you to block suspicious and safe flow images, making the extraction is not depending on the folder or message recipient, but out of danger or a host URL incoming messages. Favorite Folders on the service users received a set of selected folders and addresses, allowing group folders on different criteria, regardless of affiliation to the mailboxes. Users with multilevel databases will appreciate the message function of rapid transition to the desired message. For example, you can put in the Favorites different work projects, often viewed folders, the most important unread messages, etc. Address History Address History gives users the ability to track messages for each of its correspondents. Wizard Stories of addresses automatically collects information on recipients, and later, users can configure the maintenance history of addresses for different destinations. History addresses are in the tab "Address" on the preview pane of folders in the main window, as it can be combined using the selected folders mentioned above. Updated interface Modern design of the main window like it at first sight. Headers and free space windows are made ​​for a nice gradient background, removing unnecessary borders around graphic components, hindering perception. Section accounts of the status bar equipped with its own custom pop-up menu, and the string itself is equipped with the option of showing / hiding the journal accounts. Improved text editor MicroEd Now the list of features includes a text editor MicroEd encoding support Unicode, the ability to use all system fonts. You can use different fonts for different elements of the message and the function of towing (drag-and-drop) the whole system. We also added the editor of "Repeat" and spell checking for multiple languages. Text search is equipped with new opportunities. Advanced image viewer module with a module now viewing images, users can view all the images embedded in email, switch between these images. The module supports rotation, algorithms, resize and zoom, full screen mode. In addition, the module works with JPEG images with CMYK color schemes and YCCK. More effective technical support we have introduced an environment variable% EMAIL%, which will facilitate technical support program. Gaining «% EMAIL%» in the address bar of Windows Explorer, you automatically get to the directory The Bat!. Thus, the technical support program is much easier - you can get in The Bat! directly from Windows Explorer, regardless of where the program director. smart key safety messages PGP and S / MIME buttons are displayed in the main panel messages PGP or S / MIME now show multiple options message. For example, if the message is signed and encrypted, you'll see a button, which brings together icons "signature" and "encryption". Menu, these buttons contain a list of actions applicable to the message (for example, decoding, displaying properties of a signature, import certificates and t . etc.). The most important action in bold, these actions will be executed by clicking the left mouse button. If such action is more than one, then click the left mouse button to open the menu, which will contain only those critical actions. Support of TNEF Format Some attachments in a message sent via Outlook, were neither visible nor accessible from The Bat!, because Outlook uses its own format of embedded objects TNEF. These messages, in contrast to the usual messages with attachments do not contain winmail.dat, nor message.att. Now The Bat! supports this format. Faster The Bat! Sort messages on the "From", "To" or "Subject" is now five times faster. Moreover, The Bat! now uses much less computer resources due to corrected memory leaks. Official Site | Home Page www.ritlabs.com The Bat! Professional Edition v5.0.24 Final 


Tested And Working


Enjoy :)


Save Our Children