Red Giant Keying Suite 11.0 (Win 32-64 bit Serials)




LANGUAGE : ENGLISH





The complete solution from key to compositeKeying Suite is a complete set of professional tools that make your keying look seamless and sells the realism of your composite. Get great results for basic keying situations as well as multi-step composites and difficult shots like low light or choppy footage. The three plug-ins work fluidly between After Effects and Final Cut Pro, and save you time with a wide range of powerful features like spill removal, edge detail and wire rigging. From frizzy hair to transparent glass, Keying Suite takes you successfully from the initial matte to the final composite. 

Keying Suite 11.0 includes:

Key Correct 1.2
The ultimate greenscreen companion. Now for Final Cut Pro!This set of 15 plug-ins can be in used in combination with any keyer to soften alpha channels, match foreground and background colors, fix outlines, and clean up noise. Ensures top-quality results from popular keyers such as Primatte Keyer, Keylight, and Ultimatte.The Color Matcher filter re-maps foreground colors to match backgrounds, making it easy to put your subject in front of a virtual sunset or other compelling backgrounds. Light Wrap gives the illusion that background-layer light is reflecting in the foreground, allowing the colored lights from sunsets or other scenes to reflect on your subject.

Primatte Keyer 5.0
The industry-loved chromakeyer for fast, automatic keysQuality, speed, control. That’s what you need from a professional chromakey tool and Primatte Keyer delivers. Version 5.0 gives new levels of automation and efficiency with a reorganized interface, default settings that give great results, and tools to quickly tweak your key. An improved Auto Compute and the new Adjust Light tool are the special sauce in Primatte 5.0, creating an accurate key in a few clicks. Use the new Hybrid Matte for unprecedented control in keeping matte edges clean and a new Smart Sample algorithm for smarter foreground selection. Whether you are creating a documentary film, an indie production, news station promo or music video, Primatte 5.0 is an industry-loved solution that unlocks the secret to an easy, automatic key.

Warp 1.1
Get ultimate pinpoint control over shadows, reflections,corner point warps, glows and glimmersThe six powerful plug-ins in Warp give you ultimate control over shadows, reflections, glows and corner point warps. The Shadow tool renders realistic shadows for text or subjects shot on greenscreen, while the Reflection tool creates perfect mirror-like reflections. Use Radium Glow, Glow Lite and Glow Edge to add sophisticated glows and glimmers to any project. The Corner Pin tool heightens realism in any scene with advanced features for working with warped images, importing tracking data from Mocha for After Effects, and adding secondary transforms and motion blur.

What's New
•Updated Primatte Keyer 5 with a new streamlined interface and faster render speeds
•Now Available Adobe CS5/64 bit compatibility
•Now includes Red Giant Warp 1.1
•Keying Suite 11 includes Key Correct: The ultimate greenscreen companion

Reasons To Use
•Save time with 3 studio-ready tools in one package
•Stay in After Effects or FCP, or work seamlessly between apps
•Easily create tricky masks and composite elements
•Full CS5 & 64-bit compatibility for speed and reliabilit

Requirements Windows
Windows XP 32-bit and 64-bit
Windows Vista 32-bit and 64-bit
Windows 7 32-bit and 64-bit
Pentium 4 2.4 GHz or faster (or AMD equivalent)
2 GB of RAM
30 MB of Hard Drive space

Host Compatibility:
- Adobe After Effects CS5.5, CS5, CS4, CS3
- Adobe Premiere Pro CS5.5, CS5, CS4, CS3

For detailed info about Operating systems and Host applications see below link ; 
http://www.redgiantsoftware.com/products/all/keying-suite/compatibility/#tabs

Language : English

Homepage : http://www.redgiantsoftware.com/products/all/keying-suite/


