As teachers of kindergarten through third grade (Debbie) and second
through fourth grade (Frank), we see children explore the world of
mathematics every day. Children add and subtract coins to pay for
lunch, they add and subtract as they share candy or cards, and they add and
subtract as they keep score in games. They’re immersed in math activities
every day without even realizing it!
The activities in this book invite children to take their math explorations
further, in ways that are just as appealing as playing a game or sharing a treat.
Whether it’s a lively game of Musical Math Chairs (see page 10), a math-filled
morning message (see page 15), or history-making math stories (see page 35),
children will gain confidence in their mathematical abilities and learn important
skills as they participate in fun, hands-on activities.
All of the activities support the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics
(NCTM) standards for numbers and operations, strengthening skills and concepts
in the following areas: understanding numbers, ways of representing numbers,
and relationships among numbers; understanding meanings of operations and how
they relate to one another; computing fluently and making reasonable estimates;
having number sense; estimating a reasonable result for a problem; making sense
of numbers, problems, and results; solving problems using relationships among
operations; and performing computations in different ways, including mental
calculations, estimation, and paper-and-pencil calculations.
Though the activities are organized by addition and subtraction, most of them
feature interdisciplinary connections. For example, Math Magic (see page 12)
connects social studies and math as children learn about a puzzle that Ben
Franklin invented 200 years ago. Math Art (see page 33) encourages art appreciation
at the same time it involves children in practicing addition and subtraction
skills. Hopscotch Subtraction (see page 24) integrates movement (still important at
any age!) with math as children practice counting back. Many of these activities
were contributed by teachers from across the country; all of them will enrich your
math program and support the math standards in appealing and meaningful ways.