screenshot here
 
http://img405.imageshack.us/img405/7720/3448w9e.jpg


The package run the files, Multimedia system windows new windows Ships and Vista, make running both audio and video files on your computer to any audio player and video Kodak will not need to add players, audio and video of many of your computer With this package, wonderful and giant and leader will be able to run everything, do not more audio and video programs.


With Vista Codec Package installed you will be able to use any media player (limited only by the players capabilities) to play DVD's, movies and video clips of any format. With Vista Codec Package installed you will be able to use any media player (limited only by the players capabilities) to play DVD's, movies and video clips of any format. Streaming video (real and quicktime) is supported in web browsers. Streaming video (real and quicktime) is supported in web browsers. The Vista Codec Package is compatible with all versions of Windows XP. The Vista Codec Package is compatible with all versions of Windows XP. MKV playback is fully supported. MKV playback is fully supported. Vista Codec Package does not contain a media player and it does not associate File -types. Vista Codec Package does not contain a media player and it does not associate File-types. With this package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players' capabilities, to play all movies and video clips. With this package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players' capabilities, to play all movies and video clips. Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers. Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers. Users of VCP have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable. Users of VCP have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable. After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire package. After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire package. You can also re-add the removed items at any time. You can also re-add the removed items at any time.

Win7codecs is an Audio and Video codec package for Windows 7. Win7codecs is an Audio and Video codec package for Windows 7. The installer will automatically remove most other popular codec releases from your computer before installing this concise yet comprehensive package. The installer will automatically remove most other popular codec releases from your computer before installing this concise yet comprehensive package. You won't need to make any adjustments or tweaks to enjoy your media content immediately. You won't need to make any adjustments or tweaks to enjoy your media content immediately. Windows Media Player and Media Center will instantly recognize all your files as playable. Windows Media Player and Media Center will instantly recognize all your files as playable. MKV playback is fully supported. MKV playback is fully supported. It does not contain a media player and it does not associate filetypes. It does not contain a media player and it does not associate filetypes. With this package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players' capabilities, to play all movies and video clips. With this package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players' capabilities, to play all movies and video clips. Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers. Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers. Users of Win7 codecs have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable. Users of Win7 codecs have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable. After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire package. After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire package. You can also re-add the removed items at any time. You can also re-add the removed items at any time.
