Director
Pankaj Advani

Writer
Pankaj Advani

Music
Silk Route

Genre
Comedy, Thriller, Adult

Release Year
2010

Cast
Manoj Pahwa, Sharman Joshi, Antara Mali, Shrivallabh Vyas, Yashpal Sharma, Dibyendu, Kurush Deboo, K K Goswami, Raymon Singh

Plot
A black comedy, dark thriller, cautionary tale - all rolled into one, Urf Professor is a story, or rather four slices of a portly, asthmatic hitmans cake. The roller coaster ride through the underbelly of Mumbai also features an assortment of other desperate characters - thief, pornstar, conwoman, quack, undertaker, tramp, mechanic etc. A perverse brew of greed, fear, deceit, love, s3x and death; low budget, no-brow and from -the-hip.

Lets start out point blank by me mentioning that ?Urf Professor? a movie made in 2001 and never released is amongst the top 3 best comedies made in Hindi Cinema in the last 30 ? 40 years. Almost at par with Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron, this is not one of those comedies that you smile throughtout, or laugh a few here and there or perhaps burst out laughing in one of those awesome scenes.
No Sir. For just like JBDY, Urf Professor gets you laughing so bad, that you fall off your chair, not once, not twice, but a dozen times in its two hour duration, that you go, seriously yaar, what the hell is going on!
Pankaj Advani, the writer & director (co-writer of Kundan Shah?s Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa) ? arranged a private screening for PFC in Mumbai last night. Soft spoken such that cotton balls may feel heavier, I could not have had a better and more enjoyable evening in my visit to India.
Laced with cuss words throught out, which actually gel so well with the content flow and infact deliver so much of the rip roaring laughter, the movie takes off with a pre-suhaag raat scene where the husband decides that both him and his wife (Benica) should reveal about their past love affairs to start the marriage off a clean slate.
And boy oh boy. For the first time ever, you end up listening to a woman on Hindi screen daring to say ?I had an affair with a boy who had a twelve inch cock? then there was the other one who took me from my backdoor? and then there were the twins who sandwiched me? and then??
And then, there is never a single second for a breather. Not until the end credits roll in.