if you want the VIDEO
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6343547/TTC_Video_-_Optimizing_Brain_Fitness


Optimizing Brain Fitness

Taught By Professor Richard Restak, M.D., Georgetown University School of Medicine,
The George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences

With its up to 500 trillion synaptic connections, your brain is easily the most powerful machine in the world. These connections are what create your thoughts, what drive your emotions, and what control your behaviors. Even more incredibly: This amazing machine is constantly changing through a process known as brain plasticity. And you can take advantage of this process to improve and enhance your brain\\\'s jaw-dropping powers—at any age.

Brain plasticity, the secret to optimizing your brain\\\'s fitness, is one of the most revolutionary discoveries in modern neuroscience. While it was traditionally thought that our brains were fully formed by adulthood, the truth is that our life experiences continually shape and mold our brains in fascinating ways. In fact, optimal brain fitness is the gateway to improvement in a range of areas, including

memory;
attention and focus;
learning and creativity; and
sensory acuity and fine motor skills.
Now, discover the secrets to increasing and expanding your brain\\\'s power to meet everyday challenges and enhance the quality of your life with Optimizing Brain Fitness, an engaging 12-lecture course that shows you how to take advantage of the basic principles of brain operation and build the brain you want to live with for the rest of your life. Delivered by Dr. Richard Restak, an award-winning teacher, practicing neurologist, and professor at The George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences, these lectures are packed with vital information and research-based exercises you can perform every day to tap into your hidden mental potential.


Explore Your Brain\\\'s Most Important Functions
Optimizing Brain Fitness centers on the idea that your brain is a continual work in progress, one whose development depends on the best possible use of your brain\\\'s most important everyday functions. You explore many functions in these lectures, with a strong focus on three.

Attention: Optimal attention skills open the door to top-notch performance in math, reading, and auditory and visual memory. They provide you with the basis for learning what to focus on and what to ignore, and they also coordinate the brain networks that involve sensation, movement, emotions, and thought.
General memory: General memory facilitates the formation, activation, and retention of neurological circuits that contribute to your brain\\\'s optimal functioning. Memory is the veritable bedrock of superior brain health and serves as the basis of your personal identity.
Working memory: Working memory is linked with your IQ and is the first brain function to decline as you age. It is central to your ability to manipulate stored information and can easily be improved by practicing a series of simple exercises.
You\\\'ll also spend time delving into the neurology of motor skills, visual-spatial thinking, creativity, and more.
