S K I D R O W
.the leading force.


proudly presents
Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition (c) Capcom


29-06-2011........Release Date <-> Protection................G4WL
Fighting.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD


RELEASE NOTES

Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition, brings the definitive vision of
Street Fighter to the PC. The follow-up to the critically acclaimed
Super Street Fighter® IV will further redefine the fighting game genre
with classic 2D Street Fighter fighting action, a host of new and
returning characters, beefed up online modes, and more.

Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition features a roster of 39
characters. This includes characters from the original Street Fighter
IV such as Ryu, Chun-li, El Fuerte, and Rufus, while adding the 10
characters from Super Street Fighter® IV and 4 new characters,
including classic combatants Yun, Yang, and Evil Ryu as well as the
all-new Oni.

Beyond characters, Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition adds all-new
balancing, better online functionality, and the fully-featured Replay
Channel, on the PC for the first time.

Features:

New Playable Characters: Four new challengers enter the ring: Yun,
Yang, Oni and Evil Ryu.

Updated Character Balancing: Features all new character balancing,
further refining gameplay.

Updated Replay Channel: Replay Follower: Be able to follow up to 5
separate player replays making it easier to find your favorite players
latest replay.

My Channel Advanced: Allows players to distribute their replay data to
up to 50 players.

Elite Channel: Watch replay data from elite players who have a rating
of 3000PP (Player Points) or more.

All playable SSFIV characters will be unlocked out of the box,
including Yun & Yang, Oni, and Evil Ryu


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


ADDITIONAL NOTES

You need to make an offline Games For Windows Live profile, for being
able to save.

