 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/515DyKaWjqL._SS500_.jpg




Brain Fuel: 199 Mind-Expanding Inquiries Into the Science of Everyday Life 


Anchor Canada 
Joe Schwarcz
2010 
English
ISBN: 0385666039 
77 Pages 
PDF ,EPUB,MOBI 
682 KB ,1.81 MB , 396 KB


From the #1 bestselling author – a cornucopia of mind-expanding insights into the science of the real world. As with Dr. Joe’s previous best-selling books, Brain Fuel informs and entertains on a wild assortment of science-based topics.

“Falling in love, we all know, is a matter of the right chemistry. Schwarcz gets his chemistry right, and hooks his readers.”
— John C. Polanyi, Nobel Laureate

“Informative [and] fascinating.”
— The Globe and Mail

"Packed with scientific answers to questions you didn't even know you had."
— Chatelaine

We humans are a hungry lot. Like all other animals, we of course hunger for food. Unlike our fellow creatures, though, we hunger for something else as well. We hunger for knowledge. Some of this is for practical reasons. We want to know what to eat, what medications to take, what toxic substances to avoid and what to do about climate change. But we also hunger for knowledge just for its own sake. We are innately curious about our history, about the possibility of extraterrestrial life, about why a rose smells like a rose and about why we are curious about so many things. Our brains, like our bodies, constantly need fuel. This book aims to help satisfy that hunger.

This book aims to challenge, too. But, most assuredly, it is not a book of “science trivia.” Far from it. Each entry serves a purpose. Some offer serious scientific discussions relevant to daily life; others are designed to provoke a “Gee, I didn’t know that!” reaction. If you are looking for practical consumer information, it’s here as well. If you are searching for curious anecdotes to spice up a conversation, you’ll find plenty. And if all you want is some personal edification, just keep the book by your bedside, thumb through a few questions every night, and you’ll be smarter in the morning! Brain Fuel is nutrition for the brain. Digest the whole book and you’ll have a pretty good feel for what the pursuit of science is all about.

I also admit to another motive. To me, the pursuit of science is wondrous and satisfying. I of course realize that not everyone shares my passion, and nor does everyone need to, but I do feel that too many are missing out on the benefits that the fulfillment of scientific curiosity can bring to life, and I would like to remedy that. Curiosity, it has been said, is to science what a spark is to a flame. My hope is that at least for some of you, I can kindle that spark into a roaring flame. You will enjoy the internal warmth it provides. I certainly do.

So let’s get going. And the best way to get going is to take a look at where we have been. Let’s start by going back . . .

[/color][/quote][/b]