Season 1, Episode 1: Winter Is Coming
Original Air Date—17 April 2011

A Night's Watch deserter is tracked down outside of Winterfell, prompting swift justice by Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark and raising concerns about the dangers in the lawless lands north of the Wall. Returning home, Ned learns from his wife Catelyn that his mentor, Jon Arryn, has died in the Westeros capital of King's Landing, and that King Robert is on his way north to offer Ned Arryn's position as the King's Hand. Meanwhile, across the Narrow Sea in Pentos, Viserys Targaryen hatches a plan to win back the throne, which entails forging an allegiance with the nomadic Dothraki warriors by giving its leader, Khal Drogo, his lovely sister Daenerys' hand in marriage. Robert arrives at Winterfell with his wife, Queen Cersei, and other members of the Lannister family: her twin brother Jaime, dwarf brother Tyrion and Cersei's son and heir to the throne, 12-year-old Joffrey. Unable to refuse his old friend and king, Ned prepares to leave for King's Landing, as Jon Snow decides to travel north to Castle Black to join the Night's Watch, accompanied by a curious Tyrion. But a startling act of treachery directed at young Bran may postpone their departures.


Season 1, Episode 2: The Kingsroad
Original Air Date—24 April 2011

Bran's fate remains in doubt. Having agreed to become the King's Hand, Ned leaves Winterfell with daughters Sansa and Arya, while Catelyn stays behind to tend to Bran. Jon Snow heads north to join the brotherhood of the Night's Watch. Tyrion decides to forego the trip south with his family, instead joining Jon in the entourage heading to the Wall. Viserys bides his time in hopes of winning back the throne, while Daenerys focuses her attention on learning how to please her new husband, Drogo.


Season 1, Episode 3: Lord Snow
Original Air Date—1 May 2011

Lord Stark and his daughters arrive at King's Landing to discover the intrigues of the king's realm.


Season 1, Episode 4: Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things
Original Air Date—8 May 2011

Ned looks to a book for clues to the death of his predecessor, and uncovers one of King Robert's bastards. Robert and his guests witness a tournament honoring Ned. Jon takes measures to protect Samwell from further abuse at Castle Black; a frustrated Viserys clashes with Daenerys in Vaes Dothrak; Sansa imagines her future as a queen, while Arya envisions a far different future. Catelyn rallies her husband's allies to make a point, while Tyrion finds himself caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.


Season 1, Episode 5: The Wolf and the Lion
Original Air Date—15 May 2011

Incensed over news of Daenerys' alliance with the Dothrakis, Robert orders a preemptive strike on the Targaryens that drives a wedge in his relationship with Ned. A captive Tyrion helps Catelyn, but receives a cold reception at the Eyrie from her sister, John Arryn's widow Lysa. Sansa is charmed by the dashing Ser Loras Tyrell, aka the Knight of Flowers. Arya overhears a plot against her father.


Season 1, Episode 6: A Golden Crown
Original Air Date—22 May 2011

Reinstated as the Hand, Ned sits for the King while Robert is on a hunt, and issues a decree that could have long-term consequences throughout the Seven Kingdoms. At the Eyrie, Tyrion confesses to his "crimes," and demands that Lysa give him a trial by combat. Joffrey apologizes to Sansa; Viserys receives his final payment for Daenerys from Drogo.


Season 1, Episode 7: You Win or You Die
Original Air Date—29 May 2011

Explaining that the future of the Lannisters is at stake, Tywin presses Jaime to "be the man you were meant to be" as they prepare for battle. Ned confronts Cersei about the secrets that killed Jon Arryn. With the fate of the missing Benjen very much on his mind, Jon Snow takes his Night's Watch vows, though not with the assignment he coveted. After Ser Jorah saves Daenerys from treachery, an enraged Drogo vows to lead the Dothraki where they've never gone before. An injured Robert takes pains to ensure an orderly transition at King's Landing.


Season 1, Episode 8: The Pointy End
Original Air Date—5 June 2011

The Lannisters press their advantage over the Starks; Robb rallies his father's northern allies and heads south to war.
Season 1, Episode 9: Baelor
Original Air Date—12 June 2011
Ned makes a fateful decision; Robb takes a prized prisoner; Daenerys finds her reign imperiled.


Season 1, Episode 10: Fire and Blood
Original Air Date—19 June 2011

A new king rises in the north; a Khaleesi finds new hope.