Jason Farris Brown (born August 27, 1969 in Athens, Georgia), known professionally as Colt Ford, is an American country music artist and former professional golfer. He has released two albums via his own Average Joe's label, and has charted three singles on the Hot Country Songs charts. Ford has also written a theme song for Professional Bull Riders, and has worked with John Michael Montgomery, Montgomery Gentry, and Cledus T. Judd, among others Brown was born and raised in Athens, Georgia; he is a graduate of Clarke Central High School. He has a younger sister named Renee. He was a professional golfer,[1] playing in one Nationwide Tour but mostly serving as a golfing instructor.[2] Later, he turned his interests to music, taking influence from country music and hip hop.[1] Assuming the stage name Colt Ford, he released his debut album, Ride Through the Country, on December 2, 2008. This album included the singles "No Trash in My Trailer"[3] (a cover of a Gene Watson song) and "Ride Through the Country" (a duet with John Michael Montgomery), the latter of which did not chart until the week of October 10, 2009 when it debuted at #57 on the Hot Country Songs chart. He also appeared on a rap remix of Montgomery Gentry's late-2008 Number One single "Roll with Me."[4] Ford's debut album also has guest appearances from country singer Jamey Johnson, as well as Bone Crusher and Jermaine Dupri, Adrian Young of NoDoubt and Jeremy Popoff of Lit.[5] The album did not enter the Billboard albums charts until 2009.

Ford co-wrote and originally recorded the song "Dirt Road Anthem" for his debut album Ride Through the Country, which was later covered by Brantley Gilbert on his 2010 album Halfway To Heaven[6], and again by Jason Aldean on his album My Kinda Party, also from 2010.[7]

Ford wrote the theme song "Buck 'em" for the Professional Bull Riders association. 

Artist:  Colt Ford
? Title:   Every Chance I Get
? Year:    2011
? Genre:   Country / Contemporary Country 
? Tipe:    Studio
? Format:  Mp3
? Bitrate: 224 Kbps /44100Hz / Joint Stereo
? Size:    88.9 Mb 



Track List: 
1.Country Thang (Feat. Eric Church)
2.Work It Out (Feat. Luke Bryan)
3.Waste Some Time (Feat. Nappy Roots & Nic Cowan)
4.Do It With My Eyes Closed (Feat. Josh Thompson)
5.This Is Our Song (Feat. Danny Boone of Rehab)
6.Titty’s Beer (Feat. Trent Tomlinson)
7.She Likes To Ride In Trucks (Feat. Craig Morgan)
8.Pipe The Sunshine In (Feat. Tyler Farr)
9.Every Chance I Get
10.What I Call Home (Feat. JB and The Moonshine Band)
11.Overworked & Underpaid (feat. Charlie Daniels) 
12.Skirts & Boots (Feat. Frankie Ballard)
13.Twisted (Feat. Tim McGraw)

