eac secure cues logs scans


Curtis Amy - Mosaic Select

Disc One
01 - Searchin'
02 - Goin' Down, Catch Me A Woman
03 - The Blues Message
04 - Come Rain Or Come Shine
05 - This Is The Blues

Curtis Amy - tenor sax
Roy Brewster - valve trombone
Paul Bryant - organ
Clarence Jones - bass
Jimmy Miller - drums
Recorded: August 11 & 17, 1960

06 - Meetin' Here
07 - Early In The Morning
08 - If I Were A Bell
09 - One More Hamhock Please
10 - Angel Eyes
11 - Just Friends

Curtis Amy - tenor sax
Roy Brewster - valve trombone
Paul Bryant - organ
Clarence Jones - bass
Jimmy Miller - drums
Recorded: February 1, 1961

Disc Two
01 - Gone Into It
02 - Annsome
03 - Bobblin'
04 - Groovin' Blue
05 - Beautiful You
06 - Way Down

Curtis Amy - tenor sax
Carmell Jones - trumpet
Bobby Hutcherson - vibes
Frank Strazzeri - piano
Jimmy Bond - bass
Frank Butler - drums
Recorded: December 10, 1969 & January 10, 1961

07 - Liberia
08 - 24 Hours Blues
09 - Lisa
10 - A Soulful Bee, A Soulful Rose
11 - All My Life
12 - Bells And Horns

Curtis Amy - tenor sax
Roy Brewster - valve trombone (tracks 6,7,11 & 12)
Marcus Belgrave - trumpet (tracks 8-10)
Roy Ayers - vibes
John Houston - piano (tracks 8-10)
Victor Feldman - piano (tracks 6,7,11 & 12)
George Morrow - bass
Tony Bazley - drums
Recorded: 
Tracks 8-10: January 29, 1962
Tracks 6,7,11 & 12: February 3, 1962

Disc Three
01 - Tippin' On Through
02 - Funk In The Evening
03 - For Ayers Only
04 - In Your Own Sweet Way
05 - Summertime
06 - Set Call

Curtis Amy - tenor sax
Roy Brewster - valve trombone 
Roy Ayers - vibes
John Houston - piano 
Bob Whitlock - bass
Lawrence Marable - drums
Recorded: July 29, 1962 Live at "The Lighthouse", Hermosa Beach, CA

07 - Katanga
08 - Lonely Woman
09 - Native Land
10 - Amyable
11 - You Don't Know What Love Is
12 - A Shade Of Brown

Curtis Amy - tenor & soprano sax
Dupree Bolton - trumpet
Ray Crawford - guitar
Jack Wilson - piano 
Victor Gaskin - bass
Doug Sides - drums
Recorded: February 3, 1963

13 - Very Frank

Personnel as for Disc 2, tracks 1-5

Taken from the CDs: Mosaic Select 7 1-3

AMG Review by Thom Jurek
Of all the volumes in the Mosaic Select series -- as of this writing there are eight -- none is more welcome or unexpected than this set by the late saxophonist, composer, and arranger, Curtis Amy. What these three CDs contain are Amy's entire six-album output for the Pacific Jazz label which includes his masterpiece, Katanga!. Amy's star continued to shine in different contexts after he left the label, as a tough tenor with Gerald Wilson and Ray Charles, as a soloist on the Doors' Soft Parade and L.A. Woman albums, and of course, as an arranger and bandleader in R&B singer Merry Clayton's group (the pair were married). 
But it is the material here which cements Amy's place in the jazz pantheon. Amy hailed from Houston, and is very much a part of the rich and varied Texas tenor tradition. He migrated to Los Angeles to work, and fronted numerous soul-jazz bands there before recording these six albums for Pacific Jazz. The titles include the Blues Message and Meetin' Here (co-led with organist Paul Bryant), Groovin' Blue (co-led with drummer Frank Butler), and Way Down, Tippin' on Through, and Katanga! (the latter three as a solo leader), all of them issued between 1960 and 1963. The first three albums in this set offer the view of Amy as a bluesed-out soul wailer in a scene dominated by the latter heyday of cool jazzers and West Coast hard boppers. The players on these three recordings offered a glimpse into the deep R&B roots of the Sunset Strip jazz club scene: along with Bryant and Butler, trombonist Roy Brewster, drummer Jimmy Miller, Bobby Hutcherson on vibes, and bassists Jimmy Bond and Clarence Jones played on these sessions, all of them stalwarts on that steaming but criminally undocumented scene. The fourth album in the set, Way Down, features some new faces, most notably Marcus Belgrave before his stint with Charles Mingus, and vibist Roy Ayers before he went solo. Other players on the date include bassist George Morrow, and pianist Victor Feldman. Tippin' on Through is a Live at the Lighthouse date, and Amy pulled out all the stops with Larance Marable, Brewster, Bobby Whitlock, and pianist John Houston. On all of these sessions, Amy is deeply rooted in the rhythm and blues and soul traditions of the Texas tenors. His combo work is restricted rhythmically perhaps, but it is harmonically brilliant in the way it stretches these forms to the breaking point at the front line, and the pieces on the live set dovetail and turn back on themselves -- dig the large modal frames Houston lays down under Ayers' vibes: Ayers then extrapolates them for the horns to jump off from. Texturally too, the way solos are layered and dovetail and turn back on themselves dynamically is quite remarkable, in that many of the New York soul-jazz dates didn't get to this place until 1966 or so. Finally, Amy was already deeply under the sway of Coltrane on Tippin' on Through: his own solos take the modal approach, and wind around one or two phrases and blow them from the inside out, exploding into torrents of sound without moving away from the blues. 
Katanga! is a case in point all by itself. It remains a jazz classic for its wondrously extrapolated and striated harmonics, its knotty sense of interval, and Amy's melodic sophistication, which was deeply saturated with Latin and African scalar considerations. This set also features the trumpet playing of the little-known and under-recorded Dupree Bolton, the elegant funk of guitarist Ray Crawford, and features Amy on soprano, an instrument that he mastered and became an original voice on, despite the fact that he had played it for such a brief time previous to this session. Here, despite the elongated compositional structures, the blues are never out of the limelight entirely. The title track, written by Dupree Bolton, and "Lonely Woman" (Amy's version, not Ornette Coleman's) are the highlights here, but there isn't a weak millisecond on this slab. In all, this collection is its own revelation -- not only of Amy's overlooked artistry, but of the city of L.A. teeming with fresh sounds and approaches before the steamroller of rock and roll overshadowed it.
