Chris Isaak
Chris Isaak


Label: Warner Bros
Released: 1987
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 247 MB
Format: FLAC





The rock and roll singer-songwriter, musician and actor, Chris Isaak was born in California in 1956. Although he has touched on many styles over his career, he is best known for his rich vocal style, as heard on his single "Wicked Game".

He released his debut album Silvertone in 1985, it was a low key success, brought to greater attention when the track "Gone Ridin'" was used by Director David Lynch in the film Blue Velvet. This would be the first of many Isaak/Lynch collaborations.

The single "Wicked Game" from Isaak's third album 1989's Heart Shaped World took him into the top 10, while the video for the single won three MTV awards. The track was used by David Lynch in his film Wild at Heart and Stanley Kubrick used the track "Baby Did a Bad, Bad Thing" in his film Eyes Wide Shut.

Along with Isaak's album releases he has taken on roles in the films Little Buddha, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me and Silence of the Lambs. He has also appeared in the TV shows Friends and The Chris Isaak Show, where he plays himself.

Just before all commercial hell broke loose for Chris Isaak, he made another record drenched in reverb, salty tears (he'll have you believe his heart is forever being broken), and the scent of lust. Ignoring the wave of pop and punk-inspired rock that was gaining notice in the late '80s, Isaak continued in his adoration for artists like Roy Orbison and Elvis (uh, Presley), and wailed on "Cryin'," "Lie to Me," and "You Owe Me Some Kind of Love." Isaak's bad-boy tease is irresistible on "Lover's Game," and he exudes a hopeful, endearing optimism on "This Love Will Last." His classic "Blue Hotel" steals the show (he should have earned his fame on this track instead of "Wicked Game"), and his cover of "Heart Full of Soul" (originally done by the Yardbirds) is faithful and passionate. 





Personnel

Chris Isaak - Guitar, Vocals
James Calvin Wilsey - Guitar
Chris Solberg - Bass
Prairie Prince - Drums
Rowland Salley - Bass
Kenney Dale Johnson - Drums, Vocals





Track Listing

1."You Owe Me Some Kind of Love" – 3:51
2."Heart Full of Soul" (Graham Gouldman) – 3:20
3."Blue Hotel" – 3:10
4."Lie to Me" – 4:12
5."Fade Away" – 4:15
6."Wild Love" – 2:57
7."This Love Will Last" – 2:45
8."You Took My Heart" – 2:31
9."Cryin'" – 2:30
10."Lovers Game" – 2:55
11."Waiting for the Rain to Fall" – 3:39

All tracks composed by Chris Isaak; except where indicated
