DVDFab is the most powerful and flexible DVD/ Blu-ray copying/burning software. Also it's a fantastic file converter & transfer which can rip and convert DVD/Blu-ray movies or transfer your local files to various portable devices like iPod, iPhone, PSP, cell phone, ZUNE, etc. With 8 copy modes, you can back up any DVD to DVDR in just a few clicks. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to Copy a DVD/ Blu-ray movie. Just insert the movie and a blank DVD/ Blu-ray then press Start. Your entire movie - including menus, trailers and special features - is copied to a single DVD/ Blu-ray with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD/ Blu-ray - including menus, trailers, and special features - onto one or multiple discs. DVDFab Blu-ray to DVD Converter is definitely the first software in the world which can decrypt then convert any Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc for playback on DVD player or DVD player software with no third party's help.
 


DVDFab "Blu-ray to Blu-ray" is the first full-featured Blu-ray copying/burning software. With 4 copy modes, you can backup Blu-ray to BD-R or hard drive in just one or a few clicks.
 DVDFab "DVD to Mobile" converts DVD title to AVI/MP4/WMV/MKV files which can be played on mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, cell phone, etc.
 DVDFab "File to Mobile" converts source video file on your PC to next generation console like PS3 and Xbox 360, or mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, cell phone, etc.
 DVDFab "File Mover" option transfers converted files to mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, etc.
 
DVDFab DVD Copy is popular worldwide and known for its power and flexibility. You can copy a DVD with just a click or two, or use DVD Copy's many settings to customize the ouput. Burn it to a blank DVD or write the output to a folder or image file on your hard drive or media server, compress content to fit on smaller discs, the choice is yours!
DVDFab Blu-ray Copy firstly supports Civavia protection in the world and can lead you out of the above plight. How does it work? Blu-ray Copy now can copy any Blu-ray disc with Cinavia watermark, and create a protected disc (BDMV-REC) to disable Civania for playback on PS3. Keep in mind that you can only accomplish this in either "Full Disc" or "Main Movie" mode using Blu-ray Copy, check "Create Protected Disc (BDMV-REC) to disable Cinavia" option, and choose output as BD 50 / BD 25.

Passkey for DVD/ Blu-ray is the very app for you to view any DVD/ Blu-ray using your region specific player regardless of annoying region code. And it can also remove all known DVD copy protections just in seconds, then work with a variety of software to access any DVD/ Blu-ray content, particularly works well with DVDFab DVD/ Blu-ray Copy and DVD/ Blu-ray Ripper. Really a powerful and helpful tool!

DVDFab Blu-ray 3D Ripper is accurately the world's first Blu-ray 3D converter software. It can get rid of all Blu-ray protections and freely convert Blu-ray 3D to 3D video for playback on 3D display device. Especially, this best Blu-ray to 3D converter supports the current popular side-by-side format for 3D content.

DVDFab HD Decrypter is a simple version of DVDFab "DVD to DVD" and DVDFab "Blu-ray to Blu-ray". It copies entire DVD/Blu-ray movie to hard drive, and removes all the DVD protections and part of Blu-ray protections while copying.
DVDFab File Transfer transfers converted files to devices. Currently it supports iPod, PSP and ZUNE, and it will support more devices in the future.
 
Works on Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000 (32-bit/64-bit).
 
Changes in DVDFab 8.1.0.8 Qt (August 4, 2011):
- New: Updated language files.
Blu-ray Copy:
- New: Added new feature to select correct main playlist for certain discs like "Source Code" which has many fake playlists.
- New: The "Main playlist" was written to "Info" window and internal log.
- New: Added "Copy as Blu-ray 3D" option in "Full Disc". It's actually the "Clone" feature of Blu-ray 3D disc, for easy to use.
- Fix: A freeze problem when copying certain discs with VC1 video stream.
- Fix: A no sound problem when playing backup in TMT3 which has "Convert LPCM/DTS audio to AC3" option enabled.
Blu-ray to DVD Converter:
- Fix: An exception when converting if subpicuture is selected, which introduced in last beta.

again and again as usual,this is the preactivated version friendly shared by
Dimitry ! Huge thx to him to keep the good job 
seed with me,please to help the others asap !
ty for understanding
enjoy and have fun ;)
Best regards