Symbolic Analysis Techniques: Applications to Analog Design Automation [Hardcover]
Francisco Fernández (Editor), 193;ngel Rodríguez-Vázquez (Editor), José L. Huertas (Editor), Georges G. E. Gielen (Editor)

Hardcover: 410 pages
Publisher: Wiley-IEEE Press; 1 edition (December 23, 1997)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0780310756
ISBN-13: 978-0780310759

Product Description
This timely, self-contained volume gathers information disseminated from journals, workshops, and conference proceedings to present the most recent and most important applications of symbolic analysis to analog circuit design. It features an in-depth tutorial introduction to the techniques and algorithms underlying modern symbolic analyzers, and includes exhaustive references at the end of each section.
From the Back Cover
Electrical Engineering Symbolic Analysis Techniques Applications to Analog Design Automation Symbolic Analysis Techniques is a collection of original contributions from renowned experts in the field presenting the most recent and important applications of symbolic analysis to analog circuit design. This timely, self-contained volume features an in-depth tutorial introduction to the techniques and algorithms underlying modern symbolic analyzers, and includes many references at the end of each chapter. Applications are discussed in a variety of important fields:
Automatic generation of optimum circuit topologies
Interactive circuit improvement and automated design space exploration
Non-fixed topology analog synthesis tools
Semiconductor parameter extraction
Analog testability and fault diagnosis
And many more related areas!
Symbolic Analysis Techniques also features an extensive comparison of modern symbolic analyzer characteristics and limitations. Brimming with practical instructions on tasks like formula simplification and post-processing, this book will be of use and interest to graduate students, researchers, and engineers involved in computer-aided circuits analysis and analog design automation.