SwiftKey Tablet X builds on TouchType’s SwiftKey keyboard to offer a tablet-optimized typing experience, with special a special thumb typing split layout, cloud-based personalization, a new prediction engine and a host of other UI improvements.

TOP FEATURES:

Enhanced tablet layouts

Type super-fast with your thumbs using our award winning custom split key layout in landscape mode, or switch to a more traditional layout. However you like to type, SwiftKey Tablet X works for you.

World-leading language technology

SwiftKey Tablet X is based on the new version of TouchType’s advanced Fluency language inference engine… the world’s most accurate prediction and correction technology.

Cloud-based personalization

Personalize your SwiftKey typing experience with data from your Facebook, Twitter and Gmail, as well as your sent SMS messages. Our new cloud-based personalization makes for an unparalleled personal typing experience.

Typing styles to suit you

With SwiftKey Tablet X, we’ve fine-tuned typing styles to match the way you use your phone, in order to maximize efficiency and make typing messages a breeze. Choose precise if you’re prediction-led and like SwiftKey to complete your words for you. Choose rapid if you prefer to write your words out in full, but tend to make typos and errors. SwiftKey will tidy them up for you.

Personal input modeling

SwiftKey Tablet X dynamically adapts to mirror the way you interact with your tablet, using advanced machine learning to modify the properties of the keyboard surface. The result is predictions that are based not just on your language, but also the way you type.

Themes

SwiftKey Tablet X comes with three exciting, high quality HD themes: light, dark and neon.

~~~

See our FAQ, support forum and contact us for help via http://support.swiftkey.net/

We take your privacy seriously. This app does not store any password data and all language data learned on your device is never transferred.

Internet connection permission is required to install this app, so that language module files and cloud personalization data can be downloaded.

Use of this app is subject to our robust privacy policy, which is there to protect your rights and privacy. Read it in full at http://www.swiftkey.net/privacy.

~~~

LANGUAGES SUPPORTED:

(enable up to three at once)

English (US)

English (UK)

Catalan

Czech

Danish

Dutch

French

French (Canada)

German

Hungarian

Indonesian

Italian

Norwegian

Polish

Portuguese

Portuguese (Brazil)

Romanian

Russian

Slovak

Spanish

Spanish (US)

Swedish

Support for QWERTY, QWERTZ, QZERTY, AZERTY, Scandinavian and Russian layouts.
DEVICES SUPPORTED:

Runs on all tablet devices with Android 2.X or 3.X.
KNOWN ISSUES

* There are some issues with the notes app when using the HTC Flyer; these are being looked into.

* The keyboard is a little too wide on Archos tablet devices, where a sidebar sits in front of it.

* There are still occasional problems with personalization over a mobile network. Use wifi in the event that this happens.

* Certain applications are known still to suffer from repeated character problems in specific situations. In particular, there is a problem when deleting the first word in message in WhatsApp. We are currently talking to the WhatsApp team to find a fix for this. We have also had reports of problems with the search box on the homepage in Dolphin Browser HD.

* Deleting the first word in a sentence on hard keyboards will change the shift state of the first character (i.e. from upper to lower or vice versa). If this delete action is repeated, the shift state will alternate.
