Title: Dead Space 2
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Developer: Visceral Games
Genre: Action, Shooter, Survival Horror, Third-Person
Release Date: January 25, 2011
Also on: PC, PS3, iPhone
MSRB: $59.99
ESRB Rating: M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Strong Language
Online Play: 8 Versus



Description:

Engineer Isaac Clarke returns for another blood-curdling adventure in Dead Space 2, the sequel to the critically acclaimed horror adventure. After waking from a coma on a massive space city known as "The Sprawl," the lone survivor of a horrific alien infestation finds himself confronting a catastrophic new nightmare. Battling dementia, hunted by the government and haunted by visions of his dead girlfriend, Isaac will do whatever it takes to save himself and rid the city of the gruesome, relentless Necromorphs. Equipped with a new arsenal of tools to dismember the Necromorphs, Isaac will face the challenge head-on.

In Dead Space 2, Isaac brings the terror to space. Players will take on bigger, scarier and more epic battles that will keep them on the edge of their seats. Delivering a sensory overload of sound, visuals and action sequences, Dead Space 2 will bring the psychological thrills of deep space to a terrifying new level.



Features:

* Isaac 2.0 -- In Dead Space 2, engineer Isaac Clarke is more prepared for battle having just survived a horrific experience aboard the USG Ishimura. Using his improved melee and stomp attacks, enhanced kenesis and stasis abilities, and equipped with new mining tools, players will unleash hell on the Necromorphs like never before. This time around, Isaac is calling the shots.

* Master the Terror -- Dead Space 2 sets the standard for an action gaming experience with a renewed focus on the series' signature epic horror moments. Wield a set of devastating new tools to bring the terror to space. Impale Necromorphs into the walls with the Javelin, use improved telekinesis to turn limbs into deadly weapons, plant powerful dismembering trip mines, or create a hull-breach to suck a group of monsters out into space.

* The Sprawl -- Caught in the middle of a horrific infestation that’s decimating a massive space city, Isaac will dismember, impale, and stomp his way across the Sprawl. Blast through the Church of Unitology, jet across the Solar Array, and infiltrate the CEC facility on the path to survival.

* New and Improved Zero-G -- Fire up Isaac's new suit boosters to rocket around in zero gravity like never before. Explore the depths of the Sprawl and encounter new weightless combat and physics-based puzzles with full 360⁰ movement.

* Online Multiplayer -- For the first time in the franchise, players will be able to strategically dismember their friends in the fight between the Necromorphs and the Humans. Competing in 4v4 online matches, players will have to choose a side. Will you be a Necromorph or a Human?

* Objective-Based Multiplayer Maps -- Join the fight in five objective-based campaign maps, with each map featuring a unique look and story objective from new locations on the Sprawl. Titan Mines, for example, is a timed map where the Humans are trapped and must acquire three components to build a Shockmine that will stop the outbreak and help them getaway. In the Escape map, an all-out bloodfest is occurring as the Humans need to get through the onslaught of Necromorphs in order to escape via the escape pods.

* Necromorphs vs Humans -- Choose between four gruesome Necromorphs to stalk, trap and devour the Humans, each with their own attacks. As a human, players will team up as the Sprawl's security force to fight the Necromorphs, equipped with an advanced Sprawl security suit, stasis, kenesis and seven weapons to bring into battle.



Info URL's:
 
http://xbox360.ign.com/objects/142/14293266.html

 
http://www.gametrailers.com/game/dead-space-2/12830


REGION FREE!!! Enjoy and remember to seed!