Personal Computer Games Magazine Issues 01-15 (Summer 1983 - February
1985)

** Note: This is a repack of a collection previously available. It is 
** identical except that the PDF's are now approximately half the size!

Personal Computer Games (PCG) was a short-lived but popular multi-format
magazine, edited by Chris Anderson (who went on to found Future
Publishing and, later, the TED conferences). It carried reviews for
almost all of the 8-bit micros of the early 80's, along with industry
news, gossip and in-depth features. It was pulled by publisher VNU with
no warning in February 1985.

These PDFs are the complied collections of page scans available on
www.worldofspectrum.org . They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the Sinclair archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled with some of the
more unusual fonts and layouts used (especially in later issues), and by
the relatively low DPI of the source images. Paragraph formatting is a
bit random at best, and I've had to switch off the image alignment
tweaking used in other scans as the offset text used in the review pages
was causing all sorts of weirdness otherwise.

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please check
retropdfswordpresscom for more information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(wwwworldofspectrumorg), and everyone on the WoS forums
for help and advice.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D 
fabwhack [at] gmailcom 
retropdfswordpresscom


