USA
Genre: Action
Taal: Engels
Ondertitels: vaste Nederlandse ondertiteling 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0460681/
Seizoen 2


Season 2, Episode 1: In My Time of Dying
Original Air Date—28 September 2006
In the aftermath of the car crash, the surviving Winchesters go to the hospital, where one is stalked by a Reaper while another must consider sacrificing himself to save the others.

Season 2, Episode 2: Everybody Loves a Clown
Original Air Date—5 October 2006
Sam and Dean listen to a message on John's cell phone from a woman named Ellen (guest star Samantha Ferris)and decide to track her down. They are shocked to discover Ellen runs a road house that also serves as a gathering place for hunters like themselves. Meanwhile, at a small town carnival, a demonic clown is persuading children to let them into their home so he can murder their parents.

Season 2, Episode 3: Bloodlust
Original Air Date—12 October 2006
The Winchester brothers enjoy Dean's new baby: a shiny newly restored car, while checking out a report of two recent human deaths and over a dozen split-open cows in the small town of Red Lodge, Montana. The local sheriff laughs at Sam and Dean's idea that a cult is behind it, claiming it happens naturally in the sun. But when Sam and Dean sneak into the morgue under false pretenses, they find a victim that has retractable vampire fangs. They catch black demon hunter Gordon Walker, who claims to be a friend of their late father and having made both kills after six months of vampire chasing started years before to avenge his sister who was killed by a vampire. Dean confesses to him he misses his seemingly unstoppable dad desperately. The boys are just in time to save Gordon from another vampire, but Ellen Harvelle warns Sam that Gordon is capable, but too dangerous to work with. Returning to the motel, Sam is knocked down and kidnapped by the vampires led by Eli and Lenore, who claim their kind feeds on only cows. Being released unharmed, Sam believes them, but feels Dean's fist for forsaking their mission and suggesting Dean joins Gordon as a poor substitute for father. Then Gordon goes after the nest alone, anyway...


Season 2, Episode 4: Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things
Original Air Date—19 October 2006
Sam insists to visit ma Mary's grave, although empty and meaningless to Dean, who is however intrigued in the cemetery by the perfect circle of dead vegetation around the three days old grave of local college student Angela Mason who died in a car accident, suspecting the ground is desecrated, Sam thinks it's another diversion not to have to think about either deceased Winchester parent. Her roommate Lindsey says Angela's grieving boyfriend Matt Harrison just slit his throat, all plants in his place are also dead. Another student, Neil Levine, tells Matt blamed himself because Angela caught him with another girl the night of her accident, the boys find her grave empty except for a necromantic spell in Ancient Greek. Dean accuses Angela's pa, Dr. Mason, but Sam notices healthy plants and fears for his brother's sanity. Angela was actually resurrected by Neil, her still enamored ex, alas as a zombie who kills for revenge. Next target is Lindsey, the one she caught with Matt, but the Winchester boys are in time to save her and need to lure Angela back to her grave bed and make Neil admit she's in his house, however he refuses to help either side...

Season 2, Episode 5: Simon Said
Original Air Date—26 October 2006
Visions show Sam, still hunting for the master demon with Dean, the way to another small town where paranormal events occur, some innocent, some chillingly evil. The Winchester brothers are convinced it's all the paranormal work of 23 year-old Andy Gallagher, but doubt as that boy, although a bit of an outcast looser living in a van filled with philosophy as well as rock music seems sincerely surprised and using his powers with self-control. Soon they find after rescuing Tracy from what seems his work there is another at least as able and less scrupled, in fact Andy's secret twin-brother, whose vengeance for their separation strikes out mercilessly, a cool killer, which even Andy may be unable to help the brothers stop in his sadistic steps...


Season 2, Episode 6: No Exit
Original Air Date—2 November 2006
Sam and Dean meet up with America's first serial killer, while Jo lies to her mother about going to Vegas and joins Sam and Dean to help them on their hunt.


Season 2, Episode 7: The Usual Suspects
Original Air Date—9 November 2006
Sam and Dean investigate the murders of a lawyer and his wife who claimed to have seen a ghost right before they died. However, after local detectives Ballard and Sheridan uncover the Winchesters' records, they arrest the brothers for a double homicide before they are able to find the ghost. When the ghost begins to visit Ballard, she begins to wonder if the tale Sam and Dean are telling her could be true, and if she might be the next to die.


Season 2, Episode 8: Crossroad Blues
Original Air Date—16 November 2006
San and Dean try to save the life of architect Evan Hudson who sold his soul to a demon so that his wife could live a long and healthy life free of cancer. While Sam protects Evan from hellhounds, Dean is tempted by the demon, who tries to convince him to trade his soul for his father's life, who she claims did the same to save Dean and is now suffering in hell for it.


Season 2, Episode 9: Croatoan
Original Air Date—7 December 2006
Another one of Sam's visions in which Dean kills a man by name of Duane Tanner sends the Winchesters to Rivergrove, a near ghost town facing mass demonic possession. Sam and Dean begin to believe that the demons are trying to destroy the town from the inside out when the remaining town-folk try to kill them.

Season 2, Episode 10: Hunted
Original Air Date—11 January 2007
Sam is shocked when Dean finally tells him their dad asked him to watch over Sam to save him, or if that fails kill him. Sam leaves alone to let Ash look up a same-type clairvoyant demonic victim. Ava Wilson, from Peoria, Indiana, fits that bill and looks up Sam to warn she saw his death, then leaves ridiculing him. Dean followed Sam, just in time to intervene when crazy Gordon Walker turns up, who will stop at nothing to destroy 'utterly evil' Sam. It's a testing fight for the brothers.

Season 2, Episode 11: Playthings
Original Air Date—18 January 2007
Sam and Dean visit the Pierpont Inn, a creepy old mansion turned failing hotel. They meet the owner, Susan, and her daughter Tyler, who are packing to move after they sell the hotel. Tyler is playing with a little girl named Maggie. The brothers notice strange items around the hotel, including an urn with a familiar pattern, dolls with their heads backwards and Susan's mother, who looks vacant and beyond terrified. When Susan finds them in her mother's room trying to talk to her, she throws them out and threatens to call the cops.

Season 2, Episode 12: Nightshifter
Original Air Date—25 January 2007
A jewelery store heist committed by an employee is linked to a mysterious bank robberies bring Sam and Dean into the chase. The weird part seems to be the fact that the suspects end up dead before even getting their hands on the money. A friendly tip points towards another shapeshifter. However, the search is interrupted by a hostage crisis.

Season 2, Episode 13: Houses of the Holy
Original Air Date—1 February 2007
In Providence, Rhode Island, the local Gloria kills a man claiming that an angel in a beautiful white night had chosen her for redemption and asked her to stab the sinner to accomplish God's will. Dean and Sam investigate the case and they discover that other people had been visited by the angel and committed murders. Further, the angel has appeared after the death of Father Gregory, who was murdered on the steps of his church two months ago. When Sam is visited by the angel and asked to kill a man, the skeptical and atheist Dean confronts the faith of Sam telling that men cannot be angels and the light is an angry spirit indeed.

Season 2, Episode 14: Born Under a Bad Sign
Original Air Date—8 February 2007
After Sam goes missing for over a week, Dean finally receives a phone call from his brother. Dean finds Sam in a hotel room, covered in blood and suffering from the effects of a week long memory blackout. Upon investigation, the brothers find a video-tape of Sam killing another hunter in cold blood, which leads Sam to believe his dark side is taking over. When the dark side finally emerges Sam attacks Dean and continues on his hunter killing spree with his next targets being family friends Jo Harvelle and Bobby Singer.


Season 2, Episode 15: Tall Tales
Original Air Date—15 February 2007
Sam, Dean, and Bobby encounter what appears to be a dancing alien, a chainsaw killer, alligators in the sewers, and other oddities straight out of the tabloids while probing strange occurrences on a college campus. They discover all are actually the work of one college janitor, a Trickster who has the ability to conjure into reality anything he wants. Not helping matters is the brothers' slowly escalating feud which Bobby suspects is also the work of the Trickster.

Season 2, Episode 16: Roadkill
Original Air Date—15 March 2007
Molly and her husband are driving along a long deserted highway at night when they come upon a farmer. The next thing Molly knows both the husband and the farmer have disappeared. Things get worse when the Winchesters inform Molly that the farmer is actually a highway ghost who, it seems, appears annually to claim a new victim, who happens to be Molly this time. Molly is actually the driver of the vehicle who killed the farmer and his wife and is dead herself but doesn't know it. Her husband David survived the accident, and when faced with the truth Molly is able to move on.


Season 2, Episode 17: Heart
Original Air Date—22 March 2007
Sam and Dean come across werewolf activity when they investigate the death of lawyer who was believed to have been killed by a wild animal. While Dean tracks the werewolf on the outside, Sam offers to protect Madison(guest star Emmanuelle Vaugier)who is likely to be the werewolf's next target.


Season 2, Episode 18: Hollywood Babylon
Original Air Date—19 April 2007
The Winchesters go undercover as PAs on a haunted movie set after getting wind of reports of tag teaming ghosts. The brothers deal with an asinine studio executive out to make cheap marketing stunts(guest star Gary Cole), a disenfranchised screenwriter seeking revenge for unnecessary revisions to a formally great script, and Dean's fan-boyish feelings for the leading lady.

Season 2, Episode 19: Folsom Prison Blues
Original Air Date—26 April 2007
When an old block is reopened in the Green River County Detention Center after thirty years, a fiend is released, killing the interns. Three months later, Dean and Sam are arrested during a heist to be sent to the haunted prison to help Deacon, a former friend of their father. While FBI Agent Victor Henricksen presses Dean, the public defender Mara Daniels believes the brothers are not guilty of most of the inconsistent charges against them, and helps the Winchester brothers in the end.


Season 2, Episode 20: What Is and What Should Never Be
Original Air Date—3 May 2007
Dean gets attacked by a Djinn, a creature capable of warping reality. The next things he knows he's in Lawrence, Kansas, in a stable relationship with a woman named Carmen, his mother is alive and well, and he and Sam are no longer on speaking terms. When the idea of a peaceful existence begins to settle in, visions of his previous life as a hunter start appearing out of nowhere.

Season 2, Episode 21: All Hell Breaks Loose: Part 1
Original Air Date—10 May 2007
The Yellow Eyed Demon transports Sam, Andy, and Ava along with other "Special Children" Jake and Lily to the remains of a ghost town to initiate the first steps of his war against mankind. Dean contacts Bobby Singer, Ash, and Ellen for help in locating his brother.

Season 2, Episode 22: All Hell Breaks Loose: Part 2
Original Air Date—17 May 2007
Dean hits an emotional rock bottom after a devastating personal loss. The Yellow Eyed Demon begins a calculated strategic move to unleash the armies of hell.


hardcoded dutch subs

deze review wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc ga dan eens naar 
http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be/