Free Market Fantasies. Capitalism in the Real World
By Noam Chomsky



Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps

On Free Market Fantasies: Capitalism in the Real World, noted linguist and political dissident, Noam Chomsky, steps into the ring to personally debunk the myth of the free market by pulling back the curtain on the Wizards of Dollars in American society. He puts forth a powerful one-man rebuttal to what he calls the \'\'cult of the free market.\'\' For a scrawny, bespectacled, old scholar, the result packs a devastating wallop.

Amid all the details and statistics that Chomsky presents to back up his views, though, there is a simple, but profound, point at the heart of the argument: There is no such thing as a \'\'free market.\'\' Never has been. Never will be. In fact, the government has always interceded in the economy, most consistently on the side of large corporations against the interests of the majority of American citizens. The important question, then, is not whether or not the government should intercede in the economy, but, rather, on whose behalf they should act and toward what end. Chomsky makes clear that \'\'free markets\'\' are intended only for the poor.

Noam Chomsky is an influential linguist, professor, author, and activist. Chomsky has been active in left-wing politics and he opposed the Vietnam War. He is the eighth most cited source of all time, and is considered the \'\'most cited living author\'\'. Chomsky is also the author of over 150 books.


Running Time: 53:56



1  The Real Market
2  The Massachusetts Example
3  Gingrich
4  The Reagan Legacy
5  The Washington Consensus
6  The Pentagon System
7  Crime And Punishment
8  Chain Gangs
9  Prison Labor
10 Devolution
11 Reform
12 Subsidies
13 Taxes
14 Deregulation
15 State Criminal Behavior
16 Economic Miracles
17 Property Rights
18 Trade Myths
19 Democracy And Free Markets
20 Entrepeneurial Values
21 Mysterious Wisdom Of The Market
22 Grand Vision Of The Future
23 Role Of The Propaganda System
24 Corporate Feeding Frenzy
25 Downsizing
26 Class War
27 The Casino Economy
28 What We Can Do
