Into The Attic\ITA- 2008-04-17 Goldie




Goldie
Posted: 4/17/2008 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 20 year old Goldie is back at The Attic for her second visit. We found out that Goldie is a little bondage slut, er, freak the last time she was here so we wanted her back in ASAP. She had quite a few things that she wanted done to her but jeez, there are only so many hours in a day. This shoot welcomes the appearance of a new Dom --Zed.

After Goldie's short interview --which was full of those nervous looks she has-- she was brought into The Attic for her "inspection". Zed wanted to test out a couple of her limitations; gag reflex and Asspirator value for both ass & cunt. To get started she is told to undress and is given a hospital gown to wear. After getting felt up a bit Zed turns her around and sticks his finger down her throat. He could damn near stick his whole hand down there before she gagged. He then checks the sensitivity of her feet using a specially made pinwheel --this pinwheel is far more sharp and prickly than what can be purchased on the Net. Very effective. Goldie squirms around a bit but she's a tough girl. Next, Zed has her bend over and grab her ankles for her asshole/pussy inspection. She really does have a sweet brown ass. Zed then sits in a chair and has Goldie lay down on her back. She is pulled up close to Zed by her legs thereby affording us a very good view of her ass and pussy for the next series of experiments. Zed grabs a video camera and sticks it right in her crotch so that her genitals are plastered across the big screen TV in full view of Goldie. Checking for any stray hairs he singes them off before finger fucking her asshole and checking her temperature anally with a cooking thermometer. He pops the Hitachi on her clit in an effort to bring up the temperature. Next she gets blindfolded so Zed can check her sense of feel. He lubes up her cunt, finger fucks her a bit and then sticks a candle in there and has her guess what it is. When she doesn't get it right he pops it into her asshole and lights it.

Then he pops another one in her cunt and has her guess again. Not satisfied, he places yet another in her cunt. All candles are lit and he now has her guess what color they are. When she doesn't get it right he pulls off some duct tape and applies it to her inner thighs. When he finishes playing with the candles he decides to put lollipops in her cunt. He works it in and out of her cunt and has her guess what it is. When she gets it wrong he puts it in her butt. Her asshole looks great with the handle of that sucker sticking out of it. Then another one gets stuck in her cunt again. He has her guess what flavor it is. While she's thinking about her answer the damn thing falls all the way into her cunt. Only the tip of the handle is visible. He pulls it right out and sticks it in her mouth. She sucks that thing like she has no idea where it came from. Then he pulls the other one out of her ass --which doesn't seem to want to let go of it. Next, Zed uses our new tool the Asspirator. This tool indicates how deep and wide a girl's opening is. Goldie's cunt gobbled it up to the max. Her poor asshole wasn't quite as dexterous. He shoves it in until her tight little ass starts pushing back. You hear the squirty sounds of air coming out. After getting an accurate measurement Zed lubes her up for the next scene and places duct tape over her pussy and asshole for safe keeping.

Next up Goldie is bound to the Receptacle Chair. The chair affords us a good look at her cunt and asshole --which is still duct taped at this point. Her arms are bound together behind her at the wrists and elbows and pulled up high to the ceiling. Next she's brought a tray of food. She told us earlier that she was hungry so, hey, why not force feed her? Zed steps in and decides to make certain that the next time Goldie has a cinnamon roll she doesn't forget what happened to her at The Attic. He feeds her a big piece and then pops the Hitachi onto her cunt. Right away she responds. She's having trouble eating it and before she can even swallow what she's chewing he makes her eat another large piece --all the while that Hitachi is buzzing away. After getting it down she has clothespins applied to her nipples before Zed makes her eat yet another large piece of roll. She doesn't quite know how to react and gives us lots of nervous smiles mixed with a really fearful look. Zed sticks his fingers in her mouth and has her suck off all the greasy cinnamon roll. Not satisfied, he pours butterscotch on his fingers and has her clean that off. She sucks those fingers like it was the last cock in town. Then he fucks her with a night stick. During that activity he shoves a huge piece of roll in her mouth which clearly isn't going to fit; some of it falling off to the floor (we'll save that for Sara Lee). Then he pops that Hitachi on her clit. Her face is all messy from food. She is very distracted by the Hitachi now and closes her eyes, throws her head back and attempts to finish the food in her mouth. The look on her face is most excellent. JR slips in to take over, gags her, puts electrodes on her nipples and then vibs her off to several intense Os before she is fucking wiped out. It was her first time with electricity. When it was first turned on she blurted out --"Oh WOW!" She was thoroughly tortured with orgasm denial, drooling, electricity, Big Blue, pussy slapped, pussy juice wiped on her face and several intense orgasms.

Next scene has Goldie starting off wearing the hottest little bra and panty set yet. Her ass is amazing in it. Damn. We watch her go up into the attic and parade around in it. Ouch. She is a very good looking girl. Nice skin. Pretty face. One just wants to reach out and touch that fabric. This is where Goldie gets to show us if she can achieve a 5 on the Luther Gage. Zed pours a bunch of butterscotch onto Luther, grabs the back of Goldie's head and off they go. In no time she's reached a 4 on the scale. You'll have to cum inside to see if she makes it. I will tell you she had some tears after her effort.

Next scene has Goldie on The Box. With her tits hanging off the end and electrodes on her nipples and a panel gag to keep her company she is vibed off to la la land. You get some really nice pictures of her ass. Of course, that ass looked so good she had the hook stuck in it and tied off to the chain attached to her neck supporting her. She gets fucked by Big Blue, spanked really, really hard on that bubble butt and brought off to several strong Os. On my goodness, I've never heard her make so much noise as when she was getting fucked by Big Blue while that ass hook danced around and her ass cheeks wriggled all over the place. She was noisy. By the end of this scene she was practically in tears.

The last scene has Goldie swinging from the rafters in a hogtie. It was her first ever suspension. She was bound into a nice tight little package for this scene. She looked great all bound up and flying. When I popped that Hitachi on her cunt she said..."Oh my God!". That's when I stuck Big Blue in her too. She said the same thing again, repeatedly. After fucking her with Blue for a bit I pulled it out unceremoniously and asked her how it felt. She said..."Oh Wow!". I made her lick all her cum juice off of Blue before sticking it back in her again for more deep deposits. She really is used up at the end of this scene.

This was a big update...make sure you grab a couple of clean towels before you get started.
 



Screens  http://bayimg.com/AaimeAADp



Cheerz  :-)