 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 08 - Secret Societies - Illuminati - 05





POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 08 - Secret Societies - Illuminati - 05




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director:       These Elite Illuminati Bastards are the Most Sinister, Ruthless Scumbags that have walked the Face of The Earth. They serve their god well. They serve Lucifer. Like Christians worship Jesus these Elite scumbags Worship their god LUCIFER or Satan. He has more than 30 Names in Bible.

This next Fact proves they are evil. If the 200 richest families on Earth would donate just 4% of their WEALTH.  Would you give 4% of everything you owned to House, Cloth and Feed the entire population of the World??? Just 4% of their wealth to end suffering and feed the starving children. Of course you would.  They laugh at USa, they call us Cannon Fodder and Cattle, inject us with poison vaccines and put poison in our water and food supplies.

Look around everything is 180 degrees turned around backwards. Obama and the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! He is the biggest war president the World has ever seen.

Discription -




Conspiracy - Series 1-13:
Conspiracies is a documentary television programme produced by the BBC and broadcast on both BBC Choice (from 2 January 2001) and TechTV (from 1 October 2003). The series was hosted by Clive Anderson. Though a small number of episodes were produced, they focused on a variety of well known conspiracy theories.

Episodes
   The New World Order: Are there secret societies that constitute a shadow government that rules the world?
   Aliens: Are extraterrestrials behind phenomena such as mysterious lights in the sky, abductions and crop circles?
   The Spying Game: Myths and mysteries surrounding espionage organizations such as the CIA.
   Government Cover-Ups? (Disasters): Have politicians covered up the truth in the tragedies of TWA 800, at Oklahoma and in Waco?
   Satanic Panic: Are Satan's minions among us, creating havoc through everything from rock music to liberal education policies?
   Death Of An Icon (Iconic Death): Assassination theories about the deaths of prominent people, including JFK and his brother Bobby, and Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed.
   Hidden Places: Exploring secret spots all over the globe, from Area 51 in Nevada to subterranean supercomputers and rumors of a tropical paradise inside the Earth.
   Big Brother: As the wired world becomes ever more intrusive, are we becoming vulnerable to the all-seeing eye of big brother?
   American Presidents: Are presidential political scandals the result of media leaks, or carefully planned manipulation by the government?
   Body Panic: Are some of us being used as unwilling guinea pigs in the development of biological weapons, such as HIV and Gulf War Syndrome?
   Outer Space Hoax: Was the moon landing a hoax? Are there alien bases on the moon? Is it true that astronauts have seen UFOs? And what was really found on Mars?
   Green Science: Is big business suppressing the development of free energy sources such as cold fusion? What about genetically modified foods?
   Rock 'N' Roll Deaths: What are the true stories behind the sordid deaths of rock and roll stars? Is Elvis still alive? Is Paul McCartney actually dead?



IFC - NEW WORLD ORDER (2009):
Excellent movie to watch, from the Kennedy Assasination, to Waco, To 911.  Documentary on the Truth Movement and its crusaders.

"From the award winning filmmakers of DARKON (SXSW Audience Award 2006) comes New World Order, a feature length documentary about conspiracy theorists directed by Luke Meyer and Andrew Neel. The film is a behind the scenes look at the underground movement of people who want to expose "global elitists," whom they claim are covertly masterminding a series of destructive events to cause a mass breakdown of the world's economy and society. Once the world has fallen into chaos, these same "elitists" will offer a plan to rebuild the economic and social structure of the world (to their liking). This theory is also known as the New World Order.

The film captures this growing anti-New World Order movement as it targets the annual Bilderberg conference, and the 9/11 attacks as focal points in the alleged global conspiracy. Alex Jones, a celebrity radio host, and underground cult hero, is the central character of the film. The film chronicles Alex and four other conspiracy theorists on their ceaseless quest to expose the "massive global conspiracy" they believe threatens the future of humanity.

New World Order is a film about people who believe in conspiracy theories and why they believe in them, not about the theories themselves. This film does not try to prove or disprove conspiracy theories. At its core, New World Order is a film about the power of ideas, and the power of ideas to change one's life and define one's actions."


PLUS:
Approx. 100 PDF files pertaining to these subject merials and much more.  Enjoy!


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS










   
  