Planet Earth Special Edition 2010 Disc2 Blu-ray 720p x264 DTS-MAXiMiZE

Genre: Documentary
Year: 2010
Country: UK
Runtime: 2:26:31
Narrated by:  David Attenborough

Plot

Episode 4: Caves
The Earth's large, deep calcareous caves are virtually inaccessible and therefore barely explored - requiring expert diving where flooded. Some of its wildlife is as strange and specific as in the deep, darkest part of the ocean, whether physically adapted -notably to the dark. Nevertheless, some caves(did) play an important part in native cultures, even as sources of fresh water for some Mayan cities.

Episode 5: Deserts
A large and growing part of earth's land mass is covered in desert - each one widely varied in composition and dryness. Wildlife species have adapted in different ways to these different arid lands especially to get and conserve water. Some are physically desert-models, like camels, others just changed their diet and behavior. Most live mainly at night, when it's cooler. The largest desert is northern Africa's Sahara, US size and extremely sandy, the result of grinding erosion of mountains. Short moist moments or periods are taken intense advantage off, leading to such extravaganzas as the locust swarm.

Episode 6: Ice Worlds
The polar caps have the most extreme seasonal contrasts, growing and melting vast ice masses, so wildlife adapts by annual migrations. The majority of Antartica is a vast barren permafrost. Only 3% of the coast and peninsular peaks are where life migrates to in the spring, for a short fertile summer, attracted by rich supplies of krill and fish. Only the Emperor penguin males breed 4 months in winter 100 miles inland. The Arctic has a more complete fauna which migrates back North from the continent. Here, the Polar bear is threatened because global warming defrosts its seal hunt platform ice too fast.


Format: Matroska

Video
Format/Info: Advanced Video Codec
Some Encoding settings: qp=15 / ip_ratio=1.30 / pb_ratio=1.30

Audio
Format/Info: Digital Theater Systems
Channel(s): 6 channels
Language: English

Text
Format: PGS
Codec ID/Info: The same subtitle format used on BDs/HD-DVDs
Language: English
