Grace Potter

Formed at upstate New York’s St. Lawrence University, based in Vermont, Grace Potter & the Nocturnals have received numerous critical accolades, including being named One of the Best Bands of 2010 by Rolling Stone magazine.

The group’s self-titled album, their third major label release, produced by Mark Batson [Dave Matthews Band], featured the hit single “Paris (Ooh La La),” and debuted in the Top 20 on Billboard’s Top 200, reaching #1 on the iTunes Rock Album chart. GPN, known for playing over 200 shows a year, have built a loyal, dedicated fan base across the U.S. from their incendiary live concerts.

Potter recently made a special solo appearance at Los Angeles’s famed Hollywood Bowl, performing with Stevie Wonder, Sharon Jones and Janelle Monáe, among others. This summer, GPN made their debut on Bonnaroo’s main stage as well as at this year’s Lollapolooza festival in Chicago. The band will promote their first-ever Grand Point North Festival in Burlington, VT, on Aug. 13-14, then cap it all with a headlining show in New York’s Central Park Sept. 24.

The N.Y. Post called a recent GPN live show “…a sizzling concert… the performance was a gripping moment in music where a girl and her band (who’ve enjoyed critical and cult admiration) showed they could hold their own with the biggest acts in music.”

"Playing in Daryl Hall's living room is like stepping into a rock and roll time machine,” raved Grace. “And then they feed you, which is awesome. Daryl went above and beyond to make us feel welcome; even satiating my eternal thirst for old guitars and good wine. He's a class act.”

GPN joined Daryl to perform five songs from their self-titled release, including the serrated rock “Paris (Ooh La La),” which they performed recently on VH1’s Divas telecast, along with “Money,” “Goodbye Kiss,” “Low Road” and “Things I Never Needed.”

Hall and the band also collaborated on “Room to Breathe,” a 1976 classic written by Daryl, which appeared on the Bigger Than the Both of Us album.

Says Daryl: “Grace and the Nocturnals have the kind of classic-rock influences--including The Band, Little Feat, JJ Cale, Neil Young, Joni Mitchell, Van Morrison and Bob Dylan—that are very familiar to me, having experienced that era. We had a great time playing together.” 