Macbeth - 2010 PBS Great Performances - Patrick Stewart

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1621kbps 
Duration.............: 2:39:05
Resolution...........: 848*478 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 224 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 2,211,252,822 
Subtitles............: English
 
http://www.amazon.com/Great-Performances-Macbeth-Patrick-Stewart/dp/B00443FMKM
 
http://video.pbs.org/video/1604122998/#
 
http://bayimg.com/KADHpAADk
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1570337/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macbeth_(2010_film)

The 2010 television version of Macbeth was broadcast on BBC Four on 12th December 2010 directed by Rupert Goold from his stage adaptation for the Chichester Festival Theatre in 2007. It starred Patrick Stewart in the title role with Kate Fleetwood as Lady Macbeth. It used Soviet-era Russian-type uniforms and weapons, or similar, including AK47s, but keeps the original Scottish place names and personal names. It was filmed entirely on location at Welbeck Abbey. The three witches wear nurses' uniforms.

Cast (in credits order)

Patrick Stewart	 ...	Macbeth
Oliver Burch	 ...	Servant
Suzanne Burden	 ...	Lady Macduff
Ben Carpenter	 ...	Donalbain
Hugo Docking	 ...	Macduff Son
Lillian Dummer	 ...	Macduff Daughter
Madeleine Dummer	 ...	Macduff Daughter
Michael Feast	 ...	Macduff
Kate Fleetwood	 ...	Lady Macbeth
Polly Frame	 ...	Witch
Bertie Gilbert	 ...	Fleance
Scott Handy	 ...	Malcolm
Sophie Hunter	 ...	Witch
Hywel John	 ...	Bloody Sergeant
Christopher Knott	 ...	Old Siward
Niamh McGrady	 ...	Witch
Bill Nash	 ...	Angus
Christopher Patrick Nolan	 ...	The Porter
Mark Rawlings	 ...	Lennox
Paul Shelley	 ...	Duncan
Tim Treloar	 ...	Ross
Martin Turner	 ...	Banquo
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macbeth

The Tragedy of Macbeth (commonly called Macbeth) is a play by William Shakespeare about a regicide and its aftermath. It is Shakespeare's shortest tragedy and is believed to have been written sometime between 1603 and 1607. The earliest account of a performance of what was likely Shakespeare's play is April 1611, when Simon Forman recorded seeing such a play at the Globe Theatre. It was first published in the Folio of 1623, possibly from a prompt book for a specific performance.

Shakespeare's sources for the tragedy are the accounts of King Macbeth of Scotland, Macduff, and Duncan in Holinshed's Chronicles (1587), a history of England, Scotland and Ireland familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries. However, the story of Macbeth as told by Shakespeare bears no relation to real events in Scottish history as Macbeth was an admired and able monarch.

In the backstage world of theatre, some believe that the play is cursed, and will not mention its title aloud, referring to it instead by such names as "the Scottish play". Over the centuries, the play has attracted some of the greatest actors in the roles of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth. It has been adapted to film, television, opera, novels, comic books, and other media.

The first act of the play opens amidst thunder and lightning with the Three Witches deciding that their next meeting shall be with Macbeth. In the following scene, a wounded sergeant reports to King Duncan of Scotland that his generals  – Macbeth, who is the Thane of Glamis, and Banquo  – have just defeated the allied forces of Norway and Ireland, who were led by the traitor Macdonwald. Macbeth, the King's kinsman, is praised for his bravery and fighting prowess.

The scene changes. Macbeth and Banquo enter, discussing the weather and their victory ("So foul and fair a day I have not seen"). As they wander onto a heath, the Three Witches enter, who have waited to greet them with prophecies. Even though Banquo challenges them first, they address Macbeth. The first witch hails Macbeth as "Thane of Glamis", the second as "Thane of Cawdor", and the third proclaims that he shall "be King hereafter". Macbeth appears to be stunned to silence, so again Banquo challenges them. The witches inform Banquo that he will father a line of kings, though he himself will not be one. While the two men wonder at these pronouncements, the witches vanish, and another thane, Ross, a messenger from the King, arrives and informs Macbeth of his newly bestowed title: Thane of Cawdor. The first prophecy is thus fulfilled. Immediately, Macbeth begins to harbour ambitions of becoming king.

Macbeth writes to his wife about the witches' prophecies. When Duncan decides to stay at the Macbeths' castle at Inverness, Lady Macbeth hatches a plan to murder him and secure the throne for her husband. Although Macbeth raises concerns about the regicide, Lady Macbeth eventually persuades him, by challenging his manhood, to follow her plan.

On the night of the king's visit, Macbeth kills Duncan. The deed is not seen by the audience, but it leaves Macbeth so shaken that Lady Macbeth has to take charge. In accordance with her plan, she frames Duncan's sleeping servants for the murder by planting bloody daggers on them. Early the next morning, Lennox, a Scottish nobleman, and Macduff, the loyal Thane of Fife, arrives.[2] A porter opens the gate and Macbeth leads them to the king's chamber, where Macduff discovers Duncan's corpse. In a feigned fit of anger, Macbeth murders the guards before they can protest their innocence. Macduff is immediately suspicious of Macbeth, but does not reveal his suspicions publicly. Fearing for their lives, Duncan's sons flee, Malcolm to England and Donalbain to Ireland. The rightful heirs' flight makes them suspects and Macbeth assumes the throne as the new King of Scotland as a kinsman of the dead king.

Despite his success, Macbeth remains uneasy about the prophecy about Banquo. So Macbeth invites him to a royal banquet and discovers that Banquo and his young son, Fleance, will be riding out that night. He hires two men to kill them, while a third murderer also appears in the park before the murder. While the assassins kill Banquo, Fleance escapes. At the banquet, Banquo's ghost enters and sits in Macbeth's place. Only Macbeth can see the spectre; the rest panic at the sight of Macbeth raging at an empty chair, until a desperate Lady Macbeth orders them to leave.

Macbeth, disturbed, visits the Three Witches once more. They conjure up three spirits with three further warnings and prophecies, which tell him to "beware Macduff," but also that "none of woman born shall harm Macbeth" and he will "never vanquish'd be until Great Birnam Wood to high Dunsinane Hill shall come against him". Since Macduff is in exile in England, Macbeth assumes that he is safe; so he puts to death everyone in Macduff's castle, including Macduff's wife and their young children.

Lady Macbeth becomes wracked with guilt from the crimes she and her husband have committed. She sleepwalks and tries to wash imaginary bloodstains from her hands, all the while speaking of the terrible things she knows.

In England, Macduff is informed by Ross that "Your castle is surprised; your wife and babes / Savagely slaughter'd."[4] Macbeth, now viewed as a tyrant, sees many of his thanes defecting. Malcolm leads an army, along with Macduff and Englishmen Siward (the Elder), the Earl of Northumberland, against Dunsinane Castle. While encamped in Birnam Wood, the soldiers are ordered to cut down and carry tree limbs to camouflage their numbers, thus fulfilling the witches' third prophecy. Meanwhile, Macbeth delivers a soliloquy ("Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow)" upon his learning of Lady Macbeth's death (the cause is undisclosed, and some assume that she committed suicide, as Malcolm's last reference to her reveals "'tis thought, by self and violent hands / Took off her life").

A battle culminates in the slaying of the young Siward and Macduff's confrontation with Macbeth. Macbeth boasts that he has no reason to fear Macduff, for he cannot be killed by any man born of woman. Macduff declares that he was "from his mother's womb / Untimely ripp'd" (i.e., born by Caesarean section) and was not "of woman born" (this is an example of a literary quibble). Macbeth realizes, too late, that he has misinterpreted the witches' words. Macduff beheads Macbeth off stage and thereby fulfills the last of the prophecies.

Although Malcolm is placed on the throne and not Fleance, the witches' prophecy concerning Banquo, "Thou shalt [be]get kings", was known to the audience of Shakespeare's time to be true, for James VI of Scotland (later also James I of England) was supposedly a descendant of Banquo.