
There are so many ways for your computer to slow down and lose performance power. Until now, optimizing your PC by addressing each of these factors took advanced technical knowledge, a variety of complex tools, and plenty of your time. Now, there is ParetoLogic PC Health Advisor.

This innovative software boasts a comprehensive suite of tools to optimize, clean, maintain and even protect your computer. It easily fixes common errors that can plague your computer and clears away files that clutter and slow down your system. PC Health Advisor is no regular utility program.
PC Health Advisor is compatible with the Windows® 7 32-bit and 64-bit Operating System! 	  	


Always innovative, ParetoLogic is proud to announce that PC Health Advisor is compatible with the Windows® 7 32-bit and 64-bit Operating System.
NEW! The latest version of PC Health Advisor includes these exciting new benefits and features:

    Customize it for Your Needs

    PC Health Advisor has so many great tools that each user is going to have their favourites. You can now pick which tools are at your fingertips, by customizing the "Home" screen. As well, you can easily choose components you would like scanned: drivers, processes, registry and privacy.
    Improved Privacy

    Always seeking to serve all computer users, the ParetoLogic team is pleased that PC Health Advisor now has improved Chrome browser support so that it can delete all of the associated privacy files.
    At Your Service

    We are here to help! If your PC cannot open a file, PC Health Advisor will automatically launch. Then, with the handy File Extension Manager, you can search for the software to open that particular file extension.
    Alerting You

    PC Health Advisor keeps track of the health of your computer. If disk defragging is needed to boost speed and performance, PC Health Advisor will automatically notify you of this important information.

Download PC Health Advisor Free Computer Checkup:

ParetoLogic PC Health Advisor Tucows Review - 5/5 Cow Rating! Computer Checkup: PC Health Advisor optimizes, cleans and repairs your computer.
Download

Learn how to easily download PC Health Advisor »

    Optimize speed and performance
        Defragment the disk to increase speed and regain space
        Improve computer start speeds by managing startup items
        Stay informed with constantly monitored Windows processes
        Stop slowdowns, plummeting performance, and fix common errors by cleaning the Windows Registry
    Clean up junk files
        Reclaim space and memory by removing duplicate and temporary files
        Delete Internet cached and history information
        Blast away unwanted web browser add-ons with Browser Object Manager
    Increase security
        Find and remove malware that is running in active processes
        Continually updated malware processes database keeps you protected
        Protect confidential information - clean away Internet privacy files
    Access to great tools
        Scans for and helps you update outdated device drivers for greater performance and stability
        Search for specific file extensions and receive help in downloading programs that support it
        Save disk space by disabling Windows features like hibernate or desktop search
        Convenient scheduling of scans and disk defragmentation
    Professional Support and Maintenance
        First-rate memory management and optimization thanks to a comprehensive and continually updated library of applications and processes
        Comprehensive technical support from a veteran team of professionals
        Free product and data base updates for the length of your subscription

PC Health Advisor provides you with the information and power to make your computer a peak performer. With its advanced features you can optimize your system and tweak how your resources are used. For example, the Startup Manager prunes the number of programs that launch when you turn on your computer. When these unnecessary programs are trying to run when things are just getting started, they steal resources that could be best used elsewhere and cause slow startup times.

This is just one reason why PC Health Advisor is the ultimate computer optimization tool. The program solves dozens of common problems and gives you the tools and information to optimize and fine-tune as much as you need. Don't put up with a slow computer, and don't worry about figuring out countless computer tools. With PC Health Advisor, you've got a solution for every problem, all in one.


Read the ReadMe file and enjoy!