Who knew? These albums are so awesome! What a great way to help teach your kids about music and to give them great musical taste early in life. What could possibly be cooler than making toddlers and young kids hip to some of the best pop music ever made? This is a great batch of the Beatles sunniest songs performed by children and slightly reworked in kid-friendly keys. These kids can really sing and the harmonies are quite commendable. Your kids will want to sing along on the bouncy chorus of "Life Goes On," to count and do the alphabet on "All Together Now," and enjoy the amusing sounds of a penny whistle, mandolin, and zither. 


Snoopy's Classiks - Beatles [FLAC]
1. Do You Want to Know a Secret
2. Blackbird
3. Yesterday
4. When I'm Sixty-Four
5. Here Comes the Sun
6. She Love You
7. Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds
8. Help!
9. A Hard Days Night
10. Here, There, and Everywhere


Any parent knows that the surest way to get a kid to listen to an unfamiliar new album - one that has no connection to a much-loved TV show or movie - is to make sure it is fun and animated music. ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE has applied that principle in selecting songs for this album, which is designed to introduce kiddo's to the Beatles. It's a baker's dozen of Fab Four tunes with exceptionally high kid appeal. The expected selections are here - "Yellow Submarine," "When I'm 64," "Here Comes the Sun," and "Yellow Submarine" - but so are some Beatles' songs you wouldn't immediately peg as child-friendly. And they work, in particular the WHITE ALBUMS's trippy classic "Dear Prudence," which will charm the very socks off your little ones.


All You Need Is Love - Beatles Songs for Kids [FLAC]
1. Hard Days Night
2. Ticked to Ride
3. Yellow Submarine
4. Hello Goodbye
5. Maxwell's Silver Hammer
6. Penny Lane
7. Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
8. Being for the Benefit of Mr Kite!
9. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da
10. When I'm 64
11. Back in the USSR
12. Fixing a Hole
13. Octopus's Garden
14. Hey Jude