Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Karmacode is the fourth studio album by Italian alternative metal band Lacuna Coil, released on 31 March 2006 in several countries in Europe, 3 April in the UK and other European countries, April 4th in North America, and 5 April in several other European countries. 500,000 copies of Karmacode have officially been sold worldwide. In Italy the album sold over 20,000 copies, earning the album a Silver record.

The album's four singles released include "Our Truth", the Depeche Mode cover of "Enjoy the Silence", "Closer", and "Within Me". Vocalist Cristina Scabbia confirmed that the song "Without Fear" is an Italian song. Music videos for all singles have been released.

Karmacode has a more prominent Middle-Eastern sound compared with Lacuna Coil's previous releases. The album is considered a blend of classical and modern rock, which is notably heavier and more metallic than previous releases. Popmatters comments that the album "doesn’t take any bold steps forward, but it still shows just how good Lacuna Coil are at what they do, presented in a high-gloss, primed-for-stardom package that is bound to go over huge".

Two songs from the album have been featured in music video games: "Closer" in Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock and as downloadable content in Rock Band, and "Our Truth" in Rock Band 2 and Guitar Hero World Tour.

In September 2007, Lacuna Coil and website digitalmusician.net launched a competition titled To the Edge remix, accepting remixes of song "To the Edge", with the possibility of a release.

Lacuna Coil is an Italian band from Milan formed in 1994. Formerly known as Sleep of Right and Ethereal, the band was inspired by the combination of gothic imagery and music, and the members have been known, musically, for composing midtempo songs consisting of prominent guitar lines and contrasting dual female/male vocal harmonies to help create a melodic, detached sound. Much of the band's recent material, however, sees a heavier and more down-tuned style, featuring a more distinct bass line and a higher mixing of the guitars within the songs. The band's 2006 release, Karmacode, peaked at number 28 on the Billboard 200. Their latest release, Shallow Life, debuted at number 16 on the Billboard charts. The album marks the band diverging their sound from gothic metal to straight-forward alternative metal. As of August 2010, Lacuna Coil has sold nearly 2 million records.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/