INTERESTED TO JOIN TEAM QRG? GIVE A NOTE TO ME NOW!!


WinRAR is a powerful archive manager (Win86/64, Linux, Mac). RAR files can usually compress content by 8 percent to 15 percent more than ZIP files can. WinRAR is a powerful compression tool with many integrated additional functions to help you organize your compressed archives. It can backup your data and reduce size of email attachments, decompress RAR, ZIP and other files downloaded from Internet and create new archives in RAR and ZIP file format.

WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to compression. By consistently creating smaller archives, WinRAR is often faster than the competition. This will save you disc space, transmission costs AND valuable working time as well. WinRAR is ideal for multimedia files. WinRAR automatically recognizes and selects the best compression method. The special compression algorithm compresses multimedia files, executables and object libraries

Features of WinRAR:

[QUOTE]- Using WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to compression by consistently making smaller archives than the competition, saving disk space and transmission costs.
- WinRAR provides complete support for RAR and ZIP archives and is able to unpack CAB, ARJ, LZH, TAR, GZ, ACE, UUE, BZ2, JAR, ISO, 7Z, Z archives.
- WinRAR offers a graphic interactive interface utilizing mouse and menus as well as the command line interface.
- WinRAR is easier to use than many other archivers with the inclusion of a special "Wizard" mode which allows instant access to the basic archiving functions through a simple question and answer procedure. This avoids confusion in the early stages of use.
- WinRAR offers you the benefit of industry strength archive encryption using AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) with a key of 128 bits.
- WinRAR supports files and archives up to 8,589 billion gigabytes in size. The number of archived files is, for all practical purposes, unlimited.
- WinRAR offers the ability to create selfextracting and multivolume archives.
Recovery record and recovery volumes allow to reconstruct even physically damaged archives.
- WinRAR features are constantly being developed to keep WinRAR ahead of the pack.[/QUOTE]

Version 4.00 beta 5

[QUOTE]1. Now WinRAR command line mode -ibck switch is applicable to most of
archive processing operations, not just archiving and extracting.

2. Default compression profile options do not modify extraction behavior
anymore and "Background archiving" option does not work for extraction.
So we added the separate "Background extraction" option in "Advanced"
part of extraction dialog. You can save the default state of this option
with "Save settings" button in "General" part of extraction dialog,
just like for other extraction options.

3. Switch -cfg- disables use of "Default folder for archives" from
WinRAR settings in WinRAR command line mode. Also it forces WinRAR
to ignore "Select for archives" fields in "Organize passwords" dialog.

4. "Mode..." button in the operation progress window is enabled also
when extracting or testing archives. It provides access to
"Command parameters" dialog, where you can set "Turn PC off when done"
option for extraction and test operations.

Previously this dialog was accessible only when archiving.

5. Double clicking on a password record in "Organize passwords" dialog
works like "Edit" button, opening "Password information" dialog.
Previous beta versions ignored the double click in "Organize passwords".

6. Bugs fixed:

a) "a" and "s" commands with -iicon and -iimg switches did not remove
temporary files in WinRAR temporary folder after completion;

b) "Enable autocomplete" option in "Organize passwords" dialog
did not allow to disable the autocomplete feature in Windows XP.[/QUOTE]

Installation Instructions:

[QUOTE]1.Unrar The Rar in The Torrent.
2.Install The Demo Rar According To Your System Configuration
3.Use The Registry Key Provided in The Torrent.
4.Enjoy My Release and Keep Seeding![/QUOTE]
