Bob Geldof - Geldof in Africa (unabridged) - Read by Bob Geldof


Source CD
Duration approx 8:18 hours
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


The book

Bob Geldof first visited Africa in 1984. The following year, Live Aid inspired a generation to raise millions for the starving in Africa. Over twenty years on, passion undiminished, Geldof returns to what he calls the Luminous Continent. This is his personal diary. Bob Geldof celebrates the glories of Africa and its diverse peoples. Provocative, informative, funny, poignant and endlessly entertaining, Geldof supplies his own unique take on this extraordinary land. Travelling through Ghana, Benin, Mali, D. R Congo, Uganda, Ethiopia, Tanzania and Somalia he mixes adventure and anecdote to bring the colours and contradictions of Africa to life.


The author and reader

Robert Frederick Zenon "Bob" Geldof, KBE (born 5 October 1951) is an Irish singer, songwriter, author, occasional actor and political activist. He rose to prominence as the lead singer of the Irish rock band The Boomtown Rats in the late 1970s and early 1980s alongside the punk rock movement. The band had hits with his compositions "Rat Trap" and "I Don't Like Mondays". He co-wrote "Do They Know It's Christmas?", one of the best-selling singles of all time. He starred as Pink in Pink Floyd's 1982 film Pink Floyd The Wall.

Geldof is widely recognised for his activism, especially anti-poverty efforts concerning Africa. In 1984, he and Midge Ure founded the charity supergroup Band Aid to raise money for famine relief in Ethiopia. They went on to organise the charity super-concert Live Aid the following year and the Live 8 concerts in 2005. Geldof currently serves as an adviser to the ONE Campaign, founded by fellow Irish humanitarian Bono. A single father, Geldof has also been outspoken for the fathers' rights movement. Geldof has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, was granted an honorary knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II, and is a recipient of the Man of Peace title which recognises individuals who have made "an outstanding contribution to international social justice and peace", among numerous other awards and nominations.