Tantra * Tantric Philosophy * Kama Sutra

HTML | 15 pages | English



Description:

Excellent article about tantra and kama sutra with many photos in it. The original is on www.tantra.co.nz. In this torrent it is made easier for reading — no banners, advertisement, etc.



Quotes from inside:

Tantra, The Balance of "Spirit and Nature". Seeing the Spiritual in the Sensual.

Tantra is the original "holistic" way of life, yoking body, mind and spirit into living life as a whole. Polarities of good and evil, pure and impure, matter and spirit are done away with as unnecessary barriers to a direct experience of cosmic consciousness. With great finesse, tantra uses material reality for spiritual unfoldment.

According to Tantra, everything in the universe is perfect as it is; the limitations that exist are within the mind. It is said in the Tripurarahasya: "Though in reality there is no bondage, the individual is in bondage as long as there exists the feeling of limitation in him.

When we become lost in our lover,
what is happening is that our souls are merging.
This is an experience that is independent of the physical body. 
It can be compared to two lights moving
closer and closer until they occupy the same space."

This state of cosmic union is the source of the sexual imagery and practices associated with Tantra. Whether it is the Shiva lingam placed on the triangular yoni, the bindu within the triangle in yantras, Kali and other aspects of Devi in sexual union with a prone Shiva, or Tibetan Buddhist yab-yum depictions that show bodhisattvas in copulation with their consorts—they are all artistic interpretations of the mystical state of coupling of Shiva and Shakti.

Above all else, the goal of any Tantric experience is joy, happiness and laughter. So much in our world and our lives is so serious. We even take sex so seriously, being a good lover is so important, having bigger and better breasts and penises and orgasms is so important. 

Perhaps, What is important on the Tantric journey is to be open, to share and most of all, to love. For love is a choice that we make, every moment of every day. 

The wonderful world of Tantra offers many possibilities on how to live, to love and of course, how to have great sex.