Elizabeth J. Meyer - Gender and Sexual Diversity in Schools: An Introduction
 Publisher: Sрringer | 2010-06-09 | ISBN: 9048185580 | PDF | 152 pages | 1.00 MB


 Invaluable and brilliant. Elizabeth Meyer's user-friendly book combines a comprehensive overview of theory and research alongside compelling illustrations of problems and practical solutions regarding gender and sexual diversity in schools. Whether you are just starting to ask questions or already think you know the answers, this book will undoubtedly raise consciousness and commitment to change. Anyone who works in or with schools should read this book ... and then act on it. Kevin Kumashiro, Professor and Chair of Educational Policy Studies and Interim Co-Director of the Institute for Research on Race and Public Policy, University of Illinois at Chicago This is a terrific text that should appeal to scholars working in teacher and leadership education, as well as social foundations and policy. Using an engaging, forthright writing style, and meticulously well-organized, Meyer successfully captures the breadth and depth of the issues involved with sexual and gender diversity. Gender and Sexual Diversity in Schools should become standard scholarly fare in a host of areas. Catherine A. Lugg, Associate Professor of Education, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey 
 Issues related to gender and sexual diversity in schools can generate a lot of controversy, with many educators and youth advocates under-prepared to address these topics in their school communities. This text offers an easy-to-read introduction to the subject, providing readers with definitions and research evidence, as well as the historical context for understanding the roots of bias in schools related to sex, gender, and sexuality. Additionally, the book offers tangible resources and advice on how to create more equitable learning environments. Topics such as working with same-sex parented families in elementary schools; integrating gender and sexual diversity topics into the curriculum; addressing homophobic bullying and sexual harassment; advising gay-straight alliances; and supporting a transgender or gender non-conforming student are addressed. The suggestions offered by this book are based on recent research evidence and legal decisions to help educators handle the various situations professionally and from an ethical and legally defensible perspective.