Chris Spedding
Hurt



Label: RAK/Repertoire
Released: 1977
Remastered: 2000
Source: Original CD
Size Torrent: 327 MB
Format: FLAC





Chris Spedding has had a fascinating career over (almost) the last four decades. A top shelf and incredibly versatile guitarist, Spedding has a formidable resume as a session player, having appeared on literally hundreds of sessions, ranging from his work with Brian Ferry and John Cale to his mid-seventies appearance as one of the Wombles! Having been part of the excellent but criminally overlooked British band The Sharks in the early seventies, Spedding released a fine trilogy of solo albums in the mid to late seventies -"Chris Spedding", "Hurt" and "Guitar Graffiti". "Hurt" is the best of the lot. 

Featuring his own idiosyncratic, often humourous originals and somewhat deadpan vocals, along with a well chosen cover or two, "Hurt" sees Spedding trawl through a variety of styles - RnB, rock and roll, countryish rock and his unique take on punk/new wave, the latter typified by the irresistable "Get Outa My Pagoda", the bonus track "Pogo Dancing" (a UK single)and the stunning title track. Throughout, Spedding's guitar sparkles - he's a true original, his solos inevitably spot on and concise. His playing at the conclusion of "Hurt by Love" provides a great example of his style. 

Spedding is still active today, and still recording high quality records, but "Hurt" is Chris Spedding at his best. 

This re-issue features four bonus tracks, all of which sit nicely with the original ten song album. 






Personnel

Chris Spedding (vocals, guitar); 
Chrissie Hynde, Neil Lancaster, Charles Mills, John Carter (vocals); 
Jack Emblow (musette); 
Harold Fisher, Clem Cattini (drums); 
Ray Cooper (percussion);
Herbie Flowers (bass).






Track Listing

01. Wild in the Street 
02. Silver Bullet 
03. Lone Rider 
04. Woman Trouble 
05. Ain't Superstitious 
06. Wild Wild Women 
07. Road Runner  
08. Stay Dumb  
09. Get Outa My Pagoda 
10. Hurt by Love 
11. Pogo Dancing  
12. The Pose  
13. Gunfight  
14. Evil   
