This album is my favorite in my collection by a landslide. Songs like "Around the World" revive some of the familiar vibes, while ballads like "Scar Tissue," "Otherside," and "Road Trippin'" have something extra special injected in them that makes you want to listen to them over and over... and over.. and over. ^_^ A suprising addition is "Porcelain," which seems as if the guys are singing you a lullaby (awww...). It's a beautiful little diddy. "Savior"'s an incredible song, with tight drums, strong bass, great vocals, and fantastic guitar.
Anthony Kiedis's unique vocals are even better than before and create the driving, flowing, upbeat frontal sound. John Frusciante's guitar sings in every essence of the word. Flea lends more valuble energy to the music, he handles the bass skillfully, and everytime I hear it's rhythms and melodies it makes me happy happy-- to the point where I want to play bass like Flea (even though I can't play the bass guitar... yet... but that isn't the point). The great thing about the Chili Peppers is their bass isn't hidden behind scores of other instruments-- it's right up front and it deserves it too. Chad Smith's percussion drives the songs. This may sound strange, but personally, I live to hear the duh-duh duh-duh duh rhythm at the beginning of "Savior." It just whips the llama() ... I'm telling you. Teehee. 

My recommendation is: purchase this CD. Even if you have to jack it off your friends. (One of them HAS to have it, right?) There will most likely be at least ONE song you'll absolutely love if you aren't a RHCP fan. And if you are a fan, eat the album up. Eat it ALLL up.

by A Customer

TRACKLIST:

01 - Around The World.wma                                   
02 - Parallel Universe.wma                                  
03 - Scar Tissue.wma                                        
04 - Otherside.wma                                          
05 - Get On Top.wma                                         
06 - Californication.wma                                    
07 - Easily.wma                                             
08 - Porcelain.wma                                          
09 - Emit Remmus.wma                                        
10 - I Like Dirt.wma                                        
11 - This Velvet Glove.wma                                  
12 - Savior.wma                                             
13 - Purple Stain.wma                                       
14 - Right On Time.wma                                      
15 - Road Trippin'.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO