Author(s): Martha Stewart Living Magazine
Publisher: Clarkson Potter
Date: 2011-03-22
Format: PDF
Language: English
ISBN10: 0307405095
Pages: 352
ISBN13: 9780307405098

Product Description: The perfect sweet (or savory) for any occasion

Filled with seasonal fruit, piled high with billowy meringue, or topped with buttery streusel, pies and tarts are comforting and foolproof. In Martha Stewart’s New Pies and Tarts, the editors of Martha Stewart Living include 150 recipes: Some are savory, some are sweet; some are simple enough for a weeknight, while others are fancy enough for special events. Throughout, readers will find plenty of fillings and crusts, basics, and techniques for creating flavors and textures for every taste—from down-home classics that come together easily with fresh berries and stone fruits to modern tarts layered with chocolate ganache or finished with a wine glaze. There are also individual hand pies, savory comforts like quiche and potpie, holiday-worthy desserts for nearly every  occasion, and much more.

Chapters feature pies and tarts for everyone: Classic (Lattice-Top Blueberry Pie, Pumpkin Pie), Free-form (Apricot-Pistachio Tart, Apple Butter Hand Pies), Sleek (Caramelized Lemon Tart, Chocolate Mousse Tart with Hazelnuts), Dreamy (Frozen Chocolate–Peanut Butter Pie, Butterscotch Praline Cream Pie), Rustic (Cheddar-Crust Apple Pie, Blackberry Jam Tart), Layered (Rainbow Puff-Pastry Tarts, Chocolate Pear
Tart), Dainty (Roasted Fig Tartlets, Cranberry Meringue Mini Pies), Artful (Peach-Raspberry Slab Pie, Pumpkin and Ricotta Crostata), Holiday (Neapolitan Easter Pie,
Gingerbread-Raspberry Snowflake Tart), and Savory (Leek and Olive Tart, Summer Squash Lattice Tart).

As is expected from Martha Stewart, this book is at once a feast for the eyes and the palate, as well as a practical teaching tool. Each dish is accompanied by a lush, four-color photograph. Throughout the book are simple instructions for decorative crusts and finishing techniques (latticework, cutouts, classic edgings). A complete Basics section of tools, pantry staples, and dough recipes (pate brisee, cream cheese dough, press-in
cookie crusts, puff pastry), plus plenty of tips and make-ahead tricks, help readers along the way. Whether making an effortless, free-form galette or the perfect latticework
pie, bakers of all skill levels will look again and again to Martha Stewart’s New Pies and Tarts.

Martha Stewart Living magazine was first published in 1990. Since then, more than three dozen books have been published by the magazine’s editors. Martha Stewart is the author of dozens of bestselling books on cooking, entertaining, gardening, weddings, and decorating. She is the host of The Martha Stewart Show, the popular daily syndicated television program.