Juaquin Malphurs (born May 31, 1986), better known by his stage name Waka Flocka Flame, is an American rapper signed to 1017 Brick Squad and Warner Bros. He is a Southern hip hop artist best known for his singles O Let's Do It, Hard in da Paint & No Hands, along with his debut album, Flockaveli. Waka Flocka Flame has announced that his second album, Triple F Life: Friends, Fans and Family, will be released during the winter of 2011,

- - -

Juaquin Malphurs was born in South Jamaica, Queens, New York in 1986. His family eventually settled in Riverdale, Georgia. He is the son of Debra Antney, Gucci Mane's former manager and CEO of So Icey/Mizay Entertainment. The name Waka was given to him by his cousin, after the Muppets character Fozzie Bear's catch phrase, Waka Waka. The name Flocka Flame was given to him by rapper Gucci Mane. Waka Flocka Flame's publicist, Kali Bowyer, unleashed a global crossover campaign for Waka Flocka Flame. Waka Flocka posed for a nude but unrevealing picture for the company PETA to boycott killing animals. The picture says Ink not Mink. The picture design is similar to Waka Flocka Flame's album Flockaveli. Waka Flocka Flame said that he has known Gucci Mane since he was 19

- - -

Waka Flocka Flame came to fame with his breakthrough single O Let's Do It" in 2009, which peaked at no.62 on the Billboard Hot 100. Waka Flocka Flame is a member of the 1017 Brick Squad with Gucci Mane, OJ Da Juiceman, Frenchie, and Wooh Da Kid. On January 19, 2010, Malphurs was shot and robbed at a car wash in Atlanta. The bullet went through his right arm. He is currently preparing multiple mixtapes with Brick Squad. His debut album, Flockaveli was released on October 5, 2010. He was featured on Lil Jon's album Crunk Rock on the track Throw It Up, Pt. 2 (Remix). The album debuted at no.5 on the Billboard 200. He was named the eighth hottest MC of 2010 by MTV.

Gucci Mane fired Debra Antney as his manager. Despite rumors, there is no animosity between the two rappers due to this event. In an MTV interview, both he and Waka Flocka Flame affirmed that their relationship is in good standing even though they no longer speak. In early September, Gucci Mane was seen at Flocka's Flockaveli listening party supporting the artist.

- - -

Waka Flocka Flame has release previous mixtapes this year including Salute Me or Shoot Me 3, Benjamin Flocka and his last Twin Towers 2 with Slim Dunkin'. On August 9, 2011 his latest compilation with Gucci Mane, Ferrari Boyz was released. The first single was She Be Puttin On.

On August 9, 2011, the first single for his sophomore album, Round of Applause, featuring Canadian-rapper Drake, a confirmed featured guest to appear on the album, was released. It is produced by Lex Luger. The first original version featured only Waka Flocka Flame, and the remix featured Drake, but later the remix was made the original version. Triple F Life is slated to be released before the end of the year. Songs that will be on the album are Off the Chain featuring David Blayne and Suga Shane, Swish featuring Roscoe Dash, Gorilla Zoe, and Chrissa, Boomin featuring Diddy, and Hi Jackin' Planes.

- - -

Flockaveli is the debut studio album by American rapper Waka Flocka Flame, released on October 5, 2010, by 1017 Brick Squad Records, Warner Bros. Records and Asylum Records. The name of the album comes from the Italian political theorist Machiavelli, inspired by Tupac Shakur, whose final stage name and pseudonym before his death was Makaveli. (wikipedia)

- - - 

Each track gives a new perspective on the same basic archetype, reducing gangsta rap to its building blocks: hypermasculine children of the drug trade, reckless fatalism, intensity, and physicality. Waka's aggression is the survivalist reaction of the powerless, directed toward the threats of the immediate environment. He knows his strengths and he plays to them, exactingly.
(David Drake)

- - -

Waka Flocka Flame - Flockaveli  2010
(Asylum/Warner)

 1. Bustin' At 'Em 
 2. Hard In Da Paint
 3. TTG (Trained To Go)(feat. French Montana, YG Hootie, Joe Moses, Baby Bomb)
 4. Bang (feat. YG Hootie & Slim Dunkin)
 5. No Hands (feat. Roscoe Dash And Wale)
 6. Bricksquad (feat. Gudda Gudda)
 7. Fuck The Club Up (feat. Pastor Troy & Slim Dunkin)
 8. Homies (feat. YG Hootie, Popa Smurf & Ice Burgundy)
 9. Grove St. Party (feat. Kebo Gotti)
10. O Let's Do It (feat. Cap)
11. Karma (feat. YG Hootie, Popa Smurf & Slim Dunkin)
12. Live By The Gun (feat. RA Diggs & Uncle Murda)
13. For My Dawgs
14. G Check (feat. YG Hootie, Bo Deal & Joe Moses)
15. Snake In The Grass (feat. Cartier Kitten)
16. Smoke, Drank (feat. Bo Deal, Mouse & Kebo Gotti)
17. Fuck This Industry
