TTC - The Concerto
By Robert Greenberg


Format: MP3


Ready for thrills? A concerto is exciting in ways that no other instrumental music can match. Where a symphony enthralls us with themes that are contrasted, varied, transformed, and developed, a concerto adds the extra dimension of human drama-the exhilaration of a soloist or group of soloists ringing forth against the mass of the orchestra.

Little wonder, then, that the concerto grew out of the same musical setting in 17th-century Italy that gave birth to opera. And like opera, the concerto is a vehicle for the depiction of every human emotion and relationship imaginable, from the gentlest and most tender to the most violent and confrontational, and everything in between.

The concerto is also an extreme sport for soloists, representing musical life lived at the edge, as instruments and the musicians who play them are pushed to the very limit of what is possible by composers exploring the extremes of instrumental virtuosity.

Best of all, the concerto repertoire is huge! The genre was invented long before the symphony. As a result, Bach, Handel, Vivaldi, Corelli, and Telemann composed hundreds of concerti, but among them not a single symphony. Mozart's great concerti far outnumber his great symphonies; Beethoven wrote almost as many concerti as symphonies; and Brahms composed equal numbers of both. During the 18th and 19th centuries, at least as many concerti were composed as symphonies. And during the 20th century, in terms of sheer quantity, the concerto was by far the single most important genre of orchestral music.

Thrills, drama, emotion, virtuosity, and a vast repertoire-what more could a music lover ask? 


24 Lectures
45 minutes / lecture 


1  The Voice in the Wilderness 
2  The Baroque Italian Concerto 
3  Baroque Masters 
4  Bach’s Brandenburg Concerti 
5  Mozart, Part 1 
6  Mozart, Part 2 
7  Classical Masters 
8  Beethoven 
9  The Romantic Concerto 
10 Hummel and Chopin 
11 Mendelssohn and Schumann 
12 Romantic Masters 
13 Tchaikovsky 
14 Brahms and the Symphonic Concerto 
15 Dvorak 
16 Rachmaninoff 
17 The Russian Concerto, Part 1 
18 The Russian Concerto, Part 2 
19 The Concerto in France 
20 Bartok 
21 Schönberg, Berg and the 12-Tone Method 
22 Twentieth-Century Masters 
23 Elliott Carter 
24 Servants to the Cause and Guilty Pleasures 