-
http:// www .Torrentkit .com        thanks for supporting with server cost,  
http:// www .Torrentkit .com       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ...... http://www. Torrentkit. com..........

-
 
[W4F PRESENTS]: Four.Corners.2011.05.30.A.Bloody.Business.WS.PDTV.XviD-W4F

 
[RELEASE DATE]: 2011/06/01

 
[GENRE.......]: Documentary/Investigative

 
[DESCRIPTION.]:
A Bloody Business

Reporter: Sarah Ferguson and Producer: Michael Doyle

Broadcast: 30/05/2011

Next on Four Corners: A Bloody Business. An explosive
expos of the cruelty inflicted on Australian cattle exported to
the slaughterhouses of Indonesia.

Right now in northern Australia, ships are being readied to
load thousands of cattle to be transported to Indonesia
where they will be fattened in feedlots and sent to abattoirs
for slaughter. Australia sends about 500,000 cattle there
each year in a trade worth more than $300 million. Six million
cattle have been sent to Indonesia since the trade began two
decades ago, supplying a growing demand for beef.

Despite industry assurances that the welfare of cattle sent to
Indonesia is "generally good", Four Corners reveals that many
thousands of these animals die slow and hideous deaths. Four
Corners goes into the abattoirs that the Australian meat
industry does not want the public to see. The results will
shock viewers and confront industry and government with the
question: how much suffering must these animals endure for
the sake of profit?

Following a report published January this year by industry and
government, painting a positive picture of conditions in
Indonesia, animal welfare campaigners took their own
cameras into abattoirs to record the conditions for
themselves. That footage reveals that Australian training of
the slaughtermen in Indonesia has been grossly inadequate.
Animals smash their heads repeatedly on concrete as they
struggle against ropes, take minutes to die in agony after
repeated often clumsy cuts to the throat. In some cases
there is abject and horrifying cruelty - kicking, hitting, eye-
gouging and tail-breaking - as workers try to force the cattle
to go into the slaughter boxes installed by the Australian
industry, with Australian Government support.

The program shows video footage taken by its own team and
separately by animal welfare activists across a range of
slaughterhouses. The Australian cattle industry insists its
training programs in Indonesia are effective, what this
footage shows is cattle being subjected to a range of
horrifying acts of brutality, many the result of the workmen's
inability to handle the cattle inside the processing plants. As
one eye witness put it:

"We'd assumed that because there were greater level of
industry involvement in Indonesia, the treatment of livestock
would've been better. But we couldn't have been more
wrong."
m

By request here is the extremely disturbing Four Corners from
this week.
THIS DOCO CONTAINS VERY GRAPHIC IMAGES, you have
been warned.

 
 _ W4F is looking for _
 100mbit+ affil sites with archives
 Broadcast/Network/PPV Cappers with PDTV/HDTV Sources (US/UK/AU)
 People with PDTV/HDTV sources with an interest in capping
 TV/WWE/MMA DVD Rippers/Suppliers

   Contact us at w4fcrew@gmail.com

   Releasing TV since 2002