Artist: Whiskey Myers
Album: Firewater
Bitrate: 264kbps avg
Quality: EAC Secure Mode / LAME 3.98.4 / -V0 / 44.100Khz
Label: Wiggy Thump Records
Genre: Rock
Size: 109.63 megs
PlayTime: 0h 55min 51sec total
Rip Date: 2011-05-28
Store Date: 2011-04-26

Track List:
--------
01. Bar, Guitar And A Honky Tonk     3:17
    Crowd
02. Guitar Picker                    3:28
03. Ballad Of A Southern Man         3:40
04. Calm Before The Storm            5:39
05. Broken Window Serenade           5:46
06. Different Mold                   5:21
07. Turn It Up                       3:24
08. Virginia                         4:20
09. Anna Marie                       3:37
10. How Far                          3:07
11. Strange Dreams                   6:12
12. Song For You                     8:00

Release Notes:
--------
In a modest rent house in the small East Texas town of Elkhart, Texas, Cody
Cannon and Cody Tate began to write music, only dreaming of the success that is
sure to follow. They began to incorporate the talent and imagination of friend
and guitarist John Jeffers. At that time, they called themselves Lucky Southern,
though they had only three members. As time passed, with their inspiration
mounting, they moved to Tyler, Texas. There they met up with Jeff Hogg, a mutual
friend and drummer from Palestine, Texas, and Gary Brown, a bass guitarist who
had grown up in Neches, Texas. They came together and came to be known as
Whiskey Myers. Soon, the group was playing private parties on flatbed trailers
in small towns around East Texas. The sound they emitted was something more
unique than anyone had expected. From their first show in Montalba, Texas, a
young Whiskey Myers was hooked on performing, and the crowds were hooked on
them. In the spring of 2007, they were given the opportunity to open for Roger
Creager at Gator s Bar and Grill in Gun Barrel City, Texas. The club owner was
so impressed by their performance and the crowd that had come to the stage that
he asked them to come back the next weekend to open for The Eli Young Band. From
then on, popularity for the band began to swell. They were heard on live stages
all over East Texas, in interviews on local radio stations, and seen on
television giving live interviews. Suddenly it seemed that the whole region knew
who Whiskey Myers was, and everyone was becoming familiar with their high energy
twin guitars, soulful vocals, and unstoppable rhythm. Whiskey Myers musical
style was forged from several different genres of music from several different
eras. The most obvious of these are the blues rock jam bands such as Lynyrd
Skynyrd, The Allman Brothers Band, and Led Zeppelin. Whiskey Myers takes the
blues rock genre and mixes it with modern day Texas Country such as Reckless
Kelly, Randy Rogers, and Cross Canadian Ragweed to derive a new sound that is
sure to take concert listeners on an atmospheric roller coaster. With a sound
like no other and a stage presence that captivates anyone close enough to
notice, a live concert performed by this young band is something that must be
seen to be believed. The Tyler area has been instrumental in the development of
Whiskey Myers from a group of musicians to a band. As the group continues to
expand its fan base, new listeners all over Texas are beginning to recognize
their talent. They continue to engulf listeners with their sound, ensuring that
the name Whiskey Myers is one that will be remembered for ages to come.

