Ashampoo Movie Shrink & Burn 3 Ashampoo Movie Shrink & Burn 3 redimensiona and turns its digital films and video clips to other formats of fast form and with a highest quality. Also it can record his DVDs video, Blu-Ray discs and CDs video so that they are compatible with the reproducer of his hall. It only must select the type of the output device (Reproductive DVD, PC, PDA, Internet) and next to choose the format that want to use and the maximum size of the file. Ashampoo Movie Shrink & Burn 3 makes the rest by you. It can turn clips and films to share them with his friendly, to reproduce them in movable devices and to raise them YouTube and other sites of video. Also it can turn DVDs videos without protection of copy to other more compact formats and record the videos turned into DVDs, CDs video and Blu-ray discs. It does against the zoo of the videos! Nowadays a true zoo of formats of video for its visualization in an increasing number of devices exists, including the movable devices. Often it will have wanted to share his videos with friendly or other members of the family that require different formats, or to raise the videos certain sites that require a format in particular. It turns between different formats and also it compresses the videos during the process? for example, to adjust to a DVD simple or CD or to create smaller archives for its ascent or shipment by mail. To copy multiple films to DVDs This version includes the recording of videos DVD with the possibility of storing long films in two or more DVDs without it supposes loss of quality. Thus the expensive necessity is avoided to use the DVDs of double castrates and that some times is less effective. It produces YouTube videos of high quality Now can turn directly to an ample rank of formats different to share them in the sites, including YouTube. This provides a total control on the degree of compression and the quality to him of its films to secure the best possible results. Besides YouTube, Ashampoo Movie Shrink & Burn 3 also supports to the formats of Yahoo Video, TV, Metacafe and DailyMotion. New Functions: * Totally compatible with Vista Windows? * Recording of Video DVD: DVDs of video creates and records * multiple Video DVD: It divides the long films automatically so that they fit in DVDs multiple with a maximum quality and without needing using double discs it castrates * Conversion to YouTube: It creates videos of high quality for YouTube, Yahoo Video, TV, Metacafe and DailyMotion. * DVDs de Datos and Blu-ray discs: It also records his videos in DVDs of data and in Blu-ray discs if it has a new recorder of the Blu-ray format * Interphase of User: Images in miniature to select the video archives, a practically new screen for the selection of formats and operative the fastest one, many other improvements and adjustments less important Existing Functions and Improvements: * Conversion to movable devices: It turns and it compresses his videos to more compact formats to reproduce them in PDAs and other movable devices * Formats of Reproducer DVD: It turns to a great variety of formats supported by the normal reproducers of DVD * Conversion to CD formats: It turns to the formats of video based on CD, including CDs Video, Super CDs Video, DivX/Xvid CDs and other formats, on CDs of multiple normal data * CD: It automatically divides multiple the long films in CDs if it is necessary (suportado for XVid/DivX AVIs, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, QuickTime, WMV, CDs Video, Super Video CDs and DivX/Xvid CDs) * Conversion of DVDs video: From DVDs video desencriptados it can turn the archives of video VOB into smaller and compact formats with a highest quality