 http://bayimg.com/nADbEaAdM

The Lonely Guy (1984) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087635/

The Lonely Guy is a 1984 Steve Martin romantic comedy film, written by Neil Simon and directed by Arthur Hiller.

  Steve Martin  ...  Larry Hubbard  
  Charles Grodin  ...  Warren Evans  
  Judith Ivey  ...  Iris  
  Steve Lawrence  ...  Jack Fenwick  
  Robyn Douglass  ...  Danielle  
  Merv Griffin  ...  Himself  
  Joyce Brothers  ...  Herself (as Dr. Joyce Brothers)  

Based on the book "The Lonely Guy's Book of Life" by Bruce Jay Friedman, Martin portrays Larry Hubbard, a greeting card writer who goes through a period of terrible luck with women. At the pit of his despair, Hubbard writes a book titled A Guide for the Lonely Guy, which is rampantly successful and catapults him into an entirely different experience of life.

The film also stars Charles Grodin, Judith Ivey and Steve Lawrence and features cameo appearances from Merv Griffin, Dr. Joyce Brothers, and Loni Anderson. The theme song, "Love Comes Without Warning", was performed by America.

It's a hard life being lonely in New York City. After Larry (Steve Martin) loses his latest girlfriend, Warren (Charles Grodin), a sad sack singleton, tries to teach him how to talk to the ferns in his apartment and to liven up a party with cardboard cutouts of celebrities. In two of the funniest scenes in the film, Larry joins the hundred of other lonely guys who stand on building rooftops and cry out for the women they have lost. In the second, Larry finds himself on the Manhattan Bridge where those moles bereft of hope leap off into the river below.

These hilarious bits make this drama, which is based on Bruce Jay Friedman's The Lonely Guy's Book of Life, an inventive black comic meditation on being single. Grodin steals the movie from Martin, especially when the latter's on-and-off again affair with a confused divorcee (Judith Ivey) doesn't really click. Also featured in The Lonely Guy are Steve Lawrence, Robyn Douglass and Dr. Joyce Brothers.

