The world's bestselling computer security book--fully expanded and updated

"Right now you hold in your hand one of the most successful security books ever written. Rather than being a sideline participant, leverage the valuable insights Hacking Exposed 6 provides to help yourself, your company, and your country fight cyber-crime." --From the Foreword by Dave DeWalt, President and CEO, McAfee, Inc.

"For security to be successful in any company, you must ‘think evil' and be attuned to your ‘real risk'...Hacking Expose 6 defines both." --Patrick Heim, CISO, Kaiser Permanente

"The definitive resource to understanding the hacking mindset and the defenses against it." --Vince Rossi, CEO & President, St. Bernard Software

"Identity theft costs billions every year and unless you understand the threat, you will be destined to be a victim of it. Hacking Exposed 6 gives you the tools you need to prevent being a victim." --Bill Loesch, CTO, Guard ID Systems

"This book is current, comprehensive, thoughtful, backed by experience, and appropriately free of vendor-bias-prized features for any security practitioner in need of information." --Kip Boyle, CISO, PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company

"The Hacking Exposed series has become the definitive reference for security professionals from the moment it was first released, and the 6th edition maintains its place on my bookshelf," --Jeff Moss, Founder of the popular Black Hat Security Conference

Meet the formidable demands of security in today's hyperconnected world with expert guidance from the world-renowned Hacking Exposed team. Following the time-tested "attack-countermeasure" philosophy, this 10th anniversary edition has been fully overhauled to cover the latest insidious weapons in the hacker's extensive arsenal.

New and updated material:

   * New chapter on hacking hardware, including lock bumping, access card cloning, RFID hacks, USB U3 exploits, and Bluetooth device hijacking
   * Updated Windows attacks and countermeasures, including new Vista and Server 2008 vulnerabilities and Metasploit exploits
   * The latest UNIX Trojan and rootkit techniques and dangling pointer and input validation exploits
   * New wireless and RFID security tools, including multilayered encryption and gateways
   * All-new tracerouting and eavesdropping techniques used to target network hardware and Cisco devices
   * Updated DoS, man-in-the-middle, DNS poisoning, and buffer overflow coverage
   * VPN and VoIP exploits, including Google and TFTP tricks, SIP flooding, and IPsec hacking
   * Fully updated chapters on hacking the Internet user, web hacking, and securing code

Table of contents

Part I: Casing the Establishment
Chapter 1. Footprinting
Chapter 2. Scanning
Chapter 3. Enumeration
Part II: System Hacking
Chapter 4. Hacking Windows
Chapter 5. Hacking Unix
Part III: Infrastructure Hacking
Chapter 6. Remote Connectivity and VoIP Hacking
Chapter 7. Network Devices
Chapter 8. Wireless Hacking
Chapter 9. Hacking Hardware
Part IV: Application and Data Hacking
Chapter 10. Hacking Code
Chapter 11. Web Hacking
Chapter 12. Hacking the Internet User
Part V: Appendixes
Appendix A. Ports
Appendix B. Top 14 Security Vulnerabilities
Appendix C. Denial of Service (DoS) and Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) Attacks
Index
Biographical note

Stuart McClure, CISSP, CNE, CCSE, a leading authority on information security, is VP of Operations & Strategy for the Risk & Compliance Business Unit at McAfee.Joel Scambray, CISSP, is cofounder and CEO of Consciere, provider of strategic security advisory services.George Kurtz, CISSP, CISA, CPA, is an internationally recognized security expert, author, and entrepreneur. He is currently a senior executive and general manager with McAfee, Inc.They are the bestselling coauthors of the five previous editions of Hacking Exposed. 