Caetano Veloso - Circuladô Vivo
-------------------------------

Recorded live and produced around 1993

Text extracted from the cd cover:
(I think Caetano is great. But I advice, this text was undoubtly written by an obsessive fan)


CAETANO VELOSO has got the sensitiveness of the unpredictables: active composer and skilful in his interpretations, he gives life to each word, each line, each stanza he writes.
Making a story of each song he sings, Michael Jackson's "Black Or White" or Dylan's "Jokerman" with a poetical feeling no one has ever listened. He shifts from bossa-nova to tango tailoring his interpretations with the skill of a genius.

CAETANO VELOSO, undoubtfully, is the leading representative of Brasil's popular music.
He's unique. Set apart the fact that Brazilian music is one of the richest and varied in the world. All this turns CIRCULADO VIVÔ into a definite masterpiece. His bet songs combined with his innovative way of interpretation are all captured in this release. A selection recorded live. The audience reacts as he touches the guitar or when a different accord is played. The beat of percussion, the sound of the cello.

Those who know the music of CAETANO VELOSO will enjoy the pleasure of listening to an artist on the top. CAETANO is 50 now and, still, so unquiet. Among others, the songs "Novas", "Um Indo", "Queixa", "Circuladô e Fulô", "Você e Linda", "Sampa", "O Leaozinho" makes the selection besides "Chega de Saudade"(Tom Jobim and Vinicios de Moraes)- the song that gave birth to bossa-nova - "Mano a Mano" (a tango, the eternal symbol of Carlos Gardel), and "Oceano" a song Roberto Carlos and Erasmo Carlos dedicated to CAETANO while he was exiled in London during the dictatorship in Brazil.

Not enough, CAETANO VELOSO takes the opportunity to yell to the four corners the inflamed poem "Americanos". A challenge to any artist's interpretation, That's CIRCULADÔ VIVO. A turn, a brilliant artist. The best of the best Brazilian singer: CAETANO VELOSO.


Artists List:

Caetano Veloso - Voice, Acoustic Guitar
Luiz Brasil - Acoustic Guitar, Midi Guitar, Electric Guitar, Vocal.
Jaques Morelenbaum - Cello, Vocal.
Marcos Amma - Berimbau, Caxixi, Congas, Bongo, Effects.
Wellington Soares - Surdo, Tambourine
Dadi - Electric Bass, Vocal
Marcelo Costa - Surdo, Drums 


File List:

1 - A Tua Presença Morena.flac
2 - Black Or White - Americanos.flac
3 - Um Índio.flac
4 - Circuladô De Fulô.flac
5 - Queixa.flac
6 - Mano a mano.flac
7 - Chega de Saudade.flac
8 - Disseram Que Eu Voltei Americanizada.flac
9 - Quando Eu Pensa Na Bahia.flac
10 - A Terceira Margem Do Rio.flac
11 - Oceano.flac
12 - Jokerman.flac
13 - Você É Linda.flac
14 - O Leãozinho.flac
15 - Itapuã.flac
16 - Debaixo Dos Caracois Dos Seus Cabelos.flac
17 - Os Mais Doces Barbaros.flac
18 - A Filha Da Chiquita Bacana - Chuva, Suor E Cerveja.flac
19 - Sampa.flac

Enjoy It.
