 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104348/

As a follow-up to our previous posting of the DivX version of this great movie
respecting the business of "commissioned sales" along with (Tin Men 1987) 
Starring Danny Devito and Richard Dreyfuss we once more bring you this major
feat in what is the best of this genre of moviemaking genius. 

Glengarry Glen Ross (1992)
The work of Pullitzer Prize winning playwright Mr. David Mamet
(see as well: The House of Games -1987 with Joe Mr. Mantegna and 
the real nice Ms. Lindsay Crouse)

720p Xvid HDTV at 1280 X 548 video resolution with 5600k video bitrate 
256k mp3 audio

subtitles files are included for
 
Bulgarian
Dutch
English template
French
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Spanish
Swedish

No sign yet of Italian or German - go figure!


You'll find more posted as they become available on the net I suggest.
The included English srt file  could serve as a template if you
which to make your own instant version into whatever other language as is
offered by google translate facilty perhaps - and combined with the great
subtitles editor program from nikse.dk of Denmark - great competence there
indeed (and elsewhere in the EU)!


Being is commissioned sales is no way to live. Everyone should have a steady
assured source of income with bonuses based on performance that are reasonable
in order to make the model economical to sustain. Feast or famine is no way
to exist and in fact it drives many to acts of desperation in all it is that they 
get involved in whether at work or relationships at home. 

Then of course there is the predatory mindset that teaches the derogation of the
human spirit so as to spawn a devourer of sorts bent on feeding his own needs
of ego gratification and monetary gain at the expense of good folk that they might 
end up preying on. Alec Baldwin's Character in speaking to a salesman under his 
command says "you are nothing - as my watch costs more than your car". Many
shallow superficial leadership types think this works and is a valid way to look
at people. How sad. as a formidable former Sales Trainer (the best in fact!)and
Human Relations coach equally, I can tell you intuitively that this guy is out to
lunch in the business of keeping his people rightly motivated. Fear itself never
motivates - it deters and it degenerates - but its never rational in comparison
as an approach to making people perform when better tactics are available. As such
"the bottom of the list gets automatically fired every month" is a stupid way to
exist equally as some of the best do have an off month too now and then I can say
from first hand experience of what I saw while in the Computer industry PC
Corporate marketing sector in particular. (I earned my licence potentially to
sell Real estate at the age of 19 - however didn't follow through back then despite
an offer from a Commercial Real Estate firm who offered a draw against commissions
to get me to leave my job as  manager of a Stereo store).

This movie is the best look at such issues and since the plot revolves around
high-roller Real estate sales types, it certainly should be of interest to many
millions of people around the world caught up in the life of sales that often
has no real meaning to it when there is nothing there in the way of secure other
than last months sales as nothing means anything until you sell again. The movie 
"death of a salesman" similarly speaks to this illness that it breeds in feeling
mainly exploited, exploitative and not truly a valued member of the community outside from being a commodity as it were.

There are many great people drawn to sales, and many get very rich at it.
More power to you! few are well motivated around the likes of the character
in this movie of Kevin Spacey as his human warmth is suspect of being only 
a gimmick as it were. As such, you should pick who you work with and work under
with care as all you do will be affected by it in all aspects of your life.


Jack Lemmon gives us the clearest idea of a poor salesman in what is his
complete lack of genuine care in his approach to customers as "an easy enough
mark every time". This approach deserves to be a dismal failure and that is mainly 
what is the result as we see in the show.

Making men desperate drives them to desperate acts potentially and that is what
we see occurs when some of the men decide to resort to outright theft to bring
down their abusive employer and earn a better living elsewhere perhaps - as
naive as that is to think could occur after such a false start.


The most magnificent performance in this movie and the bulk of the kudos belong
most sincerely to Al Pacino's character. He is the most intelligent and humanly
warm and caring of the crew with intuition and wisdom second to none. He is the
best of men here as it were. That is clearly so despite a script that often doesn't
seek to do justice top what are his real ideas views attitudes and feelings on 
matters at hand being discussed. Then again the wicked always seek to win at the 
expense of their betters and man hasn't yet overcome this fault of nature in a 
clear enough victory so as to change this truth forever more in what remains of 
human existence on this earth potentially.

There is a reference to the failings of multicultural bliss as Pacino
rejects being given a lead bearing the name of "Patel" as he ribs
Spacey's own character in the movie


No to belabour, Enjoy the show and please seed to everyone you know
in this great profession of ours along the way!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo