Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:  
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:  
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:  
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cb9mq4hmkqj09scj1a39zxua3b1   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?dxrvyort9y93k6ho1zhg5z44drc   face & breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?s513zw4clfwfcyy87156ff1qifmp  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0ma2qb4p771smx7zu474a6jq608   spreading 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?q8uqe9sb4qg5nh8wj6tvdte5vecu  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ozr5wi13dnrb9yuzyzv9e8y60a8e  ass
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?br81y6fbfcfqbo0r1thhqhpsiqb   vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?9k1mhhfdbe63yxsjo8ui20ieq48w  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?640gughrlx219hqjhet8fmowb6k4  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8m3ilt4vqpve520xbt32ik43isq   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments:  My name is Karina and i am 21 years old. im born and raised in LA. I live next to the LAX airport. I just started modeling and im brand spanking new. I come from a very strict family. I was raised catholic. I went to catholic school from kindergarten to eighth grade. I loved wearing my cute uniform to school. It was a white button down collard shirt, with a hiked up red plaid skirt. I usually accessorized with high socks and maryjane shoes. I looked so hot in my eighth grade uniform. I wish i still had it. Although, I do have alot of School girl outfits which i tried on an showed off for FTV. My life now is very busy. Im always working and always going going going. Im your average LA girl. Im a medical Marijuana advocate. My favorite type of guy is dark hair with light blue eyes, nice build, MUST BE A GENTLEMAN. I hate that for most men, CHIVALRY is dead. I find it a huge turn on when a man will open my door, brought me flowers, or even stick up for me in a time of need. I want my knight and shining armor, because well i AM a princess! I am a very loyal girl and i hope that everyone in my life is just as loyal to me. I try to be very nice and sweet to everyone i meet because i believe manners and treating people the way you would like to be treated is very important. I do like girls as well. They are very gentle when they make love and it was a whole new experience for me. Being with a girl also lets me explore my DOMINANT side. I am an aries and if you dont know what that means ill explain. Aries girls have very unique traits. We always have to be in control. We like rough sex. We are in charge. Aries in greek Mythology was the GOD OF WAR. That explains my astrological sign very well. I am quick tempered and i dont let many people fuck with me. The only person who would be able to experience my submissive side would be my boyfriend. IF i had one. I do have many men ask me on dates or show interest, but i have a very picky side to me. If i meet someone I know right away if im attracted to them. Usually in the first conversation I have the other person pretty much figured out. Im very good at reading people. Im also a very open and BLUNT person. If i have something important on my mind, you are going to hear it, i dont care what you think or say. Thats just me, and some people will just LOVE ME OR HATE ME. But you know what, Ive learned that either way. YOU ARE ALL STILL OBSESSED WITH ME!
Love K

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She's just started shooting adult, and I managed to get her before she had any major shoots with other adult sites.  This allowed me to get an untainted girl who loves to flash and masturbate... and it shows.  She's supercute, looks like a 'teen' though 21, and the first thing you notice are those full natural breasts.  She had no shyness about exposing them, and several times off camera she would have them out 'just because'.  No reason to get into trouble however, not when we just started shooting!  Her playfulness at the mall, construction area, neighborhood and street all expresses her laissez-faire attitude about being seen in public.  She eventually gets completely naked, and even runs around on the street.  With her feet dirty and her vagina needing a wash, we did a bathtub scene for some foot fetish and extreme closeups of her vagina being soaped up.  Then she masturbates with a choice vibrator, and has several orgasms, with visible vaginal contractions.  I guess she doesn't masturbate as much as she claims to, because she was surprised by her own wetness.  She had brought one cute dress and heels, so we shot her on location at an office park.  It was time to flee though when a security guard intercepted us.  Finding another spot nearby, she masturbates again to another orgasm.  She likes walking barefeet, and so I recorded her doing so at the mall (even though the tiles are burning hot!) she definitely has cute feet...  Then an interview about her sex life, with more risky flashing.  Outtake: A blooper where she drops her vibrator.


Model Comments:  FTV EXPERIENCE:  I had a great day today. It was my first time in PHOENIX AZ. I flew out here and the plane ride in was a bit rocky. I felt pretty nauseous as we landed. Supposedly the pilot was new and he didnt have very much landing experience so we pretty much crashed into the ground. I met up with the Filmer right away since i did not check any bags. I had to use the pay phone to call him so we could meet up. I didnt have my cell phone because i had accidently left it at home. YES, what a great way to start my day right? Well my day didnt turn out to be all that bad. I had good company and there was no akwardness or mean things said to me during the shoot. That is sometimes rare because you can sometimes get photographers or fimers who are HARSH and very demanding. It wasnt like that today. He was very kind and always told me to stay out of the hot AZ sun. I felt a bit sick during the shoot a few times because im used to smoking marijuana. I didnt bring any with me here because there is really strict laws about pot in AZ. Once i masturbated for FTV and once i was done i felt great and no longer sick. That was a great thing to find out about myself today. I plan to masturbate alot more now that i know it could possibly cure nausea. Im done with the shoot now and im not going to lie, i cant wait to get off the plane and get back to LA. I love the weather there its right next to the beach and its never too hot never too cold. All in all i say today was a total success!
Love K

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Karina was somewhat exhausted from her outdoor experience earlier, so she took a nude nap break.  Great way to start shooting her.  Supposedly she had a fight with her boyfriend (about getting into video porn) just the night before and that will put a toll on a girl flying from LA to shoot in Phoenix the next day.  She didn't even have her cell phone because he took it from her, and she ended up using a payphone to call me on pickup at the airport.  Ah... girls and their useless boyfriends... but that's another topic.   She ends up doing a hot breast & butt massage, those breasts are perfect for squeezing!  Leading to the topic of anal sex, she experiments with two vibrators, double penetrating herself.  We soon realize that she's very small/tight down there, and she barely gets both in.   She claims that guys orgasm quickly when they penetrate her, and I can see that being true.  More extreme closeups of her rather large clitoris, and then a little dressup scene of her putting on miniskirts.  I preferred the blue miniskirt, and we headed out to a nearby golf course to shoot.  She's so cute in those heels and a skirt that reveals the full panties!  When she went barefoot in the grass, something bit her in the foot, and it stung real bad.  I think it was a fire ant...  More kinky fetish time with a banana that goes as deep as she can get it (man is she tight!) then leading to more masturbation.  The way she was sitting, I could get some really good views of her strong vaginal contractions (three orgasms!) and then she surprises us both with a mini-squirt!  I didn't notice it while recording, but during editing it was more visible (3:00 on clip7).  She's never squirted in her life...  Then some playful stretching in the sunset, just to check her out in the nude again, as well as pool play with her developing goosebumps on her breasts.   Clip 9:  A member who had originally sent the vibraking had sent me another, even more 'vintage' toy made in 1917, with all kinds of original packaging and documentation.  I had her try it as an experiment, but may use it more thoroughly in the future.  Another outtake (audio):  While grocery shopping got 'identified' as FTV, didn't risk using the flashing scene there on the site. 