The Sims is a strategic life-simulation computer game developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. It was created by game designer Will Wright, also known for developing SimCity. It is a simulation of the daily activities of one or more virtual persons ("Sims") in a suburban household near SimCity.
The Sims was first released on February 4, 2000. By March 22, 2002, The Sims had sold more than 6.3 million copies worldwide, making it the best-selling PC game in history;[1] the game has shipped 16 million copies worldwide as of February 7, 2005.[2] Since its initial release, seven expansion packs and a sequel, The Sims 2 (with its own expansion packs), have been released. A third game, The Sims 3, is currently under production, due for release on 2nd June 2009. The Sims has won numerous awards, including GameSpot's "Game of the Year Award" for 2000. 'The Sims' franchise also holds the record for best-selling games franchise of all time, with more than 100 million copies of Sims 1, Sims 2, all expansion and stuff packs being sold worldwide to date.
Overview
The Sims focuses entirely on the lives of virtual people called Sims, placing the player in control of their virtual "world" and their daily activities, such as sleeping, eating, reading, and bathing. Will Wright, the game's designer, calls it a "digital dollhouse"[citation needed]. Although players are encouraged to make their own characters, certain pre-made characters, such as the Newbie and Goth family, have become popular.
The player controls almost all aspects of the lives of a family, either premade or self-created, sometimes being referred to as a "God". Many choices lead a player's sim to a large household or a single life.
Gameplay and design
Instead of objectives, the player is encouraged to make choices and engage fully in an interactive environment. This has helped the game successfully attract casual gamers. The only real objective of the game is to organize the Sims' time to help them reach personal goals.

The Sims Deluxe Edition
was released in 2002 for Windows. It included the core game; The Sims: Livin' Large; and some exclusive content, including 25+ objects and 50+ clothing choices. It also included The Sims Creator, a separate program which can be used to edit and customize Sim clothing.

Families In The Deluxe Edition:

    * Goth Family
    * Pleasant Family
    * Michael Bachelor
    * Roomie Family, (Melissa Smith and Chris Jones)
    * Mashuga Family


Genre: Simulation
System Requirements:

    * Windows 95/98
    *
      233 MHzProcessor
    *
      32 MB RAM
    *
      4x CD-ROM drive
    *
      2 MB DirectX 7 compatible graphics card
    *
      DirectX 7 compatible sound card

Image Format: ISO 2 disc 