Armageddon Squadron is an arcade flight simulator which takes place in a fictional WWII scenario. The player controls five different famous airplanes from the era in short missions. There are three gameplay modes: 
Campaign
There are three campaigns comprised of 4 missions each. In each mission the player controls different airplanes, from fighters to bombers. Each mission has different goals, such as bombing enemy weapon factories, destroying dams, protecting ally troops, etc. Finishing one mission unlocks the next one, finishing a campaign unlocks the following.
Time Attack
In this mode the player has to fly through rings within a time limit. Flying successfully through a ring lightens up the next one and adds some seconds to the counter. There are four courses; finishing one unlocks the next.
Arcade
In this mode, the player selects the airplane, map, terrain, number of enemies, respawn rate and time limit. In this mode only four airplanes are available: the Supermarine Spitfire, F6F Hellcat, Messerschmitt Bf 109, or the Messerschmitt Me 262; the bomber isn't available. Missions are completed when the player takes down all enemies before the time runs out and before a new squadron arrives.
The airplanes are equipped with different weapons, being machine guns, rockets, torpedoes or bombs. When switching the main weapon to bombs, the camera goes from behind the airplane to above it, making it easier to aim ground targets, but harder to spot aerial enemies. The screen displays a radar with info on enemies' position and two half-circle meters: a red one which measures the plane's health and a yellow one which measures the plane's speed. Onscreen red arrows will point where the objectives in a given mission are.

The main controls consist in steering the airplane (with the accelerometer where available), selecting weapons, shooting, accelerating and slowing down. There's also a camera with a target view. Finishing each mode grants the player a different medal, as well as scoring points in some modes. By accumulating points the player is granted ranks. The game offers a steering sensibility setting and the option to invert the Y-axis.