Description
GraphicConverter is the universal tool for browsing, enhancing and converting images and for creating catalogs for the Web or for printing. Simply drag a folder onto GraphicConverter to view your pictures.

The slide show for viewing and sorting images is a big hit among users. Use standard tools to edit images or click the oval button on an image window to display the most important controls in the window.

Professional users love GraphicConverter because of its wide range of functions for handling meta data like EXIF, IPTC, XMP and GPS. Want to copy the filename into the IPTC description? GraphicConverter will take care of this for you.

You can open over 200 graphic file types and save images in over 80 formats. A simple multiple conversion mode takes care of batch runs. Want to use a batch function to alter the image size or change the color mode to CMYK? Dozens of batch functions are available.

GraphicConverter has everything you would expect from a versatile image processing application for your Mac. Simple usage and far-reaching options await you along with stability and reliability.

In the press, GraphicConverter has been described as a “Swiss Army knife” and as an “all-round wizard for image editing on Macs”.

•Image browser
•Slide show
•Image editing and enhancement
•File format conversion with batches
•Professional options for meta data and filters
•and much more ...

Instructions.

1. Copy .app to the Applications Folder
2. Generate a Serial using the Keygen
3. Register the App
4. Enjoy!!!   

By AJhacks aka darealthing
(M removing the darealthing outta my name, you can call me AJhacks)

An important Notice to our Fans and downloaders

We AJhacks aka darealthing & Reagan07 are planning on teaming up only for you guys so that we could provide as many Apps as possible


Is this a good idea???

WE DON'T HAVE A NAME FOR THIS TEAM, WE WANT YOU GUYS TO DECIDE THE NAME FOR OUR TEAM

We are organizing a $20/- App giveaway

All you have to do is give a NAME for our team
The chosen Winner will get a $20/- App on his request …

The entries ends on 12th of FEBRUARY 2011.


Please provide the names in any of our torrent comments

Example: 
"Name of the team - and your desired name"

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Do not PM (Private Message) us.

Note: 'AJhacks' and 'darealthing' is the same person………….

Greetings,
- AJhacks aka darealthing
- Reagan07