Great RPG Darklands
Produced in 1992 by MicroProse. Darklands is set in the Holy Roman Empire (roughly medieval Germany) during the 15th century. While the geographic setting of the game is historically accurate, the game also includes many supernatural elements. This release is the CD version, which re-released in 1995. Game doesn't need any patches - CD version is already patched.  Still save frequently, especially before going in caves.

This is a DOS game and you will need to figure out how to get it to run on 
whatever OS you're using.  Last time I played this I wasn't able to get the sound to work which I missed but still the game played fine.  Please don't ask me for help I just Google things to get em to work.  Hopefully Imade this torrent correctly.  Please comment if you have success.  

I just copied the cd to a folder called DARKLANDS which is in a folder called DARKLANDSmaterial.  Also scanned the front/back/inlay for you at 300 dpi.  Also included a large map which was with the original floppy disk release back in the early 90's.  What I loved was the accuracy and details of the game.  Cities actually included monasteries and university and fortresses that existed and many still do.  It is a choose our own adventure with limitless possibilities but be careful.  You have to build up your characters and venture out with caution.  To fully appreciate this game you will have to study as well.  Languages and religion and alchemy and saints and the Latin hours of the day and currency and historical elements like the banking system of the time.  You will need to spend time in churches finding a higher power and out in the fields and forests of Germany trying to avoid bandits, horrific creatures, bad weather, royals whose land you might be traveling on, Knightrobbers, Knights, Pirates, Witches and werewolves, dragons and villages of satanists.  Oh the list goes on and on and on.  You can develope a reputation in each city and there are lots, over 70 I believe.  then there are villages and hamlets.  The better your local rep the better you'll be treated.  On the other hand if you become notorious in an area you'll find yourself being arrested or worse.  You will travel by foot and horse and boat.  A history lesson as much as a game.  Character stat customization which is insane.    Endless authentic hisorical weapons and armour of all sorts.  A very complicated alchemy system which will take hours and hours to begin to grasp.  Also a Saint and Divinity element which will take even longer to grasp and comprehend.  After maybe 40 - 80 hours I would say you'd be ready to begin a serious game and play forever.  Well you see the characters actually age and lose abilities over time so even if you can keep them alive from the millions of dangers 15th century Germany has to offer... They'll die anyway. I can't say this for sure as I never played a game so long as to have a character die of natural causes but they aged pretty good after many, many months.  You can recruit new members though and the party wil survive.  

The Best game I've ever played.  To let you know my tastes here is the list of my favourites that come to mind.  * Darklands (1992) * Everthing Dragon Warrior/Quest main series * Master of Orion 2(1996) *Everything Zelda main series * Silent Service (1985) * Adventure (1979) * Archon - the Light and the Dark (1983) * E.T. (1982) * Legend of Dragoon (2000) * Mouse Trap (1981) * Defender (1980) *  that's enough :P  

Darklands on Wiki http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darklands_(computer_game) Darklands ultimate fansite http://www.darklands.net/ 
Hope it works.  Enjoy! 