ubuntu 11.4 alpha 3 desktop edition  x32 bit !


Ubuntu 11.4 alpha 3 is Set to be released today and many of You Have Been wondering what’s Canonical Unity desktop will look like in this forthcoming release codenamed Natty Narwhal.

1 for one, Have Been quite interested based upon the terrible experience Unity in Ubuntu Netbook 10.10 , so I fired up the latest Ubuntu LiveCD daily Natty released this morning. 

Unity is the default shell in Ubuntu 4.11 desktop on supported systems, Which Basically comes down to right now That systems are backed by open-source drivers with 3D acceleration support for the default Compiz compositing window manager. Basically this means-11.04 Ubuntu for Those IGPs with Intel i915 or newer, most all ATI Radeon graphics processors except for the newest Radeon HD 6000 series, and Potentially Most NVIDIA graphics cards. Right now Ubuntu does not enable the Gallium3D Nouveau driver by default, But They May enable it to bring the experience to Unity NVIDIA users . Once Ubuntu is installed off the LiveCD and Any proprietary graphics drivers are installed, the Unity can run in other desktop configurations. For Those with 3D drivers by default in Ubuntu, the first six screenshots show what looks like the desktop in Ubuntu 11.4 Alpha 3.

It does not look too different from the Ubuntu Netbook 10.10 Edition interface and it is Still Far From Being Finished. Also there are comments from Canonical’s Rick Spencer about the state of Unity in Ubuntu 11.4 Alpha 3 . The big improvement in Ubuntu 11.4 Alpha 3 Compared to Unity at 10:10 Is that the Ubuntu desktop is not as sluggish, But there is still plenty of room for improvement. Overall, though, Canonical still has lots of work ahead to get ready for Unity Ubuntu 11.04. Unity in Ubuntu 4.11 will not use Also Wayland display by default as the ITS server, But That Will Come later .

For Those Lacking 3D acceleration support When running Ubuntu 11.04, you will fall back to the “classic” GNOME desktop (shown above) that really is not different from previous Ubuntu Linux releases. The GNOME 3.0 Shell Also Requires OpenGL support with ITS Mutter window manager, I know That is not used either. A message box primitive Appears When this happens Informing You That You Lack the Necessary support 3D acceleration to run Ubuntu Unity. To Those Without Any 3D acceleration hardware or drivers, the driver Gallium3D-based LLVMpipe That Is Able to accelerated OpenGL on the CPU (and other trackers Gallium3D been) better as a software renderer, still does not yet support the Necessary requirements to run Compiz, KWin, now Mutter.

The experience with compositing window manager LLVMpipe though Would be quite slow with all But The Most recent CPUs. Ideally though NVIDIA users will get support Nouveau Gallium3D Natty by default, since the Gallium3D Nouveau-less experience in Ubuntu 4.11 Alpha 3 right now is quite poor and with the Gallium3D Actually Worse Than component enabled. Moving around in the classic Windows desktop is GNOME and Takes a noticeable slow time for the regions behind the move window to be repainted, etc.. Gallium3D Nouveau is slow at gaming , But Our tests show it working out just fine for the desktop with Most generations of NVIDIA GPUs.




uploaded by g0d on -> king-torrent


::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
All packs are CLEAN 100%
Scanned  with Avast Antivirus Internet Security (2011).
If you find something with other AV prog
I DONT ANSWER in any comments.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::