another fresh new build of vlc 1.2.0-git from today : April 29th
still to beta stage but stable enough
however might be a bit buggy or more so.
use only at your own risk
45 ko/s up speed is needed for download this torrent
if you cannot download it,please,don't insist anymore and check instead what's wrong with you.Try to give more up speed or try to switch for another torrent client so.Review your personal internet connection settings and be sure you have righly set your torrent client by far as well...
No upload of your part will result to a probable impossible download as well.
And please,stop freezing my up and seed so.
Think to the other peers also,you are not alone...
best is utorrent for non advanced users because it is easier to set.
purge your connection if needed : reset ban = unbanned
directly click with mouse right on a peer's blocking or directly on the torrent you are can help a bit sometimes also.called : purging connection.
Otherwise,you can also try to download in forced start mode.
This is what i try to do to help few peers in difficulty who don't give real up enough
check your antivirus and or anti-spyware also,it can seriously interferating on
your personal connection. peer's blocking...
VPN users,please,take care and beware since vpn connection are slower despite more secured as well.
Foreign users like Thai,Chinese,Hungary,African,Indian,and such more,please,give more up speed
or try to give your max possible up speed so.
Slow upload may get slow download or no download at all.
See,check and review all of that so. 
The goal consisting to down and up at the same time thus be absolutely sure that your both connection are working right and fine.up down,up down,up down so.
Ty !
Hope it will help few of you so.
as usual untouched version as 100% trust and clean
if you like this torrent,please,seed with me asap as long as you can.
ty for understanding as well as for your personal interest
enjoy
a nice day to all
regards			