Here it is!  All 3 seasons and 2 OVAs of School Rumble, fansub versions.  I'm amazed this hasn't been put together into a torrent until now.

The 1st season is subbed by Wannabe Fansubs, with KickAssAnime helping out with encoding the first 4 episodes in DVD quality, the rest being (high quality) TV Rips.

The 2nd season is subbed by Wannabe Fansubs for the first 12 episodes, and finished off by Nuke Fansubs for episodes 13 – 26.  Nuke Fansubs's translation is of similar quality to the exceptional Wannabe Fansubs, and have replaced what used to be the horrible Your-Mom fansubs, who originally finished subbing the 2nd season.  That is, if you consider the complete dreck they released as a fansub and not a hatesub, or a No-One-Here-Speaks-Japanese-sub.

The 3rd season, consisting of only 2 episodes, is subbed by Nuke Fansubs.

The 2 OVAs are subbed by Wannabe Fansubs.

As with nearly all fansubs, all episodes have Japanese audio, with English subtitles.

Normally I would rename the files to include the episode titles, but in the case of School Rumble, they're incredibly long.  I did however streamline the filenames to my own preferences (“[Fansub Group] Anime Title – Episode Number Episode Title.File Extension”).

Some have asked, “Why bother with fansubs when there are DVD rips so readily available?”  The answer is simple:  Subtitle quality.  American distributors have a nasty habit of dumbing down dialogue, both in dubbing and in subbing, to cater to what they consider to be a mentally disabled audience.  This habit is particularly noticeable with comedies containing Japanese centric jokes, such as Azumanga Daioh or Ouran High School Host Club.  While fansub groups tend to add notes explaining the jokes, major distributors will often pretend they said a different, more western joke that may or may not fit with the scene, and in either case is not a real translation.  Fansub groups also excel at using karaoke during the Opening and Ending themes.

Enjoy the torrent, and seed thoroughly once you've finished downloading!  I'd like to not have to upload 37 petabytes before I see fellow seeds joining me in the sharing pool :)