Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:           
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:           
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:           
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gkl8s037sa0ov85fhrnjh1ys3265 cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?43rpv6xqjbjcle0rxs7yqt28h6   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?96c9wof1qudht2xdael155n2tpg  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5ew00kdi43uy1gm0rn0kb0ezegr7 vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?lsv7mauair4e62i0hcrfywa9320r ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gkshhz0n1s6guqiaixe5novqs    insertion 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vzpuehyycopm33fs7u87jchhbcy0 vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bmj6tz18aizvfezsezqewki10xj  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?89ki2zecw7od8gxz4obed9qwvj54 vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qbcpgyhld2huh1n83p93up2t622  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: So, where do I start? I moved from Brasil when I was 6, to San Diego. My parents are both Brasilian and I can speak Portuguese. I moved out when I was 16 and stayed at my sister's place who was older than me. She got married, and two years later she didn't want me at the house anymore. So I'm living in an apartment for the first time and I'm recently turned 18. I was working at Abercrombie for a while, then I did Hooters. But I didn't like the money I was making so here I am doing adult modeling now. When the photographer tells me that girls who look like me usually don't do adult modeling I don't see why not. I would've been doing it when I was 16 if it was legal. By the way my parents found out in the unluckiest way. One of my guy friends took me to the airport to phoenix to do this photoshoot and then when he went back home, his mom interrogated him and he told her what I was going to do. Then she tells my parents! So I'm not talking to them right now. Too bad because they were going to pay for my college now they're not. Oh, I don't know but they didn't need to make me leave home at 16. I've very sexual and maybe they don't like it because they are catholic and very religious. I love having sex and masturbating too. It seems to get better and better as I get older.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  This girl is supercute in person, and she has such an innocent look. She had turned 18 about a week before this shoot, and she was having her first time experience. Not shy about getting naked in front of a stranger, but a little shy about talking on camera. So she was pretty quiet at the beginning. What you see her wearing in the beginning is how she arrived at the airport, so yes, she was looking really sexy in those jean shorts, and everyone was staring at her butt. Small breasts but cute nipples, only her acne problem (which she tried to cover with makeup) seemed to keep her timid on her looks. Our shoot started at a resort, and she strips down to play in the water fountain (another hot, 108 degree day). Agreed, she's got a great butt, sexy thighs, and very well toned & muscular legs. She tries some anal fingering at the water fountain... Then she masturbates with a vibrator at home, and I didn't expect what would happen! She squirts, and quite a bit as well, landing on my hand and lens. She was surprised by it as well. Since she fingers herself while masturbating, I asked her to do it a second time without fingering. This way her second orgasm was clearer with the vaginal contractions more visible. Back out we go, in her classiest dress & heels, hair up, and boy did she look sexy. A gorgeous location for this gorgeous girl, and I got a lot of classy photos. She teases us upskirt, and plays on the steps. Notice in photo 228 that there were quite a few people going up and down the steps, so we had to be careful when she was masturbating. I eventually got her completely naked out in the open, and to watch that sexy girl walk naked in heels (which she had bought the day before). I knew she would be a vibraking girl, so I let her use it, and she squirted everywhere! Rather quickly too. I had a second video camera ready this time for an alternate angle.


Model Comments: I work out almost every day, and I like to run. When I was younger I did a lot of ballet and soccer so the photographer wanted me to shoot some ballet in stockings today. Its been very long since I've done it so I was rusty but I hope you like it. I was a bit nervous that in the pictures there would be no photoshop because I'm starting to get some bad acne and I don't want it to really show up on photos. I hope they turn out ok because I haven't seen them yet. What can I say about the shoot? I liked it just maybe not the heat. I was getting very sweaty outside even though I was naked most of the time. I think I've squirted once or twice before when I masturbated but it was strange how it happened many times today. I think it was those kinds of toys that did it. Usually at home I have a small pocket rocket but I've lost it and need a new one. If I masturbate with my hands it takes a lot longer so I wanted to use toys. I really liked the one you plug in on the wall, the one on the steps. I have small breasts but I don't want to get implants even though many guys have told me so and I like by bum anyway. I'd say the only uncomfortable part was the anal toys because I don't really enjoy anal sex. I hope the effort of my shooting including the anal parts you enjoy very much.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She had mentioned her ballet when she was much younger, so with some stockings she had brought with her, I had her do a 'striptease' ballet. Her movements are slow, but graceful and beautiful. Those of you who want a little stocking fetish, here you go. Then we see that sexy butt again, and we go kinky -- those other heels she bought, the sexy red ones we never ended up using in a shoot, so why not use them for something else :) She does a sexy blowjob, then penetrates herself with the shoeheel, and we get closeup angles of the whole thing. Juicy sounds inside as she moves her heel around inside her. Originally we were planning to do a hairbrush handle shoot, but she didn't have a hairbrush with her. Then she does her most extreme, with three toys at work. First she penetrates herself anally, as deep as it can go, then vaginally with another long toy. Eventually double-penetrating herself... Finally riding down on a larger toy pushing it deeper into her butt. We do one last masturbation, as she uses the Eroscillator toy, having another orgasm, but run out of 'squirts'. Natural, beautiful, and with an aura of innocence, I hope as she moves on in the adult industry, she doesn't lose that... 