PAL DVD: Richard Williams Studio Animated Commercials (1 hour 20 min+)

with Every Home Should Have One Animated Segments, The Liquidator Titles German/English, Animation Nation "Light Brigade" Clip .... Plus extra DVD-ROM files on the disc containing many additional ads and rarities, some in full NTSC DVD quality.

Richard Williams is the three-time Academy Award winning animation director of Who Framed Roger Rabbit, A Christmas Carol, and the unfinished cult classic The Thief and the Cobbler [available in its Recobbled Cut at Youtube]. He is the author of The Animator's Survival Kit [and the 16-DVD instruction course of the same title],  which has won acclaim as possibly the best available resource for aspiring animators. Richard Williams is considered one of the great animators and animation teachers of all time.

During the 70s and 80s in particular, Williams' animation studio was known for its incredible animated advertisements, which pushed the boundaries of what animation could do by adopting a huge variety of styles including realistic fine art. It was a golden time for commercial animation in London and Williams' studio was just one of many producing incredible work ... but Richard Williams Animation Studio was always at the forefront.

Compiled by Thief and the Cobbler Recobbled Cut editor Garrett Gilchrist, who runs the Richard Williams archive on [You]tube at thethiefarchive.

This is the ultimate collection to date of animated adverts by Richard Williams Animation Studio, with animators including Russell Hall, Eric Goldberg, Tony White, and many more. The animation is simply top-notch .... and rarely seen in this kind of quality.

Here's just a partial list:

Samson Shag [Lion], Shell, Limara, Johnson's, Rolo, Corona Fizzical, Superman Anti-smoking, St. Ivel Gold, Ben Truman, Levi's, Nairn [Tom and Jerry inspired], Cadbury's Star Bar, Vladivar Vodka, Uniroyal Panther, Schwaebeitsch-Hall, Godewind Cigarettes, Discovery Train Canada, Washington Post, Heinz Ploughman's Pickle, Moody Blues, Jovan, Dulux Paint, Golden Shred Marmalade, Terry's Harlequin, Pink Panther [TDK, Owens-Corning], WGN Radio Chicago, Frosties [Tony the Tiger vs. Tigerman], Thomson local, The Harlem Globetrotters, Soloflex, Pere Dodu, Communists vs. Santa News Ad, One Cal, Super Softies, Kleenex, Knickerbocker [Raggedy Ann], Prime Computers, American Express on Sesame Street with Joan Ganz Cooney, Care Bears Books, Insurance Tree, Cresta Bear, Eye Dew, Tic Tac [Noir], Brobat Bloo, Pushkin Vodka, Listerine [Clifford the Dragon], Nissin Cup Noodle, Mini Cheddars, Fanta [Disney Characters], Long Life [Cat], Kleenex Boutique, Midland Bank
