                P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! !


                           Worms Ultimate Mayhem RIP

   Release Date  :  29/09/2011                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 42x5.00MB             Company     :  Team17

   Release Notes:

   Worms : Ultimate Mayhem is the definitive 3D "Worms " game! Load your
   weapons and experience a whole new dimension in destructive turn-based
   cartoon action! Taking the game into 3D creates all-new strategic and
   gameplay possibilities. With over 70 single-player missions and
   challenges, online and local multi-player for up to 4 players, 5
   multi-player modes, Steam Achievements, unprecedented customization of
   both worms and weapons, and fully destructible environments, it’s
   bursting with anarchic mayhem. Battle and puzzle your way through all
   of the missions from both "Worms  3D" and "Worms  4: Mayhem" - it’s
   essentially two games in one. With the addition of HD visuals,
   gameplay enhancements and new extra content, it is the ultimate 3D
   "Worms " collection!

   Features

   EXTENSIVE SINGLE-PLAYER CONTENT:
   A vast array of single-player content spanning the very best of the 3D
   "Worms " games, ranging from shooting challenges to speed runs, whilst
   a collection of crazy missions, interspersed with newly fully voiced
   narrative FMV sequences, make up the single-player campaign.
   Additionally, a huge number of challenges ask the player to master the
   individual skills of the game (such as piloting a Jetpack or steering
   a Parachute) in order to complete tasks such as target shooting or
   collecting targets, all against the clock.

   ONLINE AND LOCAL MULTI-PLAYER:
   Full online play for up to 4 players over a wealth of game modes such
   as "Statue Defend", "Homelands" or just plain "Deathmatch", plus the
   ability to create your own custom game settings to play against your
   friends! Because of the turn-based nature of the game, it can be
   played multi-player offline on one screen.
   Fight on the randomly generated landscapes, even save and share them,
   which allows for a huge amount of multi-player map options!

   GET COMPETITIVE:
   Play standard or ranked games in a bid to scale the Steam Leaderboards!

   MASSIVE CUSTOMIZATION OPTIONS:
   Players are able to name their teams, choose which hats they want
   their worms to wear, whether they wear glasses, have moustaches, what
   they say, which flag represents them, and even what gravestone they
   leave behind when they die.

   WORMS WEAPONS AND UTILITIES:
   Many of the classic Worms  weapons are present and correct, with the
   Holy Hand Grenade, Bazooka, Dynamite, Banana Bomb, Baseball Bat, Super
   Sheep and many more in your arsenal of destruction.
   There is also a sprinkling of even more crazy and surreal weapons too,
   such as Alien Abduction, Fatkins Strike, Flood, Inflatable Scouser,
   Old Woman, Starburst and Bovine Blitz with which to wage war on your
   enemies.

   CUSTOM BUILT WEAPONRY:
   Players are also able to construct their own weapons from a wide
   selection of components. These weapons are added to the players’
   arsenals and remain secret until deployed, giving opponents a nasty
   shock.

   TALK TRASH:
   In-game voice-chat so you can cheer on team mates or indeed win the
   battle against opponents verbally!

   FULLY DESTRUCTIBLE ENVIRONMENTS:
   Deform everything in real-time.

   NEW PICTURE-IN-PICTURE DISPLAY:
   This tracks every action a player makes when attacking, whilst at the
   same time allowing the player to retreat and not miss a single moment
   of the glorious action.

   NUMEROUS GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS & ENHANCEMENTS
   New camera enhancements make it easier to follow the action; optimized
   AI means more intelligent enemies, and the addition of speech and
   lip-synching to the single-player missions makes for even more
   cinematic fun!

   New visual improvements, with dynamic real time lighting and post
   process effects and shaders, make the mayhem look even more impressive.


   RIPPED: Movies (remember to make sure No Movies is set in the Launcher)

   Install Notes:

   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
   2. Install by running Setup.bat
   3. Start game with Launcher.exe (remember to make sure there is a
      check at No Movies)
   4. Enjoy!

   Additional Notes:

   Game needs!

   RegVideoDLL.exe (included)

   &

   Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x86)

   http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=9b2da534-3e03-4391-8a4d-074b9f2bc1bf&displaylang;=en

   Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x64)

   http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=bd2a6171-e2d6-4230-b809-9a8d7548c1b6&displaylang;=en


   Remember to support quality games!



     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!

                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "