This week is the premiere of Pensado’s Place with mixing engineer Dave Pensado, his manager Herb Trawick, and engineer Zan Nakari. They are joined in studio by mixing engineer Ariel Chobaz who recently worked with Nicki Minaj on her album. In this week’s Into The Lair, Dave Pensado goes over some of his favorite new compressor and eq plug-ins that he uses on his mixes. They also break down the tracks for Linkin Park’s ‘Waiting for the End’ in this week’s Playback, and the group takes questions from viewers during Corner Office.

In 2nd episode of Pensado’s Place with mixing engineer Dave Pensado, Herb Trawick, and Zan Nakari are joined by world renowned mixing engineer Jean-Marie Horvat (Michael Jackson, Justin Timberlake, TI, Reba Mcentire, Beyonce, etc.). On this week’s Into The Lair, Dave goes over stereo buss compression and the difference between compressors and limiters. The gang also breaks down Whiz Kalifa’s Black and Yellow in this week’s Playback, and the group takes live chat room questions from viewers during Corner Office!

In the 3rd episode of Pensado’s Place, Dave Pensado is joined by GRAMMY award winning mixer Dylan “3D” Dresdow. (Michael Jackson, Black Eyed Peas, Mariah Carey, Rihanna, Usher, The Game, Nas, Ciara, Talib Kweli, Macy Gray, Bone Thugs & Harmony, Herbie Hancock, Chris Brown, Ricky Martin and many more). On this week’s Into The Lair, Dave goes talks about how he Busses tracks for mixing, and the various plug-ins he uses on those busses. The crew breaks down Pit Bull’s newest single featuring T-Pain, “Hey Baby (drop it to the floor)”. And finally, Dave and Dylan take viewers questions in this week’s “Corner Office”!

In the 4th episode of Pensado’s Place, Dave Pensado is joined by legendary engineer and mixer Tony Maserati (Marc Anthony, James Brown, Mariah Carey, Destiny’s Child, R. Kelly, Jennifer Lopez, Ricky Martin, Mya, Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy, Jessica Simpson, Tupac, Jason Mraz etc.). This week’s episode was devoted entirely to the passionate discussion between Dave and Tony regarding all things mixing and engineering. New plug-ins such as the Slate Digital FG-X and the Waves C6 were covered, as well as various mixing concepts, how Will.i.am is the poster child for the new breed of producer, and much more!. And as always, your questions from the chat room were taken in the “Corner Office” segment.

In the 5th episode of Pensado’s Place, Dave hosts an all Q&A episode with tons of great viewer questions! With Part 2/2 of the latest “Into The Lair”, Dave takes you through some tools he used on the mix for “Shorty is a Weirdo” by Mr. Midwest and Ray J. Get a behind the scene look at how your favorite songs were mixed and the tools that were used by Dave!