ExploitedCollegeGirls - Mary Jane Johnson & Maggie (Sophomore Threeway)

 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=45963385866889774324.jpg

 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=27169759685296216253.jpeg


Christmas arrived early this year. You'll remember Cassi, who was referred to me by her roommate - and popular ECG repeat whore - Maggie. You'll also recall how Cassi has a crush on Maggie but never had the courage to do anything about it, other than walk around naked in front of Maggie at home. Thanks to the magic of porn, this all changes today. Since Maggie's debut on Exploited College Girls almost a year ago two things happened: first, she started to attend Arizona State University, and because fucking on cam pays a lot better than waiting tables, Maggie's gone on to shoot for a couple different sites and has become a little pornstarlet in her own right. Second, she got herself a roommate - Cassi. Maggie is always up for some pussy eatin' (see her video with Ashton...) but never got the hint from Cassi. So after Cassi told me all about the situation I immediately invited Maggie to come back and let Cassi ravage her on camera. She was flattered and interested, but too busy with school and jobs - until now. She promised not to let Cassi know that I told her about her roommate's crush. Maggie kept her word and until the day of the shoot, all Cassi knew was that she's invited back to ECG for her first sex romp with a guy AND a girl at the same time. So here they are: Maggie, the now 19 year old semi-pro pussy-and-cock queen, her perpetually horny roommate Cassi, and our man Jay, probably the luckiest guy on earth right now. After the chit-chat and introductions are out of the way we try to ease them into this by letting them get off with the Sybian first. Cassi controls when Maggie is allowed to cum - and cum she does! - but by the time it's Cassi's turn to ride the orgasm machine, the room practically smells of pent-up sexual tension. Cassi wants Maggie to eat her out immediately, and so that's what happens. While Maggie works on making Cassi cum, Jay sneaks up, his cock already rock hard and ready to get sucked. Cassi eagerly swallows him up, with Maggie still in between her legs. And then the fun REALLY begins... PS: Lots and lots of hot action between the girls and Jay - the whole thing is SUPER fucking hot. But whatever you do, do not miss the cumshot: Jay shoots his huge cum load over Maggie, and it covers her from her belly button area all the way up to her neck. Cassi gets in between Maggie's legs, sticks her tongue out... and Maggie pulls Cassi's head toward her, all the way from her pussy to her neck to make sure Cassi licks off all the cum. When Cassi's cum-filled mouth reaches Maggie's, the girls kiss passionately - then they do this again with the remaining jizz until Cassi has so much cum in her mouth that she leans over... and then slowly drips her last mouthful of sperm into Maggie's mouth. Unprompted. Not scripted. That's just how these girls roll. The video repeats the cum kisses and semen swapping from all angles - and then again in super slo-motion. Get your tissues ready... 