Hello Everybody!
Today, I uploaded this file for you to use to your computer or laptop.
It's a Windows 7 Professional Service Pack 1 32-BIT ISO file, which means that you can install this on your computer from a USB Drive or DVD-R or DVD-RW disc. 
Make sure to now burn this on a CD disc because it won't fit. This is a Retail Windows 7 Professional SP1 ISO, which means that there are no cracks, key generator, activator, or hacks. This is included with Service Pack 1, which is the latest for Windows 7. Also, this is a bootable image, so you won't face any problems during the setup. Also again, make sure you read the system requirements for Windows 7 x86. (Note: Don't Install This on a x64 Computer! Something Bad Can Happen.) So, go to the "Windows Family" website: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/products/system-requirements

So enjoy and please seed. Also, comment me if anything is wrong with this ISO file during the setup like any errors. 

Windows 7 System Requirements:

If you want to run Windows 7 on your PC, here's what it takes:

1 gigahertz (GHz) or faster 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor

1 gigabyte (GB) RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB RAM (64-bit)

16 GB available hard disk space (32-bit) or 20 GB (64-bit)

Direct X 9 graphics device with WDDM 1.0 or higher driver

Additional requirements to use certain features:

Internet access (fees may apply)

Depending on resolution, video playback may require additional memory and advanced graphics hardware

Some games and programs might require a graphics card compatible with DirectX 10 or higher for optimal performance

For some Windows Media Center functionality a TV tuner and additional hardware may be required

Windows Touch and Tablet PCs require specific hardware

HomeGroup requires a network and PCs running Windows 7

DVD/CD authoring requires a compatible optical drive

BitLocker requires Trusted Platform Module (TPM) 1.2

BitLocker To Go requires a USB flash drive

Windows XP Mode requires an additional 1 GB of RAM and an additional 15 GB of available hard disk space.

Music and sound require audio output

Product functionality and graphics may vary based on your system configuration. Some features may require advanced or additional hardware.

PCs with multi-core processors:
Windows 7 was designed to work with today's multi-core processors. All 32-bit versions of Windows 7 can support up to 32 processor cores, while 64‑bit versions can support up to 256 processor cores.

PCs with multiple processors (CPUs):
Commercial servers, workstations, and other high-end PCs may have more than one physical processor. Windows 7 Professional, Enterprise, and Ultimate allow for two physical processors, providing the best performance on these computers. Windows 7 Starter, Home Basic, and Home Premium will recognize only one physical processor.

Windows 7 Professional:

Work anywhere more easily and securely

If you use your PC for work, you'll want Windows 7 Professional. It can help you be more productive and protect the critical information you need to work with. Many routine tasks just take a couple of clicks, so you can spend less time setting up projectors, printers, and networks. Enhanced backup options can help you protect your hard work with automatic backups to your home or business network. And with Windows XP Mode, you can use most of your Windows XP programs in Windows 7. 
