          Dungeon Defenders: First Wave v1.0 <c> Trendy Entertainment 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                        
        Language....: English             Date.....: 15/12/2010
                          
        Protection..: FairPlay            OS.......: Apple iOS (iOS 4.2 or later)
    
 
        More Infos..: http://itunes.apple.com/nz/app/dungeon-defenders-first-wave/id404296113?mt=8


Description

'Dungeon Defenders: First Wave' is a groundbreaking genre hybrid: Epic Online cooperative Action-RPG meets Strategic Defense!

Take on the role of one of four distinctive Hero classes, tasked with fending off hordes of invading creatures by strategically summoning a variety of Towers & Traps throughout your Castle. After laying out your fortifications, directly participate in the action-packed combat with your hero, while leveling up, gathering tons of loot, customizing & upgrading equipment, and developing your unique class abilities.

All of this can be played in seamless online multiplayer using GameCenter, as you cooperate and compete throughout the story Campaign & Challenge Missions to build the strongest heroes and achieve the highest scores in the kingdom.

Combining the depth of strategic gaming with the satisfying action of RPG character building, in a beautifully stylized 'toon fantasy setting built with Epic Games'(tm) Unreal  Engine 3, Dungeon Defenders is designed to be an addictive experience for casual and veteran gamers alike!

DunDef is currently localized in: English, Français, Deutsch, Italiano, Español

ESRB Rating (Mobile): Everyone 10+
PEGI Rating: 12+

--Unique Features--

* Strategic Defense Meets Online Action-RPG
Choose your class, customize your hero & equipment, assemble your defenses, and participate in action-packed battle to preserve your castle against the invading horde!

* Drop-In/Drop-Out Multiplayer
Team-up with 3 friends to defend cooperatively, with hero classes that support each other's strengths and weaknesses. Dynamically join or leave at any time, so that the game's always full.

* Loot & Level-Up
Grab the mounds of money and items that your defeated foes drop, sell them or store them for later use in your Item Box! Getting Kills and Completing Waves earns you XP, which can be used to upgrade your character, your skills, your equipment, and your Towers on a per-statistic basis. The choices are yours to make. Store your massive overflow of money in the "Mana Bank", and then spend it to improve your equipment or trade with other players. Proudly show off your best equipment in your own "Adventurer’s Tavern", without fear of item theft!

* Distinct Character-Classes
Each Hero class has a unique balance and set of weapons, towers, and special abilities, for a different style of gameplay.

*Hordes of monsters and massive Bosses
Armies of enemies will attempt to tear through your defenses. Only by employing the most effective defensive strategies, teamwork, and strong heroes will you defeat such devilish foes! Many creature types, running the gamut from big Orcs swinging huge axes, to sly Dark Elf Archers striking from the shadows, to crazy Kobolds armed with explosive packs. Unique boss monsters provide set-piece battles and take relentless teamwork to defeat!

*Fight your way up through the castle!
Each level has a different setting, layout, enemy types, traps, and distinct scripted surprises. Four difficulty settings from novice to master, which also adjust the rate of experience and types of loot earned. Storybook cinematics tell the tale throughout the Campaign Mode. Survival Mode pits increasing waves of enemies against the players until they fall, with the goal being to defend long enough to achieve the highest Leaderboard score. Challenge Mode allows players to tackle any mission with uniquely altered rule sets and goals!

*A Mountain of Stats
Pore over the voluminous report of each session to analyze your team’s performance, review your best stats for each level, and compare your data online with other players to see who is the greatest hero of all. Your Achievements are visible for all to admire within your very own Adventurer’s Tavern, and your scores in each mode are ranked on the Leaderboards!


        How to install:
  
        1: JB Your device,install app sync patch                    
        2: Unzip and unrar
        3: Add the .ipa file to iTunes
        4: Synchronize your device
        5: Fuck the crap site op and the crap grp!


        We Are Looking For:

        *100mbit private affil sites
        *NFO Designer
        *supplier

        How to contact us:

        appl3i0s@gmail.com


Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/jabpeaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/jabphaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/jabpfaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/jabpgaadh.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/jabpiaadh.jpg