Mobile Master Corporate Edition 7.9.10

Mobile Master is a Cell phone and handset manager for Windows and synchronizes with a few mouse clicks your contacts and appointments between the handset and your computer. Edit and synchronize calendar entries (appointments and tasks). Send, read, archive SMS Note: the SMS Servant is included in the Mobile Master installation but requires an extra license. Logo-Editor, modify ring tone. Copy Station for transmitting your address book easily from one phone to the other. Mobile Master Agent: reach always the important functions easily and start e.g. Mobile Master automatically as soon as your mobile phone is connected to the PC.

- One click synchronization solution for your mobile phone, edit all you phones data with the computer. Synchronization of contacts and the calendar, Many filter possibilities, AddIns for Outlook, Lotus Notes, Palm Desktop and Thunderbird
- Mobile Master synchronizes or just copies all data with/to your mobile phone.
Synchronize with: Outlook, Lotus Notes, Novell Groupwise, Palm Desktop, Thunderbird, Tobit David, Eudora, The Bat, Outlook Express, Google calendar, Windows contacts and calendar, iTunes
- new cell phone: Mobile Master copies the phone/address book from your old to your new one regardless the manufacturer of the phones new phone number, appointment or note: type it in with your PC and send it easily to the cell phone.
- Many import and export filters, e.g. one click to export to excel or open office. Can import e.g. vcf file with more than one contact and that has unicode format
- Connection with the phone: serial or USB cable, infrared or Bluetooth, up to COM Port 300 supported.

Features:
- Mobile Master is a handset manager to edit manually or synchronize automatically or on demand
- Quick area for quick and easy access to the main functions
- Comfortable editing of the phone book, calendar and note items
- easy to use user interface
- Setup Wizard for easy configuring
- Copy files, &gt;music, photos
- SMS send, archive
- Copy the address book, calendar from one phone to another
- At least one update per month for the phones and devices
- Copy play lists from iTunes and WinAmp to the phone

Home Page - http://www.mobile-master.com/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1200+ torrents              
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
				