Muffin Men
MuffinZ




Label: Muffin Records
Released: 1998
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 364 MB
Format: FLAC




The Muffin Men are a British band, based in Liverpool, England, which primarily plays the music of Frank Zappa. The group formed in 1990 (with original members: Ian (Bammo) Bamford, Lead Guitar & Vocals - Paul (Rhino) Ryan, Drums & Vocals - Mike Kidson, Saxophones, Trousers and Vocals - Andy (Waco) Jacobson, Keyboards & vocals - Roddie Gilliard, Guitar & Vocals - Naraish Nathaniel, Bass & Vocals - Ian Jump, Lead Guitar & Vocals and Roy Stringer, Apple Macintosh, samples, vocals and noises) for a concert in honor of Zappa's fiftieth birthday. They went on to perform his music as a tribute band, along with some of their own compositions, worldwide. Until his death in 2008, the band often featured guest vocals and percussion by Jimmy Carl Black, former drummer and vocalist from Zappa's Mothers of Invention, with whom they also performed songs by Captain Beefheart.

In 18 years of operation, the Muffin Men have featured no less than six original Zappa band members, along with original Mothers Of Invention drummer/vocalist Jimmy Carl Black, as well as performing with Don Preston and Bunk Gardner in 1993. In 1994 they played a nine-week European tour with guest vocalist Ike Willis, and again teamed up with Willis in 2003 for a special Zappanale festival show, which also featured Napoleon Murphy Brock. Zappanale is a yearly tribute concert festival dedicated to Frank Zappa's compositions. Mike Keneally has also appeared with the band.

Rather than play pieces note-for-note, the band plays Zappa's material working to the strengths of the current line-up, often giving the music a different slant to the original versions.




Personnel

Ian Jump - Lead guitar, vocals;
Paul Ryan - Drums, vocals;
Andy Frizell - Saxes, trombone, flute, vocals;
Dave Dominey - Bass, vocals;
Roddie Gilliard - Guitar, vocals;
Jimmy Carl Black - Percussion, dialog, vocals;
Ian Bamford - Vocals;
Moni & Daggi - Dialog;
Jigsaw & Blossom - Bleats.




Track Listing

01 - Big Swifty
02 - Magic Fingers
03 - Mammy Theme
04 - Find Her Finer
05 - What's The Ugliest Part Of Your Body
06 - Clownz On Velvet
07 - What's The Ugliest Part Of Your Body (Reprise)
08 - Little Umbrellas
09 - Let's Make The Water Turn Black
10 - Come Up Here, It's Great
11 - Halfway Up The Stairs
12 - Packard Goose
13 - Pigs In Space
14 - Anyway The Wind Blows
15 - Plastic Factory
16 - The Air
17 - The Return Of The Son Of Mr. Green Genes
18 - Poofters Froth Wyoming Plans Ahead
19 - What's The Ugliest Part Of Your Body (Reprise 2)
20 - Big Leg Emma
21 - Duprees Paradise
22 - Big Swifty (Reprise)
