Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:    
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:     
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:    
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains three videos, (split into several files), and five photosets.  The first video is outtakes only and is not hi-definition.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bqllsxy7gjtazi8l0ml8wtjy5fqt  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2d9a9au2473ie7v9et3krd1llfcb  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?9w2kuuc1e95cv8zv6yahv9frqvq1  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bzts8kx4zn4myzgbyyywigzb7o8   standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?a2ccfkmnugpymsfy09c3bwtp      ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?w9jfsa8lhsvsnopk40aggmax7b    vid 1 screens  
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?91oov1vy451ubbewrjccr5iiivp   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?80k3jyjgnxptkoz86hc1fcjfhna   vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1wpvam646al5n296lqvvgcm939f   vid 2 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?us111l4kjn6jpy3cxahdmhd2uxh   vid 3 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?myp0xcy8s3z6ldz2si5s5nklpgpn  vid 3 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: N/A
Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  I never received Amie's writeup, so there isn't any comments by her for this shoot -- so I'll write more about her through the pages.  Amie is one of those rather innocent looking girls, who upon arrival from Florida was rather shy and nervous at the airport.  Considering she's traveling from the other side of the country to a strangers' place to do a porn shoot, 19 and rather 'innocent', its understandable.  After she got settled at the house, I did a little interview of her (wearing exactly what she arrived in) and did a little striptease video of photoshoot as a little warmup.  After taking her out for dinner, I wanted to see the vibrator she had brought with her.  According to her, she bought it about 6 months ago, and has been using it (3 times a week) ever since.  It really gets her off, and she's very loud about it -- I wondered if she would be doing that with parents around!  This portion of the update is somewhat of an 'outtake', though placed first for chronological reasons.  I didn't make higher resolutions for the two videos below because of the low light gain settings, which means in darker conditions, the video is grainier.  Her submission photos #1 #2 #3 #4 where some nudes her friend took at her apartment.

Model Comments: N/A
Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  The next morning (and that is really early in the morning) we headed over to breakfast, do a little interview and bring out some conversation in her (she's the rather quiet type) and tease off her breasts.  Flashing and teasing brings out smiles in her, which is a good thing.  She takes off her pajamas and casual wear, and does some risky nude stuff at an office building nearby.  Being rather early, people weren't at work yet, so we got away with that quick nude tease & cartwheels in the grass.  She has a really cute figure in the nude, so you'll be seeing a lot of that as much as possible.  She had a thing for the white/black dress you see, and she was very excited about wearing it for the shoot.  So we started with that, and a cute pair of black wedges to match.  Found the right place for it, a fancy open mall, where she could walk and give us some upskirt teases.  We got spotted several times, including a very angry female who saw her take off her panties at the park in the middle of the apartment complex.  So we moved around a lot, got a lot of pretty photos, and found a more remote spot for her to finger and play with herself.  Notice how shy she still is when I ask her about masturbation in the end.  Back home, she uses her magic wand again, to another strong orgasm -- though with all the movement and that big head on the toy those of you looking for vaginal contractions, I don't think I could see any clearly.  Its a toy that works best with her, so I wanted her to do it naturally, her way, and the movements are rather erotic I think.  A true talent in ballet, she does a really gorgeous dance (first with clothes, then in the nude).  The nude dance is particularly sexy, and she has a lot of grace still with what she remembered back from 10 years before.  Its another hot summer day however, and she isn't used to the heat in Arizona, so she lies on the cooler tiles to cool herself down.  Then its back out to a park that is very close to a busy street (and anyone heading eastward can see everything that is happening) while she does more acrobatics in the nude, and does her first kinky experience using a banana.  She tries pushing it real deep, and tries it doggy as well.  Then we get to see her walk in the nude again, right out in the open.

Model Comments: N/A
Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Of her own request, she wanted to do a cute schoolgirl look, with pigtails, and it really brings out the youthful innocent look of hers.  Right away she starts playing with herself, and I ask her to try doing some labia stretching (she has rather long ones) and then give herself a hard breast massage (and she does it really hard!).  Her pretty feet come into the picture, and we do a little foot fetish, then extreme closeups of her rather large clitoris.  She revealed to me that she started rather late when it came to sex & masturbation (age 16).  Adopted with her brother when she was younger, she came from Russia and was taken in by a family in the US.  There she was brought up rather conservatively, going to church etc...  Of course her step parents don't know about her doing adult.  She's obviously a sexual girl, and anyone lucky enough to bring out that sexuality will have a good time!  On the end of clip2, a lady who somehow found us out came up really upset and we had to remove ourselves from there... Perfect time to return to the 'pink room' and have her give us a nice butt massage.  The idea for fisting came up, and she tried it several different ways, while looking up at the mirror on the ceiling.  It was more of a five-finger half-fist, but still very hot to watch.  Some attempts at spreads/gaping afterwards.  Her last outfit for the shoot was another one of her favorite choices (notice how she likes white) with really cute matching strappy heels.  Watching her walk in the nude with heels only never gets old (at least in my opinion).  Lastly, she masturbates with the vibraking (I wanted something that didn't block her vagina like the magic wand) but I think it was just too strong for her.  Brought her close...  Notice how in the 3 video subsets (night before, morning after, afternoon) she progressively opens up, and her personality shines out more (to that strange monkey hop she does at the very end).