ROY ORBISON SINGS LONELY AND BLUE
Released: January 1 2001
Recorded September 1959 - September 1960 
Label Monument
Format: Mp3@320


Time and familiarity -- through multiple reissues -- may have muted the seeming significance of some of what's here, but in 1960 Sings Lonely and Blue was not only a breakthrough for Roy Orbison as his debut LP, but also for rock & roll. Up to that point, apart from Elvis Presley -- who was in a class by himself -- few white rock & rollers had even tried to make as bold a use of the LP as what we hear on this record. Orbison, his collaborator Joe Melson, and producer Fred Foster turned the singer's debut long-player into a huge canvas for a sound that combined rock & roll's beat, Nashville's countrypolitan sound, and the singer's unique multi-octave range and operatic intensity into something unique in music. The single "Only the Lonely" may have been the most accessible and commercial side of this new sound, but the whole album was packed with great moments and different permutations of that sound: the powerful lead vocal and the Boots Randolph sax break on "I'll Say It's My Fault"; the haunting Orbison-Melson "Come Back to Me (My Love)," which was like a mini-movie script, a vest-pocket romantic melodrama sung with operatic depth and played to a light rock & roll beat; Don Gibson's "I'd Be a Legend in My Time," and "I Can't Stop Loving You," both filled with larger-than-life musical attributes and emotions behind Orbison's extraordinary singing, Orbison treating the former almost like a Verdi aria while a sax solo, the Anita Kerr Singers, and a dense string section hold it in the realm of pop music; and "Bye Bye Love" given the new Orbison treatment and sounding like a country-pop symphony. ~ Bruce Eder


Tracklist:
01. Only The Lonlely
02. Bye Bye Love
03. Cry
04. Blue Avenue
05. I Can’t Stop Loving You
06. Come Back To Me (My Angel)
07. Blue Angel
08. Raindrops
09. (I’d Be) A Legend In My Time
10. I’m Hurtin’
11. Twenty-Two Days
12. I’ll Say It’s My Fault[/size]

Recording information: RCA Victor Studios, Nashville, TN (09/18/1959-09/17/1960)


Personnel:

Roy Orbison; Grady Martin, Hank Garland (guitar); Lillian Hunt, Wilda Tinsley, Jane K. Norris, Alline Fentress, Verna Richardson, Solie Fott, George Binkley III, Brenton Banks (violin); Howard Carpenter (viola); Marvin Hughes (piano); Joe Melson, The Anita Kerr Singers (background vocals); Boots Randolph (saxophone); Floyd Cramer (piano); Buddy Harman (drums); Harold Bradley, Jerry Byrd, Bob Moore .[/size]
