Year: 2009 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person 
Developer: Gearbox Software 
Publisher: 2K Games 
Platform: PC 
Size: 6.99 GB ISO when mounted 
Languages: English/Italian/Spanish/German/French 

Game Info 
Borderlands is a shooter in the spirit of the cult "Mad Max" - the world of the 
future, collected from improvised rubbish ... hmm ... vehicles, many groups and 
the only law - "every man for himself". The claimed kinship with Diablo will 
result in not manifest counting the number of weapons and the ability to obtain 
traditional role "Level-ups, improving and a number of abilities a character. 
Can be upgraded and personal coach. However, most importantly, to emphasize that 
the developers - the possibility of cooperative transmission. Three Comrades at 
any time be able to join your game if you are, of course, that you want. 
Conservatives no rebuke to pass campaign in splendid isolation. 

Game Features 
Hello, Wall-E! Most quests in single player Borderlands you will pass under the 
command of a small robot Claptrap, that looks desperately like Wall-E from the 
same cartoon, but the voice - droid C-3PO from "Star Wars". Do not think that 
under his tutelage, you will be boring - this is quite an amusing robot, which 
does not prevent the game, and does not seem obsessive guide. Besides, having 
reached a certain level in the game, you will begin to carry out assignments 
independently. 
Seamless regimes. All modes Borderlands - Single-player, co-op and Versus - 
concluded in the framework of a vast, populated by monsters of the world on the 
planet Pandora. This means that you can play well alone, and can always summon 
three more players to join with them. You are free to choose their own quests, 
as well as participate in PvP at several local venues. 
Unique characters. Four playable characters each represent a class: Brik (attack 
/ berserk), Lilith (assassin / siren), Mordechai (hunter / sniper) and Roland 
(soldier / engineer). Each character has three skill tree, and each assigned its 
own unique features. For example, if you play for the Brick, you can activate 
its ability to berserk, and then he put aside arms, roll up your sleeves and 
prepare to wash their fists in the blood. The picture at this time painted in 
red color, and Brik's almost impossible to kill. Lilith can quietly move among 
the enemy, removing the opponents one by one. Roland at any time can get a 
protective turret and honeycomb whatever he wants. Mordechai is not for nothing 
that the hunter - in its possession is always available bird of prey. Of course, 
all these qualities have their time to restart, but it happens fairly quickly, 
because applying them in the battles have often. 
an item around! Borderlands creates new types of weapons on the go, randomly 
glue the different parts, types of ammunition and a scheme in which we can get 
literally hundreds of thousands of weapons. Although, admittedly, in the midst 
of these hundreds of thousands of junk will abound. Fortunately in the 
Borderlands in finding the weapons will float window with detailed information 
so that you can decide in advance whether an item to select. In addition to the 
ammo, weapons, money and healing items, Heath Pandora are a variety of 
extraterrestrial artifacts, which can also be collected 

Minimum System Requirement 
OS: Windows XP / Vista 
Processor: 2.4 Ghz or equivalent processor 
Memory: 1GB System RAM (2GB recommended with Vista) 
Graphics: 256mb video ram or better (GeForce 8 series or higher / Radeon R8xx series) 
Hard Drive: 8 GB or more free space 
Sound: Windows compatible sound card 


How to install: 
1.Download  
2.Mount ISO image on virtual drive to install the game 
3.After install, copy/paste crack file to game directory.
 
note: the crack has 2 files you need to move to game install 
4.Launch the game after you apply the crack 
