CyberLink MediaEspresso 6.5.2031.40777 + Rus

CyberLink MediaEspresso is a program that converts your media files into other popular formats, quickly and easily. CyberLink MediaEspresso lets you import video files (in the 3G2, 3GP, 3GPP, ASF, AVI, DAT, DivX, DVR-MS, FLV (H.264), M2T, M2TS, MKV, MOD, MOV (H.264), MP4, MPEG, MPG, MTS, RM*, RMVB*, Tivo, TS, VOB, VRO, WMV, WTV formats), audio files (AAC, MP3, WAV, WMA), and image files (BMP, JPG, PNG), and then convert them into popular formats you can use on your favorite mobile phones and portable devices, such as an Apple iPad, Apple iPod, Sony PSP, and more.

Here are some key features of "MediaShow Espresso":

Convert Hundreds of Videos at Once:
· Batch convert with panache. MediaShow Espresso lets you save valuable time by converting multiple videos at once. Simply select your video files or even multiple folders, and then click to start your processing engines.

It's All Simultaneous - Multi-Thread Video Conversion:
· Video conversion software MediaShow Espresso leverages all your CPU's processing muscle to transcode videos simultaneously, instead of by piecemeal. Support for multi-threading allows MediaShow Espresso to utilize up to 4 processing cores at once.

Up to 10x Faster Performance:
· Shift your video conversion projects into overdrive with support for CPU and GPU technologies from Intel Core i7, NVIDIA CUDA, and ATI Stream. MediaShow Espresso leverages the power of your CPU and graphics card to handle video conversion up to 10x faster and more efficiently than ever.

Browse at Light Speed:
· The sleek design of MediaShow Espresso's interface lets you quickly browse selected files before you start your video conversion projects. It's like liquid in motion.

Save Power and Resources:
· MediaShow Espresso lets you conserve power after video projects are completed with the auto-shutdown feature. This radically frees up your time, eliminating the need to wait by your computer to see the end of every task.
· MediaShow Espresso's convenient auto shutdown feature lets you save power by turning your PC off after video conversion is complete.

Faster Performance, Super Efficient:
· Optimized for accelerated converting speeds with NVIDIA CUDA, ATI Stream and Intel Core i7, MediaShow Espresso achieves up to 10x faster performance for converting video files. Designed to make the most of your CPU and graphics card performance, and being able to handle up to 4 CPU cores simultaneously, MediaShow Espresso ensures efficient handling of your video conversion projects.

Hassle-free Media Player Support:
· Convenient video conversion software MediaShow Espresso lets you output videos for your favorite media playerPlay your video files on any device. MediaShow Espresso will convert all your videos for playback on any media player hassle-free. By supporting a variety of input and output video formats, you'll always be able to enjoy your favorite videos on the road or on a vacation. Share with friends and family who will enjoy watching your favorite videos on their media players too.

Importing to iTunes - Faster Than Ever:
· Fast video converter MediaShow Espresso offers blazing performance in outputting videos for your iPod or iPhone. With support for CPU and GPU optimization, converting files for your Apple products can be up to 10x faster. You'll wonder why you ever used any other method!
· MediaShow Espresso automatically sends converted videos to your iTunes. Simply check the iTunes option to export.

Broadcasting on YouTube:
· It's a breeze to broadcast yourself on YouTube. MediaShow Espresso allows you to convert and upload your videos to YouTube directly. Just check the option and follow the easy steps to transfer to your account.

Customizing Your Own Profiles:
· You have a selection of pre-defined output profiles to choose from before beginning your video projects. Speedy video converter MediaShow Espresso also lets you customize your own video profiles too.

Home Page - http://www.cyberlink.com


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                               
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                              
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1200+ torrents:                                                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
			