

The New War Against Terrorism.
By Noam Chomsky


Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps


What is terrorism? And how can we reduce the likelihood of such crimes, whether they are against us, or against someone else? With his vintage flair, penetrating analysis, and ironic wit, Chomsky, in perhaps his most anticipated lecture ever - delivered a month after 9/11, and his first public statement - makes sense of a world apparently gone mad.

''The last time that the national territory of the United States was under attack, or for that matter, even threatened, was when the British burned down Washington in 1814. It was common to bring up Pearl Harbor but that’s not a good analogy. The Japanese bombed military bases in two US colonies, not the national territory; colonies which had been taken from their inhabitants in not a very pretty way…During these close to 200 years, we, the United States expelled or mostly exterminated the indigenous population, that’s many millions of people, conquered half of Mexico, carried out depredations all over the region, Caribbean and Central America, sometimes beyond, conquered Hawaii and the Philippines, killing several hundred thousand Filipinos in the process. Since the Second World War, it has extended its reach around the world in ways I don’t need to describe. But it was always killing someone else. It was others who were getting slaughtered. Not here.'' — Noam Chomsky, from the CD.

Noam Chomsky is an influential linguist, professor, author, and activist. Chomsky has been active in left-wing politics and he opposed the Vietnam War. He is the eighth most cited source of all time, and is considered the ''most cited living author''. Chomsky is also the author of over 150 books.


Running Time: 53:56


1  Assumptions, Questions And Goals
2  Afghanistan
3  Attacks On The US
4  Attacks By The West
5  Terrorism And The War On Nicaragua
6  Terrorism Works
7  Freedom Fighters And Terrorism
8  CIA And Terrorism
9  Turning Against The Master
10 Why Do They Hate Us?
11 Combatting Terror
12 International Relations And The Credibility Factor
13 Sensible Solutions
14 Reducing Terror, Enduring Freedom



 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61Ml0%2BQdKvL._SL500_AA280_.jpg
















