Tom Wrigglesworth's Open Letters - S01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 
4 x 30 minutes - 128k - MP3 - Slimoo 



This series started life as a one-off recording of Tom Wrigglesworth's Edinburgh Comedy Award nominated stand-up routine about a rude and unhelpful train guard. 

After the success of this first show, Tom was commissioned to return to Radio 4 to regale his audience with more tales of corporate lunacy and ridiculous rip-offs.

Through the medium of four open letters, Tom investigates the countless examples of corporate lunacy and maddening "jobsworths" in modern Britain. His subjects range from traffic wardens to estate agents, with Tom recalling his own funny and ridiculous experiences as well as recounting the absurd encounters of others. 

It's a show about being proud and sticking up for what is right.


 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/tom_wrigglesworth_open_letter/ Review: 

With a down-to-earth charm and an insightful eye for the idiosyncrasies of British life, Tom is one of the country's leading young stand-up comedians and this is a great programme vehicle for him.

Wrigglesworth's original routine, based on the true story of what happened on a Manchester to London train on 9th October 2008, stormed Edinburgh... so it's great Radio 4 brought it to a wider audience in the 2010 pilot.

The full series is just as fun, with some clever use of the English language, although perhaps some of the targets are a little easy (yes, we all dislike parking wardens) 


Cast: 
Tom Wrigglesworth
Joanna Monro





Tom Wrigglesworth's Open Letters - S01 - E01 - Parking Enforcement
Tom Wrigglesworth's Open Letters - S01 - E02 - Utilities Companies
Tom Wrigglesworth's Open Letters - S01 - E03 - Bankers 
Tom Wrigglesworth's Open Letters - S01 - E04 - Estate Agents






Audio Format : MP3 
Duration Approx : 25mn 54s 
Bit rate mode : Constant 
Bit rate : 128 Kbps 
Channel(s) : 2 channels 
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz 
Resolution : 16 bits

[


I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don't have time to keep trying.
If it's down then it's skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don't miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)



.





