NOTE" diamonds for heather is not included in this rip/ that episode with all other christmas specials will be upped as a huge torrent after series seven




Series Two

It all starts with Rodney dating a copper and ends with a little chandalier trouble, but in between that, Series Two continues to showcase what Peckham's first family are best at: dicing with death, losing their money, messing with the wrong sort, cutting corners, and getting away from it all - so nothing changes!
------------------------------





1.The Long Legs of the Law

Transmitted: 21.10.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 7.7 million

Del and Grandad are horrified to hear that Rodney is dating a police officer called Sandra. But while Grandad is worried about Sandra knowing about the Trotters' sullied reputation, Del is sweating over the amount of dodgy gear stored in the flat.

At the end of their date at the cinema, Rodders brings Sandra back to the flat for a nightcap. As soon as she arrives, Del spots her wearing a stolen watch that Rodney has given her as a gift. Thinking fast, he 'accidentally' pours gin over it and promises to buy her a replacement.

Ever the gent, Rodney offers to walk her home, and everything appears to be forgiven. But as Sandra says goodbye, she tells Rodney he has 24 hours to empty the flat of stolen goods belonging to Trotters' Independent Traders before she notifies CID.
-----------------------------------

2.Ashes to Ashes

Transmitted: 28.10.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 9.8 million

When Trigger's Grandmother passes away, the Trotters gather round to offer their condolences. Ever the considerate friend, Del offers to take some of her valuables off Trig's hands - he wouldn't want just anyone to come along and rip him off, after all.

Del spots two urns that might be worth a bob or two, but Rodney and Grandad agree that they must contain the ashes of Trig's Grandfather. As they remember he was an avid bowler, they decide to scatter his ashes on the local bowling green - but to no avail.

A second plan to throw his ashes into the Thames is scuppered, and a passing road sweeping lorry eventually sucks them up - a poetic ending when they remember that Trig's Grandad was a road sweeper too.
--------------------------------

3.A Losing Streak

Transmitted: 4.11.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 7.5 million

Del is getting into financial trouble - even his double-headed coin can't help him win. He's gambling away his money with no sign of stopping, and he's already £150 down.

Nevertheless, when Boycie challenges him to a winner-takes-all poker game, Del is eager to host it in his flat in Mandela House.

As the night progresses, Del's luck goes from bad to worse as he ends up owing Boycie all his money, the TITCO van, Grandad's cash, jewellery and even a collection of loose change.

But all is not lost, as Del finally turns the tables on Boycie in revenge for fixing all the previous card games in his favour.
-----------------------------------

4.No Greater Love

Transmitted: 11.11.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 8.6 million

Rodney falls for Irene Mackay - a woman twice his age - and Del Boy isn't happy about it.

Not only is Irene a lot older than Rodders, but she's married to a hard nut who's doing time in Parkhurst prison - and is about to be released. Concerned for his brother's welfare, Del convinces Irene to ditch Rodney. But when Rodney realises Del has been interfering with his personal life again, he goes loopy.

Soon after, Tommy Mackay gets out of prison - he soon finds out his missus has been cheating on him with a Trotter, and goes looking for revenge. Luckily for Rodney, Tommy finds Del Boy first, and the elder Trotter takes the punishment for him.

When a bruised and battered Del returns to the flat, he's over the moon to find out that Rodney has moved onto someone new anyway, so there wasn't really anything to worry about!
---------------------------------------

5.The Yellow Peril

Transmitted: 18.11.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 8.2 million

When Del arranges a job redecorating a Chinese Restaurant, he unwisely decides to employ the services of Rodney 'Leonardo' Trotter and buys some paint from Trigger.

It's also nearing the anniversary of their mother's death, and in an attempt to save a bit of cash, Del and Rodders swipe a bit of spare paint to spruce up her tombstone.

While Del leaves Grandad and Rodney to paint the grease-filled Chinese kitchen with 'gold' paint, he heads off to decorate the tombstone. It's only when they've finished painting and get a call from the owner of the Chinese restaurant that they realise the paint was actually luminous yellow.

Fine for the walls of a Chinese restaurant kitchen, and it certainly makes a gravestone stand out on a dark night!
-------------------------------------

6. It Never Rains

Transmitted: 25.11.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 9.5 million

Trotters' Independent Trading Company has been forced off the market, with the continuing downpour keeping most of Peckham indoors.

While drowning their sorrows in The Nag's Head, Alex the travel agent mentions that business is slow and he can't give holidays away at the moment. As a promotional gimmick, Del suggests offering an 80% discount on a holiday to the next customer in the shop - and who happens to walk by, but Derek Trotter.

Having sold sun-hats in the rain, Rodders has managed to earn some travel cash, but he is dismayed to learn that the 80% discount only extends to a grotty hotel in Benidorm. And despite not being included in the bargain, the brothers reluctantly pay for Grandad to join them on their escape to the sun.

During the whole holiday, Del and Rodney check out the local talent, while Grandad cramps their style. Especially when they bring two girls back to their apartment, only for the old man to scare them off with his dentures.

Things get a bit more serious when Grandad gets himself arrested. Despite fearing that old history is returning to haunt him - in the form of an incident 'during the war' - it turns out that he was arrested for jay-walking and is released without charge. Much to Del's annoyance.
---------------------------------------

7.A Touch of Glass

Transmitted: 2.12.1982
Duration: 30 minutes
Viewing Figures: 10.2 million

Returning from an auction, the Trotters stop to help a woman whose car appears to have broken down.

It turns out she is a posh sort. No less than Lady Ridgemere, wife of Lord Ridgemere who own the Ridgemere Hall Estate.

Having towed the Lady to her stately home, Del overhears that the Lord of the Manor is having trouble with the firm he's hired to clean their chandeliers. He wastes no time in offering the Trotter's services as chandelier cleaners for a mere £350.

With Rodney and Del up ladders, and an old sheet the only thing between the cut-glass chandelier and the floor, it is only natural that Grandad detaches the chandelier from the room behind them.

Del's fast talking excuses are the Trotters' only chance they have of escape! 