Game-Brian Lara 2007

Source-UMD

Format-CSO

Console-PSP

Tested and working on PSP[MODEL-4g] 6.60Pro-B9


The game features all the ICC Teams in the 2007 cricket world cup. Be it a little late for the world cup which was some time ago this year. The game has all the names and players would would expect, Brain Lara of course, Ricky Ponting, Stephen Fleming etc. As a cricket fan myself and remembering the days of Brain Laras Cricket on the old Playstation I was keen to see how this game had turned out.
Gameplay is some what different in ways to other cricket sims, Bowling is a matter of placing the marker with the analog stick where the ball will bounce and a sliding meter bar you have to click to control the pace of the bowl. Fielding is some what automatic here, but again you have to click to time the catches and throws well. This involves another sliding meter which you have to click in the red zone in order to take a catch. Too slow and you’ll drop the ball. Its all in the timing.

Batting shots are different here X is a ground shot, Circle is a lofted hit, Square is a defensive shot–with the PSP’s analog stick used to direct the hit. Timing is an important factor in making a successful hit, as players will need to start their swing at the appropriate time to make the best contact with the ball. To help with timing, a metered bar appears in the bottom left-hand corner of the screen which shows if you’re swinging early, late, or on time.
This metered bar also contains the bowler confidence indicator and the batsman confidence meter.

Concept 8/10 :

Cricket Sim. And the PSP’s first cricket game finally arrives to the system.
Graphics 6.5/10 :
Not the best graphics by all means.

Sound 7/10 :
Fine, good sound effects

Gameplay 6.5/10 :
Overall its fine however, lack of Fielding gameplay, almost automatic with minimal player input.

Some quick catches are without any player input.
Entertainment factor 6.5/10 :
Cricket fans will be happy here.

Replay Factor 7/10 :
I’m sure if your a cricket fan then you’ll be back for more. 
 
TOTAL – 7/10
