               F4CG - since 1983!
          cpN
            presents
                GiliSoft Private Disk v4.0
            (c) GiliSoft International LLC.
      Cracker ....: Team F4CG    Release Date ....: 01-14-2013
      Supplier ...: Team F4CG    OS Type .........: Windows
      Packer .....: GiftWrap     Number Of Disks .: [xx/01]
      Protection .: DRM          Program Type ....: Application
        SITE: http://www.gilisoft.com

          RELEASE NOTES:
      GiliSoft  Private  Disk  is  a  software  which will make  
      transparent encryption using virtual hard drives.GiliSoft  
      Private  Disk  uses  a  real-time  on-the-fly  encryption  
      system to encrypt and decrypt data. Your files are stored  
      in the encrypted form on virtual hard drive with password  
      authentication,    but   when  it  is  requested  by  any  
      application,  it  gets  decrypted on-the-fly. Conversely,  
      unencrypted    data    to    be    stored   is  encrypted  
      instantaneously  and  then  stored. GiliSoft Private Disk  
      mounts  a  volume  file  to create a "virtual drive" that  
      appears to applications and users like any other physical  
      drive.  Any  data that the user attempts to write to this  
      drive  is  intercepted  by  kernal driver, encrypted, and  
      written  to  the  volume  file.Attempts to read from this  
      volume  are  also  intercepted,  and the relevant data is  
      read  by  kernal  driver from the volume file, decrypted,  
      and presented to the application trying to read the data.  
      Dismounting  the "virtual drive" ensures that data cannot  
      be  read  from  or  written  to  it.  All  data is stored  
      encrypted  within  the  "container". As far as windows is  
      concerned,  there  is  a  'new'  disk  that  has suddenly  
      appeared.When   the  program  exists  or  the  volume  is  
      unmounted,  the  file system stays encrypted and there is  
      absolutely no way anyone can recover/get the data without  
      the pass phrase.

            INSTALLATION NOTES:
      1. Unzip, unrar and run setup/install.
      2. Enjoy !

            GROUP NEWS:
      No group news available at this moment ...

                            _\|/_
          PROGRAM PROVIDED FOR TEST PURPOSES ONLY!
            IF YOU LIKE THIS PROGGIE, BUY IT!

          F4CG GREETINGS:
       All current and past F4CG members wherever you are.
        All hard-working/secure groups in the real scene.
                 UPDATE [03-01-2006]
                   ascii by cpN of cRo in 2oo5