A Guide to Woodland Birds

The series is recorded on location in the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire, where keen birdwatcher and writer Stephen Moss joins Brett to swap notes and advice on how to identify the birds of this and other forests and woodlands. 

Each week, the series focuses on a different group of birds, namely Classic woodland species, (like nuthatch and treecreeper), Common warblers (including chiffchaff and willow warbler), an Oakwood trio and a soloist (a band of three and the nightingale), Conifer specialists (including siskin, goldcrest and crossbill) and the Big Stuff, (birds like jays, jackdaws tawny owls and sparrowhawks). Not only is there advice on how to recognise birds visually, but also how to identify them from their calls and songs, and for this series, wildlife sound recordist Chris Watson has recorded the songs and calls of birds both here and elsewhere in the UK.

This entertaining and practical series will help you distinguish blackcaps from garden warblers, and chiff chaffs from willow warblers. It should appeal not only to complete bird-watching novices but also to those who are eager to learn more about our woodland visitors. 

Accompanying this series, there’s also an interactive webpage Brett Westwood’s Guide to British Birdsong  http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/science/birdsong.shtml where you can listen to the calls and songs of individual birds.

1/5 Classic Woodland Birds

Brett is joined by keen bird watcher Stephen Moss in the Forest of Dean. With the help of wildlife sound recordist Chris Watson, they identify some classic woodland birds, including nuthatches and tree-creepers.

2/5 Common Warblers

Brett is joined by keen bird watcher Stephen Moss and wildlife sound recordist Chris Watson to identify songsters such as chiff chaff, willow warbler, black cap and garden warbler.

3/5 Oakwood Trio and a Special Soloist

Brett is joined by keen bird watcher Stephen Moss and wildlife sound recordist Chris Watson to identify songsters such as the wood warbler and the redstart. A nightingale makes a guest appearance.

4/5 Conifer Specialists

Brett is joined by keen bird watcher Stephen Moss and wildlife sound recordist Chris Watson. Identified species include siskin, goldcrest, coal tit and crossbill.

5/5 The Big Stuff!

Brett is joined by keen bird watcher Stephen Moss and wildlife sound recordist Chris Watson. Identified species include jays, tawny owls and sparrowhawks.



Enjoy and Seed!!