Policenauts for the Sony Playstation One                            Rel. 01/19/1996
 

Format:        CD-R NTSC-J
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         ISO
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Playstation or Ps2, Breaker Pro/Boot-cd, 
               Game Enchancer/Built-in Mod, or psx emulator.
               (You only need to use one of these mentioned methods)


Compressed with 7zip. Game was tested and works.



Note: No Psone Backup Disc/game or copy will work unless your Psone or Ps2 
      Console is modded, or if you use a Boot Disc like Breaker Pro, or
      Use a Game Enchancer Plug in Port which is like a boot disc and
      Can Load Backups.




Release Notes - Patched to english, can be played with a modded psone/ps2.
                Or Emulator (Included).



Game Description:

The game centers on Jonathan Ingram, one of the five "Policenauts", astronauts with police training, assigned to ensure the safety of Beyond Coast, mankind's first fully-functional space colony in the year 2013. A freak accident occurs while testing a new space walking suit and Jonathan is drifted away into space and is presumed dead by his colleagues. He is found alive and well nearly 25 years later thanks to the cold-sleep module connected to the suit. Three years later, Jonathan (now a private investigator working in the former Los Angeles) is visited by his former wife, Lorraine. She asks for Jonathan's help in solving the disappearance of her current husband, Kenzo Hojo, the only clues he left behind being a torn leaf, a set of capsules, and the word "Plato". Jonathan is reluctant to take her case at first. However, after Lorraine leaves his office, she is attacked and murdered by a man in a black motorcycle suit. Jonathan, unable to catch the culprit, decides to fulfill his ex-wife's final request and travels to Beyond. There he is reunited with his former partner from his LAPD days, Ed Brown, who agrees to help Jonathan investigate the circumstances surrounding Hojo's disappearance and Lorraine's murder.

Policenauts is very similar to Snatcher. It is also written by Hideo Kojima, has a great story, and features shooting sequences. To put it shortly, if you liked Snatcher, you'll like Policenauts as well. Actually, Policenauts is in many ways a better game.

Game is also playstation mouse compatible. And is More point and click.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% (Included).


Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't
working.


If this is working fine for you let us know post a comment.


Please Seed This When your done.

(I Can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!		