Dave Brubeck - Dave Brubeck In Moscow 
Original: 1987
Audio CD: May 30, 2000 
Format: Live 
Label: Boheme Music Records
Quality: flac + cue

This bootleg of Dave Brubeck's tour of the former Soviet Union in 1987 was supposedly taken from the same concert as the one excerpted on Brubeck's Concord CD Moscow Night (Concord considered but never issued a second CD from Moscow), but the jury is still out.  Unfortunately, the excellent performances heard on this disc are marred by the low quality that is all too common among Melodiya's concert recordings of classical artists; this master tape likely came from an audience taping because of the distortion, the lack of balance among the instruments, and the far too audible coughs and sneezes heard on occasion.  Oddly enough, there are only three numbers on this CD that are also present on Moscow Night, and only one of those, "Take Five," sounds very similar on both dates ("Unsquare Dance" and "Theme for June" are the other two). Brubeck's upbeat arrangement of the Disney tune "Someday My Prince Will Come" can still bring joy to the most dour heart, while his Oriental blues "Koto Song" has a captivating extended introduction that sets up Bill Smith's haunting clarinet solo. Smith's electronic gadgetry adds a new dimension to Brubeck's "Blues for Newport," which is played much faster than its debut performance on the CD of the same name. Son Chris switches from his fretless electric bass to bass trombone for the crowd-pleasing strut "King for a Day" (from Brubeck's The Real Ambassadors). Drummer Randy Jones draws the spotlight for a sensational solo in "Pange Lingua March," which became a regular feature for the percussionist in the years that followed. Brubeck fans will definitely want to pick up this CD, though better sound would have given it a higher rating. ~ AllMusic ” 

Recorded in Moscow, this is another example of a terrific Dave Brubeck live album. If you're used to the Dave Brubeck Quartet with Desmond, Morello and Wright, it might take you a while to get used to the slightly different sound created by Chris Brubeck's electric bass and Bill Smith's clarinet (which mouthpiece does he use?!). The latter even uses a delay effect sometimes to create an atmosphere which just wouldn't be achievable without it. As for the songs, we see a few classics like Unsquare Dance (just hear the audience clap along with it, but ultimately give up... and why are the last 2 bars not both in 7/4 but in 6/4 and 7/4 ?), Koto Song (a particular favourite of mine) and Take Five. All of these songs are performed with great style and technique, and this goes for the other songs too. Bill Smith's solo in Koto Song is one of the best he ever did (in my opinion), and it's amazing to hear Randy Jones do his Take Five solo. While he keeps the rythym of 5/4 going with the hi-hat, he manages to play a 4/4 rythym within this scheme. It's impressive, to say the least. When I first heard Dave's solo in Unsquare Dance I wasn't too impressed with it, but oh, how he proved me wrong when I listened thoroughly over and over again. Throughout this album, Mr Brubeck shows us why he has become one of the most famous jazz pianists in the world. Chris Brubeck plays some great bass here, in different styles (from the jazz four beat to more modern styles), and he is perhaps even more proficient with his bass trombone. Please add this album to your collection if you're a Brubeck fan. There's only one bad thing about it, and that's the guy who constantly after the songs screams "Bravo!!" He's right about cheering, but it gets irritating after several times. ~ B. Scholtes

Personnel:
Dave Brubeck (piano);
Chris Brubeck (trombone, bass);
Bill Smith (clarinet);
Randy Jones (drums).

Dave Brubeck - Dave Brubeck In Moscow Tracklist:
01  Unsquare Dance (6:19)
02  Theme For June (10:32)
03  Some Day My Prince Will Come (6:57)
04  Blues For Newport (8:27)
05  King For A Day (3:29)
06  These Foolish Things (4:41)
07  Pange Lingua March (10:46)
08  Koto Song (9:36)
09  Take Five (12:29)

