An alternative daily newschannel. One hour with news as you do not see it elsewhere.
 
http://www.democracynow.org

Headlines for Nov 29, 2011

-  Federal Court Rejects $285 Million Citigroup Toxic Mortgage Debt Settlement
-  Federal Reserve Secretly Committed $7 Trillion to Save Nation's Largest Banks
-  U.N. Commission Accuses Syrian Forces of Crimes Against Humanity
-  Yemen: Hundreds of Thousands of Protesters Demand President Face Charges
-  Egyptian Military Attempts to Purchase 21 Tons of U.S.-Made Tear Gas
-  U.N. Criticizes Libya for Holding Thousands of Prisoners Without Legal Process
-  United Nations Climate Change Conference in South Africa Enters Second Day
-  Congressman Barney Frank Announces He Will Not Seek Re-Election
-  Injured Iraq War Veteran Scott Olsen Gives First Interview Since OWS Shooting
-  Occupy Los Angeles Eviction Averted
-  Israeli Military Apologizes For Degrading Strip-Search Of Prominent New York Times Photographer
-  American Airlines Parent Company Declares Bankruptcy
-  Psychiatrists Conclude Alleged Norway Mass Killer Insane, May Avoid Prison Time


Special reports

- Battlefield America: U.S. Citizens Face Indefinite Military Detention in Defense Bill Before Senate

The Senate is set to vote this week on a Pentagon spending bill that could usher in a radical expansion of indefinite detention under the U.S. government. A provision in the National Defense Authorization Act would authorize the military to jail anyone it considers a terrorism suspect - anywhere in the world - without charge or trial. The measure would effectively extend the definition of what is considered the military's "battlefield" to anywhere in the world, even within the United States. Its authors, Democratic Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan and Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona, have been campaigning for its passage in a bipartisan effort. But the White House has issued a veto threat, with backing from top officials including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, and FBI Director Robert Mueller. "This would be the first time since the McCarthy era that the United States Congress has tried to do this," says our guest, Daphne Eviatar of Human Rights First, which has gathered signatures from 26 retired military leaders urging the Senate to vote against the measure, as well as against a separate provision that would repeal the executive order banning torture. "In this case, we've seen the administration very eagerly hold people without trial for 10-plus years in military detention, so there's no reason to believe they would not continue to do that here. So we're talking about indefinite military detention of U.S. citizens, of lawful U.S. residents, as well as of people abroad."


- Egypt Holds Historic Election As Military Council Resists Calls To Transfer Power To Civilians

Egypt is in the second day of its first elections since the ouster of longtime president Hosni Mubarak earlier this year. On Monday, Egyptians waited in long lines across the country to choose their first ever democratically elected parliament. The elections are being held in the wake of fierce clashes between protesters and police last week that left at least 42 people dead and more than 3,100 wounded. We play a video report filed by Democracy Now! correspondent Sharif Abdel Kouddous in Cairo about the election held in the aftermath of a deadly crackdown. "We're right here saying we want our rights... a civilian presidential council that is formed from people that represent us and that are agreed upon but they must have full authority not just someone like before, like Essam Sharaf's government, just a secretary that carries out what the military council wants," says protester Rania Mohamed Fawzi. "No, we've been silent for a long time. This time, we are not silent. And we will get all our rights. And this won't be like the first time. They said Mubarak left and we all went home. No. This time we won't go home until we get all our rights."


- Pepper-Spray Creator Decries Use of Chemical Agent on Peaceful Occupy Wall Street Protesters

We speak with Kamran Loghman, the expert who developed weapons-grade pepper-spray, who says he was shocked at how police have used the chemical agent on non-violent Occupy Wall Street protesters nationwide - including students at University of California, Davis, female protesters in New York City, and an 84-year old activist in Seattle. "I saw it and the first thing that came to my mind wasn't police or students, it was my own children sitting down having an opinion and they're being shot and forced by chemical agents," says Loghman, who in the 1980s helped the FBI develop weapons-grade pepper -spray, and collaborated with police departments to develop guidelines for its use. "The use was just absolutely out of the ordinary and it was not in accordance with any training or policy of any department that I know of. I personally certified 4,000 police officers in the early '80s and '90s and I have never seen this before. That's why I was shocked... I feel is my civic duty to explain to the public that this is not what pepper spray was developed for."


- Occupy Student Debt: Students Urged to Refuse to Pay Off Loans As Schools Hike Tuition

Monday was a day of action for university students on both coasts angered by the rising cost of tuition and the crackdowns on their recent protests. In California, students temporarily shut down a meeting of the University of California Board of Regents to protest a series of tuition hikes and the violent response to protests at UC-Berkeley and UC-Davis. Wary of a massive demonstration, the regents met by conference call from four different campuses but were still forced to switch venues after being confronted by chanting students at three of the four sites. In New York City, about a thousand students marched outside a meeting where City University of New York trustees voted to authorize annual tuition increases through 2015. The protests were the latest in a long-running battle against tuition hikes and education cuts that originated on UC campuses two years ago and quickly spread across the country. We speak with two guests who helped launch the "Occupy Student Debt Campaign" Pledge of Refusal, which asks student signatories to refuse their student loan debt until a number of education reforms are implemented, including free public education. Pamela Brown is a Ph.D student in Sociology at The New School, and Andrew Ross is a professor of social and cultural analysis at New York University.

 
http://www.democracynow.org