Country: Russia
Genres: Progressive Rock
Runtime: 27:55
Date: 1996

Tracklist:
01. Ballad About a Death
02. Nibelungs. Trilogy
03. Karma
04. In Memory of Pushkin
05. In Memory of Lermontov
06. Crack (Area of Silence)

The Band:
Maks - Booshin - voices, guitars
Pavel Arkhipov - keyboards
Vyacheslav Protasov - bass
Filipp Mirgaleev - drums


SUNRISE – is one of the brightest phenomenons in the history of Omsk rock-scene. In the 90-s it’s the most tour Omsk rock –group, one of the most professional & popular in the city, it’s also in success out of the city limits.

It has got a huge quantity of prizes & reviews in musical magazines & periodical press. During 10 years group recorded some studio & concert albums, some clips, it gave countless lively concerts, even with such «monsters» as NAZARETH.

Hard -rock was the basis of SUNRISE, which varied and turned out into art- rock.

May be it was connected with the periodical change of staff. The musicians changed, but the pivot of group, its leader-author, virtuoso guitar player & vocalist Max Bushin was always invariable. Thanks to his talent in 1994 group SUNRISE was given the name of «Folk body».

It’s a phenomenon in Russia regarding Anglo-language rock –group.

It seemed all the ways were open. Producer Valentine Vyatkin, talented TV conductor,

rescued & supported this group in the most difficult moments of their lives, he organized concerts & tours , recordings & interviews. But unfortunately, this tale was with a tragically end. In the night from 1 to 2 July 2001 leader Max Bushin stepped in the window from the 5th floor. It was the bold point in group’s history.

In spite of all the phenomena SUNRISE didn’t come out the world scene. May be, they were born not in the very time & place, but nothing can be returned. SUNRISE remained the legend of Russian underground forever... 

Links: 
http://vkontakte.ru/club9064744 
http://patefonskver.ru/partyphone2/sunrise.htm

e-mail: sunrisemusicband@gmail.com

 