Charlie Haden's Quartet West has produced a truly unique and beautiful record!
The masterful playing of Charlie Haden, Alan Broadbent, Ernie Watts and Rodney Green is further enhanced by Broadbent's lush, deeply musical string arrangements and an all-star cast of contemporary vocalists.
Each vocal track is unique, with each individual vocalist, the quartet and the strings all working in the service of the song.

Indeed, the order of the songs themselves on the album tell a larger story of love found and lost, beginning with Melody Gardot's beautifully innocent reading of If I'm Lucky and ending with a gorgeous, heartbreaking rendition of Gordon Jenkins' song Goodbye by Diana Krall. The entire CD unfolds like a great novel with each vocalist (Krall, Gardot, Norah Jones, Cassandra Wilson, Renee Fleming and Ruth Cameron) providing a unique chapter.

Of particular note are Alan Broadbent's string arrangements. Rather than providing simple background pads, the strings play a supportive, interactive role on the songs where they appear (Norah Jones' version of Ill Wind is the only vocal track without the string section and the stripped-down performance with the quartet provides a nice contrast to the lush string sounds found elsewhere).

Of course, the presence of leader Charlie Haden and his quartet is felt strongly throughout. Haden's bass playing needs no introduction- he is in amazing form throughout and his bass was recorded beautifully. A strong, deep, supportive sound that provides the foundation for the recording is on display here, anyone interested in hearing the instrument at its best need only listen to Charlie's feature on My Old Flame. The strongest performance on the record comes from the entire quartet itself; never content to tread musical water, the group interacts deeply on every song, perhaps a byproduct of playing together (with the exception of drummer Rodney Green) for over 25 years. Watts takes brilliant solos throughout and Broadbent's playing is a masterclass in swing and subtlety (his solo on Cassandra Wilson's A Love Like This is transcendent!). Green's drumming is supportive and vibrant throughout, taking several brief but driving solos.

I've been a fan of Charlie Haden and his Quartet West for years and to me, overall, the record is a success on several levels- unique and individual performances from the vocalists, deep and swinging playing from the quartet and outstanding string arrangements. Sophisticated Ladies is, however, more than just the sum of its parts. The storytelling on this album, realized by Haden and co-producer Ruth Cameron, transcends mere performance and becomes an event, much like watching a great film. I strongly suggest listening to the CD from beginning to end to feel the full effect. It's deep, powerful stuff.
(E. Klerks axisjazz Los Angeles, CA)

- - -

Charlie Haden Quartet West - Sophisticated Ladies 2010

 1 If I'm Lucky  (vocals - Melody Gardot)
 2 Sophisticated Lady
 3 All Wind  (vocals - Norah Jones)
 4 Today I Am A Man
 5 My Love And I  (vocals - Cassandra Wilson)
 6 Theme From Markham
 7 Let's Call It A Day  (vocals - Ruth Cameron)
 8 Angel Face
 9 A Love Like This  (vocals - Renee Fleming)
10 My Old Flame
11 Goodbye  (vocals - Diana Krall)
12 Wahoo
