I'm Not There: Original Soundtrack [2007]

TECH SPECS:
FLAC files are ripped with Exact Audio Copy (Secure mode, offset corrected) and fully tagged for those interested in converting for use in iTunes, etc. EAC logfiles and FFP are included, along with two sizes of the front cover and the Wikipedia page for this album in a text file.

RELEASE INFO:
This 2-CD soundtrack was released Oct. 30, 2007, and features various artists covering nearly three-dozen Bob Dylan songs. Please understand that the songs used in the film of the same name were for the most part the actual Bob Dylan recordings, whereas the songs in this torrent are covers (save one). As best as I can remember, very few of these cover versions were used in the movie ("When The Ship Comes In" is one exception that comes to mind; there may be others). I'm not positive if every song below is featured in the film (though a great many are), but conversely there are definitely some songs in the film that are not represented on the album ("Visions Of Johanna" being one obvious example). It's best to think of this album, released three weeks ahead of the film, as a musical tribute to accompany the film's release. And it succeeds in being one of the finest collections of Dylan covers ever, though many leave me yearning for the genuine article. Check out Cat Power's version of "Stuck Inside Of Mobile", it's excellent; Willie also does a nice job with "Senor".

Most notable is that this album features the first official release of the long-bootlegged song "I'm Not There 1956" which Dylan recorded with The Band during the infamous Basement Tapes sessions in mid-1967. It is the only recording on the album actually performed by Dylan (a cover version by Sonic Youth is also included). The "1956" that follows the song's title is as much a mystery as the song itself. Read more on that here:

For those interested, the link below has a list of the songs and song clips used in the movie:



Enjoy, and please seed ! -jimclip

----------------------------------

All songs written by Bob Dylan.

Disc One
1. All Along the Watchtower – Eddie Vedder and the Million Dollar Bashers
2. I'm Not There – Sonic Youth
3. Goin' to Acapulco – Jim James and Calexico
4. Tombstone Blues – Richie Havens
5. Ballad of a Thin Man – Stephen Malkmus and the Million Dollar Bashers
6. Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again – Cat Power
7. Pressing On – John Doe
8. 4th Time Around – Yo La Tengo
9. Dark Eyes – Iron & Wine and Calexico
10. Highway 61 Revisited – Karen O and the Million Dollar Bashers
11. One More Cup of Coffee (Valley Below) – Roger McGuinn and Calexico
12. The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll – Mason Jennings
13. Billy 1 – Los Lobos
14. Simple Twist of Fate – Jeff Tweedy
15. Man in the Long Black Coat – Mark Lanegan
16. Señor (Tales of Yankee Power) – Willie Nelson and Calexico

Disc Two
1. As I Went Out One Morning – Mira Billotte
2. Can't Leave Her Behind – Stephen Malkmus and Lee Ranaldo
3. Ring Them Bells – Sufjan Stevens
4. Just Like a Woman – Charlotte Gainsbourg and Calexico
5. Mama You've Been on My Mind / A Fraction of Last Thoughts on Woody Guthrie – Jack Johnson
6. I Wanna Be Your Lover – Yo La Tengo
7. You Ain't Goin' Nowhere – Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová
8. Can You Please Crawl Out Your Window? – The Hold Steady
9. Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues – Ramblin' Jack Elliott
10. The Wicked Messenger – The Black Keys
11. Cold Irons Bound – Tom Verlaine and the Million Dollar Bashers
12. The Times They Are a-Changin' – Mason Jennings
13. Maggie's Farm – Stephen Malkmus and the Million Dollar Bashers
14. When the Ship Comes In – Marcus Carl Franklin
15. The Moonshiner – Bob Forrest
16. I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine – John Doe
17. Knockin' on Heaven's Door – Antony & the Johnsons
18. I'm Not There (1956) – Bob Dylan and The Band

-end-