Inspector McLevy Mysteries by David Ashton (#1, 2 & 3) [epub+mobi]

Quote:
David Ashton's writing is excellent, his characters thoroughly convincing, and his narrative grabs you ... and doesn't let you go' THE SHERLOCK HOLMES SOCIETY OF LONDON

'McLevy is a sort of Victorian Morse with a heart ... Ashton impeccably evokes Edinburgh so vividly that you can feel the cold in your bones and the menace of the Old Town s steep cobbles and dark corners' FINANCIAL TIMES




The Shadow of the Serpent (#1)

The first in the McLevy series, this is wonderfully evocative detective fiction, based in dark, violent, Victorian Edinburgh. It's 1880 and the city is gripped by election fever. But while the rich and educated argue about politics, in the dank wynds of the city it's a struggle just to stay alive, especially when a murderous madman seems to have resurfaced after 30 years. McLevy is lured into a world of politics, perversion, deception and mystery and into the shadow of the serpent.



Fall from Grace (#2)

The second in a new series of McLevy books, "The Fall from Grace", revolves around the terrible Tay Bridge Disaster. The story begins with a break-in and murder at the Edinburgh home of Sir Thomas Bouch. Bouch is at the height of his powers, the enigmatic, egotistical builder of the Tay Bridge. McLevy is brought in to investigate. With the help of brothel madam, Jean Brash, McLevy finds the murderer, the dangerous, self-destructive Hercules Baxter but there is much, much more to unfold: murder, arson, sexual obsession and suicide.



A Trick of the Light (#3)

The third in a new series of McLevy books, 'A Trick of the Light' sees McLevy team up with Arthur Conan Doyle to pursue a ruthless killer. It is 1860 and a Confederate officer, Jonathen Sinclair, arrives in Edinburgh with a sheaf of money to purchase a blockade-runner from Clydeside shipbuilders. He is betrayed to the Union forces and brutally shot dead by their secret agents. The money vanishes. This incident sets the scene for more foul play in another pacy McLevy thriller.


Enjoy and Seed!!