Martin Roach - The Top Gear Story (Unabridged) - Read by Jerome Pride


Source Internet
Duration approx 7:46 hours
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono

I found this during an Internet "trawl", it purports to be unabridged and it appears to be so, treat it as "bought as seen".


The book

Reaching a peak in the 1990s thanks to presenter Jeremy Clarkson, the original series then faced the axe in 2001 - but Clarkson and producer Andy Wilman successfully pitched a new format to BBC bosses and Top Gear returned to become the irreverent, funny and often controversial show we now know and love. The addition of co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May completed the Top Gear dream team and ratings soared as viewers tuned in to see the latest Star in a Reasonably Priced Car, arguments over the Cool Wall and Power Laps by the mysterious Stig. Top Gear has long attracted criticism for its dangerous stunts and the presenters' controversial opinions, but thankfully 'the Hamster' made a full recovery and Top Gear has continued to pull in massive audiences across the world. This is the full story of the unstoppable rise of Clarkson, Hammond, May and The Stig - and how they have transformed an ordinary programme about cars into one of the most famous and best-loved TV programmes of the 21st century. 


The author

Martin Roach is a Number One best-selling author who has written scores of books on celebrity, music, youth culture and fashion. He has contributed to newspapers, magazines, television and radio shows all over the world. In 1992 he founded the respected publishing house Independent Music Press which publishes music books and cult novels.


The reader

Jerome Pride trained in both the UK and Australia and has since performed in a wide range of theatre productions, including Footprints on Water and The Room, for both of which he earned Green Room Award nominations. Jerome has appeared in a variety of independent films, and his television credits include Good Guys Bad Guys and Blue Heelers. 


Enjoy and Seed!!