Dear Teachers, 	 
Children, like many adults, are fascinated by language. They delight in humor-	 
ous, interesting, and delicious words just for the fun of hearing and saying 	 
them. The joy and excitement you have for language will affect the literature you share with your students. Listening to stories and poems read aloud provides children preparation and motivation for reading by introducing them to the functions and forms of print, building their oral vocabularies, and sparking their imaginations. 	 
For over 30 years, I have used poems as a key part of my literacy curriculum. Poems offer great opportunities for the direct teaching of emergent reading skills. The lyrical quality, playful language,and frequent repetition in poetry draw my students into a world of sounds, words, and ideas and enable me to focus on the connection between spoken and written language. 	 
I wrote the poems in this book for use with popular primary-grade themes such as colors, numbers, seasons, animals, holidays, and friends. The patterned, repetitive nature of the poems is a great aid to emergent readers because it allows them to feel successful and develop early reading fluency. 	 
I have included poems like “Webs in the Grass” and “The Peacock’s Tail” to provide an opportunity for sharing figurative language with children. The poems “Dear Valentine” and “Color My Mood” create occasions to talk about feelings and emotions. Some of the poems feature onomatopoetic words and strong sound patterns such as “Sounds All Around” and “Hello Bus, Yellow Bus.” Others are pure fun such as “Dinosaur at My Door” and “Mom’s Alllergic.” But all of the poetry allows chil-	 
dren to experience the beauty, power, and fun of language. I share these poems with you so that you can achieve the same. 	 
A child’s literacy development is supported by a literature-rich environment. Children come to school with some capacity for spoken language. We want to show them that print represents the spoken words they already know. We also want to have them look at print carefully, critically, and often; help them notice differences between letters and words; and support them in noticing that certain sounds are represented by specific letters and letter combinations. The poems and activi-	 
ties that follow will allow you to accomplish these and other early literacy goals. 	 
The challenge of nurturing children’s literacy growth is a daunting one given the demands on educators and the lack of readiness for reading among many children. Nevertheless, learning to read remains the most important factor in the fulfillment of individual potential in our society. To have even the smallest part in such a grand accomplishment is our greatest reward in this work we call teaching. I hope that 101 Thematic Poems for Emergent Readers provides some assistance by 	 
enhancing your literature collection as you embark on the important task of teaching your students to read. I wish you much success. 	 
Enjoy! 	 
