The Quest of the Historical Jesus
by Albert Schweitzer 1875-1965
Translated by William Montgomery

A little over a hundred years ago, Dr. Albert Schweitzer set forth the definitive survey of studies into the historical Jesus up to that point. His book, originally in German, was a major event that reverberates to this day. Even though many people will find his conclusions objectionable, the book needs to be on the shelf of any serious Bible scholar. This edition is based on the first English edition, translated by W. Montgomery.    In this book, Schweitzer traces the historical progress of Historical Jesus research, from Hermann Reimarus in the mid 18th century, to William Wrede at the turn of the 20th. Schweitzer showed how Jesus\\\' image had changed with the times and with the personal proclivities of the various authors. He concludes with his own synopsis and interpretation of what had been learned over the course of the previous century. He took the position that the life of Jesus must be interpreted in the light of Jesus\\\' own convictions, which he characterized as those of late Jewish eschatology.

Preface, by F.C. Burkitt 

Chapter 1:  The Problem   
Chapter 2:  Hermann Samuel Reimarus 
Chapter 3:  The Lives of Jesus of the Earlier Rationalism 
Chapter 4:  The Earliest Fictitious Lives of Jesus 
Chapter 5:  Fully Developed Rationalism - Paulus 
Chapter 6:  The Last Phase of Rationalism - Hase and Schleiermacher 
Chapter 7:  David Friedrich Strauss - The Man and His Fate 
Chapter 8:  First Life of Jesus
Chapter 9:  Opponents and Supporters
Chapter 10:  The Marcan Hypothesis 
Chapter 11:  Bruno Bauer 
Chapter 12:  Further Imaginative Lives of Jesus
Chapter 13:  Renan 
Chapter 14:  The Liberal Lives of Jesus 
Chapter 15:  The Eschatological Question
Chapter 16:  The Struggle Against Eschatology
Chapter 17:  Questions Regarding the Aramaic Language, Rabbinic Parallels, and Buddhistic Influence 
Chapter 18:  The Position of the Subject at the Close of the Nineteenth Century 
Chapter 19:  Thoroughgoing Skepticism and Thoroughgoing Eschatology 
Chapter 20:  Results