ENGLISH SUBTITLES ARE AVAILABLE AT MY WEBSITE http://www.lovefrenchfilms.com/ IN THE FRENCH FILM SUBTITLES CATEGORY (I am not including subtitles with the films no more as I want people to get them from my website)

There seems to be an over abundance of a particular type of film, which involve a group of people who set out on a journey, but never meet their destination. Last year saw the release of The Human Centipede, which made travelling look as fun as sticking pins in your eyes. The trend is still going with the DVD release of Caged, as director Yann Gozlan tells the story of Carole (Zoé Felix), who’s journey home isn’t as easy as she hoped.

Carole is a young nurse working in Eastern Europe. After working for three months as part of a humanitarian aid group, she heads home with her colleagues Samir (Arié Elmaleh) and Mathias (Eric Savin). The three take a detour when the main road is blocked. On a secluded back road, they’re hijacked, thrown into the back of a van and gassed. When they wake up they’re locked in cages, unaware of what fate awaits them. Whenever the phone rings, someone is dragged off, later to be wheeled back past the other captives, minus their organs. Will Carole find a way to escape?

The violence isn’t as heightened as would be expected as the torment proves to be more psychological than physical. This is first recognisable in the opening sequence; young Carole and her sister play hide and seek. Carole soon finds her dead after being mauled by a dog, who then tries to attack her. When she is being kept prisoner, dogs are constantly barking in the background; reminding her of that day and making her experience even more terrifying. The lights in the cages are repeatedly turned off, forcing the captives to be plunged into darkness. Carole is shown solemnly rocking back and forth in her cage as time passes slowly by and director Gozlan circles the camera around her, signifying the monotony of her days. While effective in conveying this message, these scenes do become repetitive. The action and suspense isn’t as fast paced as it could be, resulting in the lengthy shots of Carole in her cell becoming tedious.



The audience become Carole several times throughout, most notably in the scene in which she is being taken to her prison. The edges of the screen become blurry as she hazily becomes conscious. Here, Gozlan effectively portrays her disorientation in his attempt to bring the audience into her ordeal. There are a number of shots looking out of the window; Carole’s only glimpse of the outside world. The audience only ever see what she sees or experiences, successfully resulting in sympathy for her plight.

Felix is effective in her role as a desperate woman who has no way out. Her quiet anxiety and helplessness evokes sympathy, while her efforts at escaping show her strength and determination. This is best shown when Carole is caught trying to escape. Softly creeping through the kitchen, she is spotted by a woman preparing food. As the two fight, Felix personifies fear and power simultaneously; hysterically crying as she drowns her rival in a bowl of pig’s blood.

The lack of gore in Caged works to its advantage, resulting in an intense psychological thriller that’s intriguingly gripping until the end.fhall