,
.   http://www.scenetime.com/signup.php  ---&gt;  Hottest scene tracker on the net !!!  

    Join Now   http://www.scenetime.com/signup.php

    seed back for speed


 



...................................NFO:.................................................
                                 
                                  
                                 
                           
                               
                             
                     
               
                             
                               
                             
                         
              
      
    
       
    
          
       
               
                   
                        
                        
                             
                           
                        
                          
                              
                                  
                                    
                              
                            
                              
                           
               
        
     
    
     
               
                    
                              
                                      
                              
                    
                    
                         
                            
                           
                         
                       
                              
                             
                       
                          
                      
                      
                                   
                         
                    
              
          
      
     
     
         
             
                              
                                                    
                                                                   
                                                                    
                                                                       
                              S  K  I  D  R  O  W                        
                           .the leading force.                        
                                                                      
                           proudly presents                         
         Men of War: Vietnam - Special Edition (c) 1C Company         
                                                                        
                                                                        
    17-09-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...............Steam    
    Strategy.............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD    
                                                                         
                                                                        
                                                                     
     PROPER NOTES                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                         
 Our competing friends in RELOADED released this game about a week ago.  
                                                                         
 While we appreciate their hard work, then we can't overlook that their  
 crack isn't fully working.                                              
                                                                         
 Try and exit the game and it crashes on x64 systems. Haven't completed  
 the game, so we can't assure you that it's the only problem it have.    
                                                                         
 Our version isn't SecuROM, but instead Steam protected as the Steam     
 version is far more interesting with additional content. Content that   
 the RELOADED version didn't have.                                       
                                                                         
                                                                        
                                                                     
     RELEASE NOTES                                                      
                                                                        
                                                                         
 Men of War: Vietnam is a new game for the critically acclaimed series.  
 The new, story-driven campaign lets you taste the explosive mix of the  
 jungle, Hueys and rock-n-roll in 1968. The US campaign focuses on a     
 team of elite special ops soldiers, and each one of them has a          
 personality.                                                            
                                                                         
 The unit includes Sergeant John Merrill, machine-gunner Jim Walsh,      
 sniper Sonny Armstrong, grenade launcher operator Carl Dillan and       
 combat engineer Bill Kirby. In some missions they can count only on     
 themselves, while in the others they act together with regular US and   
 South-Vietnamese troops. The North Vietnam campaign tells the story of  
 two Soviet military consultants and two soldiers of the North Vietnam   
 Army who are the only survivors of an ambush prepared by the US troops. 
 The task of getting back to the North Vietnam territory is a difficult  
 one - they have no means of radio communication, no wheeled vehicles,   
 and it's too far to make it there on foot. On their way these survivors 
 get involved in a chain of bloodbath engagements and find themselves in 
 the dead center of the well-known Tet offensive.                        
                                                                         
 Missions range from special operations (rescuing a shot-down pilot,     
 escorting a reporter, etc.) to full scale battles.                      
                                                                         
 Features:                                                               
                                                                         
 There are two sides in every story, so two new story-driven campaigns   
 attempt to show the war from both sides.                                
                                                                         
 Breathtaking missions including an ambush on the Ho Chi Minh trail, a   
 game of cat and mouse in the Mekong Delta, raids into Cambodia and      
 Laos, bridge defense during the Tet offensive and more.                 
                                                                         
 New weapons and units: M-16, T-54, M-113, Patton III, M-60, AK-47,      
 M-14, RPG-2, M-72 LAW, RPK and many more.                               
                                                                         
 Multiplayer mode - co-op for up to 4 players.                           
                                                                         
                                                                         
 SPECIAL EDITION:                                                        
                                                                         
 Men of War: Vietnam Special Edition includes full version of Men of     
 War: Vietnam plus bonus maps and content that is not included in the    
 original game.                                                          
                                                                         
 Special Edition Exclusives:                                             
                                                                         
 Play with (against!) your friends on three multiplayer maps where you   
 must control victory locations to win.                                  
                                                                         
 Adapt your tactics to strengths and weaknesses of different sides of    
 the conflict while playing five thrilling single-player missions.       
                                                                         
 Special Edition Content:                                                
                                                                         
 NVA soldiers battle US Troops for control of a nameless sector near     
 Cambodia border.                                                        
                                                                         
 Four survivors, passengers of a shot-down US helicopter, try to escape  
 from Vietcong territory.                                                
                                                                         
 Surrounded Vietcong soldiers make their last stand against the US Army  
 onslaught in the ruined Catholic church converted into a makeshift      
 weapons depot.                                                          
                                                                         
 Vietcong subversive group must infiltrate the area patrolled by ARVN    
 and Green Berets using only knifes and silenced weapons.                
                                                                         
 Commander of the NVA tank platoon decides to launch an all-out attack   
 in a bold attempt to take out US Field HQ.                              
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                         
     INSTALL NOTES                              
                                                               
                                                                    
                                                                         
 1. Unpack the release                                                   
 2. Mount or burn image                                                  
 3. Install                                                              
 4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation      
 5. Play the game                                                        
 6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!            
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                         
     GREETINGS                                  
                                                               
                                                                    
                                                                         
 To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!                
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                   
                                                             
                                                  
                                       
                                  
   ascii art by the                  
   godlike & terrific duo        
          malodix + irokos     
                  titan artdivision