This Release Includes:
•	Point Break (Film) DVD rip to Xvid at 1.3GB
•	8 deleted scenes
•	"It's Make Or Break" Featurette 
•	"Ride The Wave" featurette
•	"Adrenaline Junkies" featurette
•	"On Location: Malibu" featurette
•	Still Gallery
•	Trailers
The Featurettes in this collection were all shot in 2006 with the cast of the classic 1991 film Point Break. They all revisit the wild ride they enjoyed making this film. It's a wonderful to see Patrick Swayze, Gary Busey and Lori Petty along with the rest of the cast reflect on this classic movie. And a great tribute to the late, great Patrick Swayze!

Point Break Pure Adrenaline Edition the definitive DVD was released in 2006. This is an amazing collection of ALL the material ripped from the Pure Adrenaline Edition DVD for you to enjoy and found NOWHERE ELSE ON THE NET! It’s everything on the DVD! 
I have ripped it all for you to enjoy and this collection is no-where else on the net, so please SEED! 
Dedicated to the late, great Patrick Swayze RIP
Please Seed!  Seed till you bleed! Thanks and leave comments.

CAST:
	Keanu Reeves as Johnny Utah
	Patrick Swayze as Bodhi
	Gary Busey as FBI Agent Angelo Pappas
	Lori Petty as Tyler Ann Endicott
	John C. McGinley as FBI Agent Ben Harp
	James LeGros as Roach
	Sydney Walsh as Miss Deer
	John Philbin as Nathanial
	Bojesse Christopher as Grommet
	Lee Tergesen as Rosie
	Julian Reyes as FBI Agent Alvarez
	Daniel Beer as FBI Agent Babbit
	Christopher Pettiet as 15
	Vincent Klyn as Warchild
	Chris Pedersen as Bunker
	Linda Cohn as Bank Teller
	Tom Sizemore as Agent Dietz (Uncredited)
	Anthony Kiedis as Tone
PLOT: Point Break is a 1991 action film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and starring Keanu Reeves, Patrick Swayze, and Gary Busey. The title refers to the surfing term "point break". The film was a box office success upon its release and it has since gathered a cult following. Johnny Utah (Keanu Reeves), is a rookie FBI agent and former Ohio State quarterback who, with his partner, Angelo Pappas (Gary Busey), are investigating a string of bank robberies by a gang known as the Ex-Presidents. They are called this because they use masks of former Presidents Ronald Reagan, Jimmy Carter, Richard Nixon, and Lyndon B. Johnson to disguise their true identities.
