OLD TIME RADIO:


DIMENSION X



Dimension X was first heard on NBC April 8, 1950, and ran until September 29, 1951.

Strange that so little good science fiction came out of radio; they seem ideally compatible, both relying heavily on imagination. Some fine isolated science fiction stories were developed on the great anthology shows, Suspense and Escape. But until the premiere of Dimension X -- a full two decades after network radio was established -- there were no major science fiction series of broad appeal to adults. This show dramatized the work of such young writers as Ray Bradbury, Robert (Psycho) Bloch, Robert Heinlein, Isaac Asimov, and Kurt Vonnegut. In-house script writer was Ernest Kinoy, who adapted the master works and contributed occasional storied of his own.

Dimension X was a very effective demonstration of what could be done with science fiction on the air. It came so late that nobody cared, but some of the stories stand as classics of the medium. Bradbury's "Mars Is Heaven" is as gripping today as when first heard. His "Martian Chronicles" was one of the series' most impressive offerings. 

Dimension X played heavily on an "adventures in time and space, told in future tense" theme. Actors who worked regularly on the show included Joe Di Santis, Wendell Holmes, Santos Ortega, Joseph Julian, Jan Miner, Roger De Koven, John Gibson, Ralph Bell, John Larkin, Les Damon, and Mason Adams. It was directed by Fred Weihe and Edward King. The deep-voiced narrator was Norman Rose.

The series played heavily on the "X" factor in the title, as did X Minus One a few years later. The signature was boomed out of and echo chamber as "DIMENSION X X X X X x x x x x . . . "



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: Dimension X
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Complete
Certification Date: July 10, 2004
Certification Version: Version 1
Number of CDs: 2



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHERS GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers (OTRR) Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible -- it includes all extant episodes.

OTRR Non-Certified -- A collection of shows that has not gone through the OTRR Certification process.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
Dimension X - Version 1 - Disk 1 of 2  ZIP  654.4 MB  
Dimension X - Version 1 - Disk 2 of 2  ZIP  624.1 MB  
Image Files JPEG JPEG Thumb 
Dimension X  125.2 KB 
  
OTRR_Certified_Dimension_X_thumb.jpg   9.6 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Dimension_X_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Dimension_X_meta.xml  Metadata  5.2 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Dimension_X_reviews.xml  Metadata  5.0 KB  
