Windows 7 Ultimate Auto Activation. No serial number needed. Updates work, everything works. I have had this on my PC for over a year and it works great. 

Please seed for as long as possible. If the torrent it slow, make sure you are uploading to at least 25 Kb/s as you get priority once you have uploaded the previous piece.



Windows 7 Ultimate is the most versatile and powerful edition of Windows 7. It is including the ability to run many Windows XP productivity programs in Windows XP mode. For added security, you can encrypt your data with BitLocker and BitLocker To Go. And for extra flexibility, you can work in any of 35 languages. Get it all with Windows 7 Ultimate.



How To Install

You do not need to enter a serial number, it just installs as it is. Please see below regarding updates. 

You need to burn this to a DVD and boot from CD. It is already a bootable image, just burn to DVD and you're done. If you don't know how to, follow these instructions. 


1. Download imageburn.
2. Install and open imageburn
3. Select 'write image file to disk'.
4. Browse for your download, select it and burn it.
5. With DVD in drive, restart your PC. You will get the option of "Press Any Key To Boot From CD". Press any key and follow the instructions.
If your PC doesn't give this option, you will get the option of pressing an 'F' key (possibly F2, F8 or F10 for example) to enter set up or enter BIOS. In here you will get the option of changing your boot order. Make the DVD drive the first one and it will now let you install Windows 7 Ultimate.


IMPORTANT - When you install updates, make sure you do not install KB971033. You will see it is un-ticked, do not install it. I would recommend hiding it (right mouse click on the update) so you don't install it accidentally.

If you have installed update KB971033, download REMOVE WAT. It's much easier not to install the update in the first place.


Please note, as with all operating systems you get the option to upgrade an old one (XP for example) to Windows 7 Ultimate or to do a fresh install. The fresh install wipes your files but I would always advise taking the fresh install option. It just seems to make your system run smoother. My advice, save your important files and do a fresh install.


FAQ's

1. Does it require a serial number? 
No.

2. Is it a bootable image? 
Yes.

3. Does it contain any viruses or trojans?
No, I have had this on my PC for over a year and it has worked perfectly.

4. Is it easy to install?
Yes, just burn to a disc and you're done.

5. Can you use Microsoft Update?
Yes, there is 1 update you shouldn't install, see above.

6. Can you upgrade your existing operating system?
Yes.

7. Is it 32 Bit?
Yes.


Please seed this for as long as possible.


Many thanks, enjoy Windows 7 Ultimate.