

Aerosmith
Rockin' The Joint
Live At The 
Hard Rock Hotel
Las Vegas (2005)


Aerosmith was one of the most popular hard rock bands of the '70s, setting the style and sound of hard rock and heavy metal for the next two decades with their raunchy, bluesy swagger. The Boston-based quintet found the middle ground between the menace of the Rolling Stones and the campy, sleazy flamboyance of the New York Dolls, developing a lean, dirty riff-oriented boogie that was loose and swinging and as hard as a diamond.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock
Source:			Flac Conversion

A year after the 2004 live DVD You Gotta Move, Aerosmith unleashes another live release with Rockin' the Joint. This 11-track album was recorded live on January 11, 2002 at the Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel & Casino as the quintet was pushing their 2001 album Just Push Play. The band offers perfunctory treatments of two tunes from that album -- the crawling opener "Beyond Beautiful" and the vaguely psychedelic "Light Inside" -- and they not only halt momentum here, their careful, market-tested nature doesn't sit well in a set that otherwise draws very heavily from the group's classic '70s work (with the notable exception of "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing," which sounds even more turgid in a live setting, sandwiched between "Draw the Line" and "Big Ten Inch Record," than it does in the studio). Since this set list does largely date from the mid-'70s, it's easy to hope that this is a stripped-down, lean, mean live record, but setting makes a big, big difference, and the Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel isn't some dingy club, or even a good-sized hall. It's a place for slick, flashy, professional entertainment, and Aerosmith delivers accordingly, turning in a polished yet energetic performance that's just this side of pat schtick. Certainly, the band sounds good, arguably tighter than they ever have, but this comes close to sounding like an Aerosmith revue instead of an Aerosmith concert. And while that doesn't make for a bad listen -- apart from the newer songs, the material is all good and the band performs them like the seasoned veterans they are -- it never makes for a compelling one, either.

01.Good Evening Las Vegas
02.Beyond Beautiful
03.Same Old Song And Dance
04.No More No More
05.Seasons Of Wither
06.Light Inside
07.Draw The Line
08.I Don't Want To Miss A Thing
09.Big Ten Inch Record
10.Rattlesnake Shake
11.Walk This Way
12.Train Kept A Rollin'


Cheers!