Neil Young  and Crazy Horse: Wet Show. [Bootleg]
Recorded  Live at Aichken Taiikukan, Nagoya, Japan - March 03, 1976.
Label:Tarantura 
Format:Flac

This was Young’s first visit to Japan and he played seven shows in Nagoya, Osaka, Fukuoka, and Tokyo. All of the shows have been taped and many pressed. The most recent releases include Another Osaka (Screamer), which contains half of the March 4th show, and GFK (Watch Tower) containing the Fukuoka tape. Wet Show, one of two recent Neil Young releases on the Tarantura label, contains a brand new complete audience recording. An older excellent audience recording exists and was released several years ago on You Are Just A Dream (F*!#in’ Up FUPCD-2001/2002), but is missing the second encore “Cortez The Killer.” Wet Show legitimately has the second encore and for the first time this show is complete. The sound quality is simply stunning. It is a three dimensional stereo audience recording taped right in front of the stage. The balance between the instruments and audience is perfect, and is detailed enough to pick up Young’s off-mic comments. This recording of the first show of 1976 Japanese Tour is from a previously uncirculated master and contains a previously uncirculated second encore of Cortez The Killer. This is a recent release from the apparently exclusive Tarantura label and is supposed to be direct from the original cassette masters. The sound is stellar

Disc 1
01. Intro
02. Tell Me Why
03. Mellow My Mind
04. After The Gold Rush
05. Too Far Gone
06. Only Love Can Break Your Heart
07. A Man Needs A Maid
08. No One Seems To Know
09. Heart Of Gold

Disc 2
01. Intro
02. Country Home
03. Band Intro
04. Don't Cry No Tears
05. Down By The River
06. Lotta Love
07. Like A Hurricane
08. The Losing End
09. Drive Back
10. Southern Man
11. Cinnamon Girl
12. Announcements
13. Cortez The Killer

Personnel: 
Neil Young - vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, keyboards, guitjo, harmonica :: Frank Sampedro - guitar, keyboards, vocals :: Billy Talbot - bass, vocals :: Ralph Molina - drums, vocals.

