Axure RP Pro 6.0.0.2897 Portable

Axure RP Pro is a dedicated tool for prototyping web sites and web applications. It's based on concepts known from Visio and web design tools, and elegantly combines the best of the two worlds. Interaction designers have suffered from the fact that there have been no decent software tools on the market dedicated to prototyping. Those of us who didn't stick with the pen, paper, scissor and glue stick method of paper prototyping, have had no other option but to use and adapt tools designed for other purposes, such as Visio, Dreamweaver, PowerPoint, and Photoshop. Axure have set out to change this. Their Axure RP Pro is a dedicated web prototyping tool. All it does is prototyping, and it does it quite well.

The good:
• Drag and drop widgets onto a grid (as you might know it from Visio)
• Generate prototypes in a format that behaves like real web pages (i.e. you can interact with forms and pages can scroll)
• Save time on repetitive changes by using custom widgets and templates
• Simulate rich interactivity by showing and hiding layers
• Automatically generate user interface specifications

The bad:
• You can't navigate your pages inside Axure by clicking links and buttons
• Somewhat expensive

Prototyping is an effective way to simplify documentation, elicit increased user input, identify missing requirements earlier, and minimize extraneous requirements. Reams of documentation can be captured in annotated, interactive screens that grab the attention of stakeholders and users. With Axure RP Pro, creating interactive, browser-based prototypes is as simple as a click of a button and does not require writing a single line of code! Generate interactive HTML prototypes with the click of a button. Demonstrate and test your design with working links, interactions, and conditional logic. View annotations by clicking note icons next to annotated widgets. Share your HTML prototypes with teammates and clients to view in Internet Explorer or Firefox without installing a player.

Specifications are an effective way to document, communicate, and achieve agreement on a design. With Axure RP, generate easy-to-read, professional functional specifications that coincide with the flow diagrams and annotated wireframes in your design. Generate functional specifications to Microsoft Word format in seconds complete with screenshots, annotations, and interactions. Use built-in templates or create customized templates with your look. Select single column or two-column layouts. Choose and configure content for your specification like screenshots, annotation fields, and widget text.

Key benefits:
» Design efficiently.
» Experience your design early to test ideas.
» Engage stakeholders to gather valuable feedback.
» Automate specifications avoiding tedious documentation.
» Enable design collaboration.

Features:
» Easy to use
» Masters for quick changes
» Instantly generate functional prototypes
» Interactive prototypes with annotations
» Instantly generate specifications
» Customizable
» Check in/check out system
» Version control

Home Page - www.axure.com


