Frank.Zappa.Freak.Out.List.2010.DVDRip.x264.Chef.CG.avi

Frank Zappa - The Freak Out List (2010)

Audio: Dolby Stereo

Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1
 
http://www.amazon.com/Zappa-Frank-Freak-Out-List/dp/B00347ZXYY/ref=wl_it_dp_o?ie=UTF8&coliid=I3LI0ME7CQ8CQM&colid=3R6LGAHT4LMC9

Not my rip -- found on a file hosting site.

Interesting documentary about Zappa's influences as reflected from the liner notes of his first album, Freak Out (1966), including the 20th century avant-garde, rhythm and blues, and jazz. Not a lot of Zappa music (although humorously they intersperse it with Zappa-like pastiches) but plenty of music from his influences. Recommended as long as you don't mind a lot of talking heads -- includes former band members Don Preston and Ian Underwood. I loved it.

From the Amazon product description:

When an artist, regardless of his significance, lists his favourite musicians and performers it is usually met with little fanfare, as over time the names mentioned are almost certainly going to change. But when Frank Zappa did likewise, and actually published a record of his most important influences on the inside cover of his debut album, it became a road map to the music he was to make over the following forty years. Even in the early 1990s, when asked about his most-loved composer s, musicians and artists, he would repeat names from this, by then legendary, index. This film explores the musical roots of Frank Zappa by putting The Freak Out List under the microscope and tracing the lineage from the most pivotal names therein to the recordings and performances of the man himself. Featuring rare footage of Zappa and the Mothers plus archive film of Freak Out List artists, exclusive interviews with The Mothers Of Invention s Ian Underwood, Don Preston and George Duke, 1950s Doo Wop legends, The Cadillacs, contributions from Zappa biographers Ben Watson and Greg Russo, Edgar Varese biographer Alan Clayson, experimental modern music historian Professor David Nicholls, soul and R n B expert Robert Pruter and many others. Also features numerous seldom seen photographs, news archive, radio spots and a host of other features which all together make for a fascinating, unique and hugely watchable programme. Extra features include; extended interviews, featurette Frank Zappa s Record Collection , illustrated contributor biographies and more.