          


                            PART  345


               DELTA GOODREM  -  Born To Try  (2003)
               DELTA GOODREM  -  Lost Without You  (2003)
               DELTA GOODREM  -  Not Me Not I  (2003)
               DELTA GOODREM  -  A Year Ago Today  (2003)
                             


         "Born to Try" is a piano-based pop ballad written by Delta Goodrem and Audius Mtawarira, for Goodrem's debut album "Innocent Eyes" (2003).The piano ballad  debuting at number three before reaching number one on the Australian Singles chart, becoming Goodrem's first number one single. It spent three months in the top five and went on to sell over 210,000 copies, making it the third highest selling single of 2002. In the UK, "Born to Try" debuted and peaked the charts at number three, spending eleven weeks in the top forty. The single was also a number one hit for Goodrem in New Zealand.
       "Lost Without You" is a pop ballad written by Bridget Benenate and Matthew Gerrard, produced by Gerrard for Delta Goodrem's first album Innocent Eyes (2003). It was released as the album's second single on 28 February 2003 in Australia and in the middle of 2003 for the rest of the world. The song became Goodrem's second number-one single in Australia and also peaked in the top ten in New Zealand, the UK and Sweden.  
       "Not Me, Not I" is a pop song written by Gary Barlow, Delta Goodrem, Eliot Kennedy, Kara DioGuardi and Jarrad Rogers, produced by Barlow and Kenndy for Goodrem's album "Innocent Eyes" 
This single is a love song, which talks about her pain at losing her first love."Not Me, Not I" debuted at number two behind Dido's "White Flag", and sold 11,505 copies in its first week. The week after, it took the number one position, giving Delta her fourth number one consecutive single in Australia. This broke Kylie Minogue's previous record of three consecutive number ones. "Not Me, Not I" remained in the top ten for ten weeks. In the UK, the single debuted and peaked at number eighteen, while it peaked at number eleven in New Zealand.
      "A Year Ago Today" was the twelfth song from the album "Innocent Eyes" and was released in Australia on 12 September 2003. The music video for the song was directed by Michael Spiccia and was filmed in August 2003.

        