Dear Citizens of the world,
We live in the most troubled times! Ravaged by debt, enslaved by greed, and trapped by media lies! Our lives have become such a burden, that we forgo the very basic instincts of our being - to care for our fellow brothers and sisters, We must dare to speak out in support of the Palestinian people who resist and endorse the horrific existence brought upon them through our blood thirsty imperial crusade.

The people of Palestine wake up in fear everyday knowing it may be their last; they walk the streets with military tanks aiming at them, they have to go through military checkpoints every day just to get to school or work, they are denied their basic human rights, they are shot at from point blank range for peacefully protesting, innocent Palestinian children are used as human shields by the Zionist IDF soldiers.

We at Anonymous and TeaMp0isoN would like you to take a few minutes out from your busy lives and just imagine the following existence for you, your family or those you hold dear:

Imagine you wake up with no hope every day, imagine your very existence, the future of your children, even the future of your nation was decided by the bullets of an occupying force! Imagine your children growing up accepting death as an inevitable consequence of being who they are! Imagine accepting the indignity of being searched, denied the freedom of movement in your own country; imagine having to queue up at a check point with a terminally or fatally wounded child only to be told that a non medic has decided that you cannot pass, imagine having to take your child back home to watch them die knowing that there is nothing you can do! Imagine watching an illegal settler forcing you and your family from your home, imagine the authorities aiding them, imagine your children watching their children playing in the back yard - with their toys, imagine you having to live outside in a tent watching them redevelop your home! Imagine what you would say to your child when he/she asks why!
Imagine seeing F16's terrorise your children, imagine being unable to sleep, traumatised, scared, crying - imagine this happening every day! Imagine bombs tearing the limbs of your children, imagine seeing 1, 2, 3, 4 or more of your children laid out on the floor looking at you, fear stuck on their face, lifeless, not breathing, some seeming at peace, others ravaged by shrapnel, eyes missing, hands burnt, intestines slowly sliding out of an open wound, head missing, bits of their skull missing, imagine seeing your child in hospital screaming, crying, suffering, looking at you with pleading eyes, begging eyes to help take the pain away, imagine knowing there is nothing you can do because illegal weaponry like white phosphorus was cooking their insides.

just imagine what you would do!

Would you worry about your bills? Would you worry about your car, your TV, your trainers, your holiday? Would you buy the products that financed this suffering, Would you support the men and women who did this, Would you call them a defence force and the victims the terrorists? WOULD YOU?

that is EXACTLY what you are doing when you drink Coca Cola, eat a Big Mac or buy pampers for your baby and do you know about the other everyday Israeli products you purchase from which the profits gained are used to fund the suffering of the palestinian people. Do you realize the taxes that you pay feed the forces that traumatize the people of Palestine, Of course not you're more worried about not having free health care.

The people of Palestine have been robbed of their land and their freedom, the Racist Zionist state is killing innocent Palestinians using illegal chemical weapons, the governments of the world have ignored the war crimes committed by Israel, will you ignore these illegal methods and war crimes too?

Israel has been committing genocide, infanticide, and every day homicide since 1948 and the world and her citizens have been aiding and abetting and financing this! We are all complicit in the murder of the innocent! It's time to make a stand!

Anonymous, TeaMp0isoN and many other hacktivists from around the world have united, we may not be able to stop the Zionist regime, but the least we can do is raise awareness and educate people by defacing zionist websites, Operation Free Palestine is about educating the blind and terrorising the terrorist, the tables have turned, the time has come

Existence is resistance,
We are Legion.
We do not forgive.
We do not forget,
Expect us.