S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Oil Rush (c) UNIGINE Corp.

25-01-2012........Release Date - Protection..............Serial
RTS..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

"Oil Rush" is a real-time naval strategy game based on group control,
that combines strategic challenge of classic RTS with sheer fun of
Tower Defense, and features state-of-an-art visuals.

In the post-apocalyptic flooded world of 'Oil Rush' two things running
short: oil and time. The last survivors, desperately seeking to seize
control over the remaining of oil on the dying planet and crush their
enemy, have started the global naval war that turned the whole world
into a massive battlefield. Are you equal to the task of winning the
last war to end all wars? Find as you play through the 16 missions of
single-player campaign which is offering variety of tactics and
environments, from half-flooded jungles to cold northern seas. In
these harsh and cruel times, oil is thicker than blood.

Features:

State-of-an-art visuals powered by UNIGINE engine

Dynamic and fun gameplay - furious enemies, massive battles, rampant
attacks

16 missions of single-player campaign offering variety of tactics and
environments, from the half-flooded jungles to icebergs, slowly melting
as they float in the cold northern seas.

15 maps for multiplayer battles, each with multiple winning strategies

Multi-player over LAN and Internet

Multi-platform - Windows/Mac OS X/ Linux (buy once, play everywhere)

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/tgWLu.jpg


Screens:

 
http://i.imgur.com/5JdVH.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/PSmDS.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/B1kuo.jpg


ENJOY!