An alternative daily newschannel. One hour with news as you do not see it elsewhere.
 
http://www.democracynow.org

Headlines for Nov 28, 2011

-  NATO Fighter Jets, Helicopters Attack Pakistan Military Outpost Killing 24
-  Egypt: Voters Head to the Polls Following Mass Civil Unrest
-  U.N. Climate Change Conference Begins In Durban, South Africa
-  LAPD Moves in On Occupy Encampment
-  NYC Occupy Protesters Call on City to Replace Thousands of Books Lost in Raid
-  UC-Davis Students Call For General Strike to Protest Tuition Hikes
-  Arab States Impose Sanctions on Syria in Response to Violent Crackdown
-  Commission: U.S.-Backed Bahrain Government Killed, Tortured Pro-Democracy Activists
-  Five United Arab Emirates Activists Granted Presidential Pardon
-  Bhopal Disaster Survivors Call on India to Boycott Olympic Games Sponsored By Dow Chemical
-  Mexican Human Rights Attorney Calls on International Court to Investigate Deaths
-  Germany Anti-Nuke Protesters Block Train Carrying Tons of Nuclear Waste; 1,300 Detained
-  WikiLeaks Wins Major Australian Journalism Prize
-  Journalist Tom Wicker Dies at 85


Special reports

- NATO Kills 24 Pakistani Troops in 2-Hour Assault on Pakistani Base, Tensions Flare in Region

NATO helicopters and fighter jets attacked two remote Pakistani military outposts on Saturday killing at least 24 Pakistani soldiers. The air strike took place along the Afghanistan border in Pakistan's tribal district of Mohmand. Pakistan has said the attack was unprovoked, but a senior Kabul-based Western official claims NATO and Afghan forces came under fire and responded in self defense. Pakistan responded Saturday by blocking vital supply routes for U.S.-led troops in Afghanistan, and demanded the United States vacate a base used to launch drone attacks. We speak with Glenn Greenwald, constitutional law attorney and political and legal blogger for Salon.com. "We may never know what happened here. ... But what is clear is that the endless war that the United States has been engaged in since 9/11 does not seem to be in sight of ending. Quite the contrary, it seems to be escalating by the week," Greenwald says.


- Glenn Greenwald: Is Obama Fulfilling the Neocon Dream of Mass Regime Change in Muslim World?

Political blogger Glenn Greenwald recently wrote about retired General Wesley Clark's recollection of an officer telling him in the weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks that the then U.S. Secretary of Defense had issued a memo outlining a plan for regime change within five years in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Iran. We play an excerpt of Clark's comments and ask Greenwald to respond. "What struck me in listening to that video ... is that if you go down that list of seven countries that he said the neocons had planned to basically change the governments of, you pretty much see that that vision, despite the perception that we have a Democratic president and therefore the neo-conservative movement is powerless, is pretty much being fulfilled," Greenwald says.


- WikiLeaks, Julian Assange Win Major Australian Prize for "Outstanding Contribution to Journalism"

Over the weekend, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange accepted the award for Most Outstanding Contribution to Journalism at the 2011 Walkley Award in Australia, an honor akin to the Pulitzer Prize in the United States. We play an excerpt from Assange's acceptance speech and get reaction from constitutional law attorney and Salon.com blogger Glenn Greenwald. Today also marks the one-year anniversary of "Cable Gate," when WikiLeaks began publishing a trove of more than 250,000 leaked U.S. State Department cables. In related news, the U.S. Army recently scheduled a Dec. 16 pretrial hearing for Army Private Bradley Manning, the soldier accused of providing the cables to WikiLeaks. Manning "faces life in prison, possibly the death penalty, for what was an act of conscience," says Greenwald.


- Wife of Bahraini Political Prisoner Condemns U.S.-Backed Regime For Killing, Torturing Protesters

Bahrain has announced a commission to steer reforms after an inquiry found systematic rights abuse during a government crackdown on pro-democracy protests this year, but opposition parties say they will not participate in the commission. Published last week, the 500-page report outlines various abuses committed by King Hamad Bin Isa Al Khalifa's government. According to the commission, nearly 3,000 people were detained during the protests and at least 700 remain in prison. Thirty-five people are believed to have died in the unrest between February and March, and 11 more are suspected to have been killed later on. Meanwhile, 20 Bahrain doctors and nurses are being retried by a civilian court today after being convicted by a military court of trying to overthrow the government of Bahrain. Well, for more on the situation in Bahrain, Democracy Now! correspondent Anjali Kamat recently spoke to Bahraini activist Ala'a Shehabi during a trip to Cairo. She is the wife of a Bahraini political prisoner seized and jailed during the uprising.


- As Egypt Holds Vote, Journalist Mona Eltahawy Recounts Beating, Sexual Assault By Egyptian Forces

Egyptian-American journalist, Mona Eltahawy, was detained for 12 hours by Egypt's security forces last Wednesday near Cairo's Tahrir Square, during which time she was brutally beaten and sexually assaulted. She has just returned from Cairo and joins us in our studio. "So many people in Tahrir Square came up to me and would kiss my forehead, they would give me a hug and they would say, 'We're not going to let them get away.' They would say, 'We're going to snatch Egypt back from them.' I've come back with so many messages of love and support from Tahrir. I feel like Tahrir's spirit is going to help my arms heal even quicker. This is for Egypt. People have lost eyes. People have been killed, people have lost loved ones," says Eltahawy. "What happened to me is minuscule compared to that. I have a voice in the media - they don't. So I want to use that voice to get across to the world that our revolution continues." Today Egypt held its first round of parliamentary elections to elect a new, post-Mubarak government in the wake of fierce clashes between protesters and police that lasted for nine days and left at least 42 people dead and more than 3,000 wounded across the country.
 
http://www.democracynow.org
