LSoft Active@ Boot Disk Suite v5.1.3 (Live CD) (Win + DOS) - Retail

CRC32: D28E2E66
MD5: 2B30AE04D10DC230F5E558327B50A09A
SHA-1: CA9E49D6CF95034B05FAAEB6CE9EB1A614172FE2


Windows LiveCDActive@ Boot Disk (Live CD) is a powerful set of tools that will help you in a number of data recovery and data security scenarios. 

Full access to non-bootable PC 
After loading basic system files into the RAM, the Active@ Boot Disk may be removed from the CD/DVD-drive and the drive becomes available, for example for data CD/DVD burning. 
Active@ Boot Disk can be started from a CD, DVD or USB flash drive (appropriate BIOS settings required) 
Multi-boot or dual-boot functionality (DOS + Windows) NEW! 
User friendly Boot Disk Creator interface NEW! 
Boot Disk Creator allows specifying boot settings like language and network NEW! 
Boot Disk customizing: add files, drivers, scripts and change boot settings. NEW! 
Boot Disk Creator component - an utility to make a bootable CD/DVD, Flash drive or ISO image NEW!. 
Data recovery & file recovery utilities allow to recover deleted files, or recover data from deleted / damaged partitions. 
Disk data backup (Disk Image) and restore functionality. 
Create, delete and format partitions on hard disk drives, as well as USB and Floppy media 
Deleted partition recovery by using either editing partition table using low-level HEX editor, or via automated partition software. 
Reset your Windows Administrator password or  local user account’s attributes 
DoD-compliant disk erasing & wiping of free space on the PC disks. 
Securely erase data. 
Hard Disk Drive temperature and S.M.A.R.T attributes monitoring utility 
Terminal client, Web browser, Telnet & FTP Clients, and other connectivity tools 
Paint, Notepad, WordPad Calculator, Task Manager, Registry Editor, HEX editor and other PC tools 
Optimize the files to reduce time taken for read/write operations from a hard disk with Disk Defragmenter NEW! 
Network access via TCP/IP, network configurator is included 
Additional driver loading on-the-fly, or from pre-configured directories 
Data CD/DVD burning for data backup and recovery purposes 
File management – browse directories, search, copy and move files and folders 
Works with Windows Clients: NT, Win2000 Wks, XP, Vista, Windows7 
Works with Windows Servers : NT, 2000 Server, 2003, 2008 
Supports FAT12, FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS5, NTFS+EFS file systems 
Supports advanced search of deleted files 
Supports all types of Flash Memory Cards 
Supports localized and long filenames 
Supports compressed, encrypted and fragmented files on NTFS 
Supports IDE / ATA / SCSI drives 
10-days trial package can be registered and activated to commercial version (DOS, Windows, Suite) without reinstalling NEW! 
 
Active@ Data CD/DVD Burner - Burner Utility
 
Burns files and folders to CD-R, CD-RW, DVD-R, DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-RW, DL(Dual Layer) 
HD DVD-RAM, HD DVD-R ;BD-RW, BD-R, BD-RW DL, BD-R DL (Blu-ray) 
 
Active@ File Recovery - File & Folders Recovery Tool
 
Recovers deleted files from damaged, formatted, reformatted, or deleted partitions. (FAT, FAT32 and NTFS partitions) 
Two types of scan: QuickScan and SuperScan 
Extended scan detects deleted primary partitions and logical drives 
Scans partitions damaged by virus or with damaged MBR 
Recovered files and folders can be saved on any local or network drives 
Creates Disk Image for logical and physical drives - for data recovery purposes 
Opens Disk Image and recovers files from it as from regular drive 
Disk Image is created in raw format that is compatible with other utilities 
Supports Hardware RAID Arrays and Software RAID Volumes 
Virtually rebuilds damaged RAID 0 - RAID 5 Arrays. RAID data recovery 
Visible representation of file or folder recoverability 
Event log 
Supports Drag & Drop for single and multiple deleted files recovery 
File Recovery Recognizes Files Based on File Signatures
Active@ Scan technology allows you to recognize files based on file signatures for the following file types: 
Word Documents (*.DOC) 
Excel Spreadsheets ( *.XLS) 
Excel 2007 Spreadsheets (*.XLSX) 
Outlook Data Archives (*.PST) 
Word 2007 Documents (*.DOCX) 
JPEG Images (*.JPG) 
Bitmap Images (*.BMP) 
Corel Draw Files (*.CDR) 
Canon Raw Images (*.CRW;*.CR2) 
Nikon Raw Images (*.NEF) 
TIF/TIFF Images (*.TIF) 
Crystal Reports (*.RPT) 
Visio Diagrams (*.VSD) 
PowerPoint Presentations (*.PPT) 
PowerPoint 2007 Presentations (*.PPTX) 
AVI Files (*.AVI) 
WAV Files (*.WAV) 
MPG/MPEG Files (*.MPG) 
ANI Files (*.ANI) 
Zip Archives (*.ZIP) 
QuickBooks Files (*.QBW) 
Access Databases (*.MDB;*.SDW) 
 
Active@ Partition Recovery - Partition Restore Utility
 
Displays complete physical and logical drive information 
Supports IDE / ATA / SATA / SCSI drives 
Supports large (more than 128GB) size disks and volumes 
Supports FAT12, FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS5 file systems 
Detects deleted primary/extended partitions and drives 
Scans partitions damaged by virus or with damaged MBR 
Ability to preview partition files and folders before recovery 
Displays complete detected partition information as well as recoverability status 
Ability to filter detected partitions by recoverability status and detected attributes 
Displays long file names and non-English (Unicode) file names 
Creates a Raw Disk Image for disks and volumes 
Creates Backup for MBR, Partition Table, Volume Boot Sectors 
Restores MBR, Partition Table and Boot Sectors from the Backup 
Restores detected partition information back to HDD 
Corrects BOOT.INI automatically (if needed) to keep the system bootable 
Corrects Volume Boot Sectors automatically and manually to keep the partition integrity 
Allows to Fix damaged MBR and to Delete Invalid Partitions 
Performs partition recovery on-the-fly (no machine reboot is needed)

 
Active@ Disk Image - Backup Disk Image
 
Backup Disk Image
A copy of hard drives or disk partitions containing occupied sectors only 
May contain any set of hard drives & partitions as well as an exact copy of a PC 
Imaging and restoring basic or dynamic volumes 
Supports FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, CDFS, UDF file systems 
Different levels of compression 
Splitting into chunks 
Password protection 
Raw Disk Image 
A sector by sector copy of hard drives or disk partitions
Different level of compression 
Splitting into chunks 
Clone Disk 
Transferring data, sector-by-sector, from one partition or an entire disk directly to another partition or entire disk. 
Duplicate the same data to multiple hard drives 
Log Reports 
The log file contains a detailed list of actions performed during each operation.
Three log formats supported: XML logs (used internally by software), plain text log (placed along with an image) and Windows Event logs. 
 
Active@ KillDisk - Erase & Destroy Data
 
Securely overwrites and destroys all data on physical drive or logical partition 
Erases partitions, logical drives and unused disk space 
Supports IDE / ATA / SATA / SCSI hard disk drives 
Supports fixed disks, floppies, zip drives and Flash Media drives 
Supports large-sized drives (more than 128GB) 
Supports Command Line mode (can be run with no user interaction) 
Erases with one-pass zeros 
Erases with one-pass random characters 
Erases with user-defined number of passes (up to 99) 
US Department of Defense 5220.22 M compliant 
German VISTR compliant 
Russian GOST p50739-95 compliant 
Gutmann method compliant 
Customizable security levels 
Supports all detected hard disk drives 
Erasing report is created and can be saved as a file 
Displays detected drive and partition information 
Scans NTFS and FAT volumes and displays existing and deleted files and folders 
Data verification may be performed after erasing is completed 
Disk Viewer allows you to preview any sectors or file clusters on a drive
Wipes out NTFS, FAT32, FAT16 and FAT12 volumes from areas containing deleted and unused data 
Wipes out free clusters (unused by file data sectors) 
Wipes out file slack space (unused bytes in the last cluster occupied by file) 
Wipes out deleted MFT and ROOT system records 
Wipes out unused space in any MFT records and compressed clusters 
 
Active@ Disk Monitor - Monitor & Control Disk Health
 
HDD performance monitoring and control provides background hard disk performance monitoring and control over the disk's state. 
S.M.A.R.T. Technology - based on Self Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology (S.M.A.R.T.). 
Scanning Disks for Bad Sectors - able to scan and display bad sectors on a disk's surface. 
E-mail and Popup notifications - sends an e-mail or a popup notification automatically if critical conditions appear. 
S.M.A.R.T. Attributes - displays current values of S.M.A.R.T. attributes, giving the extensive information about your hard disk's state. 
Disk Information - provides detailed hard disk information such as Serial/Model Number, Number of cylinders, and so on. 
Launch at Windows startup - can be launched automatically at Windows startup and monitor the HDD(s) in the background. 
Event logs and reports - generates event log and S.M.A.R.T. reports with detailed information about disk(s) activity over the period of time.

 
Active@ Password Changer - Recover & Reset Passwords
 
Recovers passwords from multiple partitions and hard disk drives 
Detects and displays all Microsoft Security Databases (SAM) 
Displays all local users 
Displays full account information for any local user 
Resets administrator's password 
Resets user's password 
Resets "User is Disabled" flag 
Sets "Password Never Expires" flag for user's account 
Ability to change (set or clear) user's account flags: 
"User must change password at next logon", "Password never expires", "Account is disabled", "Account is locked out" 
Ability to manage logon time (Permitted logon hours) for a local user 
 
Active@ Partition Manager - Create, Format & Delete Partitions
 
Creates a partition or logical drive 
Formats a logical drive or partition (FAT16, FAT32, NTFS) 
Assigns or changes partition attributes 
Formats a Flash memory card as NTFS 
Deletes a partition or logical drive 
Creates FAT32 partitions greater than 32GB in size (up to 1Tb) 
Marks partition as active. 
Creates several partitions on a USB flash memory device 
Displays the properties of a partition, logical drive or hard drive device 
 
Other Utilities
 
Windows Task Manager 
 Monitors applications and services running, system performance and resources 
Command Prompt (cmd.exe) 
   
File Manager (Explore my Computer) 
 Copies, moves, deletes files and folders  
Diskpart.exe 
 Is a text-mode command interpreter that allows you to manage disks, partitions, or volumes from a command prompt or script. 
Drvload.exe. 
 Use the drvload command to add device drivers, such as audio, video, and motherboard chipsets, to a Windows PE image. You can also use drvload to dynamically load a driver after Windows PE has started. 
Telnet Connect 
 Connect to remote hosts in terminal session 
FTP Connect 
 Connect to remote hosts via FTP, browse, download and upload files.  
Remote Desktop Connection Client 
 Runs Microsoft Terminal Client to connect to and work with a network server remotely 
Map Network Drive 
 Connects to a shared network folder and assign a driver letter to the connection so that you can access the folder using My Computer  
View Network Status 
 Displays current IP configuration 
Release/Renew IP address 
 Runs IP Config utility to renew IP address 
Netcfg.exe 
 The network configuration tool configures network access.  
Notepad 
 Simple text editor 
WordPad 
 Text editor supporting rich text format (RTF) and Word Document formats (DOC)  
Paint 
 Image editor – open, preview, save and edit images 
System Information 
 Displays detailed information about the system 
Screenshot Maker 
 Capture the image of the current screen display and store it as a file.  
Mail Sender 
 Send the e-mail from under Active@ Boot Disk environment 
Date/Time 
 Change local Date/Time and time zone 
Display Configurator 
 Configure your current display resolution 
CheckDisk 
 Execute standard chkdsk.exe utility with set of options that allow you to detect and fix bad sectors, or file clusters 
Calculator 
 Simple handy calculator 
Local Registry editor 
 Search for local registry on HDDs, attach and view/edit them to repair some registry problems manually 
Localization Support 
 Add your local keyboard layout, type in using your native language  
Web Browser 
 Easy-to-use and simple web browser  
 
http://lsoft.net/bootdisk.aspx
 
