presenting s n e a k _ s h o t



release date:26-08-2011

cover link:http://www.postimg.com/image/46000/photo-45363.jpg





description:


The story is about Jackson, a former American soldier recruited by an enigmatic organization called "The Network", who has normally resolved conflicts between the States where even the UN could not. Over time, Jackson realizes that wars are caused by some mysterious individuals. Concept art of the game revealed Jackson's appearance to be heavily based on actor Chris Pine.


Gameplay

The game will be set in first-person. One of the main features is environment destructibility; nearly everything in the game is expected to be destructible. Environments and most of everything in them will be destroyed realistically, creating a dynamically-changing playing environment. By scoring kills, the player can unlock deadly power-ups such as air strikes that further decimate the environment. There will be a unique cover system where the player will have near complete freedom while in cover. Multi-player will be a feature with Team Deathmatches being mentioned. Co-op will also be an available feature in the game.



Bodycount rips apart the first person shooter as genre-defining gunplay comes alive in a balletic orgy of bullets and destruction.




 Experience the intense thrill of close-quarters combat in a shreddable world as Bodycount blasts outrageous fire-fights and ferocious action from both barrels. Become a powerful combat asset green-lighted to eliminate enemies known only as 'Targets' on behalf of the 'Network', ensnared in a clandestine global power struggle that rages away from the headlines and under the cover of conventional war zones. 




 This exhilarating shooter drops players into chaotic areas of operations equipped with a mouth-watering selection of contemporary weapons to tear through environments and enemies, chaining kills, earning power ups and building up a bullet meter to unleash devastating air strikes on enemies. 
 Complimented by co-operative online play and multiplayer modes, Bodycount will set new standards for spectacular, visceral gun play and put the fun back into the FPS.



languages:english,espanol...etc



thanks to:     ArShAd



seed comment n enjoy...!!!