Hi there
another new great stuff for all French speakers .
This is the new iso from MSDN/Technet as DVD retail.
This new version of Windows 7 SP1 x86 French is normaly the "Ultimate" edition
This explain why this file is still named : ultimate.
However like my previous torrent about,i removed the "ei.cfg" from the source folder from the DVD itself .
That means you will be able to choose between all edition except "Enterprise" edition then.
Home Basic/Home Premium/Pro/Ultimate
Except this change i made about,this file is absolutely untouched.
Original iso directly from MSDN/Technet and dated from April 12
and delivered such as.
it is the second edition of this file;
first edition of this file was from 21 November 2010.(see my previous torrent)

for now more details about this torrent :

Original file...

SHA1 : 5370BB44F497E1B19114C7CF70F5CDEF9F3A2582

ISO/CRC : 4AA2D9BB

file name : fr_windows_7_ultimate_with_sp1_x64_dvd_u_677299.iso

updated version from : 2011/04/12___________12 mai 2011

Final version then.


This media refresh includes the installation hotfix described in KB Article 2534111. No other changes have been made to the product.  
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2534111

As usual use fast up speed,please ! i work better in cooperative mod with that.
All peers with an ip starting by 41. must use utorrent 2.2.1 only if possible.
Avoid utorrent 3 as it often seems make too much congestion on my torrent network 
to Algerian peers : set your up speed to 0 = unlimited or anyway give speed up enough,please !
most of you have a quite slow connection so give max up speed then.
Saw only 5 real good peers from your country...
Be more cooperative please !
more your internet connection is slow more you will have to give max up speed.
African peers must follow these tips as well like any other slow peers from any country.
I repeat : i cannot make some miracles so if you won't be cooperative it will be
more difficult for you as well.
Linux users :
I often have hard problems with most of you except 4-5 peers maximum
Avoid absolutely libtorrent who does not give very good results and make huge congestion.
75 % of libtorrent users have bad results...
no up in most cases and a very very poor down speed...
...
Why insisting in vain so ?
Try and switch to another torrent client then !
Torrent is more difficult to tweak on linux and i suggest to most of you to use KTorrent by far so.
please,use KTorrent or Deluge client if you can,ty !
I saw so much peers on utorrent v 3 with crap results also...
try to use older version,please !
Or i well fear you will get nothing at all...
avoid to use any proxy : crap...
VPN connection are slower,don't forget that !!!
avoid to filtering too much your ip or mask it so much...
In certain cases this will not help at all.
No crack or serial or loader is uncluded.
You can easily find all you need there on tpb.
Be patient as i don't have more than 1 meg up speed.
this may take a while for few of you to get it but don't worry it will be your soon :) 
100 % clean trustworthy and reliable. No hidden bullshits inside .
Btw,the "ei.cfg" file can be restored at anytime as well.
be sure you have enabled : forced encryption in your torrent client !!!
Some of you cannot connect sometimes to my torrents...
This is due to hard conflicts between several peers.
Be sure to be righly connected and up at the same time as well.
without giving up speed enough your chance to finish your torrent will be near of 25 % max...
Why waste your time without respecting this important tip so ?
Up is extremely important when you are downloading any torrent.
Normaly : you must finish it with a minimum ratio of 0.5
best peers finish with a ratio near of 0.75 or 1.0 or more
remember : i see that about all peers who are connected to my seed
therefore i know who is egoist and who's not...
Learn how to righly set your client with your internet connection
make a speed test also to be sure anyway.
...
this file is quite hard to grab and find,that's why i give you the nice and rare opportunity to get it.
This way i hope you'll really enjoy it .
PS: when you'll get this file check if "ei.cfg" is present again on "source" folder inside of your iso.In case it will be still present : remove it to get all edition then.
seed with me asap mates and help the other peers as well...
Big thx by advance to all seeders who will help me for.
Ty for understanding
Ty for your fidelity and trust
A nice day to all
best regards		