AlienSkin Eye Candy v6.0
KeyGen/Activator (CORE) included

Eye Candy 6 is a set of 30 Photoshop filters that elegantly handle a wide range of design tasks, 
from slick Web interfaces to tasteful logos to spectacular titles. Realistic simulation of natural phenomena gives beautifully detailed results.

Eye Candy’s simple interface makes it easy, saving you loads of time in Photoshop. 
Effects now adapt to your current image size, making for less slider adjusting. 
Over 1500 carefully designed presets are organized into categories for quick browsing.

Eye Candy is made for demanding production environments with features like CMYK mode, 
multi-core CPU acceleration, 64-bit Photoshop support, and two custom panels for Photoshop CS4 or later. 
Non-destructive editing is achieved through Photoshop Smart Filters or drawing the effect on a new layer.

[Performance.]
Under the hood, the Eye Candy rendering engine has changed significantly. 
You will notice that the filters are much faster and can run on much larger images than before. 
If you have a computer with one or more multi-core CPUs, Eye Candy will take advantage of the modern hardware to accelerate its rendering speed.

[Scaling Modes.]
Eye Candy 6 adaptively scales filter effects to the current image size, making it easy to get great looking results quickly. 
Factory settings now work better than ever in the new adaptive mode. For those who want precise control in a graphic design production environment, 
Eye Candy also supports a fixed mode, which allows the filter effects to be specified precisely in pixel units.

[Settings.]
Settings have been reorganized and now have categories. If you are new to a filter, the Settings Tour category takes you on a trip
 through the filter’s most interesting effects. The factory settings were completely remade. There are now over 1500 carefully designed 
 settings that handle a wide range of common design tasks.

[Fire.]
The Fire filter now looks more natural. Sharp edges have been smoothed to look more like realistic gaseous flames.

[Panels.]
Panels for Photoshop CS4 are provided for starting Eye Candy filters with a single click and for quickly creating attractive buttons. 	

[system requirements]
Microsoft Windows users must have at least a Pentium 4 processor or compatible and Windows XP or later. 
Apple Macintosh users must have a PowerPC G5 or Intel processor and Mac OS X 10.5 
or later. 
A monitor with 1024x768 resolution or greater is required.

Install Notes:

1. Run the installer
2. Uncheck "Register on line" click OK
3. By the first use, Eye Candy Asks for a serial,
4. Run the KeyGen, to generate a serial,
5. Copy the serial and paste in EyeCandy register box
6. Copy license code from EyeCandy reg.box and paste in KeyGen
7. Click Activate, copy the activate code, and paste into EyeCandy reg.box
   and click Activate.
