Andersonville Trial (1970 Emmy Winner) William Shatner, George C Scott, Martin Sheen

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1157kbps 
Duration.............: 2:20:49
Resolution...........: 600*468 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 224 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,471,289,044 
Subtitles............: NONE
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065399/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Andersonville_Trial
 
http://bayimg.com/OaIMgAaDI


The Andersonville Trial was a television adaptation of a 1959 hit Broadway play by Saul Levitt, presented as an episode of PBSs 1970-71 season of Hollywood Television Theatre.

The play was based on the actual 1865 trial of Henry Wirz, played by Richard Basehart, commander of the infamous Confederate Andersonville prison, where thousands of Union prisoners died of exposure, malnutrition, and disease. A notable cast included William Shatner as the Chief JAG Prosecutor Norton Parker Chipman, Jack Cassidy (who was nominated for an Emmy) as Wirzs defense counsel, Cameron Mitchell as Lew Wallace, a Union general and the future author of Ben-Hur, and Buddy Ebsen as a Georgia physician called in to testify about the fate of many of the Union prisoners.

The television adaptation was directed by actor George C. Scott, who had played Chipman in the original stage version.

In Leonard Probsts 1978 compilation of celebrity interviews, Off Camera, Scott explained that what he found most difficult about playing Chipman onstage was that Henry Wirz, the defendant, came across as a tragic victim, although his negligence, according to the verdict, had a great deal to do with the deplorable conditions at Andersonville, and Scott found it very difficult to deal with the fact that the audience was compelled to dislike Chipman, who was, essentially, the hero of the piece.

The TV production of the play won 1971 Emmy Awards for Outstanding Single Program, for Technical Direction and Electronic Camerawork, and for Levitts adaptation. It was also honored with a Peabody Award.

William Shatner as Lt. Col. Norton P. Chipman
Cameron Mitchell as Maj. Gen. Lew Wallace
Richard Basehart as Capt. Henry Wirz
Jack Cassidy as Otis Baker
Martin Sheen as Capt. Williams
Buddy Ebsen as Dr. John Bates
Albert Salmi as James Gray
John Anderson as Ambrose Spencer
Michael Burns as James Davidson
Woodrow Parfrey as Louis Schade
Harry Townes as Col Chandler
Whit Bissell as Dr. Ford
Alan Hale, Jr. as court-martial board member
Ian Wolfe as court-martial board member
Ford Rainey as court-martial board member
Lou Frizzell as Jasper Culver (Frizzell was the only member of the original Broadway cast to appear in the TV-movie)


NOTE - For a 1996 TV movie about the Andersonville Prison Camp, check out this torrent:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5616492/Andersonville[1996].DVDRip.avi


For information about the camp, try this:
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andersonville_prison

The Andersonville prison, officially known as Camp Sumter, served as a Confederate Prisoner-of-war camp during the American Civil War. The site of the prison is now Andersonville National Historic Site in Andersonville, Georgia. Most of the site actually lies in extreme southwestern Macon County, adjacent to the east side of Andersonville. It includes the site of the Civil War prison, the Andersonville National Cemetery and the National Prisoner of War Museum. In all, 12,913 of the approximately 45,000 Union prisoners died there because of starvation, malnutrition, diarrhea, and disease.
