 http://www.amazon.com/Peoples-History-World-Stone-Millennium/dp/1844672387

URGENT, PLS, 
SEED, SEED, SEED ALL, ALL, ALL ...  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/UnviolentPeacemaker/ TPB uploads.  
SOON I MAY BE PREVENTED.  DO IT.  
KEEP THESE TORRENTS ALIVE.  
Thanks.  
All of them.

-------------

NOTE:  Read by the excellent ATT voice. Dont like it?  Dont 

download it. Dont complain.  Dont get in the way of serious 

citizens.

-------------

Review
'I have had many people ask me if there is a book which does 

for world history what my book A People's History of the United 

States does for this country. I always responded that I know of 

only one book that accomplishes this extremely difficult task, 

and that is Chris Harman's A People's History of the World. It 

is an indispensable volume on my reference bookshelf.' (Howard 

Zinn )

'The left ... has few accounts which convey as well as this 

book does the broad sweep of human history.' (Robin Blackburn )
Product Description

The only comprehensive 'bottom up' history of the world from 

the earliest human society to the twenty-first century.

Chris Harman describes the shape and course of human history as 

a narrative of ordinary people forming and re-forming complex 

societies in pursuit of common human goals. Interacting with 

the forces of technological change as well as the impact of 

powerful individuals and revolutionary ideas, these societies 

have engendered events familiar to every schoolchild—from the 

empires of antiquity to the world wars of the twentieth 

century.

In a bravura conclusion, Chris Harman exposes the reductive 

complacency of contemporary capitalism, and asks, in a world 

riven as never before by suffering and inequality, why we 

imagine that it can—or should—survive much longer. Ambitious, 

provocative and invigorating, A People's History of the World 

delivers a vital corrective to traditional history, as well as 

a powerful sense of the deep currents of humanity which surge 

beneath the froth of government. 