Velvet Revolver
Contraband (2004)

Velvet Revolver began with a spring 2002 jam session that reunited ex-Guns N' Roses bandmates Slash (guitar), Duff McKagan (bass), and Matt Sorum (drums) on-stage. With the discovery that their chemistry was still going strong, the trio began pushing around some new music and auditioning singers for what became known as "the Project." Early entries included ex-Buckcherry shouter Josh Todd and Neurotica's Kelly Shaefer; both became acquainted with the cutting room floor. By early 2003, the existence of "the Project" -- and its quest for a singer -- was common knowledge, so much so that VH1 sent cameras to document the search. Dave Kushner (Wasted Youth, Dave Navarro) also joined up as second guitarist. Troubled STP-er Scott Weiland came on board next. He and the band clicked immediately and recorded a hyper piece of glitter metal for the Hulk soundtrack called "Set Me Free." By June, "the Project" had been renamed Velvet Revolver, and Weiland was officially made its lead singer, though possession charges stemming from a May bust were still outstanding. The band signed a deal with RCA and spent the rest of 2003 fitting in gigs and recording sessions around Weiland's court-ordered rehab. RCA next announced an April 2004 release for Contraband, Velvet Revolver's full-length debut; the date was then pushed to May, and finally to June. That spring, Weiland labored through court dates and recovery as Slash and Duff did advance press for Contraband, and fan anticipation for the album grew. VR also released the single "Slither," a rabid, ambitious rocker guided by Slash's signature guitar sound. The single sidled steadily up the active rock charts, and when Contraband finally dropped, it was to general appreciation for its mix of STP and GNR signatures and its surprising turn toward hedonistic maturity. Velvet Revolver's sophomore effort, Libertad, followed in 2007. 

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Source:			Retail CD
Genre:			Rock
M3U Playlist:		Yes

01.Sucker Train Blues
02.Do It For The Kids
03.Big Machine
04.Illegal I Song
05.Spectacle
06.Fall To Pieces
07.Headspace
08.Superhuman
09.Set Me Free
10.You Got No Right
11.Slither
12.Dirty Little Thing
13.Loving The Alien


It's another clean & crisp CD rip. Enjoy!
