Technodrome - The ultimate dance experience, Dalvennan shooting ground, Kirkmichael, Ayrshire,  8pm-8am. 
	

	
More Info

DJ\'s:  Dave Angel, Andy Carroll, Marc Smith, Carl Cox, Fabio, Mickey Finn, Lenny Dee, Shack, Frankie Bones and Frankie Valentine
PA\'s:  N-Joi, Shades of Rhythm, Fierce Ruling Diva, Masquerade and TTF.

Once I saw a flyer for a Raindance flyer which read \" I Heard the Bass, then I felt it!  I saw the lights in the sky then, I turned the corner,  the sight that met my eyes made my heart beat..... wildly!!!\"  But on the night of Saturday 5th October 1991 it could have been me who said these words as our coach slowly approached the venue for TECHNODROME\'s ultimate dance  experience in the Ayrshire hills after our hour or so journey from Airdrie.

I\'d only been raving for 4 or 5 month\'s and I\'d never seen anything like this! As we approached the entrance there seemed to be thousands of ravers just flooding through the gates, no searches here just a quick glance at your ticket from the security as the old bill complete with sniffer dogs looked on!

Once in a slight problem became apparent, mud!...and lots of it, though none of the other 17,499 ravers seemed to bother so it wasn\'t going to bother me. The promoters had put down tons of straw to try to soak up some of the mud and it was like walking on the moon (or was that just something i\'d ate?)

Once in we made our way to the massive marquee at the back of the site, inside the marquee was a massive sound rig ,the loudest I\'d ever heard plus awesome lighting and skywriting laser rig along side two massive video screens. The sounds pumping out seemed to be mostly hardcore techno such as the early R&S/Beltram stuff which the crowd were going for big time!

After a while we decided to explore the rest of the site. Out by the fairground was a smaller marquee with a more modest sound and light system. The music in here was also hardcore. We didn\'t stay in this one to  long as a punter we met told us there was another THIRD hardcore arena at the other side of the event so we set off to check it out! On our arrival at the third arena we could hardly get into it as it was rammed however once  inside we didn\'t want to leave as Scotland\'s No1 Marc Smith was rocking the show along side MC Man Parris. This  third arena was not like the others as it was a small barn type building and seemed to be getting more full by the minute, so back to the main marquee for us!

Back inside the main marquee the party was in full swing. What an atmosphere! Nothing like I\'d ever experienced before! We stayed inside this marquee the rest of the night as it was pumping to the sounds of the UK\'s top  Djs such as Carl Cox, Grooverider, Fabio as well as top notch Pa\'s from N-Joi  and Shades of rhythm!

Alas 8am came round all to quick and as we left we couldn\'t wait till Technodrome touched down in Scotland for there next event. However even though flyers were handed out for there next event, due to take place at the 6000 capacity Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh later that year, Technodrome  would never hold a massive party like this again though the following year they did hold a smaller event at evolution in Hull.

Fastbuck