A cracker from the opening day of the new season played at Twickenham in front of a 75000 crowd.

Wasps have named new signings Nic Berry, Riki Flutey, Richard Haughton and Andy Powell in their team to face Harlequins at Twickenham. All four slot straight into the line-up for the London Double Header in front of over 70,000 fans. On the back of a successful pre-season, Director of Rugby Tony Hanks makes only two changes to the XV that secured a 36-17 win over Glasgow. Amongst the backs debutant Berry, who joined the Club from Racing Metro, comes in for Joe Simpson who is ruled out with a tight hamstring. Berry partners with the returning Flutey, named at fly-half, whilst a strong centre partnership of Waldouck and Jacobs is complemented with wingers Haughton and Varndell. Mark Van Gisbergen is named at full-back and also acts as first choice kicker. In the pack, John Hart has been ruled out late with a shoulder injury and makes way for Powell who pulls on black and gold for the first time since signing with the Club in July. A strong front row features a rejuvenated Phil Vickery, back to form after a strong pre-season and recovery from a neck injury which limited game time last season. Club stalwarts Birkett, Shaw and Worsley, with a staggering 826 Club appearances between them, are named alongside Captain Rees who completes the line up. Strength and depth is also seen on the bench with regulars Broster, Taulafo, Betsen, Ward-Smith and Walder joining young guns Tom Lindsay, Jack Wallace and new signing scrum half Charlie Davies. "Whilst we still have a couple of niggles and feel the frustration of players like Joe Simpson (hamstring), John Hart (shoulder) and Christian Wade (wrist) who were all very much in contention for this game, we are confident in the depth of this squad and look forward to seeing our new signings mark a make alongside our regulars," said Hanks.

Meanwhile, Ceri Jones will celebrate his 200th appearance for Quins. He has been handed the honour of running the team out by new captain Chris Robshaw. The 23-man squad boasts an impressive array of English talent with 13 of the starting line-up, and 7 of the bench, all being available to Martin Johnson. Ollie Kohn not only celebrates a return to Premiership rugby, having been sidelined by injury since 1st April 2009, but also the birth of his first child, Beatrice Honey Kohn, who was born on Thursday. Chris Brooker makes a return to the Premiership and to the starting line-up after injury and he joins Jones and Mark Lambert in the front row. Tomas Vallejos will make his Premiership debut when he partners Kohn in the second row and the formidable back row of Robshaw, Skinner and Easter will once again be looking to cause havoc amongst the Wasps defence. In the backs, Danny Care and Nick Evans will be looking to reproduce the scintillating partnership of the last couple of seasons and the young English centre pairing of Jordan Turner-Hall and George Lowe will be determined to show both the Premiership and Martin Johnson what they can do. The bench is also strong, with former Falcons player Pete Browne hoping to make his Premiership debut for Quins, along with British Lion, Ollie Smith, who returns after two years with Montpellier.

Form: London Wasps have won their last three encounters with Harlequins and have also won on both previous occasions that the clubs have met at Twickenham. Wasps' record in previous London Double Headers is won 3, lost 3. Wasps become only the second team after Leicester Tigers to play in 300 Premiership matches, with Wasps record in the competition standing at won 176, drawn 12, lost 111. Harlequins' record in previous London Double Headers is won 2, lost 3. 'Quins are winless in their last three visits to Twickenham, since their 24-21 victory over Saracens there in September 2008.

The teams:

Wasps: 15 Mark Van Gisbergen, 14 Richard Haughton, 13 Ben Jacobs, 12 Dom Waldouck, 11 Tom Varndell, 10 Riki Flutey , 9 Nic Berry, 8 Andy Powell, 7 Tom Rees (c), 6 Joe Worsley, 5 Richard Birkett, 4 Simon Shaw, 3 Phil Vickery, 2 Rob Webber, 1 Tim Payne.
Replacements: 16 Tom Lindsay, 17 Zak Taulafo , 18 Ben Broster, 19 Dan Ward-Smith, 20 Serge Betsen, 21 Charlie Davies, 22 Dave Walder, 23 Jack Wallace.

Harlequins:15 Mike Brown, 14 Tom Williams, 13 George lowe, 12 Jordan Turner-Hall, 11 Ugo Monye, 10 Nick Evans, 9 Danny Care, 8 Nick Easter, 7 Will Skinner, 6 Chris Robshaw (c), 5 Tomas Vallejos, 4 Ollie Kohn, 3 Mark Lambert, 2 Chris Brooker, 1 Ceri Jones.
Replacements: 16 Matt Cairns, 17 Joe Marler, 18 James Johnston, 19 Pete Browne, 20 Tom Guest, 21 Karl Dickson, 22 Rory Clegg, 23 Ollie Smith.

Date: Saturday, September 4
Venue: Twickenham, London
Kick-off: 16:30 BST (15:30 GMT)
Referee: Chris White 