MALCOLM X A LIFE OF REINVENTION
Author :Manning Marable
Published:  April 4, 2011
Publisher: Viking Adult;
ISBN-10: 0670022209
Pages: 608
Format:epub

On Feb. 21, 1965, revolutionary Black nationalist leader Malcolm X was assassinated while making a speech at the Audubon Ballroom in Harlem, N.Y. He was only 39 years old. To this day, it is still widely believed throughout progressive sectors that the U.S. government was very much behind his death.


Of the great figure in twentieth-century American history perhaps none is more complex and controversial than Malcolm X. Constantly rewriting his own story, he became a criminal, a minister, a leader, and an icon, all before being felled by assassins' bullets at age thirty-nine. Through his tireless work and countless speeches he empowered hundreds of thousands of black Americans to create better lives and stronger communities while establishing the template for the self-actualized, independent African American man. In death he became a broad symbol of both resistance and reconciliation for millions around the world. 


Manning Marable's new biography of Malcolm is a stunning achievement. Filled with new information and shocking revelations that go beyond the Autobiography, Malcolm X unfolds a sweeping story of race and class in America, from the rise of Marcus Garvey and the Ku Klux Klan to the struggles of the civil rights movement in the fifties and sixties. Reaching into Malcolm's troubled youth, it traces a path from his parents' activism through his own engagement with the Nation of Islam, charting his astronomical rise in the world of Black Nationalism and culminating in the never-before-told true story of his assassination. Malcolm X will stand as the definitive work on one of the most singular forces for social change, capturing with revelatory clarity a man who constantly strove, in the great American tradition, to remake himself anew.

William Manning Marable (May 13, 1950 – April 1, 2011) was an American professor of public affairs, history and African-American Studies at Columbia University. Marable founded and directed the Institute for Research in African-American Studies. Marable authored several texts and was active in progressive political causes. At the time of his death, Marable had completed a biography of human rights activist Malcolm X, entitled Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention. 
Books

How Capitalism Underdeveloped Black America (1983) Race, Reform and Rebellion (1991) 
Beyond Black and White (1995) 
Speaking Truth to Power: Essays on Race, Resistance, and Radicalism (1996) 
Black Liberation in Conservative America (1997) 
Black Leadership (1998 ) 
Let Nobody Turn Us Around (2000) 
Freedom: A Photographic History of the African American Struggle (with Leith Mullings and Sophie Spencer-Wood, 2002) 
The Great Wells of Democracy: The Meaning of Race in American Life (2003) 
W. E. B. DuBois: Black Radical Democrat (2005)
The Autobiography of Medgar Evers (2005, with Myrlie Evers-Williams) 
Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention (2011) 

