The purpose of this web site is to provide you with an introduction to a series of devices which have been shown to have very interesting properties and some are (incorrectly) described as 'perpetual motion' machines.

What's that you say - perpetual motion is impossible?   My, you're a difficult one to please.   The electrons in the molecules of rock formations have been spinning steadily for millions of years without stopping - at what point will you agree that they are in perpetual motion?

So, why don't electrons run out of energy and just slow down to a standstill?   Quantum Mechanics has shown that the universe is a seething cauldron of energy with particles popping into existence and then dropping out again.   If E = mC2, then we can see that a tremendous amount of energy is needed to create any form of matter.   Scientists remark that if we could tap even a small part of that energy, then we would have free energy for our lifetime.

The Law of Conservation of Energy is undoubtedly correct when it shows that more energy cannot be taken out of any system than is put into that system.   However, that does not mean that we cannot get more energy out of a system than we put into it.   A crude example is a solar panel in sunlight.   We get electrical power out of the panel but we do not put the sunlight into the panel - the sunlight arrives on its own.   This example is simple as we can see the sunlight reaching the solar panel.

If, instead of the solar panel, we had a device which absorbs some of the energy which Quantum Mechanics observes and gives out, say, electrical power, would that be so different?   Most people say "yes! - it is impossible!" but this reaction is based on the fact that we cannot see this sea of energy.   Should we say that a TV set cannot possibly work because we cannot see a television transmission signal?

Many people have produced devices and ideas for tapping this energy.   The energy is often called "Zero-Point Energy" because it is the energy which remains when a system has its temperature lowered to absolute zero.   This presentation is introductory information on what has already been achieved in this field: devices which output more power than they require to run.   This looks as if they contradict the Law of Conservation of Energy, but they don't, and you can see this when you take the zero-point energy field into account.

The material on this web site describes many different devices, with diagrams, photographs, explanations, pointers to web sites, etc.   As some of the devices need an understanding of electronic circuitry, a simple, step-by-step instruction course in electronics is also provided in Chapter 12.   This can take someone with no previous knowledge of electronics, to the level where they can read, understand, design and build the type of circuits used with these devices.

This is a very interesting field and the topic is quite absorbing once you get past the "it has to be impossible" attitude.   We were once told that it would be impossible to cycle at more than 15 mph as the wind pressure would prevent the cyclist from breathing.   Do you want to stay with that type of 'scientific' expert?   Have some fun - discover the facts.

There are many, many interesting devices and ideas already on the web.   This site does not mention them all by any means.   What it does, is take some of what are in my opinion, the most promising and interesting items, group them by category, and attempt to describe them clearly and without too many technical terms.   If you are not familiar with electronics, then some items may be difficult to understand.   In that case, I suggest that you start with Chapter 12 and go through it in order, moving at whatever speed suits you, before examining the other sections.   I hope you enjoy what you read.




Note: When you have finished reading any of the sections shown below, use the 'Back' button of your browser to return to this page.   You will need Version 7.0 or later of the Adobe 'Acrobat' reader to display these sections. It can be downloaded free from: here


THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THIS WEB SITE IS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO PERFORM EXPERIMENTS OR CONSTRUCT ANY DEVICE, YOU DO SO WHOLLY ON YOUR OWN RESPONSIBILITY -- NEITHER THE COMPANY HOSTING THIS WEB SITE, NOR THE SITE DESIGNER ARE IN ANY WAY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR ACTIONS OR ANY RESULTING LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY DESCRIPTION, SHOULD ANY OCCUR AS A RESULT OF WHAT YOU DO.


The main information on this web site has been gathered together into a standard book format.   You can download the main set of information, including the patents, as an eBook, using this link eBook Release 18.4.   The document contains some 2,200 pages and has a file size of about 32 Mb which means that it will take some time to download.   It is also possible to use a background download from fileFactory.   Alternatively, you can pick individual chapters as you wish.   May I suggest that you store anything you download on your local drive as web sites do not remain in place for ever.   The last few updates to this document are listed here. This eBook gets updated once per week on average, so I suggest that you download an updated copy say, once per month.



Contents   eBook Index: An explanation of the background followed by a general index, an index of devices and an index of the people and devices mentioned. HTML



Introduction   Newcomer's Introduction: A quick guide to what Free-Energy is all about, explaining the basics. HTML  




Chapter 1   Magnet Power: The Wang magnet motor, the Ecklin-Brown motor-generator, Howard Johnson's magnet motor, the 'Carousel' magnet motor, Robert Tracy's magnet motor, Ben Teal's electromagnetic motor, the Jines magnet motor, Stephen Kundel's magnet motor, Charles Flynn's magnet motor, the Steorn magnetic device, George Soukup's magnet motor, Dietmar Hohl's magnet motor, the Muammer Yildiz magnet motor patent, Steele Braden's magnetic track, Emil Hartman's magnetic track, Howard Johnson's magnetic track, the shielded twin-rotor idea, Don Kelly's magnet motor patent and Mike Brady's 'Perendev' Magnet Motor. size 1.0 Mb, 14 Mar 2011 HTML



Chapter 2   Moving Pulsed Systems: The Adams motor/generator, the Phemax self-powered motor/generator, Raymond Kromrey's No-drag Generator, Teruo Kawai's motor, self-powered 800 watt generator, the Muller motor, the RotoVerter, Raoul Hatem's free-energy rotor system, Phil Wood's energy pick-up, Phil Wood's DC motor RotoVerter modification, the David Kousoulides energy pick-up system, Mark Wesling's five-rotor generator concept and Art Porter's magnetic motor system. size 1.3 Mb, 6 Jan 2011 HTML



Chapter 3   Motionless Pulsed Systems: Graham Gunderson's Solid-state Electric Generator, Charles Flynn's magnetic power enhancement system, Lawrence Tseung's magnetic frame, Thane Hines' dual toroid magnetic frame, Dietmar Wehr's Y-frame motionless generator idea, the Annis/Eberly Motionless Generator, the Richard Willis COP>1 generator, TheGuru2You's self-powered electrical generator, Floyd Sweet's VTA, Dan Davidson's acoustic generator, the Pavel Imris optical amplifier, Michael Ognyanov's self-powered power pack, the Meyer-Mace Isotopic Generator, the Colman/Seddon-Gilliespie generator, Hans Coler's passive device, Don Smith's "Resonance Energy Methods", Kwang-jeek Lee's power amplification system, Tariel Kapaladze's self-powered electrical generator, Meguer Kalfaian's Electron-spin power generator and Stan Meyer's Particle Generator patent. size 1.9 Mb, 15 Mar 2011 HTML



Chapter 4   Gravitational Pulsed Systems: Lawrence Tseung's pulsed wheel, Lawrence Tseung's Impact gravity wheel, Chas Campbell's pulsed flywheel, John Bedini's pulsed flywheel, James Hardy's water-jet generator, the Magnetic Pendulum, Jerzy Zbikowski's Chain Drive, Gravitational Effects, Mikhail Dmitriev's gravity wheel, the Dale Simpson gravity wheel, the Veljko Milkovic pendulum/lever system, the Dale Simpson hinged-plate system, Amr Al-Hossary's gravity wheel and the Murilo Luciano gravity chain. size 1 Mb, 21 Mar 2011 HTML




Chapter 5   Energy-Tapping Pulsed Systems: Frank Prentice's electrical power accumulator, Dave Lawton's cold electricity water-splitter cell, John Bedini's pulsed battery charger, the Tesla Switch, Dave Lawton's cold electricity lightbulb, Bob Boyce's COP=12 energy tapping toroid, Don Smith's devices, Steven Mark's TPU, a Nikola Tesla patent, the Ed Gray power tube, Radiant Energy waves, Nikola Tesla's experiments, Don Smith information, the Alberto Molina-Martinez generator, Alfred Hubbard's device, Joseph Cater's device, Floyd Sweet's VTA, Rosemary Ainslie's heater design, Joseph H. Cater's self-powered generator and Dr Oleg Gritskevitch's 1.5 MW generator. size 1 Mb, 15 Mar 2011 HTML




Chapter 6   Battery-Charging Pulsed Systems: John Bedini's pulsed systems, battery information from Ronald Knight, Ron Pugh's battery charger build, a self-charging battery pulser, the fan pulse charger, the automotive pulse charger, the self-charging motor, the Alexkor battery charger, the one-battery pulse charger and the Tesla Switch. size 841 Kb, 9 Mar 2011 HTML





Chapter 7   Aerial Systems: Nikola Tesla's Aerial Plate System, a recent replication of Tesla's Aerial Plate System, Thomas Henry Moray's system, Moray King's circuit suggestions, Hermann Plauston's systems, Roy Meyer's device, Raymond Phillips' RF to DC aerial system and the 'Alexkor' aerial system. size 342 Kb, 9 Mar 2011 HTML



Chapter 8   Fuel-less Engines: The energy in air, Bob Teal's compressed air engine, Scott Robertson's thoughts on putting low-pressure air into a tank of high-pressure air, the Leroy Rogers compressed-air vehicle engine adaption, the Vortex Tube, the Eber Van Valkinberg compressed fluids engine, the Clem engine, Vortex analysis by Prof. Evert, the Josef Papp engine, the Robert Britt engine, the Michael Eskeli turbines, the water-jet generator and the Cahill / Scott generator. size 474 Kb, 2 Aug 2010 HTML



Chapter 9   Passive Systems: Hans Coler's device, Thomas Trawoeger's pyramid, Karel Drbal's pyramid, James Brock's pyramids, Verne Cameron's pyramid transmission technique, the Pancake coil, Peter Grandic's patent, Les Brown's pyramid information, Joseph Cater's explanation of how all pyramids work, Pier Ighina's passive energy devices, the Joe Cell, Bill Williams' design and recent analytical advances, co-ax cable electrets and Joseph H. Cater's free-energy box. size 1.1 Mb 17 Oct 2010 HTML



Chapter 10   Vehicle Systems: The HydroStar and HydroGen designs, running an engine on water alone, Hydroxy Boosters, electrolyser design, the 'Hogg' electrolyser, Pulse Width Modulation current control, Dave Lawton's replication of Stan Meyer's Water Fuel Cell water-splitter, Dave Lawton's circuits and construction details, pipe-tuning details, Dr Cramton's low-power water-splitting, Stan Meyer's water injection system, Peter Lowrie's hydroxy system, mpg improvement through cam timing, the Firestorm spark plug, Ted Ewert's Vortex Turbine, Water Vapour Injection systems, the Ram Implosion Wing, Fuelsavers, high mpg carburettors, Vortex fuel reformers and the weird nature of water. size 1.4 Mb, 15 Mar 2011 HTML



Chapter 11  Other Devices: Nikola Tesla's power from air system, Dr. Harold Apsden's Electrical Power Generating Apparatus patent, Our Energy Future, Paulo and Alexandra Correa's conversion of Longitudinal Electromagnetic Waves to ordinary electricity, Prof. Constantin Meyl's scalar wave information, Nikola Tesla's MHD device, the effects of the Zero-Point Energy field, John R. R, Searle's self-powered garvitational device, construction details for Dave Lawton's gravity wave detector, the Butch Lafonte motor/generator, the Joseph Newman motor, the differences between Maxwell and Heaviside, Daniel Cook's electrical generator, Michael Eskeli's work-free heater design, Karl Schapeller's Device, Condensation-induced water hammer, William Hyde's COP=10 electrostatic power generator and Joseph Cater's scientific information. size 1.5 Mb, 9 Mar 2011 HTML



Chapter 12   Electronics Tutorial: Simple descriptions of Voltage, resistors, capacitors, current flow, multimeters, transistor circuits, sensor systems, relays, diodes, transistor testing circuits, Power Supply Units, AC, DC, rectification, the SCR, the triac, the opto-isolator, LEDs, chokes, transformers, the Schmitt Trigger, solenoids, RF detection, coil impedance, the diode bridge, multivibrators, inverters, truth tables, the 7414 chip, NAND gates, latches, bistables, gating, the 4093 chip, prototype construction, the 4011, the Darlington pair, using a gate as an amplifier, the 555 chip, the 741 chip, op-amps and comparators, a simple, versatile, Schmitt inverter signal generator, the CD4022BC chip, the CD4017B with divide-by-25 example, programming the PIC chip, capacitors, AC current in coils, resonance, constructing prototypes, test equipment and how to build it, and 'the weird stuff'. size 847 Kb, 13 Jan 2011 HTML



Chapter 13   Doubtful Devices: Paul Baumann's Thestatika, Michael Faraday's Homopolar Generator (or the N-Machine), the Borderland Science AC version of the N-machine, the Romag and Mini-Romag, Cold Fusion, Moller's Atomic Hydrogen Generator, Muammer Yildiz's 'Ocean Star' electrical generator, Jesse McQueen's 'Internal Energy-generating Power Source', the 'D18' Nitro Cell, the HydroStar and HydroGen systems, Hydrogen from Aluminium, Francois Cornish's system, Ultrasonic Water-splitting, Tom Bearden's Motionless Electromagnetic Generator, Dave Lawton's assymetric MEG and Valeri Ivanov's Motionless Generator. size 689 Kb, 12 Oct 2010 HTML



Chapter 14   Renewable-Energy Devices: Efficient solid-fuel burners, Stan Meyer's hydroxy gas burner system, the Kim heaters, the Eugene Frenette heater, the Eugene Perkins heater, the multi-disc heater, the Peter Davey heater, the simple home-build windmill design from Dan Bartmann and Dan Fink, Frank Herbert's high-efficiency windmill, the 'Power Plant for Caravans' from Claude Mead and William Holmes, the easy-build Solar Funnel cooker, water and milk pasteurisation, the Solar Funnel as a Cooler, the Solar Puddle, the 'Easy-Lid Cooker', drinking water systems, solar sills, Elmer Grimes' high-volume drinking water from air, the Chalice Courneya water from air system, Toribio Bellocq's well-pumping system, Richard Dickinson's well-pumping system, Arthur Bentley's well-pumping system, the self-powered Ram Pump, wave power systems, solar icemaking, Einstein's refrigeration through heating and solar panels. size 1.4 Mb, 5 Dec 2010 HTML



Chapter 15   The current situation: why free-energy devices are not yet on sale in your local shop. How to get out of debt: the situation in the UK, the deception of "Joinder", the deception of "Notice", the deception of "Includes", the deception of "Summons", the deception of the "Name", the deception of the "Birth Certificate", the deception of "Registration", the "Government" is actually a company, meet your "strawman", what the police can and can't do, the situation in America, economic hit-men and their actions, the techniques used against you, the resulting consequences, research material and the practical situation and what you can do about it. size 287 Kb, 9 Mar 2011 HTML



Chapter 16   A selection of Questions asked by readers and the Answers provided. Topics: What Should I Build? with opinions expressed on more than 90 devices, Electrolysis, Magnet Motors, Don Smith's Devices and General Queries and magnetic heater details. size 515 Kb, 6 Feb 2011 HTML



The last few updates to the eBook are listed here.

Appendix Part 1 The Appendix is part of the eBook and is normally downloaded with it. However, there have been one or two requests for it to be available as a separate download, so here is Part 1 which is 4 Mb in size and which contains:
a table of wire sizes, their diameter, current-carrying capacity, frequency limits, etc.
Frank Fecera’s permanent magnet motor patent
Howard Johnson’s permanent magnet motor patent
Harold Ewing’s Carousel permanent magnet-generator patent
The Pavel Imris minimal power lighting system patent
The Colman/Seddon-Gillespie 70-year battery patent
The Jon Sok An Lenz-less electrical generator patent
The Molina Martinez self-powered electrical generator patent
Michael Ognyanov’s solid-state electrical generator patent
Edwin Gray’s electric motor patent
Edwin Gray’s electric power supply patent
The Adams-Aspden electrical motor-generator patent
William Barbat’s self-powered electrical generator patent
John Reardon’s AC generator patent
Geoffrey Spence’s self-powered electrical generator patent
Robert Alexander’s COP = 2.93 electrical generator patent
Shigeaki Hayasaka’s electrical generator patent
Larry Jamison’s electrical generator patent application
Teruo Kawai’s COP>1 electric motor patent
Joseph Newman’s Energy Generator patent
Philip Brody’s very high output ceramic solar devices patent
Charles Flynn’s controlled magnetic devices patent
The Motionless Electromagnetic Generator patent
Dan Davidson’s acoustic-magnetic electrical generator patent
John Bedini’s battery-charging patent
John Bedini’s motor-generator patent and
John Bedini’s pulse-charging system patent.
Background download

Appendix Part 2 Size 4 Mb, containing:
Richard Weir and Carl Nelson’s battery replacement patent
Hermann Plauston’s aerial power systems patent
Roy Meyers’ Electricity-producing device patent
Paulo and Alexandra Correa’s free-electricity patent
Paulo and Alexandra Correa’s energy conversion patent
The Mead-Nachamkin ZPE to electricity conversion patent
Stanley Meyer’s Water Fuel patent 4,936,961
Stanley Meyer’s hydrogen injection system for vehicles patent 4,389,981
Stanley Meyer’s hydrogen gas burner patent 4,421,474
Stanley Meyer’s hydrogen generation and enhancement patent 5,149,407
Stanley Meyer’s water fuel generator patent CA 2,067,735
Stanley Meyer’s WFC control circuitry patent WO 92/07861
Stephen Meyer’s water-splitting patent application 2005/0246059
Henry Puharich’s water-splitting patent 4,392,230
Shigeta Hasebe’s spiral electrolyser patent
Stephen Chambers’ hydroxy generator patent (Xogen Power Inc.)
Charles Garrett’s water carburettor patent
Archie Blue’s electrolyser patent
Ruggero Santilli’s plasma arc electrolysis patent
Chak Chang’s low-voltage, low-temperature plasma patent application.
Background download

Appendix Part 3 Size 7 Mb, containing:
Juan Aguero’s water-engine patent application
Stephen Horvath’s water-powered car patent
Christopher Eccles’ water-splitting cell patent
Spiro Spiros’ COP>1 electrolyser patent
Henry Paine’s hydroxy gas conversion patent
Boris Volfson’s gravity space-drive patent
Charles Pogue’s first high-mpg carburettor patent
Charles Pogue’s second high-mpg carburettor patent
Charles Pogue’s third high-mpg carburettor patent
Ivor Newberry’s high-mpg carburettor patent
Robert Shelton’s high-mpg carburettor patent
Harold Schwartz’s high-mpg carburettor patent
Oliver Tucker’s high-mpg carburettor patent
Thomas Ogle’s high-mpg carburettor patent
Stephen Kundel’s permanent magnet motor
Charles Flynn’s permanent magnet motor
Claude Mead and William Holmes’ wind power storage system
Richard Willis' COP>>1 electrical generator
Mark McKay's investigation into Edwin Gray's technology
Mike Brady's "Perendev" Magnet Motor patent
Donald Kelly's Magnet Motor patent
Bob Neal's Air Compressor patent
The Leroy Rogers Compressed air engine conversions
Eber Van Valkinburg's Compressed Air engine
Josef Papp's Inert Gas fuel-less engine
Robert Britt's Inert Gas fuel-less engine
Floys Sweet's "VTA" Electricity Generator theory
Meguer Kalfaian's Electricity Generator
Web links to Scientific Papers and videos. 

Source: http://www.free-energy-info.co.uk