Official Web Site:  http://mac.eltima.com/download-manager.html


Download files quickly and easily

Folx is the best download assistant for Mac.  Folx is a free download manager for Mac OS X. Its friendly interface will help you take the most of your downloads. It's not overloaded with tons of unnecessary features and is extremely easy to use. All you have to do to download files is click the link in your web browser and Folx will catch it.  By the way, Folx is a 2-in-1 app: you don't need one program for common downloads and other one to download torrents. Folx can handle both as a piece of cake.

Download with Folx instead of your web browser:

Folx can split your downloads in multiple threads, thus it is much faster. You also have an option to adjust the download and upload speed in Folx and prioritize the most important downloads by just dragging them to the top of the queue. Folx also offers auto-resuming of your downloads in case you went offline or the tracker was down, etc.

Forget about the mess by tagging your downloads:

The more you download the harder it is sometimes to find the needed files in your downloads folder. By tagging your downloads you instruct Folx to save them to folders that correspond with assigned tags using symlinks. Whenever you need to find your downloaded content, you even don't have to launch Folx, just look in your main downloads folder and follow the familiar tags structure. Assign as many tags to each download as you wish!

Search for torrents directly from Folx:

If you use Folx PRO as a torrent client you don't have to browse through multiple torrent trackers searching for particular file. Folx has wide list of torrent trackers' URLs inside and once you enter the keywords in Folx it will search through all of them and provide you with convenient list of results.

Download even faster

Use PRO version of Folx as the download accelerator for Mac - Folx PRO can split downloads in up to ten threads, which can help significantly increase the download speed.

Control speed in a smart way

In PRO version you get access to "Smart Speed Adjustment", which limits the download and upload speed AUTOMATICALLY whenever you begin using Internet more intensively.

Schedule the download tasks

In Folx PRO you can schedule the downloads and define Folx exiting behavior when downloading is finished: whether system will shut down, switch to sleeping mode or Folx will just quit.

System Requirements:

Mac OS X 10.4 and higher

--- PLEASE ---
