VA - Christmas Adagios (2001)

CD 1
Adolphe Adam
01 - Cantique de Noel for voice & orchestra "O Holy Night" – Leontyne Price, Wiener Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan
Franz Schubert
02 - Ellens Gesang III ("Ave Maria"), song for voice & piano, D. 839 (Op. 52/6) – Luciano Pavarotti, The National Philharmonic Orchestra, Kurt Herbert Adler
Harold Darke
03 - In the bleak midwinter – Rosemary Joshua, Ian Bostridge, The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields Chorus, Neville Marriner
Christmas Traditional
04 - Coventry carol: "Lully, Lulla, Thou Little Tiny Child" – The Choir of King’s College, Cambridge, David Willcocks
William James Kirkpatrick
05 - Away in a manger – Mark Tinkler, Choir Of St. John’s College, Cambridge, George Guest
Christmas Traditional
06 - Gabriel’s message (Basque Carol) – Choir of Clare College, Cambridge, Orchestra of Clare College,Cambridge, John Rutter
Johann Sebastian Bach
07 - Weihnachtsoratorium (Christmas Oratorio) Pastoral sinfonia - Academy of St. Martin in the Fields Chorus, The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Neville Marriner
Hector Berlioz
08 - L'enfance du Christ: Shepherd's farewwell – The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields Chorus, Neville Marriner
César Franck
09 - Panis angelicus – Kiri Te Kanawa, English Chamber Orchestra, Barry Rose
Johann Sebastian Bach
10 - Weihnachtsoratorium (Christmas Oratorio) Slumber aria – Marilyn Horne, Vienna Cantata Orchestra, Henry Lewis
Johannes Brahms
11 - Wiegenlied, Op.49, No.4: Lullaby – Renata Tebaldi, New Philharmonia Orchestra, Anton Guadagno
Johann Sebastian Bach
12 - O Jesu so meek (BWV493) – The Choir of King’s College, Cambridge, Simon Preston, David Willcocks
Christmas Traditional
13 - While shepherds watched – Descant and organ part by David Willcocks (1919-) – Choir Of St. John’s College, Cambridge, George Guest
Johann Sebastian Bach
14 - Cantata No. 151, Suaer Trost, mein Jesu kommt – Agnes Giebel, Deutsche Bachsolisten, Helmut Winschermann
Antonio Vivaldi
15 - Guitar Concerto, RV 93: Largo - Eduardo Fernandez, English Chamber Orchestra, George Malcolm
Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina
16 - Alma Redemptoris Mater – Julian Podger, The Monteverdi Choir, John Eliot Gardiner
Giovanni Gabrieli
17 - O magnum mysterium – John Angelo Messana, The Monteverdi Choir, John Eliot Gardiner
Pavel Chesnokov
18 - Zastupnitse userdnaya, Op.43, No.6 – St.Petersburg Chamber Choir, Nikolai Korniev
Evghenie Humulescu
19 - I will love thee, O Lord – Angela Gheorghiu, Romanian National Choir “Madrigal-Marin Constantin”, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Ion Marin
Henry John Gauntlett
20 - Once in royal David’s city, carol – Robin Barter, David Briggs, The Choir of King’s College, Cambridge, Stephen Cleobury
Christmas Traditional
21 - O Tannenbaum – Wiener Sängerknaben, Uwe Christian Harrer
Henry Walford Davies
22 - O little town of Bethlehem, carol - The Choir of King’s College, Cambridge, Andrew Davis, David Willcocks

CD 2
Franz Gruber
01 - Silent Night, heilige Nacht – The Bach Choir, David Willcocks
Robert Cowper
02 - Gloria in excelsis Deo – Katherine Fuge, Nicola Jenkin, Eleazer de Carvalo, Julian Podger, The Monteverdi Choir, John Eliot Gardiner
Antonio Vivaldi
03 - Violin Concerto (L'inverno) Largo – Alan Loveday, The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Neville Marriner
Christmas Traditional
04 - The first Nowell – The Choir of King’s College, Cambridge, David Willcocks
Christmas Traditional
05 - In dulci jubilo Old German Tune – The Bach Choir, David Willcocks
Peter Cornelius
06 - The three kings – Gerald Finley, The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields Chorus, Neville Marriner
Christmas Traditional
07 - Es ist ein Ros entsprungen – The Monteverdi Choir, John Eliot Gardiner
Christmas Traditional
08 - Still, still, still – Ian Bostridge, The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields Chorus, Neville Marriner
Pyotr Il'yich Tchaikovsky
09 - Legend, Op.54, No.5: The crown of roses – Choir of Clare College, Cambridge, John Rutter
Arcangelo Corelli
10 - Concerto Grosso in G minor (Christmas Concerto) Largo pastorale - The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Neville Marriner
John Tavener
11 - The lamb – The Monteverdi Choir, John Eliot Gardiner
Benjamin Britten
12 - A Ceremony of Carols, for treble voices (or chorus) & harp, Op. 28: Balulalow - Anthony Way, Lucy Wakeford, St. Paul’s Cathedral Choir, John Scott
Charles Gounod
13 - Ave Maria: arr. from Bach’s Prelude No.1 BWV 846 – Leontyne Price, Wiener Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan
Alois Melichar
14 - Mille cherubini in coro (after Schubert) – Luciano Pavarotti, The National Philharmonic Orchestra, Kurt Herbert Adler
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
15 - Vesperae solennes de confessore for soloists, chorus & orchestra, K. 339: Laudate Dominum – Kiri Te Kanawa, London Symphony Chorus, London Symphony Orchestra, Colin Davis, John Constable
Christmas Traditional
16 - The infant King (Old Basque) – The Choir of King’s College,Cambridge, David Willcocks
Peter Warlock
17 - Lullaby my Jesus – Choir Of Winchester Cathedral, David Hill
Christmas Traditional
18 - What child is this? (Greensleeves) - Anthony Way, Tom Finucane
Jacques Offenbach
19 - Les contes d'Hoffmann, opera in 4 acts: Barcarolle – L’Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, Richard Bonynge
Christmas Traditional
20 - See amid the winter's snow – The Choir of King’s College, Cambridge, David Willcocks
Vaughan Williams
21 - The blessed Son of God, for chorus (arranged from "Hodie," Christmas cantata) – Choir Of Winchester Cathedral, David Hill
Richard Storrs Willis
22 - It came upon the midnight clear – Leontyne Price, Wiener Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan
Irving Berlin
23 - White Christmas – Kiri Te Kanawa, London Voices, Philharmonia Orchestra, Carl Davis
