Musickal Mind Control

Release Date Sunday February 2011 6th 
Running time 3 hours 23 minutes


I downloaded this documentary. Various Music Clips are used with some narration.  
The artists include Eminem, black Sabbath, ozzy, lady gaga, Beyonce, U2, Bono, Marilyn Manson, nine inch nails, the beatles, led zeppelin, George Harrison, metallica, Jay –Z Kanye West, Madonna, KMFDM, the Doors, And others. I just wanted to give you guys a heads up to what artists are in the movie.  Classic rock and some new artists from hard rock and metal.  Some rap artists are covered.  There are a few TV clips.

There is a little conspiracy and Alex Jones in the video.  Not too much though
Note this is a different documentary from the one that got uploaded a month ago.
The author’s description is below so you will have a better understanding.  

Author Description:
  Having spent the majority of 27 years engulfed in a world of music myself, I speak from first hand knowledge about the effects music in general has on its fans. Until March 14th 2010 when I gave my life to the Lord Jesus Christ, I was so wrapped up in the antichristian “fascism” which veils the true nature of most so called artist. In this video, which I did over the last year, I try to explain certain aspects of the who, what, and whys to which so many have asked me “why would they, if they even do, worship Satan?” Satan worship first off is nothing more than self worship. Some of these musicians think they are becoming God. Satanism itself teaches that you can “obtain your own godhead.”-Anton LeVay 
   Looking back from the man I am now, it always amazes me just how blind I was even to the hardcore facts of Satan’s “realness” on my own bookshelf. I have always been an avid reader. My collection grows all the time. Last year it shrunk quiet a bit when I discovered two of my favorite writers were actually serious when it came to the devil. Aleister Crowley and Dr. Timothy Leary are in fact on the same page as my documentary explains. Leary is even on tape saying it. During my teenage years I found myself fascinated with the 1960’s and the “peace and love” movement. 
   I have to tell you the viewer that the only real peace movement is found in the Holy Bible. The 1960’s is what I refer to the “free sex and drugs” movement, or as Aleister Crowley said the “do what thou wilt” movement. For instance the “peace” hand sign does not, nor ever did mean peace. It’s the V for victory sign. These are just a taste of the information I proved. You may need to stop the movie to read, but I encourage you get a pen and paper and take notes. I talk about such organizations as the freemasons and the new agers and their role implementing the satanic kingdom which the book of Revelation says will last a little over 3 years.
   In essence I try to summaries all the musical genres with there respected top artists. I show how in one form or another they all have the same goal: The separation of you the viewer from God the Farther. Not only are they super talented musicians, but most have some serious occult knowledge as well. Anton LeVay said that the theme song for the church of Satan was Frank Sinatra’s “My Way”. Why? Because “What is a man? What has he got? If not himself, then he has not…” 99.99% of all music since the dawn of modern music is tuned to self and not God. The Bible makes it clear that God intended music to uplift and praise the Most High! 


