FIFA 12 (c) Electronic Arts Inc

        09/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: EA/Crap
              1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Sports

GAMES INFOS

Winner of 20 "Best Sports Game of E3" awards, including the prestigious E3
Game Critics award, FIFA 12 brings to the pitch the game-changing new Player
Impact Engine, a physics engine built to deliver real-world physicality in
every interaction on the pitch. Experience the way real-world footballers
challenge each other for the ball, win possession, and test each other
physically. Enjoy an infinite variety of natural and believable outcomes in
every collision. Players feel more resilient, push and pull during the fight
for possession, and recover from light challenges more easily

Revolutionary gameplay innovations make FIFA 12 deeper and more engaging
All-new Precision Dribbling creates a higher fidelity of touch on the ball
for better control in tight spaces, more time to make decisions on attack
and more control over the pace of the game. Innovations in attack are
balanced by a re-designed defending mechanism, making it as skilful and
meaningful as real-world football. With all-new Tactical Defending
positioning and intercepting passes are as important as tackling. Tactics
and timing are crucial. Plus, CPU players have been infused with Pro Player
Intelligence, a self-awareness that enables them to behave and make
decisions based on their own skills and tendencies, and gives them the
aptitude to understand the strengths and weaknesses of teammates in every
situation

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game. Redistributables as needed in &lt;install&gt;\__Installer
   dir afterwards
4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir on the disc to your
   &lt;install&gt;\Game dir
5. Play the game. Video config is in &lt;install&gt;\Game\fifasetup\fifasetup.exe


As usual we recommend firewalling the main executable, not using Origin, and
avoiding EA		