Roger Waters The Wall on Tour 2010
"iShoot, iEdit" (HRV DVD 019)
Filmed at The United Center, Chicago, IL September 20 & 21
Additional footage filmed at The Nassau Coliseum, Long Island, NY October 12 & 13

Format: NTSC DVD (16 x 9 widescreen), 5.1 Dolby Digital Stereo (48kHz)

iShoot: tapehead 2
iEdit: rontoon
iRemaster: MOB
iCheck: Big Ed
iDesign: Christopher for Ediskrad Studios
iHelp: Pinkerton, volcso, selbst93, Robert Perry (additional photopraphy)

Video: Sony HDR-CX520V @ 1920x1080i (AVCHD) > MPEG2 720x480 (16 x 9 widescreen, CBR 8)
Audio: (tapehead2): SP-CMC-8 (AT943s) > SP-SPSB-10 > M10 (24/44.1) > FLAC > WAVE (front left, center, and right speakers)
Audio: (Rick B) Mics: DPA 4022, Recorder: Sound Devices 722 (16/44.1K) > FLAC > WAVE (rear speakers and LFE)

DVD ONE: Approx. 58 mins

Intro
In The Flesh?
The Thin Ice
Another Brick In The Wall (Part 1)
The Happiest Days Of Our Lives
Another Brick In The Wall (Part 2)
Mother
Goodbye Blue Sky
Empty Spaces
What Shall We Do Now
Young Lust
One Of My Turns
Don't Leave Me Now
Another Brick In The Wall (Part 3)
The Last Few Bricks
Goodbye Cruel World


DVD TWO: Approx. 53 mins

Hey You
Is There Anybody Out There?
Nobody Home
Vera
Bring The Boys Back Home
Comfortably Numb
The Show Must Go On
In The Flesh
Run Like Hell
Waiting For The Worms
Stop
The Trial
Outside the Wall

All songs are chapter indexed.

The foundation of all the footage (and audio) was taken from 9/20. Additional shots are from the 9/21, 10/12 and 10/13 shows and all are from tapehead2's HD master files. 

Thanks to all those who shared their footage for this project. Thanks once again to the HVR team, MOB for the appropriate EQ work and Big Ed for checking and correcting, and for the quick turn around. Thanks to Chris for the artwork, you always have the coolest sigs on the forum. Thanks to Rick B. for this and 30+ years of recording shows in Chicago.

But the biggest thanks of all goes to my new friend tapehead2 (TH2) for shooting these shows so brilliantly. After posting the initial clips on YouTube I contacted TH2 to see if a multi-camera edit was ever considered. The response was that TH2 wished for the shows to be shared "as is". I decided to cut together a few songs just to show TH2 the possibilities and after watching them on YouTube agreed to send me the master HD footage. The 9/20 and 9/21 shows cut together beautifully, but I still wished that we had a few more shots covered. Since TH2 had tickets to the Nassau Coliseum shows and was planning on shooting them as well I offered some camera suggestions, a lot of them in fact, to get some of the shots I still wanted. The dude abides. So thanks to TH2 for the ultimate sacrifice of not being able to enjoy these shows like the rest of us have. That's a hefty price, especially when considering that Pink Floyd isn't on the top of TH2's favorites list. Perhaps inspired by being embraced by the PF "communities" has changed that? And of course thanks to Roger for putting on such a kick ass show.

This was great fun and a labor of love. The biggest challenge was not in the synching up of all the various shows. Since this is all run to a precise click track synchronization was fairly easy. The challenge was finding matching choreography from shot to shot while at the same time retaining my shot preference and length as well. I'm sure you'll find a few transitions that reveal such continuity blunders, but I'll bet that there's even more that you don't catch. It's amazing how much did actually work. It's all part of the fun and we hope you enjoy the product of our collaboration.

Released on Veteran's Day (November 11, 2010) and dedicated to all fallen loved ones.

Enjoy!
RonToon
Harvested Records