 http://image.allmusic.com/00/amg/cov200/drj500/j572/j57270dpyq5.jpg  

2005 Harbor CD Munga Music mm003 

  1  Blue Wave  3:31 
  2  Shake out the Dust  3:49 
  3  Take It Along  2:35 
  4  Where the Road Turns to Shell and Sand  6:31 
  5  Harbor  4:03 
  6  Working  5:33 
  7  Abuse  3:45 
  8  So, Regarding Me and You  4:13 
  9  Better After All  4:10 
  10  Ricky  4:55 
  11  Trust Fund Sally  4:12 
  12  The Ghost We Left Behind  5:12 
  13  I Will See You in My Dreams  1:46 

Harbor may be Marc Douglas Berardo's album, but he would be the first one 

to tell you that he didn't do it alone. The songs are his, true, and he is the 

voice, but each person involved added his or her own touch, always to the 

betterment of the music. On the whole, these are ensemble pieces and 

Professor Dick Neal and Marc Douglas gathered the best of the best to lay 

them down. No big names here, or at least names you might recognize away 

from the East Coast, but man, they can play. And they do.

Take the bi-polar So, Regarding Me and You with its early Steely Dan 

sound—a dirge with attitude which allows Liam Bailey to show why a 

resonator guitar resonates, his fingers making no less magic than those of Jeff 

Baxter for Steely Dan. Add the string arrangement (and strings) of Larry 

Deming and you have one of the many highlights of Harbor.

No less so than Working, which leans more toward the mid-Steely Dan 

sound, rock and light jazz combining for that soft but rocking feel. The story 

of a musician finding his way, it could very well be the life story of Marc 

Douglas Berardo the Musician, a testament to what music and performing 

means to him personally. The CTI-sounding acoustic guitar toward the end is 

an especially nice touch, reminding one of the wonder days of George Benson 

and Phil Upchurch in the seventies.

And if you want personal, Marc Douglas delivers that as well. Indeed, it is at 

his most personal that he excels. The album is peppered with excellent 

reflective songs, not the least of which is Harbor. Light plucked acoustic guitar 

and voice create a sort of morning dream, quiet and floating, until the strings 

(Larry Deming again) and the secluded french horn of Susan Spaulding carry 

Berardo to the end. This is a way of life, Berardo says, for me and for many 

before me. This song tells us why we love the Coast so much, simple as that.

Perhaps Where the Road Turns to Shell and Sand tells us why and how 

Berardo got to where he is. From Madison Avenue to jack of all trades at the 

docks is a huge step, backwards by today's skewed standards, but he would not 

be the first one to throw away money and success for inner peace. This is an 

explanation in tone poem, supported by strings and french horn in an 

orchestral splendor of sorts. Hollywood could make a movie based on this 

song alone (and if they did it right, it would be a damn good one).

While most of us hate abuse, Berardo feels it more than most. Abuse is a cry 

against abusers, especially those who target children, and if it wasn't a damn 

fine song it would be worth hearing for message alone. "And the sins of the 

mother and the father," he sings, "Are passed on to the daughter and the son, 

And the words that abuse live forever, deep inside the little one." A beautiful 

song with a message we should revisit often.

In the liner notes, Professor Dick Neal gives thanks to Marc Douglas "for 

inviting me to collaborate on this project and then bringing superb material, 

ideas and performances." From a musician as accomplished as Neal, this is 

high praise. A few listens to Harbor might have you wondering if the praise is 

high enough. 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2011/01/10/marc-douglas-berardo-2/