Date: 05-17-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Andrew D. Basiago, Michael Murphy  
In the first half, attorney Andrew D. Basiago shared an update on his truth campaign involving time travel technologies. In discussing a recent news story about DARPA's advancement in video surveillance that could end public anonymity, he declared that "DARPA had far surpassed the performance of this kind of technology 40 years ago when I was serving on Project Pegasus" (as a child). He believes we're being prepared for the eventual truth about chronovision (technology to view past or future events), as well as teleportation into different times. The chronovisor, he explained, "generates a hologram of a past or future event...by driving an electromagnetic signal through an octagonal, an eight-sided array of bismuth crystals." 

Basiago admitted that he hasn't seen the technologies since 1972 (when he left the program), and they may have been shelved, but, he added we do have some clues that chronovision persisted and was implemented by the US intelligence community. For more, see recaps from his show appearances on 11/11/09, and 11/11/10. He'll also be doing a speaking engagement this weekend in Los Angeles. 

---------------------


In the latter half, journalist, filmmaker and political activist Michael J. Murphy talked about new evidence for chemtrail spraying and geo-engineering. The very weird weather patterns we've recently been experiencing could be related to climate control, geo-engineering, and chemtrail spraying, he suggested. Weather modification is nothing new, and was used for military purposes by the US as far back as in Viet Nam, he noted. Project HAARP has the ability to heat up over 200 square miles of the sky with metal particulates, creating high & low pressure systems, and actually steering storms, he stated. 

According to meteorologist Scott Stevens, heavy spraying is taking place about 1,000 miles ahead of storms, Murphy reported. Testing of rain has revealed high levels of aluminum oxide that has vastly increased over the last seven years, he continued, adding that such toxic aluminum exposure could be connected to the rise in Alzheimer's. Further, blood testing of some Arizona residents revealed toxic levels of barium and aluminum (said to be components of chemtrails). For more, visit The Coalition Against Geo-Engineering. 

News segment guests: Mish Shedlock, Christian Wilde 

Website(s): 
projectmars.net
projectpegasus.net
Video(s): 
What in the World Are They Spraying?
