Ponta Delgada airport is located in the largest of the nine Azores islands, São Miguel Island. The airport is also be busiest of the Azores, and the fourth largest airport administrated by ANA Aeroportos de Portugal. Ponta Delgada Airport serves flights to and from major world cities such as London, Madrid, Toronto, Lisbon, Boston, Amsterdam among others.

Some historic facts:

The Archipelago of the Azores is composed of nine volcanic islands situated in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean. The Portuguese archipelago is located about 1,500 km (930 mi) west from Lisbon and about 3,900 km (2,400 mi) east from the east coast of North America. The archipelago, and economic exclusion zone, forms the Autonomous Region of the Azores, one of the two autonomous regions of Portugal. Its main industries are: agriculture, dairy farming (for cheese and butter products primarily), minor livestock ranching, fishing and tourism, which is becoming the major service activity in the region.

There are nine major Azorean islands and an islet cluster, in three main groups. These are Flores and Corvo, to the west; Graciosa, Terceira, São Jorge, Pico and Faial in the centre; and São Miguel, Santa Maria and the Formigas Reef to the east. These extend for more than 600 km (370 mi) and lie in a northwest-southeast direction. The vast extent of the islands defines an immense exclusive economic zone of 1,100,000 km2 (420,000 sq mi). The westernmost point of this area is 3,380 km (2,100 mi) from the North American continent. All of the islands have volcanic origins, although some, such as Santa Maria, have had no historical activity since the islands were settled. Mount Pico, on the island of Pico, is the highest point in Portugal, at 2,351 m (7,713 ft) in altitude. The Azores are actually the peaks of several of the tallest mountains on the planet, as measured from their base at the bottom of the ocean, breaking the surface of the Atlantic.

These 9 islands have naturally evolved into three recognizable groups located within the Azores Platform; they are:

The Eastern Group (Grupo Oriental) of São Miguel, Santa Maria and Formigas Islets
The Central Group (Grupo Central) of Terceira, Graciosa, São Jorge, Pico and Faial
The Western Group (Grupo Ocidental) of Flores and Corvo.

Copy to main fsx directory,dont forget to add it into your Scenery files.

Have fun chaps :+)
