I've been listening to these guys since the first album, and I've been liking them more and more with each album. I gotta say, I was not a huge fan of Age of Winters - the sound was muddy, the songs were unoriginal and the vocals sucked. Nonetheless, there were some good grooves and riffs and I happily got their next one - Gods of the Earth. I thought it was an improvement, mostly better songs, but still with weak vocals. But Warp Riders... Wow this is much better! I was excited to hear Matt Bayles was producing, as he did a great job with Mastodon (Blood Mountain, Leviathan). As expected, the sound is much better, better separation of the guitars without losing any heaviness, but most importantly, the vocals are awesome! These songs are all really good - the whole album flows very seamlessly, and there are no weak tracks. That being said, some of the songs are a bit more "commercial" than their older stuff (Tres Brujas, Night City), but they are still pretty good with catchy riffs and great drums. This is very listenable - it's been in my car for about 6 weeks and I'm still playing it. Some people have mentioned a 'southern rock' feel - I'm not sure it's ZZ Top, but definitely more "rock" sounding than the other albums. I actually can see Phil Lynott(RIP) singing some of these songs, which I don't think I ever would have thought about an album from The Sword. Definitely worth getting. 

by vincevangopher

TRACKLIST:

01 - Acheron - Unearthing The Orb.wma                            
02 - Tres Brujas.wma                                             
03 - Arrows In The Dark.wma                                      
04 - The Chronomancer I Hubris.wma                               
05 - Lawless Lands.wma                                           
06 - Astraea's Dream.wma                                         
07 - The Warp Riders.wma                                         
08 - Night City.wma                                              
09 - The Chronomancer II Nemesis.wma                             
10 - (The Night The Sky Cried) Tears Of Fire.wma        

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!      		