Henry V (1989 Film) Shakespeare - Kevin Branagh, Emma Thompson

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1221kbps 
Duration.............: 2:17:48
Resolution...........: 848*478 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Subtitles............: English (Ripped by DVDFab - some flaws)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097499/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_V_%281989_film%29

Band of Brothers Speech


Famous Non Nobis Hymn (Henry V Theme)

 
http://bayimg.com/LACeFaAdg

Henry V is a 1989 film directed by Kenneth Branagh, based on William Shakespeare's play The Life of Henry the Fifth about the famous English king. Branagh stars in the title role, and wrote the screenplay. The film was highly acclaimed on its release.

Branagh's film is frequently compared with the 1944 film of the play directed by and starring Laurence Olivier. The visual style of Branagh's film is grittier and more realist than that of Olivier's. For example, his film avoids Olivier's use of stylized sets, and, where Olivier staged the Battle of Agincourt on a sunlit field, Branagh's takes place amid rain-drenched mud and gore.

The text of the play is heavily cut. In addition, Branagh incorporated flashbacks using extracts from Henry IV, Part 1 and Part 2 in which Henry interacts with the character of Falstaff, who, in Shakespeare's Henry V, is never seen, merely announced to be deathly ill in Act 2 Scene 1, and dead in Act 2 scene 3. The scenes involve a brief summary of Henry's denouncement of Falstaff primarily with lines from Act 2, Scene 4 of Henry IV part 1 and a brief though important utterance of Henry's final repudiation of Falstaff in Part 2, "I know thee not, old man." The movie also uses Falstaff's line "do not, when thou art King, hang a thief" from Henry IV Part 1 but gives it to Bardolph, in order to highlight the poignancy when Henry later has Bardolph executed.

While the text of the Chorus' monologues are the same, the setting for them has been adapted to reflect the nature of the motion picture adaptation of the play. Unlike the other performers, who are dressed in clothing contemporary to the actual Henry V to reflect their characters, The Chorus is dressed in modern 20th century clothing. The opening monologue, originally written to compensate for the limitations of on stage theater to represent the historical scenes presented, is delivered on an empty motion picture sound stage with unfinished sets. The other chorus monologues are delivered on location where the relevant action is taking place. In all cases, the chorus speaks directly to the camera, addressing the audience.

Cast
Derek Jacobi 	... 	Chorus
Kenneth Branagh 	... 	King Henry V
Simon Shepherd 	... 	Duke Humphrey of Gloucester
James Larkin 	... 	Duke John of Bedford
Brian Blessed 	... 	Duke Thomas Beaufort of Exeter
James Simmons 	... 	Duke Edward of York
Charles Kay 	... 	Archbishop of Canterbury
Alec McCowen 	... 	Bishop of Ely
Fabian Cartwright 	... 	Earl Richard of Cambridge
Stephen Simms 	... 	Lord Henry Scroop
Jay Villiers 	... 	Sir Thomas Grey
Edward Jewesbury 	... 	Sir Thomas Erpingham
Ian Holm 	... 	Captain Fluellen
Danny Webb 	... 	Gower (as Daniel Webb)
Jimmy Yuill 	... 	Jamy 