Track listing: 

1. Footin' It	
2. Face It Boy, It's Over
3. Shape of Things to Come [From Wild in the Streets]
4. Chattanooga Choo Choo	
5. Don't Let Me Lose This Dream	
6. Shape of Things That Are and Were
7. Last Train to Clarksville

128 kbps, MP3, LP rip



Shape Of Things To Come, In which George Benson stretches out over the pop grooves of 1968, pursued stage left by flutes, strings, harmonica, and studio brass orchestrations. Not to mention the sound of Benson himself holding forth on, according to the original liner notes, "alto guitar with Varitone attachment--a wild, doubled sound."

If you want to hear the heir to Wes Montgomery swing hard over a standard, forget it--and you'll have to wait until the second-to-last cut to hear him get serious on a blues. Finally though, on "Shape of Things That Are and Were," he does his thing with style and abandon. When the horns surface, they provide a kick reminiscent of Oliver Nelson's charts for Wes Montgomery and Jimmy Smith. It's worth the wait. Benson works up a serious head of steam on "Don't Let Me Lose This Dream," employs lush chord-melody work on "Face it Boy, It's Over," and gets plenty of room to stretch over a vamp during "Last Train to Clarksville."

All tracks have been digitally remastered.

Recorded at Van Gelder Studios, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. Includes liner notes by Ira Gitler.

Personnel: George Benson (vocals, guitar); George Benson ; David Mankovitz, Dave Mankovitz (viola); George Ricci (cello); Stanley Webb (flute); Wayne Andre (baritone saxophone, trombone, baritone horn); Joseph J. Shepley (trumpet, flugelhorn); Richard Davis , Ron Carter (bass guitar); Bernard Eichen, Charles Libove (violin); George Marge, Romeo Penque (cello, flute); Stan Webb (cello); Marvin Stamm (piccolo, trumpet, flugelhorn); Buddy Lucas (harmonica, saxophone, tenor saxophone); Joe Shepley (trumpet, flugelhorn); Burt Collins (trumpet); Alan Raph (trombone, valve trombone, tuba, sound effects); Hank Jones , Herbie Hancock (piano); Charles Covington (organ); Jack Jennings (vibraphone, percussion); Leo Morris (drums); Johnny Pacheco (congas, percussion).

Liner Note Author: Ira Gitler.

Recording information: Nj (08/27/1968-10/22/1968); Van Gelder Studios, Englewood Cliffs, NJ (08/27/1968-10/22/1968).

Photographer: Pete Turner .

Unknown Contributor Role: George Benson .

Arranger: Don Sebesky.

Personnel: George Benson (guitar); Buddy Lucas (saxophone, harmonica); Marvin Stamm (trumpet, flugelhorn, piccolo); Joe Shepley (trumpet, flugelhorn); Burt Collins (trumpet); Wayne Andre (trombone, Baritone horn); Alan Raph (trombone, tuba); George Marge, Romeo Penque, Stan Webb (flute); Bernard Eichen, Charles Libove (violin); David Mankovitz (viola); George Ricci (cello); Jack Jennings (vibraphone); Herbie Hancock, Hank Jones (piano); Charles Covington (organ); Ron Carter, Richard Davis (bass); Leo Morris (drums); Johnny Pacheco (percussion).