Audio Books : Horror : MP3/64Kbps : English
Joe McKinney - Dead City (2006)

Narrator: Michael Kramer
7:35 unb 64/44 mono

Texas? It's Toast. 

Battered by five cataclysmic hurricanes in three weeks, the Texas Gulf Coast and half of the Lone Star State is reeling from the worst devastation in history. 
Thousands are dead or dying - but the worst is only beginning. Amid the wreckage, something unimaginable is happening.A deadly virus has broken out, returning the dead to life...with an insatiable hunger for human flesh. 
The nightmare begins....

Within hours, the plague has spread all over Texas. San Antonio police officer Eddie Hudson finds his city overrun by a voracious army of the living dead. 
Along with a small group of survivors, Eddie must fight off the savage horde in a race to save his family.

Hell on Earth. There's no place to run. No place to hide. The zombie horde is growing as the virus runs rampant. 
Eddie knows he has to find a way to destroy these walking horrors... but he doesn't know the price he will have to pay



Joe McKinney - Apocalypse of the Dead - Dead World #2 (2010)

Read by Todd McLaren
15:06 unb 64/44 mono

And the dead shall rise... 

Two hellish years. That's how long it's been since the hurricanes flooded the Gulf Coast, and the dead rose up from the ruins. 
The cities were quarantined, the infected, contained. Any unlucky survivors were left to fend for themselves. A feast for the dead. 

And the living shall gather... 

One boatload of refugees manages to make it out alive - but one passenger carries the virus. 
Within weeks, the zombie epidemic spreads across the globe. Now, retired U.S. Marshal Ed Moore must lead a group of strangers to safety, searching for sanctuary from the dead. 
A last chance for the living. 

Let the battle begin...

In the North Dakota grasslands, bands of survivors converge upon a single outpost. 
Run by a self-appointed preacher of fierce conviction and frightening beliefs, it may be humanity's only hope, but Ed Moore and the others refuse to enter a suicide pact. 
They'd rather stand and fight in the final battle against the zombies. 

An apocalypse of the dead...


Joe McKinney - Flesh Eaters - Dead World #3 (2011)

Read by Todd McLaren
12:44 unb 64/44 mono

They rise... 

Out of the flooded streets of Houston, they emerge from plague-ridden waters. Dead. Rotting. Hungry. 
As human survivors scramble to their rooftops for safety, the zombie hordes circle like sharks. 
The ultimate killing machines. 

They feed... 

Houston is quarantined to halt the spread of the zombie plague. Anyone trying to escape is shot on sight, wether living or dead.
Emergency Ops sergeant Eleanor Norton has her work cut out. Salvaging boats and gathering explosives, Eleanor and her team struggle to maintain order, 
but when civilization finally breaks down, the feeding frenzy begins. 

They multiply... 

Biting, gnawing, feasting but always craving more, the flesh-eaters increase their ranks every hour. 
With doomsday looming, Eleanor must focus on the people she loves...her husband and daughter, and a band of other survivors adrift in zombie-infested waters. 
If she can't bring them into the quarantine zone, they're all dead meat.

