 http://www.shotpix.com/images/25245833499386146277.jpg



Velayudham (Tamil: வேலாயுதம்) is a 2011 Tamil action-masala film[3] directed by M. Raja.[4] It stars Vijay, Hansika Motwani, Genelia D'Souza and Saranya Mohan in lead roles. Produced by V. Ravichandran's Aascar Films, the story revolves around an ordinary milkman, trying to eradicate corruption.[5] The film was released on October 26, 2011 to positive reviews and was declared a commercial success.[6]

Plot

The film opens up in Pakistan with a blindfolded person being dragged by a few terrorists. He is brought to the leader of the gang and identified as the Home Minister of Tamil Nadu. Further plans are revealed when the gang strikes a hefty deal with him for planting a series of bombs in Chennai. Then happens a bomb explosion at a transportation bus in the city killing many innocent peoples. A group of three journalists, including Bharathi (Genelia D'Souza), commit to eradicating terrorism in the country after completing their Journalism course. One night, Bharathi and her two friends secretly film the illegal activities like creation of explosives and women trafficking happening in a secluded house. However, the journalists' presence is detected and their escape attempt results in the deaths of her friend and injury to Bharathi. But after the attack on Bharathi and her friends, the goon's vehicle explode due to a small mishap when a matchstick falls over petrol packets stored in the vehicle. Bharathi, already stabbed by one of the goons, comes up with a new idea to eradicate terrorism by creating a fictional character called Velayudham, and writes a note that he wants to clean up the city of bad guys before falling unconscious.
Velayudham a.k.a Velu (Vijay) is a milk vendor in a village called Pavunoor, and he has a sister named Kaveri (Saranya Mohan) he loves and a cousin Vaidehi (Hansika Motwani) who is crazy about him. Though the brother and sister creates lot of trouble for the villagers, they are still adored by the villagers. They, along with a couple of village friends, arrive in Chennai to collect money from a chit fund for his sister's marriage, and somehow Speedu (Santhanam) gets part of their money. On chasing Speedu in a railway station, Vel uses a bike to catch him, and it explodes a few seconds later. Next few moments he inadvertently prevents few bomb blasts and helps catch terrorists, thus Velayudham becomes a sensation over time. He even manages to save Bharathi in one of the incidents which he never meant for it to happen.
Velu is unaware of the consequences, later Bharathi realises Velu is the guy who has been accidentally doing the work of Velayudham. Bharathi meets him, explains and asks him to become the fictional character, however he refuses. Later Velu goes to draw cash from the chit fund but the company cheats him off his money and the people who are cheated vow that Velayudham will come as their saviour. Velu seeing this decides to take upon the avatar of Velayudham and starts to do eradicate certain evil that pertains within the society forms the crux of the last half of the movie.
Cast

Vijay as Velayudham (Velu)
Genelia D'Souza as Bharathi
Hansika Motwani as Vaidhyalakshmi (Vaidehi)
Saranya Mohan as Kaveri
Santhanam as Speed
Abhimanyu Singh as Ibrahim
Soori
Vineet Kumar
Raaghav as Jai
M. S. Bhaskar as Vaidehi's father
Sathyan
Pandiarajan
Vincent Asokan
Manivannan
Ilavarasu
Veera Samar
Sayaji Shinde as Feroz Khan
Pandi

Credits : 
Source : Dhloga
Ripper : C.Ronaldo


 
http://img46.imageshack.us/img46/3926/shot0014m.png
 
http://img64.imageshack.us/img64/613/shot0009qp.png
 
http://img338.imageshack.us/img338/8217/shot0002gc.png
 
http://img207.imageshack.us/img207/2998/shot0006g.png