Nearly two decades have passed since the collapse of the Han Dynasty and the death of the usurper Dong Zhuo. War has engulfed all of China, and the fallen empire has splintered into competing regions in the possession of rival warlords and generals, each vying for territorial control.

Among these figures is Cao Cao, a military genius and leader of the Wei armies, who has assumed effective rule over all of northern China. He travels south, across the Yangtze, to continue his campaign to reunify the country under his command.

Standing in his path, however, are Liu Bei of the Shu, and Sun Quan of the Wu, who forge an alliance to turn back the Wei at the Battle of Chi Bi. Their partnership is short-lived, however, as the two soon turn against each other for possession of Jing province.

The war of the Three Kingdoms has reached a stalemate. Each general has tasked their couriers to travel the land, seeking promising young recruits to join the cause. Do you have what it takes to rise to the challenge and turn the tide of battle?

System Requirements
Dynasty Warriors Online requires approximately 4.7 GB of free hard drive space to install. To view the current available disk space on your PC, click on "Start" and select "My Computer."

 	Minimum Specs	Recommended Specs
OS	
Windows 7/Vista/XP (Service Pack 2 or later)
CPU	Pentium IV 1.8 GHz (or equivalent)	Pentium IV 2.4 GHz (or equivalent)
Memory	512 MB of RAM	1 GB of RAM
HDD	
1.8 GB of free hard disk space
Video *	GeForce 5200 or Radeon 9550	GeForce 7300 or Radeon X1300
DirectX	
DirectX 9.0c or greater
* Video card requires 64 MB VRAM with support for a 3D accelerator function better than Pixel Shader 1.1 or Vertex Shader 1.1.
NOTE: Vista and Windows 7 users will need to run this in Administrator mode. to accomplish this, right click the installer and choose run as Administrator. The installed game has a launcher/updater tis needs also always to run as Administrator (right click desktop icon, choose properties, choose compatibility tab, check the always run as administrator checkbox at the bottom)

This is the NA/EU installment of DWO, to be able to play you need to create an account with Aeriagames ( http://dynastywarriors.aeriagames.com/ ) currently only one account is allowed and only one character per account

This download is for those that can not get the official downloader to work, although it is the closed beta setup it can be used as first setup to the open beta that is currently running as well (date of writing this is Jan.23 2011)

Dynasty Warriors online is based on the Dynasty Warriors serie and graphics are simmilar to those of DW5. The game has a short tutorial (visit http://dwo.wikia.com/wiki/Dynasty_Warriors_Online_Eng_Wiki for a quick way to finish the tutorial and other info)

DWO has several gamemodes

1: Quick Melee/Melee a 4vs4 battle with 5 gametypes 
a: Capture (also known as Suppress)
The most common Melee Type. In these battles, your objective is to capture bases
b: Defeat (also known as K.O.)
In these battles, each team simply have to defeat the specified number of units total: either 2000 or 3000
c: Confront
The strict PvP mode. In these battles, your objective is to defeat 10 enemy officers before your opponent team. 
d: Search
In this mode the purpose is to bring treasure to allied bases as many and as fast as possible
e:Defeat the Leader
The only way to get this mode in melee is by random chance when you play with unknown victory condition, you cannot select it explicitly.Defeat the Leader of the opposing faction
f: Unknown
Unknown (including defeat commander) a.k.a. Unknown 2
If you choose this type of a battle, the winning condition will be randomly chosen from one of the 5 above. Additionally, no matters what the victory conditions is, the generals have a high chance of appearing as if it were defeat leader mode.

Unknown (excluding defeat commander) a.k.a. Unknown 1

This mode is the same as above but Confront and Defeat the Leader are excluded from the random poll. Also the generals will not spawn at the start of the battle.

The victory condition is actually determined at the moment you create the battle, however the game will not tell you that, but it's possible to determine it indirectly

2: Quests:
	 
In Dynasty Warriors Online, quests serve several purposes. They can improve your Domestic Skills, give you gold or items, and increase your Honor. Your actions during a quest are evaluated, and at the completion of the quest, you get a rank ranging from S to E. Generally, the better you do on a quest, the better the reward.
there are quests for single player, 2 players and 3 players

3: Arena
An arena is a 4v4 confront melee battle that takes place in a small area with only neutral(yellow) troops. It is different from the confront melee in that you always start with all your temper upgrades and will always receive at least two items at the end of the battle (no gear or weapons though)

4: Campaign
Campaigns are faction vs faction wars that decide who takes over the city. If you have played the empire series in Dynasty Warriors console games, the concept is similar to that. these are 4v4. Campaigns are not always available, they are announched trough the Aeria forums and take several hours if joining the full span

5: Showdown
Showdowns are 12v12 battles that take place on weekends when there is no campaign scheduled. Showdowns are usually available for 3 hours and take place in 15 minute intervals, they are commonly announched trough the Aeria forums

Currently, it is adviced when creating a character to join either Wei or Wu due to overpopulation of Shu (Due to Shu being the more popular console game faction, not due to either faction being better or having better items)

for a repeat of the installation instructions go to http://www.aeriagames.com/node/53414

Have fun, drop me a line on Aeria games (a1whizzy) if you there
