Invisible Touch is the 13th studio album by the band Genesis, released in 1986. It reached #1 in the UK where it remained in the charts for 96 weeks, making it by far the most commercially successful album of their career, eventually selling over 15 million copies worldwide. It received generally favorable reviews from critics and produced five US Top 5 singles, including the title track which reached the #1 spot on the US chart, the only song by Genesis ever to have reached the top spot in the USA.

The album was structured to appeal to both newer and older Genesis fans, with radio-friendly singles like "Land of Confusion" and the title track for pop fans, and longer tracks like "The Brazilian" and "Domino" aimed more towards fans of the band's progressive rock style of the 1970s.

Lyrics

Some of the lyrics on this album are among Genesis' rare attempts at social and political commentary, with "Domino", a song about a lost love, also evoking a nightmarish nuclear[citation needed] war[citation needed] scenario and "Land of Confusion" commenting satirically on the political turmoil of the Reagan/Thatcher/Gorbachev era. A widely acclaimed video for "Land of Confusion", featuring the Spitting Image puppets, was nominated for MTV's Video of the Year Award, but lost to former lead singer Peter Gabriel's Sledgehammer. "Tonight, Tonight, Tonight", another hit song from the album, dealt with drug addiction, while "Anything She Does" took a humorous yet subtle look at pornography.

Reception

Catching Genesis at their commercial peak, Invisible Touch was an instant UK #1, while it reached #3 in the US and went six times platinum there. The album was supported by the 1986-87 Invisible Tour, a concert video of which was released in 1988 and on DVD in 2003.

Cut songs

Three songs were cut from the album and subsequently released as B-sides: "Feeding the Fire" (on "Land of Confusion"), "I'd Rather Be You" (on "Throwing It All Away"), and "Do the Neurotic" (on "In Too Deep"). Both "Feeding the Fire" and "Do the Neurotic" were written by Tony Banks, while "I'd Rather Be You" was written by Phil Collins. In interviews promoting Invisible Touch, both Tony and Phil stated that they felt that there may have been enough room on the album for these tracks, but they had to pick and choose which songs they felt to be a better fit to the overall sound of the album.

Song creation

During the writing process, "Invisible Touch", produced through improvisation, became a stand-alone piece. It was originally conceived by Tony Banks as a part of the "Domino" suite. Phil began singing over the keyboard parts that Tony had written and "Invisible Touch" became a separate song entirely.

In popular culture

In the film American Psycho, protagonist Patrick Bateman proclaims that Invisible Touch is the group's "undisputed masterpiece", going on at length about its virtues to two prostitutes he has hired for the evening. The scene represents a chapter in the Bret Easton Ellis novel where Bateman muses about the significance of the album.[1]

During the late 1980s, instrumental excerpts from the track 'Domino' were used on the BBC TV sports program Grandstand, as a bed over which presenter Desmond Lynam previewed what was coming up in that day's program.

"The Brazilian" is used in the television show Magnum, P.I. episode titled "Unfinished Business". "Tonight, Tonight, Tonight" was used in the Season 7 episode "Laura" which featured Frank Sinatra in his last acting role.

"Land of Confusion" was used in "Freefall," the final episode of the 1980s cop show Miami Vice (a show on which Phil Collins had guest starred) during a scene in which the characters Crockett (Don Johnson) and Tubbs (Philip Michael Thomas) were in the middle of a stakeout. The song implied the complexity of the story during the finale.

"In Too Deep" was used in the 1986 film Mona Lisa starring Bob Hoskins.


Track listing

All music by Tony Banks/Phil Collins/Mike Rutherford.

CD

1."Invisible Touch" – 3:29
2."Tonight, Tonight, Tonight" – 8:53
3."Land of Confusion" – 4:47
4."In Too Deep" – 5:02
5."Anything She Does" – 4:20
6."Domino" – 10:45
7."Throwing It All Away" – 3:51
8."The Brazilian" – 4:50
