(Nearly) Complete Music Collection from "Deadwood" Music Collection

Includes:
Deadwood - The Original Motion Series Soundtrack (Season One)

Music from Season Two:

Episode 13 - Not Dark Yet - Bob Dylan
Episode 14 - Business You're Doin' - Lightnin' Hopkins
Episode 15 - Skin And Bones - Ann Rabson
Episode 17 - Life is like that - Big Bill Broonzy
Episode 19 - A Prayer - Madeleine Peyroux
Episode 20 - Rattlesnake - Spider John Koerner
Episode 21 - Mama's Gonna Buy - Vera Ward Hall
Episode 22 - Calling All Angels - Jane Siberry & K.D. Lang
Episode 23 - Hey Willy Boy - Townes Van Zandt
Episode 24 - Stay A Little Longer - Bob Wills And His Texas Playboys

Music from Season Three:

Episode 25 - I Got A Razor - Memphis Slim and Willie Dixon
Episode 27 - Walking the Dog -Hans Theessink and The Heavenly Lights
Episode 28 - Mean Mama Blues - Ramblin' Jack Elliott
Episode 29 - I'm Going Home - Bama Stuart
Episode 30 - Daniel in the Lions Den - Bessie Jones
Episode 31 - Soul of a Man - Irma Thomas
Episode 33 - Did You Ever Meet Gary Owen, Uncle Joe? - Bela Fleck
Episode 34 - Dangerous Mood - Keb Mo
Episode 35 - Mad Mama Blues - Josie Miles
Episode 36 - Oh Mary Don't You Weep No More - Bruce Springsteen

As a fan of the HBO series "Deadwood", I was looking for a complete collection of the music played during the end credits and discovered that HBO only ever released a soundtrack for season one. With a little help from the internet, I discovered a complete list of every song played over the ending credits of each episode (thanks to one Tim Copsa, courtesy http://adventureworld.typepad.com/adventureworld/2004/05/deadwood_music.html).

I have spent a lot of time searching for these tracks. I hope that other people may benefit from my effort. I have re-titled each track with their associated episode number and leveled the volume for ease of listening.

Also: if you have a copy of one of the few remaining tracks, or some of the incidental music from the series, please contact me. Nothing would please me more than to have this be a perfectly complete collection.

If you are interested in helping, the following tracks are missing:
Episode 16 - The Fox by Bill Staines, off the album "One More River"
Episode 18 - Pretty Polly by Hilarie Burhans, off the album "Put On the Skillet"
Episode 26 - Hole In The Wall by Brownie McGhee and Sonny Terry, off the album "A Long Way From Home
Episode 32 - O Death by Alan Lomax and Bessie Jones, off the album "Presenting the Alan Lomax Collection"

Enjoy, and please seed!