Kaipa, svenskt symfoniskt rockband.

1973 startade Hans Lundin, Tomas Eriksson och Thomas Sjöberg bandet Ura Kaipa. Namnet var ett förslag från deras kompis Martin Ander och refererade till en svensk stenåldershövding från boken Svenskarna och deras hövdingar av Verner von Heidenstam. 1974 kortades namnet ner till Kaipa, strax efter att Thomas Sjöberg tvingats lämna gruppen på grund av sjukdom och ersatts av Ingemar Bergman. I samma veva värvades även gitarristen Roine Stolt. Musiken skrevs av Lundin och Stolt, en musik inspirerad av grupper som Genesis och Yes. De tre första skivorna har efterhand nått kultstatus hos älskare av progrock världen över. Roine lämnade gruppen -79 och därefter ändrade gruppen musikalisk riktning mot en mer syntrock-inspirerad musik i tidens anda. 1982 bröt bandets medlemmar efter en sista spelning på Studion i Stockholm den 13:e december.

I februari 2000 realiserade Hans Lundin sin vision om att åter ge Kaipa liv och har sedan dess gett ut ett flertal väl mottagna CD-skivor. Gitarristen Roine Stolt, känd från bl.a. The Flower Kings och Transatlantic var den ende av originalmedlemmarna som medverkade i projektet. Han lämnade bandet efter inspelningen av Mindrevolutions (2005), på grund av samarbetssvårigheter med Hans Lundin grundade i olika ideer om musikalisk inriktning. Han har ersatts av Per Nilsson från Scar Symmetry. (wikipedia)

- - -

The album Notes from the past is filled with all new material. All the colours, shapes and vibes of the unique Kaipa-music from the 70's are present, but with enough new grooves and textures to be attractive to both die hard fans and the uninitiated alike. This is definitely progressive rock for the new millennium - rocking, and raving with blistering guitars and distorted synths, paving the way for all those glorious Mellotrons and Hammond organs that have been and are still the trademarks of 70's progressive rock.

Although Hans and Roine had been musically parted for more than twenty years, Notes from the past, is proof the chemistry is still alive and well. It's as if the band and music were teleported directly from 1976. It doesn't take long to realize that all the right pieces are in place again. As was the case during their heyday, Kaipa is a force once again with Hans and Roine at the helm.

Together with a handful of Swedens top musicians in the prog and fusion genre, they excel with this most recent offering of classic vocal lines, textured keyboard and guitar wizardry. It also features Patrik Lundstöm (of Ritual) on lead vocals and Morgan Agren (Zappa, Mats&Morgan;) pounding the drums in his own unique frenzied style - a true master class experience in percussion. New bass phenomenon Jonas Reingold, (The FlowerKings) adds his slightly distorted, high energy basslines to this fusion drive, and makes for a completely solid rhythm section. They fire off a cascade of prog-folk-symph- rock that has as many similarities to the previous Kaipa records as it has differences.( kaipa.info)

- - -

Kaipa - Notes from the past  2002
(Kleve Inside Out)

 1. Notes from the past part I  
 2. Night bike ride (on Lilac Street) 
 3. Mirrors of yesterday 
 4. Leaving the horizon 
 5. In the space of a twinkle 
 6. Folke's final decision 
 7. Thename belongs to you 
 8. Second journey inside the green glass 
 9. A road in my mind ; 
10. Morganism  
11. Notes from the past part II


Musicians:
Hans Lundin, keyboard
Roine Stolt, guitars
Patrik Lundström, lead vocals
Morgan Agren, drums
Jonas Reingold, Bass
Aleena Gibson, vocals on A road in my mind
Tove Thörn Lundin, vocals on In the space of a twinkle

All music and words by Hans Lundin,
except In the space of a twinkle, words: Mari-Pierre Amat,
interpretation of the Swedish words: Kevin Fickling

Produced by Hans Lundin
Recorded by Lundin at HGL Studio, Uppsala, Sweden

Guitars recorded by Stolt at Cosmic Lodge, Uppsala, Sweden
Drums recorded by Lundin & Agren at UAE Magnetofon, Stockholm, Sweden
Basses recorded by Reingold at Reingold Studio, Malmö, Sweden

Mixed at Cosmic Lodge by Lundin & Stolt 23-26 July 2001
Mastered at Cosmic Lodge by Stolt 30-31 July 2001
