Sanctus Security Is Proud To Present Another Great Game Torrent




Product: Call Of Duty
Platform: PC, First Person Shooter



Game Description: Call of Duty was released in late 2003 after a few months of enticing previews
and game play movies.  Before it even came out, people were calling it better 
than Medal of Honor: Allied Assault; MoHAA is widely called the best WWII
game ever created.  That would be hard for any game to live up to but in my
honest opinion, it lived up to the hype.  Call of Duty features 24 intense
single-player missions and a whole different game mode which allows you to go
online via the Internet or LAN to go head-to-head against other players around
the world.

Call of Duty is a unique game in that it calls for teamwork, strategy, and 
squad based combat rather than your typical shooter game in which you just
charge ahead and shoot the enemy.  In this game you must cooperate with your
squad members. If not you will quickly find yourself looking at a quote from
Winston Churchill on the game over screen.  The enemies are smart, they will
use cover, throw grenades, throw your grenades back at you (I'm not joking),
and lurk in the shadows or around corners waiting for you to let your guard
down.


CALL OF DUTY™ MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

• 3D Hardware Accelerator Card required - 100% DirectX® 9.0b compatible 32MB 
  hardware T&L-capable video card and latest drivers*
• Pentium® III 600MHz or Athlon® 600MHz processor or higher for systems with 
  Windows® 98/ME
• Pentium® III 700MHz or Athlon® 700MHz processor or higher for systems with
  Windows® 2000/XP
• English version of Microsoft® Windows® 98/ME/2000/XP 
• 128MB of RAM 
• 8x Speed CD-ROM drive (1200KB/sec sustained transfer rate) and latest 
  drivers 
• 1.4GB of uncompressed free hard disk space (plus 400MB for Windows® 98/ME 
  swap file, 600MB for Windows® 2000/XP swap file) 
• 100% DirectX® 9.0b compatible 16-bit sound card and latest drivers
• 100% Windows® 98/ME/2000/XP compatible mouse, keyboard and latest drivers 
• DirectX® 9.0b (included)


MULTIPLAYER REQUIREMENTS

• Internet (TCP/IP) and LAN (TCP/IP) play supported
• Internet play requires 56 Kbps (or faster) modem and latest drivers
• LAN play requires network interface card and latest drivers



Product keys are located inside the torrent as a ".txt" file. Also included are some NO-CD Cracks, so you can play without the CD in the drive. The discs come in ISO format (disc image) and you will need to either burn it to a disc, or mount it via Magic Disc (included in torrent) or Dameon Tools. We hope you enjoy this copy of Call Of Duty!

Main Product Key (More Inside Torrent): DPTG-UGE2-SS8W-TUDU-87BB



Sanctus Security (1/17/2011)
Torrent Compiled By:  CyberFerret32 (Head Of Sanctus Security)

Please be sure to seed and comment on any technical issues!
