S  K  I  D  R  O  W
the leading force

proudly presents
Trapped Dead  c  Headup Games

07-02-2011........Release Date  -  Protection.......Dummy Sectors
Action...............Game Type  -  Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Our story takes place in the early 80s in a small town names Hedge Hill
near Kansas City, Missouri. The sowing of a new genetically modified
type of corn caused the existence of a new virus which mutated through
the natural food chain. A dog bite of an infected animal caused a local
outbreak of the virus which rapidly infected the inhabitants of the
idyllic provincial town. Mike and Gerald, two college boys, are thrown
into the middle of a terrifying horror scenario. Having pulled over to
a gas station near Hedge Hill during what was meant to be an enjoyable
road trip, they are unaware of the virus which has already reached the
gasstation and its staff.

Trapped Dead is a tactical real time strategy game in the tradition of
classical evergreens such as "Commandos" and "Desperados". Players
control their characters in a 3rd person isometric view through a
mature Zombie survival scenario inspired by the successful Horror
movies of the early 80s.

Features

Terrifying, cinematic game atmosphere

Appealing tactical gameplay with numerous shock- and surprise elements

Highly detailed locations such as mall, jail, scrap yard & many more

7 playable different characters

Thrilling on- and offline multiplayer co-op mode

Interactive and dynamic game environment including various traps

Manifold weapons, gadgets and other items US Ps

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Game came on a DVD, but content could fit on a CD after removing the
dummy sectors.

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision

Stripped by HeXagon's Advanced NFO Stripper: http://www.stripnfo.com
