DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Follow along with author Steve Sande and learn how to make useful, attractive Web sites with iWeb '09 and '11!

Apple's iWeb aims to help you build an attractive Web site quickly and easily, but not all of iWeb's features are fully explained. For step-by-step instructions and plenty of time-saving tips, turn to Web pro Steve Sande. In this ebook, Steve walks you through all the steps for building an iWeb site and uploading it to MobileMe or to another Web host. You can look over his shoulder as he enhances iWeb's templates with a designer's eye, using tools like masks, reflections, and Instant Alpha.

Steve teaches you the best ways to make all types of iWeb pages—including blog, podcast, photo, and movie pages—and he covers topics that go beyond the basics and way beyond the online help. You'll also find coverage of how to import podcasts and videos and even get ideas for working with CafePress and Google Checkout to create an online store.

Special projects covered in the ebook include:

Creating graphical effects like those in the above images
Setting a graphic's background color to match the page color
Making an image map—there is a way!
Using an iSight camera to record directly into iWeb
Adding a podcast episode from GarageBand
Submitting your podcast to iTunes
Exporting a video file from iMovie to iWeb
Integrating with iPhoto and MobileMe Gallery
Embedding a YouTube video
Including an RSS or Twitter feed
Providing directions to readers via an embedded Google map
Adding a read-only, dynamic Google calendar to your site
Getting information from readers via an embedded Google form
Setting up RSS feed for your iWeb blog
Generating income from your site by adding Google AdSense ads
Creating a simple online store
Plus, the ebook helps with uploading your site to the Web, covering questions such as these:

How do I divide space on my iDisk between general storage for things like iWeb sites and email-only storage?
What if I don't want to publish to MobileMe?
How do I set up iWeb 3's new internal FTP client?
Why would I want to publish locally, and how do I set that up in iWeb?
What if I want to publish to MobileMe, but use my own domain name in the URL?
How can I publish to a Dropbox folder?