Does "Abby Road" sound like "Please Please Me"? EUROPE progressed over the years and I think Prisoners in Paradise is a tight hard rock album with fantastic melodies. Some of my favorite songs were not put out as singles, such as "Girl from Lebanon," "Mind in the Gutter," "Bad Blood," and "7th Sign." I love Kee Marcello's flying guitar and Mic Michaeli's amazing keyboard solos. They acheived magical new heights within each song that Joey Tempest so brilliantly created. The album showed EUROPE as a solid band and captured each member's talent. This is an album that lacked proper promotion at the time and was very under-appreciated.
I am glad to learn that Spitfire Records are re-releasing this album with 2 bonus tracks, "Mr. Government Man," and "Long Time Comin'." I love "Mr. Government Man" as it reflected the American west influence on EUROPE back in their "Le Baron Boys" days. Sony should have released those LBB demo tracks as they sounded so incredibly powerful and lively! Anyway, if you are looking for some timeless good rock n roll, or if you haven't gotten the PIP album, the new re-issueing version is something you don't want to miss. I know I'll be back for it! Let the EUROPE times rock!! 

by Sawa Yukihito

TRACKLIST:

01 - All Or Nothing.wma                                          
02 - Halfway To Heaven.wma                                       
03 - I'll Cry For You.wma                                        
04 - Little Bit Of Lovin'.wma                                    
05 - Talk To Me.wma                                              
06 - Seventh Sign.wma                                            
07 - Prisoners In Paradise.wma                                   
08 - Bad Blood.wma                                               
09 - Homeland.wma                                                
10 - Got Your Mind In The Gutter.wma                             
11 - 'til My Heart Beats Down Your Door.wma                      
12 - Girl From Lebanon.wma   

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO