The ten year war resulted in huge territorial gains for Northern People’s Republic Azbaristan and their controlling political party, the Northern People’s Party, giving them control of the country except for the oil-rich province that is all that’s left of South Azbaristan.
The Southern Azbaristan Democratic Front of Soyth Azbaristan has only managed to hold off the North with the aid of the West, which supplies military and logistical aid to the tiny state in return for the oil exports from their vast reserves. Players will have the chance to assume the role of squadron leader Razor and lead the fight to reunify Azbaristan and protect the West’s vital interests.

Features:

Azbaristan, a country about to explode: Advanced Strike Fighters thrusts players into the pilot’s seat as an American squadron leader caught in the middle of a long overdue war to reunify the once proud country of Azbaristan. Take part in the Azbarian civil war across 16 thrilling missions.
Cunning enemies from the North: Take on the massive assault of aerial, ground, and naval forces with only seconds to decide your fate of victory or defeat.
Combat over land, air, and sea: Over 65,000 square KM of contiguous terrain, including cities, industrial centers, mountainous regions and deserts.
Diverse array of Advanced Fighters to fly: The player has access to over 30 flyable jets from the US, Europe, Russia and China. The game also features the very best of the nest generation in fighters such as the F-22A Raptor, F-35 Lightning II, Russia’s Su-35 Super Flanker and the 5th Generation PAK-FA.
Intense, expansive multiplayer: 16-player multiplayer combat to continue the action and theatre of war online. Also included is full campaign co-op play that accommodates 2-4 players.

Release name: Janes.Advanced.Strike.Fighters-SKIDROW
Size: 960 MB
Region: –
Genre: Flight Simulation
Publisher: Maximum Family Games
Developer: Trickstar Games
Release Date: 04.11.2011
Language: EN

Jane’s Advanced Strike Fighters System Requirements

Operating System: Windows XP, Vista, 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.0 GHz
Memory: 1 GB
Video Memory: 128 MB
Sound card: DirectX Compatible
Hard disc: 1,5 GB
Other: Keyboard and Mouse


INSTALLATION
1:Unpack the release
2:Mount or burn image
3:Install
4:Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5:Play the game
5:support the companies,which software you actually enjoy!