So I found some info and here I am again with a new version of Pinnacle Studio

Installation is the same as earlier version, if you dont get it search on youtube or something or read the simple readme.txt :p

Enjoy greets Mbb




Top Reasons to Upgrade to Pinnacle Studio HD v.15


» Archive/Restore feature makes it easy to back up all project data to a single location for instant restoration in the event of a computer crash.
» Support for DivX Plus HD (.MKV) lets you export projects in today’s most popular media exchange format.
» Export projects directly to YouTube HD and QuickTime HD formats.
» Easily import and export files in the format used by popular AVCHD camcorders.
» Intel Media SDK integration yields faster performance with recent generations of Intel processors—especially when scrubbing and playing back h.264-based formats like AVCHD.
» New added content makes it easy to create professional-looking movies right out of the box:
- Hollywood FX Volumes 1–3 provide over 1000 additional premium transitions and effects, making it easy to create great movies right out of the box.
- Premium Pack Volume 2 offers 54 DVD menu templates, 81 titles, and 79 sound effects with various themes.*
- Creative Pack Volume 1 provides over 32 DVD menus, 91 montage templates, and 28 titles with various themes.**
- Professional effects from award-winning visual effects company Red Giant*

* Only available in Pinnacle Studio Ultimate and Studio Ultimate Collection.
** Only available in Pinnacle Studio Ultimate Collection.
 

rought to you by Avid®, the world leader in professional audio and video creation technology, Pinnacle Studio™ HD Ultimate Collection v.15 makes it easy to edit like a pro with intuitive new features, ultra-fast performance, and a massive content collection. Quickly import videos and photos—then edit scenes and make HD movies with over 2,200 effects and other content. Place people over virtual backgrounds using the built-in chroma-key effect and 5’ x 6’ green screen. Add interest with sophisticated animated titles, and produce your soundtrack with immersive Dolby Digital 5.1 surround. Then export your projects to popular formats—or burn to DVD or Blu-ray—and share them with the world. The unique new Archive and Restore tool conveniently preserves your work.
Quickly import photos and video
Easily drag and drop videos, photos, titles, effects, and music
Automatically create music to fit the length of your movie
Choose from over 2,000 2D/3D effects, transitions, and other content—including professional Red Giant plug-in package
Place people over virtual backgrounds using the built-in chroma-key effect and 5’ x 6’ green screen
Preview in real time using the player window or full-screen mode
Create an immersive experience with Dolby Digital® 5.1 sound
Export to popular formats or burn to DVD or Blu-ray discs

Included Content Collection
Professional Red Giant Plug-in Package
With the Red Giant plug-in package, you can enhance your productions with the same visual effects used in blockbuster Hollywood movies:
Knoll Light Factory: Light and lens flares from master effects guru John Knoll (visual effects supervisor; Star Wars, Pirates of the Caribbean, Avatar)
ToonIt: Turn video into animation
Trapcode Shine: Light ray effects
Particular: 3D smoke, explosion, and rain effects
Magic Bullet Looks: Change the look and mood of your movie
Trapcode 3D Stroke: Animation and 3D effects

Hollywood FX Volumes 1–3
Over 1,000 unique, professional-level transitions and effects with themes including: Waves, Sports, Space, Sci-Fi, Holiday, Weddings, Comics and Cartoons, Pirates, Secret Agents, Tropical Vacation, Historical Architecture, and many more. Also includes HFX Editor for creating custom effects.

Creative Pack Vol. 1
32 DVD menus, 91 montage templates, and 28 titles, including: Cool Trees and Leafy Greens, Floral and Botanical, Hawaii, 50’s Modern, Islands, Red Retro, and many more.

Pinnacle Premium Pack Vol. 2
54 DVD menu templates, 81 titles, and 79 sound effects with themes including Baby, Kids, Winter, Travel, and more.