 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/df/5b/2ec6c0a398a033843eb9d110.L.jpg


Title: Joy to the World
Artist: Faith Hill
Audio CD (September 30, 2008)
Original Release Date: 2008
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Joy to the World!
02. What Child Is This?
03. Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town
04. Little Drummer Boy
05. O Come, All Ye Faithful
06. Holly Jolly Christmas
07. Away in a Manger
08. O Holy Night!
09. Winter Wonderland
10. Silent Night, Holy Night!
11. A Baby Changes Everything 


Amazon Description:
The first holiday album from super-star Faith Hill, 'Joy To The World' is a joy to behold, featuring beautiful new versions of ten traditional and modern classics, complete with horns, strings, woodwings, percussion and chorales, much like the big-band orchestras of the 40's and 50's. One of the most popular music stars in America, Faith Hill celebrates the joy-and faith- of the season with 'Joy to the World.' 

Allmusic Review:
Faith Hill's holiday album Joy to the World is a proudly old-fashioned record -- almost too much so, really, as there is nothing surprising about it, from its collection of shopworn standards to the full-blown yet curiously stiff production. Basically, this is an album where if you read the title, you will know how the song will sound: "Joy to the World" gets a big, bombastic, orchestral arrangement appropriate for a concert recital, "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town" swings like Sinatra conducted by Billy May, "Little Drummer Boy" is prim and proper, "Holly Jolly Christmas" feels pulled from Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer, "Away in a Manger" is sweet and stately. Everything is business as usual, right down to Hill's performances: big, not blustery; they're immaculate theater, sometimes verging on grandstanding but often suited for the occasion. Which might not make Joy to the World a singular holiday album in any respect -- it's too pat and perfect to be memorable -- but for anybody looking for a new old-fashioned Christmas album, this suits the bill just fine. 

