  In a not too distant future, the rapid advancement of technology has allowed
  man's common dream of colonizing distant planets become reality. With need
  of further natural resources and living space, the human race rapidly
  expands. Unprepared for the scale of development, the Federation, overseer
  for the process of colonizing the universe, limit the selling of 
  'terra-forming' permits. Outraged by the decision, powerful mega
  corporations begin holding an authoritarian rule on their very own "private"
  planets. The full autonomy of these new worlds soon creates a safe haven
  for criminal activity and bringing down the Federation is their number one
  priority. 

  For a little more than 12 months the Federation's special division has led
  an investigation into the ever more frequent case of government officers
  being confronted by criminals, commonly found under the influence of an as
  yet unknown stimulant. Based of synthetic enzymes, the substance causes the
  fearless, aggressive, trigger-happy and pain resistant hitmen to wreak 
  havoc, and the problem is now spreading. 

  Created with the purpose of ridding the planetary system of global hazards
  and crisis situations endangering the Federation's stability, the elite
  strike unit Chrome: SpecForce has finally caught a break in the 
  investigation. 

  Armed with the latest military technology in combat, designed with Special
  Forces in mind, the SpecForce field agents equip themselves with SPA4
  Power Armour, the main element of a SpecForce field agent's operational
  equipment and vital to mission success. Be it assassination, espionage,
  infiltration or sabotage, the armours systems enhance the efficiency of 
  tactical operations conducted in enemy territory. 

  Dispatched to the planetary system of Estrella to collect evidence, it 
  quickly becomes clear that a seemingly simple task leads to an intrigue
  on a much grander scale...


  Extract the RAR File & read the README file, enjoy.