Eilen Jewell (pronounced Ee-lyn) is an American singer-songwriter from Boise, Idaho.
Jewell was born in April 1979, grew up in Idaho City, Idaho and attended college in Santa Fe, New Mexico  Jewell began her musical career when she began busking on the streets of Sante Fe, New Mexico while attending college. She then moved to Los Angeles California and performed on the streets of Venice Beach California. Jewell moved to Western Massachusetts and then to Boston and began performing at local clubs  such as Club Passim, Plough & Stars and Johnny Ds. From 2005 to 2007, Jewell played regularly at the Tir na nog pub in Somerville, Massachusetts.

In December 2005, Jewell recorded a live demo album called Nowhere in Time and later recorded the album Boundary Country with Jason Beek on percussion, Daniel Kellar on violin, Jerry Glenn Miller on guitars and Johnny Sciascia on upright bass. Her album, Letters From Sinners & Strangers, was recorded at the Signature Sounds studio in Pomfret, Connecticut.

In 2008 Jewell released an album of gospel music with a band called the The Sacred Shakers consisting of musicians Jason Beek, Greg Glassman, Eric Royer, Jerry Miller, Johnny Sciascia, Daniel Kellar and Daniel Fram. In early 2009 Jewell released the album, Sea of Tears , which was called a startling departure by a Sydney Morning Herald music critic. In 2010, Jewell released the album, Butcher Holler, an album of Loretta Lynn covers. In 2011, Jewell released her fourth, full-length album of original music, Queen of the Minor Key.

Jewell and her band have toured the continental U.S., Canada, Europe, the UK and Australia beginning in 2005 including performances at South by Southwest, NPR's World Cafe, XM Radio, Mountain Stage, Woodsong's Old-Time Radio Hour, Falcon Ridge Folk Festival, Strawberry Music Festival, Ann Arbor Folk Festival, Bergenfest (Norway), Blue Highways Festival (Holland), Shrewsbury Folk Festival (UK), Kilkenny Rhythm & Roots Festival, Philadelphia Folk Festival, Bristol Rhythm & Roots Festival (Tennessee), Port Fairy Folk Festival (AU), Glasgow Americana Festival, Live Oak Music Festival (California), Tropical Heatwave (Florida), and Grassroots.

Jewell's songs have appeared on CW's Hellcats, HBO's True Blood and ABC's TV special Earth 2100.

Jewell has shared venues with Loretta Lynn, Chuck Prophet, Chris Smither, Fred Eaglesmith, Jimmy LaFave, Steve Forbert, Holly Golightly, Junior Brown, The Hacienda Brothers, Kris Delmhorst, The Holmes Brothers, Tom Russell, Dave Alvin, Big Sandy & His Fly-Rite Boys, Lucinda Williams, Mavis Staples, and Jack Williams. (wikipedia)

- - -

Eilen Jewell - Queen of the minor key  2011 
(Whately, Mass. Signature Sounds Recordings)

 1. Radio city 
 2. I remember you 
 3. Queen of the minor key  
 4. That's where I'm going 
 5. Santa Fe 
 6. Warning signs 
 7. Reckless  
 8. Over again 
 9. Bang bang bang  
10. Hooked 
11. Only one 
12. Long road 
13. Home to me 
14. Kalimotxo


Eilen Jewell, vocals, acoustic guitar, harmonica
Jason Beek, vocals, drums, percussion
Jerry Miller, acoustic, electric & pedal steel guitar
Johnny Sciascia, upright bass

Big Sandy, vocals
Rich Dubois, fiddle
Zoe Muth, vocals
David Sholl, tenor & baritone saxophone
Tom West, organ
