 http://bayimg.com/iAEPnAAdB

The Big Tease (1999)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0156639/

The Big Tease is a 1999 comedy film starring Craig Ferguson, directed by Kevin Allen, and written by Ferguson and Sacha Gervasi.

  Craig Ferguson  ...  Crawford Mackenzie  
  Chris Langham  ...  BBC Interviewer  
  David Rasche  ...  Stig  
  Frances Fisher  ...  Candy  
  Mary McCormack  ...  Monique  
  Donal Logue  ...  Eamonn  
  Isabella Aitken  ...  Mrs. Beasie Mackenzie  
  Kevin Allen  ...  Gareth Trundle  
  Angela McCluskey  ...  Senga Magoogan  
  Francine York  ...  Elegant Woman  
  David Hasselhoff  ...  Himself  
  Drew Carey  ...  Himself  
  Cathy Lee Crosby  ...  Herself  
  Bruce Jenner  ...  Himself  
  Nina Siemaszko  ...  Betty Fuego  

It was filmed on location in Glasgow and Los Angeles. The inspiration for this film came from Craig Ferguson's desire to make a cheerful film celebrating Scottishness, as opposed to the epic nature of films like Braveheart and Rob Roy, or the downbeat quality of Trainspotting and Shallow Grave. The script was snapped up by Warner Brothers after a five day bidding war. Warner Brothers was the only studio prepared to immediately greenlight the film. A fast turnaround was required so it could be shot while Ferguson was on hiatus from The Drew Carey Show.

The Big Tease was not the only hairdressing film in development at the time; The Big Tease was released first in 1999, causing Blow Dry to be delayed until 2001.

It took casting director Kris Nicolau about five weeks to fill all seventy roles in the film.  Frances Fisher was originally to read for the part of Monique, a role which went to Mary McCormack. Instead she opted to play Candy, the publicist.

Craig Ferguson attended a hairdressing institute to learn all about the art of hairdressing. The hairpieces used in the final Platinum Scissors competition are made from real human hair. Acrylic (which is normally used in wigs) doesn't photograph well and ends up looking like plastic. Each hairpiece weighed about 4 pounds (1.8 kg)

