RollBack Rx Professional 9.1 Build 2694553610 is designed to be an intuitive and versatile application which delivers an additional networking component that allows administrators to configure all of the RollBack Rx client installations over a internet based console. Simplifying the workload of the network administrator while providing all client-based functions on a remote console.

Benefits:
Schools may wish to restore workstations after every reboot or logoff while at the same time keeping “My Documents” exempt from restoration. So that documents can be changed while the system configurations remain consistent for all students during all sessions.
University / College IT Administrators use RollBack Rx to Restore IT systems back to the beginning of the semester with as little as 3 mouse clicks.  No more Ghost, imaging or cloning software required.  Simply Roll-Back and saving IT time and money..
Employees / Professional users may wish to have full access to all changes. Having RollBack Rx, invisibly take snapshots every hour or so. If the system crashes or is attacked by a virus; The user can go back to the latest snapshot.
Libraries and Public Internet Kiosks. With RollBack Rx, librarians can reset publicly shared system to clean, pre-configured states after each session. This can be based on a basic Restore on every Reboot or Log-off. With no ability for users to save any data whatsoever.
Home-users that download software may want to take a snapshot before installing new software. As it is well-known that most program uninstallers and add/remove programs leave file remnants and registry entries behind. Eventually slowing down system performance.
Beta Testers benfit by using RollBack as a software uninstaller and baseline utility. Beta testers can easily test, recover or uninstall any installed application.  Bringing back thier PC's to the exact state prior to testing.  Because RollBack Rx can work under VMWARE - RollBack Rx is the ideal choice for Beta Testing environments.
Network Administrators can easily back out of a failed software deployment process, incompatible critical update or service packs... Remotely, evaluate software products before actual deployments.
Technology Coordinators can restore IT systems with data up to the minute of a crash. With no data loss... Restore systems to a clean state after virus attack... Recover deleted files... Revert files to earlier versions.
Computer Technicians can fix daily user or program issues. Complete removal of Trojan horse or hacker software.

Major Features:
Support for Windows 2000, XP, VISTA, Windows 7  
Custom setup options  
Advanced Setup with program configurations  
Advanced Setup Configuration Wizard (ASCW)  
Deploy with network shares
Deploy with client side scripts  
Deploy with server side deployment software  
Deploy with Windows active directory  
Deploy with Ghost system images  
Restore system from local sub O.S.  
Restore system from local Windows  
Restore system from remote web interface
Restore system with batch files  
Restore system on restart
Restore system on log off
Restore system on a one time schedule  
Restore system on a daily schedule
Restore system on a weekly schedule  
Restore system on a monthly schedule
Snapshot current system before restoring  
No data lost system restore  
Recovery of corrupted, deleted files  
File history reversions
Maximum snapshots 60,000  
Lock snapshots  
Delete snapshots  
User defined snapshot properties  
View snapshot properties on local PC  
View snapshot properties through web interface  
Create a new snapshot from the local sub O.S.  
Create a new snapshot from local Windows  
Create a new snapshot from remote web interface  
Create a new snapshot with a batch file  
Create a new snapshot on system restart  
Create a new snapshot on a one time schedule
Create a new snapshot on hourly schedule
Create a new snapshot on daily schedule
Create a new snapshot on weekly schedule  
Create a new snapshot on monthly schedule  
Create scheduled snapshot within time range  
Create a new snapshot based on a user defined event  
Lock scheduled snapshot  
Manage snapshots from a central web interface  
Reset system to baseline
Create a new baseline  
Disable access control  
Built-in administrator account

 Requirements: Win 2000, XP, Vista Windows 7

===========================

Thanks, You!