Hi there..

I found this online, but can't give due credit to whomever uploaded it because I don't know who it was. But thank you very much.

From publisher's website:
"Launched at the Cannes MipTV market in March 2011 by distributor Mercury Media International and recently acquired by Fox, National Geographic, History and other broadcasters, comes a film that is astonishing viewers around the world. Hundreds of reviews hail this documentary as a film for its time.

Five years research and two years in the making, The Daniel Project is a gripping 90 min feature length documentary which puts ancient predictions of the future under a journalistic microscope and presents this astonishing subject in a unique format that will leave you on the edge of your seat.

As science continues to reveal the complexity of the world in which we live, there are those who claim we are not alone in this universe, and that compelling evidence is unfolding before our very eyes that clearly indicates mankind is hurtling towards his destiny.

A powerful presentation produced by UK production company, Studio Scotland, this intriguing film has all the hallmarks of a roller coaster Dan Brown novel, yet as the investigation unfolds it becomes shockingly clear that this is no work of fiction. The film begins with the presenter and self confessed atheist voice-over artist Jeremy Hitchen, accepting the challenge to investigate ancient predictions that may turn his world…. your world… upside down!

Taken from hundreds of 5 star reviews from people around the world, this epitomises the prevailing thought.

"Probably the most important documentary I have ever seen. I would describe it as inspired and ground-breaking in its field. Challenging and compelling. This is a must-see for 2011 and the clock is ticking..."

The Daniel Project… you can't afford to miss it!

Director: Stewart Menelaws
Producer: Deborah Forrest
Presented by Jeremy Hitchen
Produced by Studio Scotland Ltd (http://www.studioscotland.tv)
The Daniel Project (http://www.thedanielproject.tv)"

..And that is it. I think this movie is suitable for people from all walks of life. Just as long as they watch with a honest heart, the movie and it's implications are hugely interesting to say the least..
For us all. Seriously.

With love;
Verifire.
-----------
verifiremail@gmail.com