Q-ImageUploader Pro v1.042 Portable

Q-ImageUploader Pro creates fast photo and image uploaders based on Flash. You need it, if you want to equip your site with the ability of bulk photo uploading. If you develop a photo hosting service, social network, dating site, image printing service, e-shop and have to allow your clients upload lots of photos with a single click, then Q-ImageUploader is for you. Being essentially easy to deploy and configure, the tool saves a lot of developer time and effort.


More Features
Multiple images uploading
Propose your users a good and fast mass image upload.
Automatic client-side image resize, compression and rotation
Set resizing and compressing limits in the application and allow users to upload to server compressed images only. This feature can substantially reduce traffic, uploading time, and server disk space requirements.
General Files Uploader and Image Uploader Pro templates
General Files Uploader templates are simple and have basic functionality. Image Uploader Pro templates are more customizable and give you more control and features. Compare the templates.
Flash Player wide popularity
When you choose between Flash and Java image uploaders, keep in mind that Flash player is installed on 97% of Internet user computers, while Java is on 73% of them only (www.riastats.com). Also don't confuse Java and javascript.
Browsers and platforms compatibility
Due to prevalence of Flash player your image uploader will look the same in all modern browsers.
Choose a ready template or create your own skin
Depending on your needs you can whether use a template created by our designers for you or build your own brand new photo uploder.
Single File PHP Gallery integration
Q-ImageUploader allows to publish images instantly to the Gallery.
Flash Menu Labs integration
Upload images directly into Mac Slider Gallery menu type.
Add Intro
Put some important information or advertisement into Intro part of your uploader.
Use Controls
Controls allow to add information to the uploaded images (names, tags, comments, album names, print sizes, etc.)
Thumbnails & Details
Allow your users to choose between Thumbs and Details views of the image uploader. In Thumbnails view there is a Crop tool. It helps to crop images before uploading.
Drag & Drop
It's easy to sort photos with the simple Drag & Drop functionality.
Watermarks
You can add watermarks to images and thumbnails in order to protect the web site content.
Correct image orientation
QIU determines camera orientation from the EXIF information and rotates images automatically.
No Flash skills required
All that ActionScript programming job we have already done for you.
No additional software
You don't need to buy any expensive developing studios to create and customize Q-ImageUploader.
Professional approach
This tool is oriented for more advanced users, because you will need to organize an interaction between image uploader and your server. However don't be afraid - examples for PHP, ASP, ColdFusion and Ruby are provided.
Easy Start
It is very easy to start using QIU. However, if there are any questions you can use Q-ImageUploader Help tutorials or contact our responsive support team.


Home Page - http://www.quadroland.com/
