---------------
DESCRIPTION
---------------

This modification for Dawn of War adds the Tyranid race,
from the tabletop war-game Warhammer 40k from which Dawn
of War was based on, to the game. The Tyranids are an alien
race, threatening the imperium from the edge of the galaxy,
living only to feast upon the flesh of their foes. They are
a fearsome adversary, but an even better ally! That's why
our mod allows you fight with and for the great Tyranid race,
swarm the enemy with hundreds of hormagaunts, stamp on your
foes with the huge carnifex and devour your opponent from
within with the deadly lictor. We aim to show players of Dawn
of War what the fantastic Tyranids are and attempt to keep as
true to the feel of the race as possible.

Tyranids 0.5b1 Release
--------------------

+HOW DO I INSTALL IT?+

Simple run the installer! It should locate your DoW folder and
automatically install into the right place. This will
overwrite 0.45SS if you have it installed, however if you happen
to still have 0.3 installed for original Dawn of War or Winter
Assault, or any of the Dark Crusade releases it won't alter those
installs.

+WHAT IF I'VE MODIFIED YOUR MOD?+

If you've modified anything in the /Tyranids/ mod folder or
subfolders, you will need to backup your alterations prior
to running the installer as it will delete the entire
directory before installing this version of the mod.

===DISCLAIMER===

This is to acknowledge that we take no personal responsibility for any
hardware damage or data corruption brought forth by the use or
installation of this DoW modification. As used, this modification works
"as is" and has been thoroughly tested and should not cause any major
problems. In the event, however, that something serious does occur, it
is up to the user(s) of their computer(s) to make appropriate backups
before any attempt is madeto install the following DoW modification.
Use at your own risk.

40K, GW, Games Workshop, Tyranids, Hive Fleet Behemoth, Hive Fleet Kraken,
Hive Fleet Leviathan, and any Tyranid unit names are all either ®,™ and/or
© Games Workshop Ltd. Used without permission.

Hive Fleet Moloch is the property of Marco Schulze
(http://www.hivefleetmoloch.de/), whom we all admire and adore (and kindly
gave us permission to use his fleet colours).

===SPECIAL THANKS===

Special thanks have to be given, because without these wonderbras, this
mod couldn't have been possible. In no particular order:

-The Entire Tyranid mod team. Working hard to strive for the impossible
-The Dawn of Skirmish AI team, for their fantastic AI and Thudmeizer especially for his AI work
-Corsix, for his mod tools and game manager fix
-DoWFiles and Gameapollo, for their hosting space
-The Relic Forums community for being fabulous
-Lord Azreal - Leading the mod for a while
-Gwalchavad - Coding
-J_Ray - Hormagaunt and Termagaunt models
-Davisbe, for his great temporary team pattern files!
-VenerableDread for his temporary reclamation pool team pattern file!
-Whiteshield for his team pattern fix reskins and specular skins!
-Hollow for his translation work

Developer: Tyranid Mod Team