This torrent is the (as far as I am aware) most complete Glee music torrent, as of this writing - 5/26/11

This torrent contains the following items:


All eight official soundtrack albums - 

Glee: The Music, Volume 1
Glee: The Music, Volume 2
Glee: The Music, Volume 3 - Showstoppers
Glee: The Music, Volume 4
Glee: The Music, Volume 5
Glee: The Music, Volume 6
Glee: The Music Presents the Warblers
Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album

Volume 1 contains the iTunes bonus track, as well as the 3 Target bonus tracks. Karaoke Wal-Mart bonus tracks were skipped. Volume 3 is the Deluxe edition with an additional 6 tracks. Volume 5 contains the standard track "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" absent from the UK edition, as well as the UK exclusive "Afternoon Delight". The track listing has been ordered in a way that makes sense via ID3 tags, including both CD versions.


All four extended plays - 

Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna
Glee: The Music, Journey to Regionals
Glee: The Music, The Rocky Horror Glee Show
Glee: The Music, Love Songs


In addition, this torrent contains every officially released Glee single. However, to avoid needless redundancy, only singles not available on any albums (including those from the Love Songs EP) are *only* available ON THE ALBUMS.


More noteworthy, this torrent contains a vast amount of songs which were not even released as singles, mostly ripped from HQ TV rips and other sources. Some songs were skipped due to their short duration, such as Stephen Tobolowsky's song from the Pilot, or Aural Intensity songs. However, others such as Cabaret, the pilot auditions, Acafellas songs, Piano Man, and others are included. Typically, if the song contains original cast audio it is included. Songs which are original artist versions played to dancing are, for obvious reasons, not included.

These fake "singles" are placed, along with the official singles, in one folder for each season. Additionally, I have split up these two large "Singles" folders via ID3 tag into 2 discs each. Each disc is for half the season, going along with the seasonal episode breaks (Sectionals for S1, Christmas for S2.)


All official albums and EPs have been properly tagged for artists via numerous sources using REAL NAMES, except in certain exceptions such as not listing every extra in Vocal Adrenaline, etc. For the singles folders, I simply listed every actor who appears on-screen singing each given song, as trying to determine who is actually on the official recording is far too time consuming.

Lastly, the songs should be, apart from a complete writer's list, properly ID3 tagged for year, and album art has been assigned. Custom album art or substitute art is used for the singles folders.


I hope everyone enjoys this. Check the comments shortly as I will be uploading a complete Seasons 1 & 2 720p compilation of all the episodes that other people worked very hard to encode and distribute.

Thanks.