i'm the black rider, always faster than you

.                                    .

jerdfs

REAL.Studio.v2011r1.1.Multilingual.Incl.Keygen-BRD

Cracked by...: BRD Cult              Size.....: 14
Suplied......: BRD Cult              Date.....: 06/19/2011
Packaged.....: BRD Cult              Type.....: Keygen
Protection...: Custom                Os.......: WinALL

DESCRiPTiON

Whether you're new to programming or a seasoned developer,
Real Studio Desktop Editions let you make desktop
applications quickly and easily. With Real Studio's drag and
drop interface building a lot of your development happens
without writing any code at all. And since Real Studio allows
you to learn incrementally, you can start making progress on
your application today.

Real Studio is the easy-to-use, integrated development
environment that enables users at all levels to create
powerful stand-alone, native applications for Mac OS X,
Windows & Linux, without having to learn a complex
programming language. With built-in support for, database
servers, internet protocols, graphics, reporting and more,
Real Studio allows you to focus on your application, not your
code.

URL: http://www.realsoftware.com

iNSTALL NOTES

1. Install the program
2. Start our keygen and press PATCH HOSTS FILE
3. Generate a Serial
4. Now start RealBasic and enter Name & Serial in
registration dialog
5. Wait at least 2 minutes before entering the Authorization
Code
6. Enjoy )

GROUP NOTES

Team BRD is not responsible for the bad usage of this product
This release is for EVALUATION PURPOSES ONLY
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support

Remember, this is an INTERNAL SCENE RELEASE, we DONT support
the spread of this rls over web or p2p networks

The Black Riders Cult is looking for

.  Experienced Crackers, Unpackers and keygenners
.  Software Suppliers

t h e b r d at m a i l dot r u

AAAAAAAAAAAA

jerdfs

you will never defeat the riddle of the black riders

Keygen/Keygen.exe:FE557E17
Setup/RealStudioSetup.exe:F9A2D0DB