It is now more than eleven years since Sir Frances Hedman (1917-1990), Mr. Bluebell himself, heard Lena Jansson on a TV-show and totally excited called his friend composer-arranger-pianist Nils Lindberg in Dalecarlia, to tell him about his sensational discovery. Well, Nils said calmly, Thats the girl Ive been trying to tell you about.

Today Lena is well established, to say the least, and she is considered one of Scandinavians finest and most individual female jazz singers. Her records have been acclaimed not only in Sweden but all over Europe and she is very much in demand, in clubs and at festivals, both here and abroad. So Sir Francis who had been working extensively with singers such as Alice Babs, Birgit Nilsson, Nicolai Gedda and Elisabeth Söderström, was of course perfectly right, as usual.

This CD contains both new and old material. Five tracks were picked from Lenas first LP Pay som attention to me (issued in 1984 but now out of print) and the rest was recorded earlier this year. Nils Lindberg, who has always had a perfect feeling for finding the right musicians for every situation, was responsible for Lenas background in 1984 as well as in 1995.

I recommend you to lend an ear not only to Lena but also to Lennart Jonken Jonssons ageless and affectionate tenor sax, Torgny Nilssons too seldom heard trombone, Putte Wickmans clarinet (in By Strauss) and to young Johan Setterlinds melodic piano with traces from 52nd Street in New York as well as from the folk music of Dalecarlia.

All songs are written by the immortal Gershwin brothers, George and Ira, who between 1924 and 1937 were responsible for 17 musical comedies and four film scores. (Jan Olsson 1995)

- - -

Lena Jansson & Nils Lindberg Combo - That certain feeling-Gershwin Songs 1995
(Stockholm Bluebell)

 1. Isn't it pity 
 2. Someone to watch over me 
 3. Soon 
 4. Fascinatin' rhythm
 5. That certain feeling 
 6. 'S wonderful 
 7. Pay some attention to me 
 8. Embraceable you 
 9. But not for me 
10. Bidin' my time 
11. By Strauss
