Behind every box office hit is a Hollywood mogul… in The Movies Superstar Edition, that mogul is you!

Starting out at the dawn of cinema, it’s up to you to build your studio from an empty lot into a glittering Hollywood empire by producing must-see blockbusters, creating huge stars and giving the movie-going public exactly what they want to see. It’s not all award-parties though… you’ll need to balance spiralling budgets, fierce competition, and worst of all, actors’ egos if you want to make it to the top.

When it’s time to start the cameras rolling, settle into the director’s chair! The Movies comes packed with tools to help you write and direct your own films. Once you’ve polished your films to perfection, you can upload them to YouTube and show the world your best shots.

Included in the Superstar Edition is the Stunts & Effects expansion pack, which adds more sets, costumes, props, vehicles and backdrops for your virtual productions, along with a new employee type: the stuntman, and a host of new creative options with which to dazzle the audience.

Welcome to the dream factory, baby!

* Call the shots in Tinseltown – Design and run your own studio, from the early days of cinema through to the present day and beyond. 

* From pitch to premiere – Take full creative control of your movies. Write the scripts, direct them yourself and then edit your movie to perfection. 

* The part your Mac was born to play – Integration with iTunes lets you pick the perfect track for the scene… or write your own with GarageBand! 

* BAFTA Award-winning – The Movies for Mac won a BAFTA award in the Best Simulation category. 

* Top score – A brilliant soundtrack from composer Daniel Pemberton captures the changing eras of cinema, and gets you in the mood to make movie magic. 

* Show the world your talents – Upload your masterpiece to YouTube and share it with family and friends.

System Requirements

Minimum System Requirements

Processor: 1.6GHz
RAM: 512MB
Graphics: 64MB
Mac OS: Mac OS X 10.4
Hard Disk: 4GB
Drive: DVD
Input: Mouse

Recommended System Requirements

Processor: 2GHz
RAM: 1GB
Graphics: 128MB
Mac OS: Mac OS X 10.4.8
Hard Disk: 4GB
Drive: DVD
Input: Multi-button Mouse

Universal Application