Teen Daze has taken the internet by storm since he started posting music up on his Tumblr in late April of this year. According to this really interesting interview from Beyond Robson, the project had been going little more than a few weeks before Pitchfork caught wind, and since then he’s gone on to be featured more than five times on the music blog’s esteemed pages. Tracks such as “Shine On You Crazy White Cap” and “Gone For The Summer (Part Two)” circulated across the online music media world in a matter of days following the emergence of this (whatever you want to call it) shoegazing, lo-fi, electronica artist. Ten weeks on, and the Vancouver ambient dance project is seeing its first release via Arcade Sound (digital July 27th, physical August 12th) and on cassette via Wonder Beard Tapes, in what may well prove to be an inadequate print of just 100 copies.

Tracklist:
1. Four More Years
2. Gone for the Summer
3. Neon
4. Around
5. No Regrets
6. Shine On, You Crazy White Cap
7. Saviour
8. Spin Around, Go Ahead

The EP, entitled “Four More Years”, was kindly sent over in June by Arcade Sound – and has been enjoyed over at my end ever since. Its hazy glo-fi groove is very fashionable indeed (if its safe to talk of music in that way), drawing shamelessly and consistently from some of last year’s more memorable sounds, Washed Out and Neon Indian to name but a few. However the influence is most certainly not one-dimensional; musical influences are beneficial so long as something new is brought to the table – and what Teen Daze brings to the table is new emphasis on the chill. The beats behind are no wash-out, but the flesh on the percussive skeleton is awash with more distance than ever before. Any (perhaps) Toro y Moi inspired temptation to drop a hint of Michael Jackson into the mix are resisted by the Vancouver producer, who places his musical emphasis far more on the overall feel and effect than on individual melodies. Saying that however, there is definitely a euphoric French-house drive which is known to take over with little warning. Opening track “Four More Years” displays a touch of Baths’ glitch-hop and a street dance attitude which continues into track four, “Around”.

“Gone For The Summer” is a very different story – its the track where the chillwave influence shines through strongest. I wouldn’t be surprised if this was in fact what prompted Impose Magazine to ask if Teen Daze was the “chillest band on earth?”. Repetitive keys, 80s soft synths in their most unimposing setting and background vocals over a soft regular beat – You don’t get more laid back electronica than this. Remember Sun Visor who I mentioned on the blog a couple of months back? In exactly the same way, the best analogy I can think of is ‘M83, but really high’. “Saviour” is a similar story, with a cascading synth play off added in for (very slightly) more intensity.

“Four more Years” has come remarkably soon from a man who has barely booked in his first US tour as Teen Daze for this August – and who’s experience of music is limited to his less successful but nevertheless interesting folkier side project, by name of Two Bicycles. He’s also been busy collaborating with Houses and remixing Local Natives’ Wide Eyes to great effect. Whatever this guy does he’ll leave you relaxed and your mind drifting off into the unknown. Pick up the “Saviour” from the EP, his Local Natives remix and the Houses collaboration below, and check out his upcoming tour dates and fan-made turned official music video for track “Shine On, You Crazy White Cap”.