It's without question. This is something all Evanescence fans need in their collection! I notice this to be something a lot of artists are doing these days, and it probably is just a ploy to cash in, but I personally enjoy live CDs, and especially DVDs, so you can relive the experience or merely feed your curiosity if you missed one of your favorite groups in concert. I haven't seen Evanescence in person yet but after watching the DVD portion of 'Anywhere But Home', which was taped at a sold-out venue in Paris, I definitely think it would be worth it to try sometime. Amy Lee looks innocent yet deadly, her haunting vocals are in healthy form and the band sounds better than ever whilst they perform their greatest hits...which is basically everything since their melodies are all so unforgettable.... 

Many people claim Amy doesn't sing as well in concert as she does on her studio recordings and though they may be right, take into consideration the fact that she obviously gets really into the songs and because she jumps around so much, which equals exhaustion and breathlessness, I felt she did a pretty damn good job at controlling the words and pacing. You'll notice during the songs she sings while sitting at the piano, like on the wonderful Korn cover of "Thoughtless", the stunningly emotional "Breathe No More", and of course the infamous "My Immortal" she sounds quite better. Also, during a live event if you mess up there's no turning back so be grateful she doesn't lip synch like countless other acts around. And I'm so sick of people dissing this group simply because they had a lucky break and hit it big thanks to the 'Daredevil' soundtrack. I'm not saying Evanescence is better than similar groups who get far less recognition (or at least in the states) like Lacuna Coil, 'cause they're not, but they've also been around a while now so their fame didn't exactly happen over night. 

Bottom line is they've got undeniable talent and they are, in my opinion, a blessing to mainstream music which is mostly full of crap. But back to the CD/DVD combo... 

Closing the set is the new, or rather recycled track "Missing" (originally found on their hard-to-find 'Origins' CD) and it's a beautiful orchestral ballad, however it's the DVD that's truly spectacular! Aside from the concert it also features a lot of bonus material, and it isn't just filler either. The behind the scenes is great because you get to see a little of how they are in real life and it's not at all boring. It also includes all their videos to date, which are some of the most inventive I've seen in a long time ("Everybody's Fool" is without a doubt my favorite). And for the most part the concepts actually relate to the lyrics. 

I predict Evanescence will be around for many years to come and I can't wait to hear their new album set for release sometime next year.

by Clarissa "MoonGoddess"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Haunted.wma                                            
02 - Going Under.wma                                        
03 - Taking Over Me.wma                                     
04 - Everybody's Fool.wma                                   
05 - Thoughtless.wma                                        
06 - My Last Breath.wma                                     
07 - Farther Away.wma                                       
08 - Breathe No More.wma                                    
09 - My Immortal.wma                                        
10 - Bring Me To Life.wma                                   
11 - Tourniquet.wma                                         
12 - Imaginary.wma                                          
13 - Whisper.wma                                            
14 - Missing.wma        

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!  
