Live from the LG Arena in Birmingham, Sue Barker, Gary Lineker and Jake Humphrey present the biggest-ever Sports Personality of the Year event, celebrating the best moments from a thrilling year of sport.

This star-studded event features some of the biggest names in world sport, and the evening climaxes with the presentation of the most prestigious award in British sport, when the BBC Sports Personality of the Year for 2010 is crowned - an award chosen by the programme's viewers live on the night from a shortlist of 10 contenders.

Last year's winner was footballer Ryan Giggs.

2010 has been a busy year of sport, with many memorable highs and lows at major events like the football World Cup, Winter Olympics, Ryder Cup and the Commonwealth Games.

The year has also seen some stunning individual performances, from Amy Williams becoming the first British individual gold medallist at a Winter Olympics for 30 years, to 16-year-old diver Tom Daley winning double gold at the Commonwealth Games. Jockey AP McCoy finally got his hands on a Grand National win, while Lee Westwood became golf's world number one, and Graeme McDowell the first European to win the US Open title for 40 years. Team Europe triumphed in golf's Ryder Cup showdown, and England's cricketers have enjoyed a memorable year, with The Ashes still to play for. It has also been a great 12 months for British athletes, with golden glory for stars like Jessica Ennis and Mo Farah.

Alongside the nominees, many former winners of the award will be at the event, including Zara Phillips, Sir Henry Cooper, Dame Kelly Holmes, Joe Calzaghe, Andrew Flintoff, Sir Jackie Stewart and Damon Hill.

As well as the main award of Sports Personality of the Year, other awards include a very special Lifetime Achievement Award, honouring one of the world's true sporting legends. And further awards will be made to the Team of the Year, Coach of the Year, Overseas Sports Personality, Young Sports Personality of the Year, Sports Unsung Hero, and the Helen Rollason Award for outstanding achievement in the face of adversity.



