Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo.


"Foolish" is a song by American R&B singer Ashanti from her debut album. It was written by Ashanti, 7 Aurelius, M. DeBarge and producer Irv Gotti. It uses a sample of DeBarge's "Stay with Me" and features elements from "One More Chance (remix)" by The Notorious B.I.G. and M.V.P by Big L.

The song was released as the album's lead single on January 29, 2002. It spent ten weeks at number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 and U.S. Billboard Hot R&B Songs chart. The song became Ashanti's second number-one and third top ten on both charts. The song was in the top ten in United Kingdom, Australian and New Zealand, Canada, Germany and Japan .

In 2009 it was named the 19th most successful song of the 2000s, on the Billboard Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.

The filming session of the video for the single took place during January 2002. It was directed by Irv Gotti himself. The video grants us an insight of a relationship where the man, played by Terrence Howard, gets involved into some criminal acts, cheats on Ashanti, which ends up in a break-up after some quarrel. As the song suggests, Ashanti feels that she still loves her ex and that she just can't seem to get over him and becomes frusturated since her heart and her mind force her to love him and hate him at the same time. In supporting roles we can also see Charli Baltimore, Vita, Ja Rule and Irv Gotti. The video is set in the fashion of the movie Goodfellas, with Ashanti in the role of Karen Hill and Terrence Howard in the role of Henry Hill. Irv Gotti and Ja Rule are also in a scene appearing to take the roles of Jimmy Conway and Paulie Cicero. The video was a three-time nominee at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Female Video, Best R&B Video, and Best New Artist.

The song was nominated at the 2003 Grammy Awards for Best R&B Vocal Performance - Female, and Ashanti for Best New artist and won a Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Single for Female

There are several Ashanti publications and releases under the name "Foolish" and "Unfoolish" and inspired by the single (or vice-versa). A book called Foolish/Unfoolish - Reflections on love contains Ashanti's teenage poems and diary extracts. It was followed by an audio book with the same name defined as A spoken word album - read by the author released by Hyperion.

Ashanti is the self-titled debut studio album by American R&B singer Ashanti, released by Murder Inc. and Island Def Jam on April 2, 2002 in North America and April 8, 2002 in United Kingdom. The album saw the singer active in songwriting and producing, with chiefly producers and rappers Irv Gotti and Chink Santana.

Ashanti debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums with first-week sales of an impressive 503,000 units. The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on December 17, 2002. It earned Ashanti three Grammy nominations for Best New Artist, Best Contemporary R&B Album and Best Female R&B Vocal Performance. Ashanti also received two additional Grammy nominations in the same year for other projects, both in the category of Best Rap/Sung Collaboration.

Billboard magazine ranked Ashanti at number 100 on magazine's Top 200 Albums of the Decade.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/