   POtHS
                                  Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


                                       
                                       

POtHS - Conspiracy Facts - Part 93 - Conspiracy Theory - With Jesse Ventura Season 2 Complete & More

Conspiracy Theory - S02E01 - Plum Island
Conspiracy Theory - S02E02 - Area 51
Conspiracy Theory - S02E03 - Wall Street
Conspiracy Theory - S02E04 - Police State
Conspiracy Theory - S02E05 - JFK Assassination
Conspiracy Theory - S02E06 - World Wide Water Conspiracy
Conspiracy Theory - S02E07 - BP - Oil Spill
Conspiracy Theory - S02E08 - The 911 Pentagon Conspiracy

Also --  The Star of Bethlehem Conspiracy SOLVED.  This is one of the Most important conspiracies of all times solved just in time for CHRITMAS


The Star of Bethlehem

Wow,Wow and WOW. What a Christmas Gift. I have watched this 5 times in the last 2 days. Magnificent this is. This MOVIE will move all that watch. Believers and non-believers are in AWH at this presentation. You should this Christmas Day and see what the Stars say about December 25. The Lunar eclipse as we witnessed LAST NIGHT in California is a True sign of The Maker. New software lets you look at the Same Sky the Jesus looked at 2000 years ago. This is Spectacular. The new Software that is used for this production can be downloaded here.

You can download it here.

You can see the same skies the Jews gazed at thousands of years ago.





JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.

RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




           thankyou            thankyou            thankyou  
  