64-Bit Support
 QSetup Installation Software is compatible with the following 64-bit operating
 systems: XP-64, Vista-64, Win7-64, Win2008-64. Using QSetup Installation Suite
 you can create setups that will install 32-bit applications as well as 64-bit
 application.  

Windows 7™ Ready!
 Microsoft has recently released the official version of Windows 7! Using QSetup
 Installation Suite you can build your installations to be fully compatible with
 Windows 7, you have no time to lose. QSetup is Windows 7™ Ready!  

MSI
 Starting from version 9.0, QSetup can create MSI (Windows Installer) setup files
 as well as traditional self-extract EXE setup files. In fact the same setup
 definition can be used to compile both type of files MSI & EXE.  

It's so easy and yet so powerful...
 QSetup from Pantaray Research makes project packaging a fast and easy experience.
 Use our "intuitive" menus to easily handle your most challenging installation
 tasks. Set up sophisticated, condition-based actions and instantly test from
 within the Composer.  

Execution Engine
 The Execute Engine will let you perform a wide range of operations in a simple
 and intuitive way. Other installers like "InstallShield" "Advanced Installer" or
 "Inno Setup" implement such operations using very complex and time consuming
 scripting languages, making you spend unnecessary efforts in developing your
 software setup program. The operations of the "Execution Engine" can be
 UnConditional Conditional and in a While loop.  

Auto-update
 QSetup is unique in its ability to create setups that will AUTO-UPDATE from the
 Internet - when a new version of the program is available. You can also just AUTO
 INFORM your users of the availability of a new version, and prompt them to update
 using regular browsing techniques. Adding Auto-Update or Auto-Inform to your
 setup is very easy. The whole procedure can be completed just by using QSetup
 intuitive menus. No need to add any line of code to your program.  

Custom Dialogs
 QSetup PRO includes a special Custom Dialogs Designer tool. Using this user
 friendly tool you can easily create new dialogs that will suit your evolving
 setup needs. Each Dialog will contain as many controls as needed from an
 assortment of the 11 most popular controls available under Windows. Once a new
 custom dialog is ready use the "Execution Engine" to interact with the dialog at
 setup time.  


Language support
 QSetup includes the most comprehensive infrastructure for Multilingual
 installation support. You can easily create true Multilingual setup with several
 license & readme files in all the languages you choose. The actual setup language
 will be selected either automatically (by reading the LOCALE from the OS) or
 manually by the end user. All text can be fully localized. Currently more then 30
 languages are supported, and you can easily add your own language if your
 favorite one is missing.  


Tokenized Serial Numbers
 The idea behind Tokenized Serial Numbers is to provide every one of your
 customers with a UNIQUE serial number which is based on a secret Token provided
 by you, and a "User Name" and/or "Company Name" provided by the customer. Use the
 "Tokenized Serial Numbers" feature to greatly reduce software piracy and increase
 revenues.