 http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0532608/ 

Niccolo Machiavelli was a 16th century Political writer whose best
known legacy is his famous work "The Prince" read here by the talented Mr. 
Ian Richardson noted British actor.

His ideas are always touted as mainly he result of "wicked awareness" and
a need to be practical in the midst of it as being what is the resulting
idea of wisdom. As such it lacks real insight into human potential and its
proper rule through judicious use of power that is motivated by the greatest
idealism rather than the expediencies of what is the status quo - fraught
with inadequacies as has generally always been so.

Men must be taught what is right rather than what has generally worked well
enough to keep them going. That is the ultimate failing in his message
(see title of chapter 16 in particular)and of many others that continue to
think this way today everywhere we look on the world stage.

Michael Rizzo Chessman

3CD converted from 256k source to clear crisp 80k vocal bitrate  as the
content is all reading from a text so no loss of any quality is Germain or
really perceptible - however the savings in bandwidth are a necessity in such
a clear case of wiser decisions.

Chapter 1 - Types of territories
A very short chapter that names the types of territories ruled by
a prince and how he acquires them.

Chapter 2 - Hereditary states
Describes the ease and difficulties of holding hereditary states

Chapter 3 - Mixed principalities
Describes how new mixed principalities (principalities that are members of
a state) are to be taken and held.

Chapter 4 - Governing principalities
Contrasts the benefits and drawbacks of governing principalities using either
servants or barons.

Chapter 5 - Free principalities
Suggests three ways to govern cities and principalities that were used to live
under their own laws.

Chapter 6 - New principalities
Describe how to acquire new principalities using armies or your own abilities.

Chapter 7 - Armies of others
Explains the dangers of using the armies of others or good fortune to get and
keep principalities.

Chapter 8 - Be wicked! Describes how other princes acquired principalities
primarily through being wicked. Suggest how a prince that is not wicked should
use wickedness if he has to.

Chapter 9 - Civil principalities
Describes how civil principalities get created by the people or by nobles.
Suggest how a prince of such a principality should act toward the people
and the nobles.

Chapter 10 - Fortified towns
Describes when to fortify towns and when fortification is useless.

Chapter 11 - Principalities of the church
Explains why principalities of the church are held so easily.

Chapter 12 - Types of armies
Describes three types of armies: mercenaries (hired soldiers), auxiliaries, and
mixed armies. Describes the uselessness of mercenary armies and mercenary
captains.

Chapter 13 - Auxiliary armies
Describes the dangers of auxiliary armies. Describe the strength of having your 
own army, consisting only of people from your principality.

Chapter 14 - The art of war
Stresses the critical importance for a prince to know the art of war. Describes
what to study and why to study it. Stresses the importance of always being busy 
studying the art of war.

Chapter 15 - Qualities of a prince
Lists all the qualities a prince must appear to have. Also lists the qualities a
prince should stay away from.

Chapter 16 - Mean vs liberal
Explains why a prince should prefer being considered mean and not liberal.

Chapter 17 - Love, hate and fear
Explains the dangers if a prince is being hated. Also explains why being feared
is better than being loved.

Chapter 18 - Being like a lion and fox
Describe how a prince should be like a lion and like a fox. Lists the advantages
and disadvantages of being like a lion and a fox. Lists five important qualities
a prince must work hard at.

Chapter 19 - Why people hate
Describes what causes people to hate their prince. Explain why a prince should
never be hated. Discuss why conspiracies seldom succeed. Describe why France is
such a well governed kingdom.

Chapter 20 - Fortresses
Describes the benefits, dangers and sometimes uselessness of fortresses.

Chapter 21 - Dignity rules
Describes how a prince should conduct himself with dignity to get and keep
renown.

Chapter 22 - Intellectual secretaries
Describe why a prince must select only the best intellectuals as his
secretaries.

Chapter 23 - Flatterers
Explain why flatterers should be avoided.

Chapter 24 - Italy
Explain why the princes of Italy have lost their states. Suggest ways how these
shortcomings can be addressed.

Chapter 25 - Fortune
Describe the role of fortune (fate) in human affairs. Suggest how to prepare
against bad fortune. Explain why it is dangerous to rely on fortune to be a
successful prince. Explain why it is difficult to change your ways if your
fortune changes.

Chapter 26 - Lorenzo, please save Italy !
Makes an urgent plea for Lorenzo de’ Medici to become prince to save Italy from 
constant foreign invaders.
