The original Star Wars Galaxies in .iso format, taken from another site and reposted here to Pirate Bay.  

Since SOE dumped SWG entirely, they've got no room to complain about the SWGemu community.  This torrent is for them.  If, for some reason, you don't already know what SWGemu is; it an emulator that allows privately run, non-profit servers to host the original pre-CU and pre-NGE version of SWG (a.k.a. the REAL game).  Simply install this and then the SWGemu patch and you should be ready to go (after registering at an SWGemu host site, of course).


Notes: 

This torrent does NOT contain the SWGemu itself, but you can get that easily enough from any SWGemu host site.

This torrent DOES include JUMP TO LIGHTSPEED, which should prove handy if the SWGemu people ever get around to implementing that feature.


The History: 

Ever since the dawn of WoW, every game developer around has thrown all imagination out the window in favor of making yet another insipid redressed WoW clone or worse - turn already existing games into cheap WoW clones.  This was the fate of SWG as well.

But, unbelievable as it may seem, not everyone in the world wanted to play WoW or any of it's legion of clone games.  Some people actually liked a game system free from levels, bound items, auction houses, and narrow prefabricated classes that molded everyone into cookie cutter characters differentiated only by... well, nothing, really.  Sadly, SOE decided that the off chance of trying to lure away WoW addicts with their NGE expansion that turned SWG into "WoW with Lasers" was worth sacrificing both a great, original and complicated game along with their entire existing playerbase.  At no point did it ever occur to them that WoW players may prefer playing actual WoW over any wannabe clone games.  Their gamble failed big time & official SWG was shut down entirely due to having turned into a complete and utter failure.

However... there are still those who remember the original SWG, and the time before the dark shadow of WoW taking over the world of MMORPGs & molding them into it's own bland image.  The SWGemu community appeared at some point, using private, non-profit servers to offer this game to old fans and new.  All you needed was the disks.

And whaddaya know... here they are!  Enjoy!