. 
  
http://www.torrenting.com/        :     Greatest Movie Tracker on The Net!!!
 
http://www.Torrenting.com          :     Once & For all ;)


               www . Torrenting . Com 

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))


...................................NFO:....................................

. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                         The.Van.1977.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
        Title [ The Van                                          
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-07-22       Source [ Retail DVD        
        Retail [ 2008-01-22       iMDB [ 4.0/10 (360)      
        Runtime [ 86 mins          Size [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy/Music                                     
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075378/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
        Audio [ 108kb/s VBR Mono -V1                             
        Video [ 592 x 448 @ 1028kb/s 25fps                       
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Bobby Hampton has two loves: cars and girls. Unlucky       
         with girls, he's hoping to score once he gets "THE VAN".     
         When the van, a bachelor pad on wheels, complete with        
         waterbed, finally arrives he cruises town, hitting on        
         girls... but no luck. Bobby is lovestruck when he meets      
         Tina, but even after spending a hands-off night in his       
         van he's turned down. After Bobby wins a Van drag race       
         to help a friend, his luck changes and he wins the girls     
         of his dreams.                                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           If we say this film was released by Crown                  
         International Pictures, those with a love for cheap          
         sleazy drive-in romp will know exactly what this is, and     
         will know to appreciate it!                                  
                                                                      
           Few actors in The Van are likely to be recognized by       
         today's audience, and even fewer continued acting at all     
         beyond the 80s or early 90s. The sole notable exception      
         is of course Danny DeVito, who received top billing on       
         home video releases, and is presumably the main reason       
         this made it to DVD at all - despite his brief bit part      
         lasting less than 7 minutes!                                 
                                                                      
           Lead Stuart Goetz may not have had much of an acting       
         career, but later went on to rediscover himself as a         
         music editor, for which he made an industry name for         
         himself - not only on shows like One Tree Hill, The West     
         Wing or Everwood, but more importantly, plenty of 80s        
         Saturday morning cartoons!                                   
                                                                      
           What ultimately makes this an interesting title is         
         beause of the role it played as a 70s early forerunner       
         to what would become the hugely successful category of       
         teen sex comedies of the 80s, and for that we feel it is     
         certainly worth watching.                                    
                                                                      
           Enjoy!                                                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx