FADER (a Screenplay-Novel by Rye-n)

Let me get you up to speed. It's 2045 and we've come a long way. The unexpected Gamma Burst of Alpha Centauri turned our world upside down. There was just one problem: we lived.

It's been everyone's understanding that in the event of a Gamma Burst, the extent of the radiation produced from said burst would be enough to decimate Earth and all its living species.

And yet, we're still here.

The electromagnetic radiation emitted from the Gamma Burst appeared to have somewhat of an unlocking effect in regards to those susceptible. Thus awakening inner affinities that seemed to lie dormant, somehow waiting to be triggered. Long story short, many were endowed with special abilities.

Equally impressive, animals of various species—just like humans—are well equipped with special abilities as well. It should also be noted that the animals susceptible to the benefits of the Gamma Burst have an unusual added benefit: with each new consecutive reproduction, the animals—depending on their original size—tend to double, triple, and in some cases, quadruple, in size. And it doesn't look to be slowing down any time soon.

But don't get me wrong, the transition didn't just go smoothly. The world was inundated with people and animals with special powers. The animals had to be tamed in such a way so that they didn't become a threat to the general public, and if they couldn't, well, they were exterminated. Humans were a different beast in of itself. After the Gamma Burst, within a matter of seconds, people started discovering their special abilities.

And that's where it all fell apart.

Now, the random guy walking down the street could have the power to wreak havoc on an entire city block. The kid holding his mom's hand could effectively take out an entire country with his power to control the weather.

Unaware of the onset of these new found abilities and more importantly, how to control them, havoc ensued throughout the world. In every continent, every country, every state and city. Boundaries were crossed; treaties and laws were ignored; and inevitably World War III commenced.

If all of this doesn't seem bad enough, this also ignited the international robot arms race. If you were to ask my personal opinion, it was more like the robot arms blitz. It happened so fast it was quickly thrown into the conflict. Its main purpose was to protect those without special powers from those that do—essentially level the playing field.

But just like those with abilities used them for good or for bad, same went for those with robot allies. Something had to be done to end this bloodbath. And it was only when the world had lost more than two billion lives that its leaders realized enough was enough. Negotiations were held; treaties and laws were put in place to accommodate the new structure of what the world's nations were capable of. After five years of around the clock destruction and bloodshed, World War III crawled to a halt. 

Despite this, tolerance for those with special powers and those with robot allies walked a thin line. Separation was the only logical decision the Global Defense Council was able to institute. Each "faction" was segregated into its own academy. The five factions and academies are as follows:

Evoker Academy / Sealer Academy / Infuser Academy / MechEng Academy / Artificer Academy

Dr. Saturn, along with Saturn Robotics—the foremost distributor of the world's robotic needs—has initiated a plan to build The Saturn Academy, the first academy to pull 25 cadets from all 5 factions. Coincidentally, on their first day, these five teams of five will be tasked with defending the world. 