Mari Boine, previously known as Mari Boine Persen, (born 8 November 1956) is a Norwegian Sami musician known for having added jazz and rock to the yoiks of her native people. Born in Finnmark, Norway she grew up amid the Laestadian Christian movement as well as amidst discrimination against her people. She was asked to perform at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, but refused because she perceived the invitation as an attempt to bring a token minority to the ceremonies. Gula Gula (first released by Idut, 1989, later re-released by Real World) was her breakthrough release, and she continued to record popular albums throughout the 1990s.

In 2003 Boine was awarded the Nordic Council Music Prize. She was appointed knight, first class in the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav for her artistic diversity on September 18, 2009.

- - -

Boine was born and raised in Gamehisnjarga, a promontory on the river Anarjohka in Karasjok municipality in Finnmark, in the far north of Norway.

Her parents were Sami (Lapps). They made a living from salmon fishing and farming. She grew up steeped in the region's natural environment. The local school that she attended reflected a very different world. All the teaching was in Norwegian. Boine is said to have felt ashamed of her people and her Sami origin. As she grew up she started to rebel against being an inferior Lappish woman in the Norwegian society.

Her songs are strongly rooted in her experience of being in a despised minority. For example, the song 'Oppskrift for Herrefolk' ('How to Be a Lordly People') on her breakthrough CD 'Gula Gula', sung in Norwegian unlike the rest of the songs which are in Sami, speaks directly of 'discrimination and hate', and ironically recommends ways of oppressing a minority: 'Use bible and brandy and bayonet'. Her other songs are more positive, singing of the beauty and wildness of Sapmi (Lapland).

She sings in a traditional folk style, using the yodelling 'yoik' voice, with a range of accompanying instruments and percussion. (wikipedia)

- - -

Mari Boine - Cuovgga Airras-Sterna Paradise
(Oslo Universal Music Norway)

 1. Lene Majja
 2. Ipmiliin halesteapmi (Conversation with God)
 3. Soagŋosilbbat (Courting Jewellery)
 4. Soria Moria Palassa (Soria Moria Palace)
 5. Cuovgga airras (Sterna Paradisea)
 6. Claudiinna lavlla (Claudine's Song)
 7. Skealbma (The Mischievous)
 8. Iditveiggodettin (Dawn)
 9. De mana, rahkasan (For My Daughter)
10. Lihkahusat (Entranced)
11. Go idja nuossala (When Night Is Almost Done)
