Iphone PC Suite v2.9.57.239 (Windows)

 
http://img27.imageshack.us/img27/5030/434cd3b4a57e86700fe1ae9.jpg


91 PC Suite for iPhone has updated to V2.9.57.239. You can update your PC Suite to the latest version via the auto-update function, or click on the official download address of Panda PC Suite to download its complete installation package and install it.

Free! - PC Suite is totally free to use. Additionally, it offers free technical support, free resources downloading and installation
Manage your smart phone easily and safely! - Back up and import contacts, back up and import call logs and SMS records, set the ringtones, themes and wallpapers, manage the system, memory and registry of the phone, install and uninstall software, manage schedule…you can manage all functions and settings on your smart phone.
Chat via SMS! - You can chat with your friends and family via the SMS online on your PC
easily.
Massive resources, free to install! - Wallpapers, ringtones, themes, softwares, games and eBooks, FREE is our eternal principle.
Gorgeous use experience! - We integrate the iPhone style in PC Suite to make you enjoy the most fashionable interface and feel the most considerate operation during your use.

[b]91 PC Suite for iPhone V2.9.57.239

New Features:[/b]
1.Added “91MBA” feature under the Media tab, making your learning easier;
2.Added a quick access to file directories in Files, making you access frequently used directories with just one click;
3.Added support for adding wallpapers by “Drag-and-Drop” in Wallpapers, making you set your wallpaper more conveniently;
4.Added support for iOS4.2.1 in Wallpapers;
5.Added support for adding books by “Dragon-and-Drop” in Books;
6.Added support for unjailbroken (no PandaDaemon installed) devices in Pictures;
7.Added support for making a device in Recovery mode exit the Recovery mode once the device is connected to PC Suite
[b]
Optimizations:[/b]
1.Optimized “Panda Video” and added support for browsing video resources even when the device is not connected;
2.Optimized backup and restoration prompts, and now no repeated prompts will show for the same device;
3.Optimized the display effects of PC Suite on small resolution screens;
4.Optimized the loading speed of Files, making you open the Files interface more quickly;
5.Optimized Software Package feature.

[b]Bug Fixes:[/b]
1.Fixed the issue that PC Suite may not be able to run on some devices because of SHSH backup;
2.Fixed the issue that uploading books may fail on some devices;
3.Fixed the issue that in Pictures, uploaded pictures didn’t display on iPads;
4.Fixed the type error of some call logs;
5.Fixed the invalidation of the ringtone replacement button in Ringtones;
6.Fixed the abnormality of Task queues.





PC Suite for iPhone Gets Multi-Language Support Now
 
http://img710.imageshack.us/img710/5830/multilang1.jpg

