Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Ruby Soho" is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released as the third and final single from their third album, ...And Out Come the Wolves. It peaked at #13 on the U.S. Modern Rock chart.

The song has been covered by artists such as Japanese voice actress Rie Tanaka on the compilation Puncolle - Voice Actresses' Legendary Punk Songs Collection, as well as the Japanese rock band BIS, It was also covered by American indie rock band Vampire Weekend in February 2010 during a BBC radio session.

On July 21st 2009 it was released along with Time Bomb and Last One to Die in the Rancid 01 track pack for Rock Band 2. The song was released amongst other two songs: 21st Century (Digital Boy) by Bad Religion and Linoleum by NOFX as downloadable content for Guitar Hero World Tour & Guitar Hero 5.

…And Out Come the Wolves is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released on August 22, 1995 through Epitaph Records. Rancid's popularity and catchy songs made them the subject of a major label bidding war (hence the title, ...And Out Come the Wolves taken from a poem in Jim Carroll's Basketball Diaries) that ended with the band staying on Epitaph. With a sound heavily influenced by ska, which called to mind Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman's past in Operation Ivy, Rancid became one of the few bands of the mid-to late-1990s boom in punk rock to retain much of its original fanbase. In terms of record sales and certifications, …And Out Come the Wolves is a popular album in the United States. It produced three hit singles: "Roots Radicals", "Time Bomb" and "Ruby Soho", that earned Rancid its heaviest airplay on MTV and radio stations to date. All the singles charted on Modern Rock Tracks. …And Out Come the Wolves was certified gold by the RIAA on January 22, 1996. It was certified platinum on September 23, 2004.

Along with Green Day's Dookie and The Offspring's Smash, ...And Out Come the Wolves helped revive mainstream popular interest in punk rock in the mid-1990s, signaled the initial rise of mainstream punk rock, and proved to be a massive success for the band, making them possibly the most popular American punk rock band to be signed onto an independent record label. Since 2004, the album has continued to sell millions of digital copies.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/