Title: Pure
AKA: Beloved
Year: 2010
Original title: Till det som är vackert
Runtime: 1 hour, 37 minutes
Country: Sweden
Language: Swedish
Subtitles: Bulgarian | English | Finnish | Portuguese{BR) | Serbian | Turkish (.srt)
Genre: Drama

Director: Lisa Langseth

Cast/Elenco:

Alicia Vikander  ...  Katarina  
Samuel Froler  ...  Adam  
Isabella Alveborg  ...  Nya receptionisten  
Anna Astrom  ...  Cicci  
Josephine Bauer  ...  Birgitta  
Doris Funcke    
Ylva Gallon  ...  Sjukskoterskan  
Elisabeth Goransson  ...  Agneta  
Kim Lantz  ...  Vaktmastare  
Magnus Lindberg  ...  Nille  
Par Luttrop    
Frederik Nilsson  ...  Henrik  
Helén Soderqvist Henriksson  ...  Personalchefen  
Martin Wallstrom  ...  Mattias  
Robert Wetterlund  ...  Jonny  

Plot / Synopsis

Katarina lives in poverty with her boyfriend Mattias in an unkempt apartment where Mattias spends his days watching television while Katarina seeks meaning to her grungy life on the streets as a prostitute. Her family is in disarray - her mother Birgitta is an alcoholic and a mentally ill wasted person - and Katarina is discontent. By chance she hears some Mozart played on the YouTube and has an epiphany moment. She has been a driven, hurt and hopeful soul, but Hearing Mozart somehow changes that. The music draws her to the Gothenburg Symphony Concert Hall where because of some free tickets she and Mattias hear a performance of the Mozart Requiem as conducted by Adam: the experience bores Mattias but transforms Katarina. The concert hall becomes a magnet for Katarina and as she sneaks into the hall for a rehearsal of the Beethoven 3rd she is mistakenly identified by receptionist Nya as a potential candidate for job in the hall. Katarina's apparent love for music and her openness gain her the position of Concert Hall receptionist: she has escaped her dreary life and is surrounded by classical music. Gradually Katarina meets and becomes friends with Adam who finds her refreshing and in addition to talking about music he introduces her to great literature and philosophy. The bond grows and Katarina and Adam have an affair, a relationship that is transient because Adam is married. When Adam shares with Katarina that the affair must not go on, Katarina is crushed, and because of the fear Adam holds about her omnipresence in the concert hall, he has her fired. The manner in which this abrupt change in Katarina's transformed new life progresses echoes one of the phrases of Kierkegaard the Adam taught her - "Courage is life's only measure' - and the story takes surprising turns and an even more surprising end.

Katharina, uma jovem de 20 anos, não tem muito na vida, mãe alcoólatra, muitas vezes não tem dinheiro nem para o mercado. Sua vida não teria sentido, se não fosse pela música. Apaixonada por Mozart, um dia, ela vai a um ensaio de um concerto em Gotemburgo. Trabalhando como recepcionista, Katharina conhece o maestro Adam na máquina de café, que começa de forma paternal a encorajá-la no mundo da música e da literatura. Mas não demora a se tornarem amantes. Para ele, que é casado, não passa de uma relação passageira. Ela termina com o seu namorado, que não conseguia entender sua paixão pela música. Seu amor por Adam – até então corajoso e destemido - fica sério, e isto levará a uma consequência fatal.

Source: Internet
Group/Ripper: Unknown / Thanks to Original Ripper
Video Format: AVI/XviD
Video Bitrate: 1005 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Resolution: 608 x 320
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.182
Audio Format: MPEG Layer 3
Audio Bitrate: 112 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz
Size: 701 mb
