Im seeding this to get my mate some more exposure from the music community.

-------
Bio

I'm a trance music producer from Sydney, Australia. Composing and mixing has been a long time hobby, and will be for a long time yet! I first started playing around with music composition at 2001, but really got into it from around 2004. Since then I've been on and off, mixing a few tracks once in a while.

My main genre is trance, more specifically classic / progressive trance. Sometimes I compose some classical / soundtrack / cinematic stuff, good for practicing musical composing skills. 

I'm currently doing a Bachelor of Science, Computer Science (Honours) at the University of New South Wales. I have been doing an internship with Google Sydney, working on the maps team.

Gear

Almost all my mixing is done in software with FL Studio 9. I first picked up Fruityloops 3.5 many years ago, after hearing the startup demo song, which was a shortened version of Toby Emerson's Raindrops. I don't use much hardware or recording equipment.

I've been moving more and more of my mastering to Pro Tools 8 LE, after falling in love with its compressor plugin. Has a nice mixing / recording interface, comes with some very high quality plug-ins and epic audio editing functionality. MIDI composition and drum sequencing is still quite lacking in Pro Tools 8 though.

I run an Intel i5 760 Quad, with the onboard Realtek HD audio card, though an MBox Micro2 USB dongle ( they don't make those any more:( ) which turns up as an ASIO device. For headphones, I use a pair of Sennheiser HD280 Pros, nice entry level closed flat response studio monitoring circumaurals (recommend them!). Also, sometimes I plug in a MIDI keyboard or two and press notes. That's about it for hardware equipment. 

Influences

Toby Emerson - my primary influence, it's old Toby that got me into the Trance genre at first.

Gareth Emery - this guys gaining a lot of popularity really really quick. He mixes in a wierd housey style though.

Ron van den Beuken - old school trance producer. He topped dutch dance charts for a damn good while. Had him on MSN too!

Sector 7 - was one of the few good bands on SoundClick, back then years ago.

RikiB - Rich bass, catchy chords, very high quality pads, this guy influenced me quite a lot, especially on my pads and breaks.

Oneilio - Patrick O'neil, who was very good with composition. I think he's working now as a film/media music scorer after attending some music academy somewhere.



Follow HyperNewbie on his Facebook. Show him some Likes !


-------------------
www.hypernewbie.com
-------------------

I don't own these songs. Im seeding them as a favour to Xi (HyperNewbie)

Make sure to spread the music around and SEED ! :D

~ Andy/Yasa