Jimmy Carl Black & The X-Tra Combo
Mercedes Benz




Label: Inkanish Record Company
Released: 2001
Source: Original CD
Size Torrent: 357 MB
Format: FLAC





Jimmy Carl Black always wanted to produce an album, and he had his first opportunity with the Austrian horn-based rock band The X-Tra Combo. In two series of sessions in 1997 and 2001, JCB recorded songs from his past and some new ones. 

Two Frank Zappa songs, "Big Leg Emma" and "Road Ladies," are featured along with many other classic performances.

While it is certainly one of the best representations of rock veteran Jimmy Carl Black as a vocalist, Mercedes Benz slightly suffers from a touch of schizophrenia, as if it was a "mercy-D" with an ashtray belonging to a lesser brand of car. The effect is not the result of the CD being made up of material from two different sessions, one in 1997 and one in 2001. That production aspect comes together seamlessly. The X-Tra Combo is what might be called a rock & roll and rhythm & blues show band, a couple of horns and a couple of keyboards adding to a sound that is much bigger than the number of people on-stage. On the lion's share of the CD's tracks, Black is backed up on various songs from a repertoire he has slowly been building up in his various activities with bands such as the Grandmothers, the Muffin Men, and so forth. These numbers come off so vividly that it almost seems like carping, or complaining about the ashtray in a beautiful car, to mention that when vocalists from the X-Tra Combo take over and Black steps down there is a diminishing in personality, if not technical quality. The tracks without Black in part go for more of a swing feel, a bit like a Brian Setzer performance in this style. It is good music, but simply not as enjoyable as the Black vocal repertoire, a span that covers authentic blues, goofy Zappa, and vintage psychedelia. "Low Ridin' Man" is a songwriting collaboration from years back with Tjay Cantrelli, once a member of Love as well as Black's Geronimo Black project in the '70s. "Big Leg Emma" and "Road Ladies" are from the Zappa think-tank and like many of the performances here might be the ultimate versions of Black doing these songs, the X-Tra Combo playing as tight as a tick's grip on the back of a dog. The reading of "I'm Willin'" stands up alongside any of the other myriad versions of this Lowell George epistle, and Black's own compositions, including "Lady Queen Bee," are played with punch as opposed to the Grandmothers' light slap. 

Excellent blues rock album and addition to JCB's discography. Any fan of the original MOI would certainly enjoy this album, particularly the two Zappa tracks: JCB and The X-Tra Combo give them both a fresh new injection of the blues.





Personnel

Stefan Schubert – Guitars, vocals
Herb Burger – Saxes, keyboards
Peter Angerer – Drums, percussion
Horst Hofer – Trumpet
Dietmar Kastowsky – Bass
Jimmy Carl Black – Vocals
Sabina Hank – Keyboards, background vocals





Track Listing

01. Mercedes Benz – 4:37
02. Caledonia – 3:09
03. Willin’ – 5:23
04. Big Leg Emma – 2:59
05. (Every Time I Hear) That Mellow Saxophone – 2:13
06. Hoochie Coochie Man – 3:41
07. Ocean of Love – 4:00
08. Lady Queen Bee – 4:18
09. Low Ridin’ Man – 4:40
10. Road Ladies – 4:50
11. Blue Eyed Woman – 3:00
12. Demasiado Corazon – 3:39
13. Black Cadillac – 1:46
14. I Wish – 4:16 
