The Secret Sisters are a new-age traditional Country music duo, consisting of vocalists Laura and Lydia Rogers, signed to Universal Republic/Beladroit Records. Their 1950s-inspired musical style has been described as a guileless, rapturous mixture of rootsified pop. The critically acclaimed duo's music has been compared to artists like The Everly Brothers and Doc Watson.

- - -

Laura and Lydia Rogers are real-life sisters from Muscle Shoals, Alabama. With a love for music coming from both sides of their family (their grandfather and his brothers forged a group called The Happy Valley Boys), the barely twenty-somethings share a familial camaraderie in their recordings and on stage. Growing up with a zeal for country music provided the sisters with a knowledgeable classic repertoire that they bring into the studio and showcase on their self-titled debut album. They grew up singing songs with their family by Country music artists such as Don Williams. The girls first learned to harmonize classic gems by The Everly Brothers, Doc Watson, and others at annual family picnics. They also credit growing up in The Church of Christ and their home congregation in Alabama for encouraging a cappella singing, while acknowledging their nurturing Alabama background that seems to be illustrated in their music. Laura and Lydia never considered a singing career as a duo. Laura went to Middle Tennessee State University to pursue a career in business, while Lydia was considered the real singer of the family.

Laura traveled to Nashville, Tennessee for an impromptu audition at Hotel Indigo where music business representatives and producer Dave Cobb were present, looking to create a new singing group. Lydia couldn't make the audition, so Laura traveled by herself, where she auditioned with Same Old You by Brandi Carlile. Representatives from the audition soon asked her to come back to Nashville, to which she asked if she could bring her sister Lydia along. Lydia showed up later and they were asked to sing together, resulting in the formation of The Secret Sisters. The girls were soon flown to Los Angeles, California for their first time in the studio to record a couple of demos. For Laura, it was her first time in an airplane. The demos were produced and record companies began responding accordingly. Within weeks, they were assigned to Universal Republic and the song selection process for their debut album began.

Their self-titled debut album consists of ballads, originals, and cover songs such as Why Don't Ya Love Me?, Why Baby Why, and the Frank Sinatra classic Something Stupid. The album also includes two originals written by Laura Rogers: Tennessee Me and Waste the Day. The album was recorded in two weeks at Blackbird studios. Their eleven-song debut was produced by Dave Cobb, who has worked with artists such as Waylon Jennings and Jamey Johnson, and also executive produced by Grammy Award-winning T-Bone Burnett. The Secret Sisters brought in studio musicians such as steel guitar player Robbie Turner and pianist Pig Robbins.Also included on the album is a cover of the 60s rock song by then teenage singer Nancy Baron I've got a Feeling, written by Wally Zober and C. Laverne. The album was also recorded with classic analog equipment, the way it would've been done in the 1950s, with no computers or digital equipment. The production team and the Sisters utilized vintage microphones and classic recording techniques, down to the same type of tape they would have used fifty years ago. The album was released October 12, 2010. Laura tried to describe the experience by expressing: In so many ways we are still the same kids who would perform songs in our parents' room, when we sang about silver threads and golden needles and cold-hearted snakes, and all that. Even with everything that's happened, getting that dream chance to make our own album, I really believe we've just found where we're supposed to be. (wikipedia)

- - -

Secret Sisters - The Secret Sisters 2010
(New York UMG Recordings)

 1. Tennessee me. 
 2. Why Baby why. 
 3. The one I love is gone. 
 4. My heart skips a beat. 
 5. Something stupid. 
 6. I've got a feeling. 
 7. Do you love an apple. 
 8. All about you. 
 9. Waste the day. 
10. Why don't you love me. 
11. House of gold
