Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:        
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:         
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:        
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains three videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?tiaqlof9smv1limk7stleo4k18y  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?tbr61l1yr6lhbkgx3fjfut2akhq  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?dpvvy66or6zliznxaunhrggfuu   squatting 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5ym306uwgrjbn3yq913ylbqk4hp  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zbkrnaxnwxkm364dqk0stsfmlhw  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5p1zua0i3oq0y7r55m0fpon212na vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?m55ru6pngz5inurk1ip64yktm7vn vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?njaksb7a3f2v8vywg3gc37r76osr vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?uzkqyb6qaa14q1irx6lgkzxb25m7 vid 2 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?b9m8qsno3jpx2bfxd71sps0vxa   vid 3 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xnnc6a0lmuo1yfp09eyg6k6ywq1a vid 3 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: I was 18 when I did my first shooting, then 19 when I did that girl-girl shoot. Now I'm 22 and I feel like the older one on the website! I don't think I've changed much but my breasts got a little bigger. It really struck me to contact FTV and see whats up, since its been over 3 years. I do a lot of webcam work since its easier and I can do it at home but its not as paying as it used to be. I think the changes to the economy are keeping guys from spending on things like this. Guys who do like my webcams would say to me that they loved my FTV work and would really like to see me come back again. So here I am, and I'm glad that the photographer wanted me back. I didn't even know if he would reply to my email! Once I got my shoot confirmed with him I told him that I'm up for any challenge! I went out and bought a bunch of new clothes, heels, underwear and even a few toys. I don't know why, but I was really nervous at the beginning when I met the photographer again. But his easygoing personality just let things flow nice. I saw all the groceries he had purchased and I knew he was going to try me to my limits! I won't narrate all about the things I did on the video, since you can click on the videos and they're literally in your face!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  One day I get an email from Melissa in my inbox, hadn't heard from her in a long while. She was looking real good in her photos, and I thought, why not -- she's local, easy to work with, and members loved her extreme and girl-girl shoot before. There's been a lot of extreme requests of various kinds from members, and she'd be the perfect one to fulfill them. We made it into a 'marathon', a super comprehensive shoot that I hope you will enjoy. All kinds of extreme, unique stuffing, and well lit views & angles in every way possible. She also has the best looking butt and the prettiest private parts to make it all happen. Starting with a masturbation warmup, I had her use the eroscillator to orgasm, and help build up her wetness inside. Some extreme closeups for us to enjoy, and remember how pretty she is down there. Then starting with the smallest veggie, the zucchini (which happens to be the largest for most girls on FTV), she does a hot penetration video, and I do like how her vagina & labia wrap around it holding it inside her. Standing up and in doggy you can see how firm her butt is and how nice it would feel to be inside her. Then we go for something twice as big, the corn on the cob. It seemed too big for her, but in no time she's pushing it 2/3 of the way in. She rotates it inside her, causing the ridges to give her some pleasure. Riding it even sexier, views from both front and behind. Then comes something four times as big, a squash I picked up from a Halloween pile. Forcing it in her as hard as she can, pushing it down on the ride, its shocking how deep it goes (and its as big as her forearm!). Grabbing her rear and spreading it while going down on it is positively erotic.

Model Comments: I JUST got my new car, only a day old!   My red car (you might remember it back in 2008) was old and beat and it was time to replace it.  I admit it was also because I had few minor accidents with it.  So this shoot helps make a down payment for the car!  I bought a lot of new underwear for the shoot and the crotchless pearl one caught the photographer's eye.  I hadn't really worn it just bought it because it looked different but wow is it uncomfortable!  It gives you the roughest wedgie ever.   Hot looking though as I saw in the photoshoot.   Little did I know that it would go into my my ass too!  I think its had its use now and I won't need to wear it again hehe!   The red heels were brand new too.  I loved the design on them and it matches the dress I bought with it.   I like the look of heels and how they make me taller (I go from 5'2" to 5'6"!)  but I've never been too comfortable walking with them.  So its more a look-good thing than a feel-good thing.  I did get a pedicure too but sorry my bad I didn't get a manicure in time.  The hardest part in this segment has got to be the large glass wand ball thing that went up in my ass.  You might get the impression that I like anal sex, but no not really at least not with any guy who's got an above average penis.  I do a lot of webcam anal with softer dildos because you guys always ask for it.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Melissa was very excited about her new car, so I thought why not have her wear a matching dress & heels, and do some shooting with it.  Upskirt views, a very hot looking pair of panties that made for good photo/video shoot of her pretty privates up close.  The panty side ends up getting stuffed vaginally, and the bead side gets stuffed anally.  She has that very sexy rear end, so I make use of that view a lot throughout the shoots.  Her larger, C-cup breasts look very firm, and bounce nice in that red dress without the bra...  A lot of you love the shoe heel fetish, so I mix it with some foot and leg fetish, and even have her try double-stuffing the heels.  She's willing to try it all...  The glass toy is next, with some hard pounding, juicy sounds inside, and anal play shot in a well lit area.  Because of the shape and firmness of her butt, its really easy to get clear shots of the penetration and the way her vagina & anus wrap around the glass ball tightly.  The glass theme then continues with a bottle (and it was a request by a member a day before the shoot) doing both styles of penetration again.  Notice some juice buildup inside the bottle from the vaginal penetration, and some 'deep inside' gape views through the bottle.  The bottle shows you how deep and wide its stretching her.

Model Comments: Speaking of heels!  The purple ones are my new favorites!  I always love the look of lavender.  My soaps, my creams, and even nail polish sometimes.  Glitter makes it more beautiful too.  I'm going to call them my purple Dorothy slippers!   Another thing I bought for the shoot was the black double ended dildo.  I used to play with things like that when I had a girlfriend over.  The photographer is very creative (or someone is telling him to do these things!) and got me doing things with that black toy I never ever thought of.  I didn't ever think I could put both ends inside like that.  I do remember that big dildo and I can't believe it still around after 3 years.  I was thinking about how many girls have tried it and if anyone has taken it down to the bottom.  Then I fisted and did it in so many ways that I didn't think was possible.  The last way it felt like I was pushing against my pelvic bone!  I fisted in the shoot 3 years ago but I haven't ever thought of doing it since.  You can say that I've fisted only for FTV then.  By the end of the day I was exhausted, sweating, and like as if it was an exercise my muscles were all tired.  I do go to the gym near my house but tonight I think I will take the day off! xoxo

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Like Melissa says in her narration, something very cute about those purple heels, adds some vibrant colors to the scene.   She finally gets to do the FTV Toy challenge, and goes deeper than I thought she could!  Then comes the double-ended toy that she hard-fucks herself with, then does variations of pushing both ends inside her.  She nearly gets all of it to disappear inside her.  The ride on the FTV monster brings back memories from her original ride on it -- this time better lit, and perhaps a little deeper.  Having her 'spin' around on it was rather unique.  She was pretty tired by the end of all this, and we finish off with her fisting herself.  Her reach is not long enough to get it from the front, but from the rear in two separate positions she manages to full-fist.  Then one final position -- reminding me of when Jenni fisted herself for the first time -- bent over backwards and getting a much deeper reach.  And that is where she ended up doing a really deep fisting.  I hope you guys enjoyed this rather massive update with a comprehensive extreme/kinky event on a cute girl and her really cute figure.