Testamento 1998 (O Testamento Do Senhor Napumoceno, Napumoceno's Will)

Synopsis:
Nopumoceno, the most successful businessman in the Cabo Verde archipelogo, is an ambitious, clever opportunist, known during his lifetime as "eternity single". However, he is then discovered by his illegitimate daughter to have gotten his fortune and his women in unorthodox and incredible ways ...

What if the crucial events of anyone's biography are little more than quirks, accidents, lucky breaks and missed connections? That's the jaunty, absurdist view of existence offered by ''Testamento,'' a colorful, good-natured yarn that examines the life and times of Napumoceno da Silva Araujo (Nelson Xavier), the wealthiest man in Cape Verde.
As the fictional character tells the story of his life on a series of cassettes bequeathed to his illegitimate daughter, Graca (Maria Ceica), the lucky turning point in his career begins with a clerical error involving a shipment of umbrellas. An aspiring import-export mogul from Cape Verde, the West African archipelago off the coast of Senegal, Araujo decides on a whim to import a thousand umbrellas. Although it hasn't rained for over a year there, he figures that eventually it will, and in any case the umbrellas can be sold for sunshade.
But when the shipment arrives, thanks to a bumbling secretary's accidental insertion of an extra zero, there are 10,000. Convinced that he is ruined, Araujo begs everyone to pray for rain. Miraculously the heavens open, and a catastrophic deluge engulfs his home city of Mindelo. The umbrellas are quickly sold. Araujo, now suddenly wealthy, is toasted as a far-sighted business genius.
Never mind that the notion of anyone becoming rich from the sale of 10,000 umbrellas doesn't add up. ''Testamento,'' adapted by Mario Prata from a novel by the Cape Verdean writer Germano Almeida and cast with Brazilian actors, is really a lighthearted parable about the mystery and comic unpredictability of life. Nobody in the movie gets what he expects. Araujo's greedy nephew Carlos (Chico Diaz), who appears to be Araujo's heir apparent, is devastated when his uncle leaves the bulk of his fortune to Graca, a young woman he didn't know existed.
Graca is as surprised as anyone by her windfall. Her mother, sworn to secrecy about her paternity, never told Graca that the creepy older man who used to follow her around, pestering her and offering her money was really her father. To receive her inheritance, Graca must move from her mother's home to Araujo's large estate and listen to her dead benefactor's taped reminiscences. The stories he tells are flashbacks that make up the heart of the movie.
In accordance with its fanciful, phantasmagoric narrative, ''Testamento'' has been directed by Francisco Manso as an off-center surreal comedy whose larger-than-life characters seem to be having fun even when tearing out their hair in frustration. Mr. Xavier's Araujo is a fretting street-smart clown. Extremely self-regarding and wildly impulsive, he hangs a picture of himself on his office wall between a portrait of Abraham Lincoln and a reproduction of the ''Mona Lisa.''
The movie makes much of his farcically sad love life, which begins with his impulsive seduction of Graca's mother on his office desk, continues with a stripper who gives him a venereal disease and culminates with his May-December romance with the mysterious Adelia (Karla Leal), a beautiful young woman who breaks his heart.
Not all the mysteries it uncovers are worth the buildup. With its lilting Cape Verdean folk score (including a song by the international star Cesaria Evora), the movie exudes the charm of a modern folk tale drawled over a lazy afternoon when there's nothing better to do than exchange tall stories and it gives you a better idea of Cape Verde and its people....
Note - Cape Verde is a Portuguese colony of about nine small islands in the North Atlantic 400 miles West of Senegal, Africa.

  TESTAMENTO  Directed by Francisco Manso; written (in Portuguese, with English subtitles) by Mario Prata, based on the novel by Germano Almeida; director of photography, Edgar Moura; edited by Luis Sobral; music by Tito Paris and Toy Vieira; production designer, Antonio Goncalo; produced by Jose Luis Vasconcelos.       
 WITH: Nelson Xavier (Napumoceno), Maria Ceica (Graca), Chico Diaz (Carlos), Zeze Motta (Eduarda), Karla Leal (Adelia), Cesaria Evora (Arminda) and Via Negromonte (Mari Chica).
Running time: 110 minutes     Interactive Menus     Scene Acces    
                              Subtitle Control     Aspect Ratio 1.66 : 1