

John Alexander made an Audio Version of his book and added alot more material to his program....You get damn near 7 hours of solid content. (6 hours, 49 minutes, 45 seconds to be exact.) Enough to fill up 6 CDs.


Foreword and Introduction ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ How this product is different. Why following the recipe for success will get you the girls.
Click Here - 8.7 MB, 9 minutes 35 seconds


CHAPTER 1: The Truth About Women's Love of Sex . . . It May Surprise You ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ What all women live in fear of (and the trick to soothing this anxiety so they'll do whatever you ask!). What women like. Don't explicitly talk about what you're going to do. 
Click Here - 11.9 MB, 13 minutes, 4 seconds


CHAPTER 2: The Number One Dating Mistake Men Make and How to Avoid It, Once and for All 
Click Here - 6.5 MB, 7 minutes, 9 seconds


CHAPTER 3: The Three Kinds of Men--Alpha Males, Beta Male "Nice Guys," and Jerks ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ The beta male "nice guy." The problem with being her "friend." Avoiding the beta male mindset. The jerk. The Alpha Male.
Click Here - 18.1 MB, 19 minutes, 50 seconds


CHAPTER 4: 24 Nonverbal Cues That Scream "I'm Non-Dominant." Get Rid of Them and Score! 
Click Here - 12.5 MB, 13 minutes, 43 seconds


CHAPTER 5: Six Beta Male Behaviors to Avoid 
Click Here - 8.1 MB, 8 minutes, 56 seconds


CHAPTER 6: How to Be an Alpha Male... When You're Taking Orders From Someone Else ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Be the boss somewhere!
Click Here - 2.7 MB, 2 minutes, 57 seconds


CHAPTER 7: Project Your Ideal Self By Controlling the Way You're Seen ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ A basic principle of human psychology that successful men deploy to get women to like them. How to compliment a woman effectively. The secret to good listening. Two magic words that reinforce a woman's good behavior. Nine nonverbal cues that say, "I'm likable." Avoid conjuring up pity. Avoiding the big 3 behaviors that instantly convey low status (1. Bragging. 2. Putting yourself down. 3. Putting other people down.)
Click Here - 18.6 MB, 20 minutes, 19 seconds


CHAPTER 8: The Most Important Power Attitude You Can Have 
Click Here - 5.7 MB, 6 minutes, 18 seconds


CHAPTER 9: Creating Your Own Strong Reality 
Click Here - 6.7 MB, 7 minutes, 19 seconds


CHAPTER 10: The Simple Secret to Being Dominant 
Click Here - 9.3 MB, 10 minutes, 13 seconds


CHAPTER 11: How to Look Better Than You Ever Thought Possible ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Your shoes. Your hair. Skin. Shaving. Dressing. Matching. Accessories. Your Style. Your Body. A nuts and bolts guide to working out. What it means to look good.
Click Here - 28.5 MB, 31 minutes, 9 seconds


CHAPTER 12: Important Techniques to Take Control of Your Mindset and Build Your Ideal Personality ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Build your ideal personality. Old and new ways of talking to yourself. Your thoughts. Developing a positive mindset. Changing the way you talk to yourself through affirmations. Self-hypnosis.
Click Here - 27.3 MB, 29 minutes, 49 seconds


CHAPTER 13: Severing Your Att achment to Outcomes 
Click Here - 4.3 MB, 4 minutes, 47 seconds


CHAPTER 14: Getting Over Your I nsecurities
Click Here - 3.7 MB, 4 minutes, 7 seconds


CHAPTER 15: Handling Your Fears of Rejection ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ How to eliminate your fear. Ignore the dating advice books! But what if a woman does reject you, and it really hurts... bad?
Click Here - 18.3 MB, 20 minutes, 2 seconds


CHAPTER 16: Why Improve Yourself? 
Click Here - 0.7 MB, 0 minutes, 45 seconds


CHAPTER 17: Using the Body Language of an Alpha Male 
Click Here - 5.9 MB, 6 minutes, 30 seconds


CHAPTER 18 Part One: Seven Steps to Create the Conditions That Increase Your Lays--Now! ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ What women find attractive in men... and why. The seven step seduction system. Being persistent. The approach. Meeting women as they travel throughout the day. Meeting women online. Speed dating. Meeting women at weddings. Meeting women at work. Meeting women outside. Meeting women at bars and nightclubs. Meeting women at happy hours. Meeting women at house parties. Meeting women at charity events. Meeting women in classes. Meeting women by doing activities. Meeting women at conventions. Meeting women in your social circle. How to expand your social circle... even if you're lonely and have zero friends right now. How to instantly get a woman's attention and what to say when you talk to her. The approach, and how to make it. Phone success. Making the date.
Click Here - 56.7 MB, 61 minutes, 55 seconds


CHAPTER 18 Part Two ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ The date. The only place you should ever take a woman on a first date. How to make easy and successful conversation on a date. Making emotionally relevant conversation. The importance of laughter. A flirting skill that comes naturally to women but most guys have trouble with... master this, and you'll separate yourself above the pack. Matching emotions: how to make the woman feel relaxed and horny... merely by feeling that way yourself! Her attraction signals. Why you should assume attraction. Your behavior. Use the powerful "Boyfriending Technique." How to tell when the time is right to seize the opportunity to get her alone with you. How to make a woman comfortable and horny enough for sex. The "Rate My Kiss" technique. The non-verbal sign that screams, "KISS ME!". The most important thing for you to know about kissing. The alpha method of moving from first-kiss to home plate.
Click Here - 70.7 MB, 77 minutes, 16 seconds


CHAPTER 19: The Morning After 
Click Here - 2.3 MB, 2 minutes, 32 seconds


CHAPTER 20: Being Dominant in a Group 
Click Here - 4.1 MB, 4 minutes, 30 seconds


CHAPTER 21: Relationship Succcess 
Click Here - 7.2 MB, 7 minutes, 58 seconds


CHAPTER 22: Conclusion 
Click Here - 2.7 MB, 2 minutes, 57 seconds


Bonus 1: Affirmations - Instructions ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Instructions for the beginner affirmations audio.
Click Here - 1.5 MB, 1 minute, 40 seconds


Bonus 1: Affirmations for Beginners ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Do these first.
Click Here - 8.5 MB, 9 minutes, 18 seconds


Bonus 2: Advanced Affirmations - Instructions ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Instructions for the advanced affirmations audio.
Click Here - 0.44 MB, 0 minutes, 28 seconds


Bonus 2: Affirmations for Advanced Students ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Do these once the Affirmations for Beginners start working. Use these as your permanent affirmations.
Click Here - 6.4 MB, 6 minutes, 57 seconds


Bonus 3: Hypnosis Audio ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ INSTRUCTIONS: Turn off any phones or other potential distractions. Get comfortable, with your body spread out and relaxed. Listen with an open mind, and follow the instructions you are given. (NOTE: Do not use while driving or operating heavy machinery.) 
Click Here - 3.3 MB, 8 minutes, 23 seconds