The Pirate Party is proud to announce the release of its first book, No Safe Harbor.

No Safe Harbor, released January 24th 2012, is a collection of political essays, texts, and discussions that help explain and educate about Pirate Party positions. While some have been published before, many others are original to the book.

Contributors range from first-time writers being published for the first time, leading academics, to Pirate Party officials, and even international organizations like the United Nations.

Adding color to the book are cartoons by artist and free culture activist Nina Paley, creator of the animated film Sita Sings the Blues.

Topics covered include notes on the 4th Amendment, the history of copyright, biopatents, and corporate personhood.

The book is released under a Creative Commons license (CC-BY-NC-SA) and sharing of it is strongly encouraged. To further that, the book is available in a number of DRM-free formats, free of charge. In addition a paperback edition can be purchased through Amazon.com for $9.99

“For anyone concerned with our rights today, but unsure where to start, this book is an invaluable guide,” says Assistant Editor and contributor Andrew Norton. “Education on these very important topics, and their immense potential for harm, has been sadly overlooked in recent years. We felt it was time to correct that.”

Further information, including the book and press resources can be downloaded from www.nosafeharbor.com

###
About the US Pirate Party

The US Pirate Party was founded in 2006. Its aim is to bring transparency and accountability to government, while restoring personal liberties and privacy that have been discarded in a panic since 2001. It also seeks to bring copyrights and patents back to their Constitutional mandated purpose of promoting the progress of science and the useful arts.

The Pirate Party is currently recognized in Massachusetts and Florida. Efforts to gain recognition in the entire country is underway.

Contact:
press@nosafeharbor.com
+1 352-658-3824
Twitter: @nosafeharbor