Acronis Backup & Recovery Server 10.0.13544 + BootCD

Acronis Backup & Recovery software for backup and disaster recovery of servers and laptops running Windows across physical and virtual environments. While based on proven technologies create images and restore to bare metal, the new product is a next generation family of Acronis True Image, and provides powerful tools for protecting servers.

Acronis Backup & Recovery simplifies and automates backup and recovery. In the process of creating a backup, a new line of products from Acronis eliminates duplicate data, thus saving up to 90% of the backup storage. With this program you can restore an entire hard disk, including operating system, applications, settings and all user data, and individual files and folders.

Main advantages:
Ease of backup and restore your operating system notebook. Backup copies of the operating system notebook can be stored in any central repository or locally in the Acronis Secure Zone to allow for an immediate recovery in case of failures.
Rapid recovery of the system. Acronis Backup & Recovery October restore an entire hard disk, including operating systems, applications and user data in minutes rather than hours and even more so today.
Intuitive interface and a system of masters. Users can restore files, folders, and even their servers without the help of an administrator and does not require long-term training
Migrating to new hardware. Restore to dissimilar hardware is easy to perform using the optional Acronis Backup & Recovery Universal Restore. Move the old system to new, including all applications, data and settings, the computer is ready to continue working after a few minutes.

Key features:
Backup based on events. Backups can be triggered by such events or conditions like on / off the server, the input / output or user to add a certain amount of data.
Acronis Secure Zone and Startup Recovery Manager simplify recovery. When you save a backup system in the Acronis Secure Zone and turn on the Startup Repair can restore your system without bootable media.
Advanced planning and based backup policies. You can be flexible backup plans depending on the IT strategy and the importance of different servers. Scheduled tasks will be carried out systematically for the full protection of critical data.


