Trans-Siberian Orchestra - Beethoven's Last Night [MP3 320kbps][Nautilus-BT]
Join www.nautilus-bt.org

[img]http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/5355/tsobln.jpg[/img]

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra (often abbreviated to TSO) is a progressive rock band founded in 1993 by producer, composer, and lyricist Paul O'Neill, who brought together Jon Oliva and Al Pitrelli (both members of Savatage) and keyboardist and co-producer Robert Kinkel to form the core of the creative team. The band's musical style incorporates classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into hard rock and heavy metal. The orchestra is most famous for their Christmas-themed series of rock operas (Christmas Eve and Other Stories, The Christmas Attic, and The Lost Christmas Eve), for which they do an annual winter tour. Their other releases are based on historical themes (Beethoven's Last Night and Night Castle). Trans-Siberian Orchestra is also known for their extensive charity work and elaborate concerts, which are complete with a full orchestra, a massive light show, lasers, dozens of pyrotechnics, moving trusses, video screens, and other effects that are synchronized to the actual music.

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra is known for their incorporation of classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into rock and heavy metal music. They are listed under many genres, but mostly symphonic rock, progressive rock, neo-classical metal, and classical music. Three of their albums – Christmas Eve and Other Stories (1996), The Christmas Attic (1998), The Lost Christmas Eve (2004) – are based around Christmas themes. These rock operas, collectively known as the "Christmas trilogy," remain their best-selling and most famous works.

Both in the recording studio and live, Trans-Siberian Orchestra uses a full orchestra, choirs, and a constantly growing and changing group of singers and musicians. It was founded and is produced and led by head composer and lyricist Paul O'Neill, alongside composer and vocalist Jon Oliva and guitarist and music director Al Pitrelli (both members of the progressive metal band Savatage), with co-producer, composer, and keyboardist Robert Kinkel.

Beethoven's Last Night is a concept album by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, released in 2000. The album tells the fictional story of Ludwig van Beethoven on the last night of his life, as the devil, Mephistopheles, comes to collect his soul. With the help of Fate and her son Twist, Beethoven unwittingly tricks the devil and is allowed to keep his soul which he had thought lost, but that the devil had no claim on. The album is a rock opera featuring many classical crossover rock songs which are clearly based on melodies from classical music, particularly Beethoven's works. It is the first Trans-Siberian Orchestra album that does not feature Christmas themes.


TrackList

01 - Overture
02 - Midnight
03 - Fate
04 - What Good This Deafness
05 - Mephistopheles
06 - What Is Eternal
07 - The Moment
08 - Vienna
09 - Mozart/Figaro
10 - The Dreams of Candlelight
11 - Requiem (The Fifth)
12 - I'll Keep Your Secrets
13 - The Dark
14 - Fur Elise
15 - After the Fall
16 - A Last Illusion
17 - This Is Who You Are
18 - Beethoven
19 - Mephistopheles' Return
20 - Misery
21 - Who Is This Child
22 - A Final Dream

----------------------------------------------

Formato                          : MPEG Audio
Versione del formato             : Version 1
Profilo del formato              : Layer 3
Modalità                         : Costante
BitRate                          : 320 Kbps
Canali                           : 2 canali
SamplingRate                     : 44,1 KHz

----------------------------------------------




Join www.nautilus-bt.org