Complete season #1 of Team Umizoomi

20 Episodes



"The Kite Festival" 	
When a gust of wind scatters the pieces of Jeannie's kite, the team must search for the pieces too. 

"The Aquarium Fix-It" 	
The team is called in to help fix a crack in the seahorse tank at the Umi City Aquarium. 

"Carnival" 	
The team must search the Umi City Carnival for Jake's lost stuffed animal. 

"Picnic"
Milli, Geo and Bot must help their friend Anna find her missing lunchbox and thermos before they head out for a picnic. 

"Super Trip to the Supermarket" 	
The team must go to the supermarket to collect the items for Tyler's favorite snack.
 
"Subway Heroes" 
The team must help when Daniel's father is trapped on a broken subway train. 

"The Milk Out" 	
When the farmer gets sick, the team must help fill Umi City's milk order. 

"The Dinosaur Museum Mishap" 	
When a thunderstorm frightens the dinosaurs, the team must find them and return them to the museum before the dinosaur show. 

"The Rolling Toy Parade" 	
The team must find all the parts of Nick's lion toy before Umi City Park's rolling toy parade. 

"Special Delivery" 	
When Anthony forgets to put a stamp on a package for his grandmother, the team heads to the post office to make sure the package is delivered during "Just-Because-I-Love-You Day." 


"Ready for Take Off" 	
When Andy's plane is not able to take off, the team heads to the airport to help. 

"The Ice Cream Truck" 	
Geo and his friends must search for the missing ice cream truck and whip up icy treats before letting his friends know that the truck is back in business. 

"The Wild West Toy Train Show" 
The gang must help Ethan after the wind blows away his ticket to the Wild West Toy Train show. 

"The Butterfly Dance Show" 	
The gang must help Sophia fix her butterfly costume in time for the Butterfly Dance show. 

"The Elephant Sprinkler" 	
The team helps Kayla so she can play in the elephant sprinkler on a very hot day.
 
"Playground Heroes" 	
The gang helps to fix the playground so Mya and her friends can play.
Note: This is the Earth Day special. 

"To the Library" 	
The gang helps to find a lost library book so that Oliva could read to her grandpa. 

"Favorite Things Show" 	
The team must help Emily find her shells in time for the favorite things show.
 
"The Big Boat Race" 	
The team must help Sonya fix her boat in time for the boat race. 

"Santa's Little Fixers" 	
The team must fix Santa's toy machine in time before he leaves! Can they do it?
Note: This is the Christmas special.