The Jim Bohannon Show 21-Oct-11 CF mp3 32K
Commercial Free


Friday, October 21, 2011
On The Jim Bohannon Show...

It's a day many Americans had been hoping for, and a day others have feared: President Obama announced this afternoon that America's involvement in Iraq was coming to an end, and all American troops would be gone from that country by the end of the year, completing the agreement made by his predecessor, George W. Bush. It's been almost nine years of American involvement, and it has cost us billions of dollars and over 44 hundred American lives - not to mention over 32 thousand injured, some grievously. Is it too soon to leave Iraq to its fate - even if they say that's what they want? Is this the opening that al-Qaeda in Iraq has been counting the days for? The President was careful not to declare victory, particularly with bombings and other attacks still sporadically taking place. We'll discuss what appears to be the end of the divisive Iraq War with Doug Bandow, a senior fellow at the CATO Institute.

It seems like it's been with us forever, but the original Star Trek first burst on the scene 45 years ago. Well, not exactly burst. While it quickly developed a devoted following, the series was never that popular with the overall audience. It was cancelled after two seasons but was brought back for a third after a letter-writing campaign. However, its following grew when the show went into syndicated reruns. As the phenomenon grew, the show spawned a highly successful series of movies. This led to a TV spinoff that became one the biggest hits syndicated TV has ever had: Star Trek: The Next Generation. Since then there have been three more Star Trek TV series (Deep Space Nine, Voyager, and Enterprise) and a big-budget reboot of the movie franchise. Not bad for a little TV show that was described when first pitched to the networks in the mid-1960s as "Wagon Train to the stars." We'll talk about space Lothario Captain James T. Kirk, cerebral Mister Spock, the cranky Doctor McCoy, and the rest of the Star Trek experience with a return guest, our Hollywood Insider Stephen Schochet, who is the author of the book "Hollywood Stories: Short, Entertaining Anecdotes About the Stars and Legends of the Movies!" (published by BCH Fulfillment & Distribution) and the audiobooks "Tales of Hollywood" and "Fascinating Walt Disney."
