Empire Earth II: Platinum Edition - Fully Working Online Multiplayer – Official Game Server
 
Title: Empire Earth II: Platinum Edition
Platform: PC
Size: 1.44 GB
Genre: Compilation
Style: Strategy
Themes: Conquest, Pastiche
Release Date: June 27, 2006
Developer: Mad Doc Software, LLC
Publisher: Sierra Entertainment, Inc.
Controls: Mouse, Keyboard
Flags: 3D Acceleration Required, Multi-Game Compilation
Included in Package: 260-page Empire Earth II Prima Official
Game Guide, 60-page Instruction Manual, Reference Card
 
Description:

RULE as NEVER BEFORE with the DEFINITIVE STRATEGY COLLECTION. Lead you civilization through 12,000 years of conquest with the award-winning Empire Earth II, The Art of Supremacy expansion, and the Prima Official Game Guide. The past, present and future are yours to control.

Synopsis:

The world is your playground in Empire Earth II: Platinum Edition. Featuring Empire Earth II, Empire Earth II: The Art of Supremacy expansion pack, and the Prima strategy guide, the game is designed to test all aspects of your civilization leadership skills. 

With Empire Earth II, begin by picking one of 14 civilizations and watch them evolve as the game takes you through more than 10,000 years of history. Create your people, build them an empire, and then take your ever-improving army to conquer distant lands. The game features weather conditions designed to impact progress and stimulate new tactical initiatives.

With the Empire Earth II: The Art of Supremacy expansion pack, you can take control of Russian, French, Zulu, or Maasai troops to re-play huge battles in history. Meet with native tribes and choose to conquer them, assimilate to their ways, or create an alliance to support your troops in battle. The picture-in-picture system is intended to help you keep separate control over many regions in real-time, and an improved citizen manager system and research program eliminate the need to micromanage your city during a battle. Take your empire managerial skills online with friends and play nine types of games featuring multiplayer cooperative scenarios, tournament support, and a tactical planning map.

Features:

Empire Earth II:
 - Conquer history across 15 epochs and 14 different civilizations across a span of 10,000 years.
- Dynamic AI and Environment Weather System.
- Revolutionary Multiplayer – Engage in 9 types of games online for up to 10 players with improved tournament support and co-operative scenarios.
- Crown System – A reward system for demonstrating superior military, economic and empire-expanding strategies.
- Citizen Manager and War Planner simplifies resource management by alleviating the need to micro-manage your civilization during the heat of battle. 

Empire Earth II: The Art of Supremacy:
- Command over 500 different buildings and units in your epic rise to power.
- Master 18 unique civilizations or create one tailored to your play style.
- Real-time Picture-in-Picture creates a whole new level of command.
- Play free online in 9 challenging modes with up to 10 players.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

MINIMUM PC REQUIREMENTS
Windows 98/ME/2000/XP (works on Vista and Windows 7 too)
Intel Pentium 4 1.5GHz Processor
256MB RAM
64MB nVidia GeForce 3 class Video Card with Hardware T&L and Pixel Shader Support
3GB Hard Disk Space
DirectX compatible Sound Card
Keyboard
Mouse

MULTIPLAYER SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
Intel Pentium 4 2.2GHz Processor
512MB RAM
128MB nVidia GeForce 4 class Video Card with Hardware T&L and Pixel Shader support
56Kbps Internet Connection

Empire Earth II: Platinum Edition - Full Working Online Multiplayer – Official Game Server

Intallation notes: 

You may need to delete myconfig.cfg if version does not match by installing.

Keys are in the text file named "Readme" (Required to play multiplayer on the official server)

Loader (using this loader allows you to play the game without any limitations):
In order to play the full game version online on the official game server always run the loader first and then using its interface open EE2.exe if you want to play the base game or EE2X.exe if you desire to play the expansion. If you are using Windows Vista, then you must run the loader as administrator (right click on it, then choose "Run as administrator").

The trial resetter is only needed if you forgot to run the loader first and there is no more trial time left.
 
Important notes:

The loader works well, even on Vista 64 bit (it must be run as administrator).
Unfortunately this loader is not working on Windows 7 64 bit and the game's protection detects virtual machines like Virtual PC or VMware, but in Windows 7 you can create a new partition (just by shrinking the drive) and install another version of Windows (preferably XP) and play online using the loader. You can install Windows on an USB flash drive too; just make sure it has a fast transfer speed otherwise it would be too slow.

Enjoy!