DVD-Ranger 3.7.0.7 

With more than 8 years experience in delivering highly secure and readily available revolutionary recording and copying applications, no one knows more about DVD copy than Pixbyte Development. DVD-Ranger is comprehensive, advanced copying software for video DVD backups on any device. DVD-Ranger was created in order to maximize the DVD copying experience, while adhering to strict international copyright laws. DVD-Ranger easily overcomes the flaws of our competitor’s classic burning applications, and represents a revolutionary solution supported by our own design innovations: The HotFix Manager utility and the Physxtech Enhancement, both based on our super-speed, high performance copying algorithm. DVD-Ranger comes with unique features that provide essential advantages to any users who want to obtain exceptional DVD copies. Based on the latest technology and a large knowledge base built over the years, Pixbyte Development has created a complete and highly functional copying software.

Main Functions:
+ Backup DVD 1:1 on DVD9 or shrink the entire DVD to DVD 5.
+ Mobilize your DVD to, iPod, PSP, Zune and Netbooks.
+ Create ISO, burn ISO and backup from ISO.
+ Ability to backup just the main movie.

With the latest version of the DVD-Ranger, there is no comparison between the time invested in making a DVD copy with DVD- Ranger and the impeccable quality you obtain. No other DVD copying application can burn DVDs faster while maintaining the level of quality and image clarity.

DVD copying applications will never look the same after you try the new DVD-Ranger. Packed up with two powerful features, the DVD-Ranger outshines any competition. The HotFix Manager is a unique utility that allows you to create HotFix databases that are used by the DVD-Ranger for copying even the newest DVD releases, without requiring any updates. In addition, the Physxtech enhancements beats all image quality scores, using a complicated algorithm during the recompression process.

Not only that the DVD-Ranger is a true asset for anyone interested in backing up their favorite video DVDs of all time or in creating detailed video DVD archives, but it also provides a quality end-user experience. Our copying software is easy-to-use, price convenient and reliable. DVD-Ranger will deliver you a unique experience when it comes to successful DVD copies, DVD to BluRay backups and many more. Easy to use it, it enables you to create top quality DVD copies in just a few steps!

DVD-Ranger Features:
• DVD Auto-Copy Functionality: 3 simple steps to success - Simply insert the original DVD, select the project type and start copying. Available for Full and Movie Only.
• DVD-to-BluRay: Backup your Video DVDs to BluRay (Copy up to 10 Video DVDs on 1 BluRay). With Physxtech, our unique motion detection algorithm, you will obtain the best quality backups.
• Custom DVDs: Select the content you want to have on the final copy. Simply deselect unwanted languages, unwanted content and start the copy process.
• DVD-to-Mobile: Make mobile copies of your favorite Video DVD. DVD-Ranger supports a wide range of mobile players like iPod, PSP and Zune.
• Regioncode: Remove software and hardware (RPC2) limitations from your DVD.
• Physxtech: DVD-Ranger comes with a unique recompression algorithm that is based on physically-correct motion detection. This increases quality and dramatically improves rendering with a true-to-life movie experience.
• Error & Bad-Sector Scanning: DVD-Ranger comes with an extended Bad Sector scanner. This unique auto fill function will add dummy content to unknown sectors.
• Multi Device: DVD-Ranger supports copying and burning activities to multiple devices. You can copy up to 99 devices at the same time.
• CD/DVD/BD Burn: Burn Video DVD, Data CD/DVD and BluRay with ease.
• Burn Disk Images: With DVD-Ranger you can burn already created and copied Disk Images.
• Extended Burn Features: DVD-Ranger supports all Dual Layer/Single Layer/BluRay discs and burners. Plus, it supports all SCSI, IDE, USB DVD burners/recorders.
• Current Burn-Speeds: Supports 1x - 22x speed blank media; Supports both NTSC and PAL DVD movies.
• Erase and Auto-Erase: With DVD-Ranger you can easily erase RW blanks. Simply use the option to auto erase the RW before burning.
• Multi Core (Intel): Option to use 1, 2 or 4 processors (dual core or quad core).
• Deposit Buffer: DVD-Ranger comes with a built in option to adjust the deposit Buffer (to avoid over flowing copies).
• Preview: DVD-Ranger provides a lightweight integrated DVD Player to preview the DVD Tracks before and during the copying process.
• Windows 7 Compatible: DVD-Ranger works on Windows 2000, XP, Vista and Windows 7 (32 bit & 64 bit).

Physxtech is our unique math algorithm cleverly included in every DVD-Ranger core. With our Physxtech technology, DVD-Ranger produces an unbeaten playback quality of your recompressed video. The advantage of Physxtech is that the source will be recompressed faster and more efficient than our competitor’s old-fashioned methods. Physxtech relies on a state-of-the-art interpolation algorithm that models moves with extremely accurate calculations. The quality of the copied DVD will increase tremendously, unlike common calculations featured by classic copying software, which are based on unstable fixed tables. The power of Physxtech is undeniable, considering the fact that downsides like block artifacts are reduced and corrected while at the same time action-loaded and bit-hungry scenes are recompressed properly and produced more efficiently.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1300+ torrents                                                           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay