Repack of Deus Ex: Human Revolution version 1.1.622.0.


First of - yes, it weights more than other repacks, but yes, it's proper. It contains all the pre-order DLCs (a mission and weapons), it's already patched, and it installs fast (a lot faster than other repacks, anyway).
And yes, it does fit a single dual-layer DVD.


Screenshots:

 
http://bayimg.com/pAjLEaadm
 
http://bayimg.com/pajLFAadm
 
http://bayimg.com/pAjLgAadm


There's not much else to say. Just the usual - if you want a normal, polished version with a clean install and removal - here you go. Everything is tested (I nearly finished the game), crack is proper, works with trainers (certain trainers may cause occasional crashes - it's not game's fault).

Language supported - ONLY English.



---------------

Note about patching your installation disc with future patches (OPTIONAL):

In case future patches will come out, I believe it will be very easy to update your game installation. In DVD root folder you will see game EXE. You can replace it with a new version, and my installer will install a new version. In EVE root\Data folder, you will see "patch 000" file - as far as I can tell, this is a patch file for the game.

So to put it simple, if the game patch will be "patch000" file and cracked EXE - replace both in my DVD image, and my installer will auntomatically install the new version! Because I left these resources unpacked, external.

If the patch will contain some *other* files though, it won't work. Replacing will only wirk with the files that are already on the disc. replace them - and new versions will install.

ALSO if you want to just use a different crack, simple replace it in DVD root folder, and that is what my installer will install. Tjhough I do warn you that I have included a proper crack, no sense in replacing it (unless you're replacing with new version).



P.S. I've made this project a day ago, but couldn't decide whether I should upload it or not (I don't like spending time writing long descriptions, I can tell you that much), but decided to upload still. Sorry for the wait, and enjoy a proper repack.



-illiria