POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 


                                        

POtHS - Conspiracy Facts - Part 91 - 191 Reasons Why the BIBLE DONT LIE - & More - mp3



191 is not a Correct amount of Reasons. It is like 11 times MORE than that. If you can read and rite and rithmetic at a 9th Grade Level. YOU CAN UNDERSTAND THIS. If you want to learn about all the Hidden Codes and messages in The Bible, Here's your chance. The odds that Earthly men were responsible for building the Bible on their own is Ludicrous. IT is pure truth. There is only One Place to get The Word and The Truth. That's through Jesus. 

Here is your chance to get rid of all the falsehoods associated with the Bible and The New Age Religion's butchering of the Scriptures. Expel all the Myths associated The Bible. Here are THE FACTS!!!

With basic math Chuck Missler prove's the Bible is from outside our time dimension. It could only have been inspired by some SUPER BEING who is outside of time and able to see the Beginning and the End of an event at the same time.

"How we got The Bible" should be listened to first then "Cosmic Codes" then anything you want. In just a few hours you will begin to understand the incredible power of The Bible. Hey Preachers, it wouldn't hurt you guys to know this stuff too.



JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.

RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him... 

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!) 

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                    