. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.                                    
                                
                             
                           
                          
                         
                        
                       
                       
                      
                      
                        
                                         
                                          
                                          
                                         
                                             
                               SkiA    
                    
                        
                             
                             
                             
                            
                                     
                                 
                                   
                                            
           
                     
                           
                                 
                                    
                       
                        
                   
            
                
           
                                                        
                                                    
                                           
                                     
                                   
                                          
                                              
                                             
                                      
                                          
                                 
                                  
                                 
                                               
                                      
                                       
                            
                         
                   
                          
                         
                             
                                             
                                       
            O u z o - P r e s e n t s  
                                              
                The Slow Business of Going       
                                                  
                                                         
                 Theater Release Date.: 00-000-2001         
                Ouzo Release Date ...: 11-Aor-2011        
                  Genre ...............: Adventure,Comedy    
                   Source ..............: PD (ET1)            
                   Language ............: English             
                   Codec ...............: XviD                
                   Discs ...............: 1 cd                
                   Size ................: 49 rar x 15 mb      
                   Runtime .............: 01:37:10            
                   Video Bitrate .......: 867 kb/s            
                   Audio Bitrate .......: 122 kb/s VBR MP3    
                   Aspect Ratio ........: 592x336 (1.76:1)    
                   Subtitle ............: Greek (hardcored)   
                                                              
                                                    
                                            
               R e l e a s e   N o t e s        
                                           
                                      
                                              
                                                
                                            
                                                 
                                                              
                                                               
              English: Petra Going is a migrant cyborg, an    
              agent of the Global Nomad Project: an interna-  
              tional "Experience Data Agency" which sends     
              hundreds of "receivers" like her to wander the  
              globe and record a succession of random encou-  
              nters. Periodically, they return to agency head-
              quarters where they deposit their accumulated   
              memories into an archive. This archive is avai- 
              lable to users who then vicariously and virtu-  
              ally inhabit the ready-made landscapes of tou-  
              ristic consciousness. The motto of the GNP:     
              "Nostalgia For Rent."                           
              In Manhattan she meets an insecure assassin.    
              In Tokyo she convinces a hypothermiac gangster  
              to get undressed. In Prague a man is hit with   
              a pie and collapses unconscious. In Thessaloniki
              she dances a passionate tango. In Tangiers, a   
              soccer player contemplates getting out of bed.  
              And in Havana, in Havana she meets Micah for a  
              long-promised swimming lesson. And afterwards,  
              Petra commits her professions one unpardonable 
              sin: she allows herself to remember.            
              Filmed over five years in constant motion,deve- 
              loped in collaboration with its actors through  
              dramatic improvisations and autobiography, "The 
              Slow Business of Going" spans both geography and
              genre: from slapstick to surrealism,from film   
              noir to science fiction,from tragedy to travelo-
              gue, from multimedia to melodrama.A chronicle of
              collisions between male and female,the corporate
              and the corporeal, the personal and the global, 
              The Slow Business of Going is a tribute to a ce-
              ntury of cinema and to the new millennium of    
              technomadic visions.                            
                                                              
                                                              
              Greek:                                          
              Oi periplanhseis ths Petra Going, mias nearhs   
              ellhno-meksikanidas, me nomadiko pneuma se      
              diafores perioxes ths ufhliou. Mesa apo ton     
              kinhmatografiko fako parakolouthoume tis peri-  
              planhseis mias asunhthisths taksidiwtissas/     
              ethnografou. Apostolh ths einai na katagrapsei  
              stigmes epithumias, nostalgias kai ektopismatos 
              sth monterna mhtropolh. Kathe prwi akolouthei   
              ena tuxaio dromologio, ftanei se mia kainourgia 
              polh, menei sto dwmatio kapoiou ksenodoxeiou    
              kai kanei mia suntomh nea gnwrimia. Prakseis    
              farsokwmwdias, pathiasmena paixnidia, agria     
              tangko, anekplhrwtes erwtikes sunanthseis,      
              podosfairika tournoua, mathhmata kolumbhshs,    
              mathhmata polemikwn texnwn pou diakoptontai     
              authormhta to epomeno prwi,otan h Petra bri-    
              sketai ksana sto dromo. To monadiko ths uparxon 
              einai mia allokoth aposkeuh: mia kounisth ka-   
              rekla, pou metatrepetai se sakidio-balitsa, me  
              mprateles sto plai kai sako katw apo to kathi-  
              sma. H Petra thn koubalaei sthn plath ths opou  
              kai na phgainei.                                
                                                              
                                                              
              Director: Athina Rachel Tsangari                
              Writer: Jim Davis, Matthew Johnson, Tasca Shadix
              Stars: Lizzie Curry Martinez,Maria Tsantsanoglou
                     Gary Price                               
                                                              
              Links :                                         
              http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0269876/            
              http://www.haosfilm.com/Default.aspx?tabid=119  
              http://www.cinemanews.gr/v5/movies.php?n=310  GR
                                                    
                                            
                       R i p p e r s  N o t e s  
                                           
                                      
                                             
                                               
                                            
                                                 
                                                               
              English:                                         
              The Slow Business of Going is Athena Tsangari's 
              first long film, released in 2000. Its a Greek- 
              American co-production.  The movie was in the   
              Best of 2001 at The "Village Voice" Critics Poll
              You can see the screenings and awards list here:
              http://www.haosfilm.com/Default.aspx?tabid=119  
              The movie never made it to DVD release, and the 
              rip is from the Greek National Television chan- 
              nel (ERT) from PD signal. Audio is English, but 
              its hard-subbed in Greek.                       
              About the director: Athina Rachel Tsangari is   
              the director of "Attenberg", which one awards   
              in many festivals (between them the Venice Film 
              Festival), and behind the production of Giorgos 
              Lanthimos movie "Kynodontas" who was nominated  
              for the "Best Foreign Film" in Oscars this year.
                                                              
              Greek:                                          
              "H Diarkis anahorisi tis Petra Going"  einai h  
              prwth megalou mikous tainia tis Ellinidas Athi- 
              nas Rachel Tsangari pou egine to 2000. H tainia 
              eixe pshfistei apo thn Village Voice ws mia apo 
              tis kaluteres ths xronias. Mporeite na deite tis
              proboles tis tainias kai ta brabeia pou kerdise 
              analytikotera sto site tis paragwgou etairias:   
              http://www.haosfilm.com/Default.aspx?tabid=119  
              Ektos apo mia tainia dromou  (road movie) ,     
              "H Diarkis anahorisi tis Petra Going"  ,einai   
              tautoxrona, mia periplanhsh -  dokimh metaksy   
              diaforetikwn kinhmatografikwn stul apo to cinema
              dokimio mexri thn mpourlesk kwmwdia...          
                                                              
              Perissotera gia tin skinotheti:                 
              H Athina Tsangari egine perissotero gnwsti sto  
              eury koino mesw tis teleutaias tis tainias      
              to "Attenberg" (pou kerdise brabeia se megala   
              festival). H Athina Tsangari itan pisw apo thn  
              paragwgh ths prwths tainias tou Giwrgou Lanthi- 
              mou "Kinneta", kai tou "Kynodonta" (pou eftase, 
              mexri ta oscars fetos), exei uparksei h skhno-  
              thetis ths teleths enarkshs twn Olumpiakwn      
              Agwnwn, se dvd, kai ths parastashs 2 tou Dhmhtrh
              Papaiwannou, kai telos eixe kanei th skhnothesia
              twn animation probolwn gia ta egkainia tou Mou- 
              seiou Akropolhs.                                
              "H Diarkis anahorisi tis Petra Going" den exei  
              kykloforisei se DVD, kai probli8ike mono apo    
              tin ERT, gi auto kai to rip einai apo PD Signal.
                                                              
                                                              
                                                    
                                            
                  G r o u p    N e w s          
                                           
                       A n d          
                                                 
                 G r e e t s                         
                                               
                                                 
                                                              
               2011 and the Greek Alcoholics are still around  
                                                              
              We are now looking for the following :          
              -Unreleased Greek movies/games/music/apps etc   
              -People working in Greek cinemas or festivals   
              -People working in Media distribution companies 
              -10+mbit sites for affiliation in Europe        
              -Experienced games/applications crackers        
              If you can help, with any of the above mail us  
              at ouzaki@in.gr. Please don't waste our time    
              with other bullshit. Thanks.                    
                                      (Last Update 19/03/2011)
                                                              
              Ouzo would like to thank all of our friends in  
                            - FTD - AEROHOLiCS -               
                                                            
               Ouzo - Getting girls drunk since 2003  
                                                  
                                                
                                                      
                             Ouzo               
                             iN               
                       2o11          
                                        
                                     
                                
                           
                       
                          
                    
                
                  
              
                                                    
     .asc executed                                           By SkiA