A new OUTSTANDING band from Finland!

	
Jouni "Heavyhobbit" Partanen - Vox
Johannes Kurvinen - Guitar
Antti Kukkonen - Guitar
Petri Eskola - Synths
Mikko Kymäläinen - Drums
Jaakko Kuusisto - Bass


Hey You, reader!

Standing Ovation is a newcomer on the musical front of Rock and Heavy music. Even when the primary stress of the music is emphasized on some progressively seasoned ponderous stuff the heart and soul of the band also has a place for much softer and generally more suitable songs. So we recommend listening to all the songs.

Concerning the general supply Standing Ovation’s music is unique with its iridescent entity and could in that way be suitable for almost any listener. The band isn’t afraid to stand out against the puritans of metal, rock or pop, but combines different musical styles in its candid way still preserving its rugged style. Virtuoso like solos or sweat rising playing performances will not be the main case but trifling with melodies and rhythms with a good taste it will surely be.

Humbly bowing,


Standing Ovation



	
The Genesis of Standing Ovation

Approximately four years ago two fellas (Jouni & Johannes) met occasionally when working next door to each other. When soon discovering similar musical interests and inspiration the question rose, should there be some hanging around and jolly good music making?

A few moments after and some embarrassing badly played music they seemed to find a mutual tune. A cocoon of a future fruitful symbiosis was born.

For the next two-three years the music seemed to be creating itself and everything got to a point where the proportions demanded more. Decisions were made to enter a studio at an upcoming date and more musicians were needed to complete the “almost finished” structure of the record.

It was natural that the candidates for each specified job were picked from close by and soon four friends (Antti, Mikko, Petri & Jaakko) joined the communion. This loose context might have the impact that everything went like a walk in a park. But some involuntary problems during this galactic metamorphosis were overcome.

A long story short and at present the newborn is here..

The story of Standing Ovation begins now.