I downloaded this BBC Wild Series 12xDVD Box Set torrent off of Demonoid and then I encoded it to be a small fraction of it's original size for those of us who don't fool around with DVD's and rather a new TB every few months for archiving smaller, more economical sized files instead of big fat VIDEO_TS's &/or ISO's. The original of this was 50GB+, mine is 5.45GB, so about 1/10th of it's original size. Specs are as follows:

12 DVD's - 34 x 50 minutes = 27:42:40
400MB ea.
Resolution: 640x480 [forced]
bitCompression: XVID
Audio: Stereo 2ch mp3@192kbps, VBR, 48KHz
Time Length: Approx: 2.5hr's ea.
Language: English (I totally removed the Dutch content, all but the Covers+Labels, which I just couldn't find in English)

BBC CONTINENT SERIES - WILD NATURE

Impressive BBC series on 12 DVDs
This unique box set contains six wonderful documentary series from the much-acclaimed series of the BBC Wildlife.
In less than 1700 minutes we make a world along the most exceptional animals, plants and landscapes that are in the farthest corners of the world are located.
Travel through time in the wilderness A beautiful nature of the BBC series on the history of plants, animals and landscape millions of years ago until now.
Stunning footage and computer images made the life-like beauty and vulnerability of three continents down.
Discover the story behind the wild in Europe, North America and Australia with its neighboring islands.
Travel back in time for the hairy mammoths, cold ice ages and lost civilizations.
See how dramatic the landscape and life events above and below water gradually changed in nature, as we know it today.
This series is based on recent scientific research and uses the latest film and computer techniques.
This BBC Wild Series consists of three DVD boxes: Wild Europe (play 4x50 minutes), Wild New World / North-America (play 6x50 minutes) and Wild Australasia (6x50 minutes running time).
Wild uses recent scientific research and the latest film and animation techniques.
Thus we get a clear picture of how the earth developed over millions of years into the planet we know today.
The Wild-harvested series both in Britain and beyond many prestigious awards and the international press was unanimously enthusiastic.
This collection is a document to cherish for anyone who cares about nature.


• Wild Europe
• Wild New World (North America)
• Wild Australasia
• Wild Africa
• Wild India
• Wild South America

Wild Europe - DVD1  
Genesis, Ice age

Wild Europe - DVD2 
Taming the wild, A new millennium

Wild New World - DVD3 
Land of the mammoth, Canyonlands, An ice age oasis

Wild New World - DVD4 
Edge of the ice, An American Serengeti, Mammoths to Manhattan

Wild Australasia - DVD5 
Wild Australasia, Desert hearts, Southern seas

Wild Australasia - DVD6 
Gum tree country, Island arks, New worlds

Wild Africa - DVD1 
Mountains, Savannahs, Deserts

Wild Afrika - DVD2 
Coasts, Jungles, Lakes and Rivers 

Wild India - DVD3 
The Tiger’s Domain, Sacred Waters, Unknown Seas

Wild India - DVD4 
The Desert Kingdom, Mountains of the Gods, Monsoon Forests

Wild South America - DVD5 
Lost Worlds, Mighty Amazon, The Great Plains

Wild South America - DVD6 
The Andes, Amazon Jungle, Penguin Shores