Website: http://hotel.serveris.in
Set display in 16bit to play.

Redmoon Online is a massively multiplayer role playing game that takes place on two worlds, Earth and Signus, where thousands of people can be playing at the same time, interacting with each other and the central storyline in the game.

From the beginning, the backing of this story is apparent. Your on screen avatar is chosen from a cast of characters from the graphic novel series, each with their own backgrounds and goals. Once that's done, you choose the hair color and clothing style, some basic powers, and set out in the world.

After a tutorial session (which I thought was rather welcome - too many MMRPG's just throw you out in the world like a newborn babe), you're out there in the world, facing the challenges around you. There's two kinds of monsters out there - Good Monsters (with their name in Red Text) and Blue Monsters. (Well, there are Yellow and White which are neutral monsters that anybody can kill, but that's another issue).

it's what kind of monsters you kill that determine what path you'll take in life and what powers you'll accrue. Kill the Good Monsters, and the Red Monsters will leave you alone, and your powers that you'll accrue as you gain experience and levels will be different from those who go out and kill the Bad Monsters.

But for a story driven game to work, there's quests that have to be fulfilled to keep you moving. The game starts on Earth is a nice little rundown area with cool cars you can't drive (seems the keys were stolen and the cars left behind) and stores selling health-giving items like Hamburgers, mental replenishing items like Grape Juice, and weapons like guns, staffs, and the like. Sure, the game is a futuristic sci-fi style romp, but hey, would cool science fiction story didn't have swords?

From Earth as you complete your quests, either alone or with the help of the other people you meet online, you'll make your way to Signus - where your Earth based money is useless, but at least you can buy really cool weapons (since your character is around level 200 or so by the time you hit Signus. Or at least you should be if you don't want to get dead). 