 http://bayimg.com/iAbCcAADc

Sto je muskarac bez brkova? (2005) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0471395/

Croatian language with English subtitles.

What Is a Man Without a Moustache? (Croatian: Sto je muskarac bez brkova?) is a 2005 Croatian romantic comedy-drama film. Hrvoje Hribar directed the film and wrote the screenplay as an adaptation of Ante Tomic's 2000 novel of the same name.


  Leon Lucev  ...  Don Stipan / Ivica  
  Zrinka Cvitesic  ...  Tatjana  
  Ivo Gregurevic  ...  Marinko  
  Jelena Lopatic  ...  Julija  
  Bojan Navojec  ...  Stanislav  
  Marija Skaricic  ...  Ljubica  
  Jelena Miholjevic  ...  Ministrica  
  Nada Gacesic  ...  Ruza  
  Drazen Kuhn  ...  Ilija 

Starring Leon Lucev and Zrinka Cvitesic and set against a background of a country still recovering from the Croatian War of Independence, the film tells the story of a young widow who falls in love with a local priest and a difficult choice that the priest faces when being forced to choose between the woman and his church. It won the audience award at the Pula Film Festival as the favourite film while Zrinka Cvitesic won two festival awards for her performance in the film.
 
What Is a Man Without a Moustache? was commercially released in Croatia on July 23, 2005, and was screened domestically and abroad during 2005 and 2006 at several film festivals including the Pula Film Festival, Sarajevo Film Festival and International Thessaloniki Film Festival. Distributed in the United States by Doors Art Foundation, the film had limited theatrical release in the US, premiering in New York City on May 25, 2006. At the 53rd Pula Film Festival, the film won the Golden Gate of Pula award as the audience favourite. At the same festival, Cvitesic won the Golden Arena award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Tamara Obrovac won the award for Best Music Score. Critic Nathan Lee of The New York Times expressed opinions of a divided nature. He called the film pleasant if inconsequential, offered an opinion that it contains good-natured sensibility and a slightly fabulous tone while still feeling like magic realism, without the magic, and concluded his review by stating that the pleasant pointlessness of it all is laced with a tantalizing tease of allegory suggested by the dialectical twins and the strain of mellow nationalism in the dialogue.
