- D U P L E X -
P R O U D L Y P R E S E N T S :

Deus Ex: Human Revolution (c) Eidos Interactive
Date : August 2011 Languages: English
Platform : PS3 Genre : RPG

Release Info:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You play Adam Jensen, an ex-SWAT specialist who's been handpicked to
oversee the defensive needs of one of America's most experimental
biotechnology firms. Your job is to safeguard company secrets, but when a
black ops team breaks in and kills the very scientists you were hired to
protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes

Badly wounded during the attack, you have no choice but to become
mechanically augmented and you soon find yourself chasing down leads all
over the world, never knowing who you can trust. At a time when scientific
advancements are turning athletes, soldiers and spies into super enhanced
beings, someone is working very hard to ensure mankind's evolution follows
a particular path.

You need to discover where that path lies. Because when all is said and
done, the decisions you take, and the choices you make, will be the only
things that can change it.




A divided near-future: discover a time of great technological
advancement, but also a time of chaos and conspiracy. Mechanical
augmentations of the human body have divided society between those who can
afford them, and those who can't. Opposing forces conspire from the shadow
to control the destiny of mankind: a human revolution is coming.


A perfect mix of action and role-play: the game uniquely combines
action-packed close-quarter takedowns with intense shooting, offering a
vast array of character augmentations and upgrades for the many weapons at
your disposal. Unlock new abilities and increase your stealth, social,
hacking or combat skills: the game rewards all styles of play and
approaches. Determine how you want your character to evolve, based on how
you want to play the game.


Choices and consequences: shoot your way through your enemies, sneak
up behind them without being traced, hack systems to retrieve crucial
information, or use your social skills to extract information from key
characters - there are always choices, multiple approaches, multiple paths
and multiple tools at your disposal. Choose your playing style and face the
consequences of your actions: you decide how the story unfolds.


Notes:
~~~~~~

Fw 3.60+

Enjoy This Fine DUPLEX Release 