Cyber Ghost 4.7[Team Nanban][TPB]


ABOUT CYBER GHOST:

CyberGhost is an important tool for protecting your privacy. 

CyberGhost VPN replaces the externally visible IP address, which users have received 
from their provider when they dial up to connect to the Internet, 
with a CyberGhost VPN IP address. 

The CyberGhost user shares this IP address with a number of other users. 
This procedure ensures that the CyberGhost VPN IP address should not be assigned to 
one particular CyberGhost VPN user.


Communication between the CyberGhost VPN user's computer and 
the anonymization servers is also particularly well protected to 
prevent any eavesdropping on data transfers. 

This protection is set up in 2 steps when establishing the connection. 
1024-bit SSL encryption is used when establishing the connection. 

In this case, a 128-bit AES key is negotiated, which is unique for each connection. 
The actual communication takes place via this AES key.




PRIVACY:


CyberGhost takes care of your unmistakable IP address and changes it from a license plate,
 which can clearly identify you to every website operator as well as to your own provider, 
to just a piece of metal you share with thousands of other Internet users. 

No spying eye will be able to tell you from surfers, who hit the Internet at the same time 
as you: You are anonymized! Or cyberghosted, like we use to say.


FREEDOM:

Once ghosted, you can roam the Internet freely and uncensored, 
visit geo restricted web sites, watch blocked videos and 
investigate all topics of interest unhindered from your government, your school, 
your university or your employee. 

A simple example: If a content item, like a music video clip, is not available in 
your country, just log-in to one of our outside-your-country servers 
and virtually become an inhabitant of the respective nation. It's just as easy as that.



SECURITY:

CyberGhost VPN not just only anonymizes you. It encodes all data leaving 
your computer as well. 

You can look at your connection between you and the CyberGhost network as a tunnel 
with unbreakable solid walls, which hides all your data from spying eyes on public WLANs, 
Hot Spots and Internet cafes. 
And CyberGhost does not only concentrate on your browser: all Internet applications 
will be secured this way. It's nearly like walking invisible through Central Park 
at midnight, with your wallet wide open, and nothing will harm you. Cause nobody sees you!




CYBER-GHOST HELPS:


To protect your privacy on the Internet and hinder site operators from tracking you down 
and clearly identifying you.

To get access to uncensored websites outside your country, outside your office or 
outside your school resp. your university network.

To get access to blocked websites or blocked content by circumventing geo, IP or 
other blockades. CyberGhost let you surf as an American, a German, a Dutch 
wherever you are.

To guard a public Internet connection (WLANs, Hot Spots), so you can make payments 
or transactions without being spied on.

To investigate unbothered as a journalist, an activist or as a police officer.

To keep private affairs most private on adult or dating websites or 
highly delicate situations.

CyberGhost is Privacy Proofed: Anonymous registration, separated payment process, 
prepaid & cash payments available, more than contented 950.000 users, 
free choice of servers, more than 60 servers throughout Europe and the USA.


System Requirements:

Windows 7, Vista, XP: 32 Bit & 64 Bit
Ram: 512 MB
CPU: 1 GHz



TAKE THE FOLLOWING STEPS TO MAKE YOURSELF ANONYMOUS.!!!

1.Download and install the software
2.Start the software
3.Create an account if you are using the software for the first time
4.Log in to the CyberGhost VPN system
5.Connect to the service you want


DONE... you're now surfing anonymously.


NOTE : "NO VIRUS IN THIS TORRENT..ITS VERIFIED.."



PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING...DONT JUST HIT AND RUN..!

SEED AS FAR AS POSSIBLE AS MUCH AS YOU CAN...

MAKE THIS GREAT SOFTWARE AVAILABLE FOR OTHERS TOO.!!

THANKS TO ALL WHO WILL SEED THIS TORRENT.!