Various Artists
2 Meter Sessies Volume 3




Label: Radiorecords/Varagram
Released: 1992
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 391 MB
Format: FLAC





2 Meter Sessions: A legendary archive of music sessions. Songs in different renditions. From a single guitar and a small or acoustic version to complete bands that go full throttle with an electric set. We’ve recorded them all.



The 2 Meter Sessions were founded in 1987 by Dutch TV- and radio host Jan Douwe Kroeske, when we recorded the first 2 Meter Session with New-Zealanders Crowded House. Since then, the archive has grown into a amazing total of 1460 sessions. Ranging from bands of different genre, age and fame. To give you an idea, we’ve recorded from Nirvana to Eels. With Radiohead, Low Anthem, dEUS and Yeasayer in between. We’ve met up with Joe Cocker, Southside Johnny & the Ashbury Jukes, Aerosmith, JJ Cale, James Taylor, Tony Joe White and Jackson Browne. We weren’t even too shy to record with Sepultura and Tool. In short: We’re willing to record anything that we consider to be true and good music.



We have several friends with professional studios in Amsterdam where we record these 2 Meter Sessions for television and radio. We’ll broadcast them along the way at Hollands’ alternative radio station KinkFM. Where Jan Douwe, or ‘JD’, has two shows: 2 Meter into the Air every day from 7:00 – 9:00 Dutch time, and 2 Meter Live, every thursday night from 22:00 ’till midnight Dutch time. Don’t mind the language, you’ll understand the music. You can listen to the station at any time and place. That’s online with iTunes at www.kinkfm.com.



Also, we’ve had two seasons of 2 Meter Sessions: The Conversation. A talkshow with guests from the world of music who gets to pick three songs out of the archive, talks about the fragments and additionally plays a 2 Meter Session in the TV studio.






Track Listing

1. Southside Johnny & The Ashbury Jukes - It's Been A Long Time
2. Tragically Hip - Long Time Running 
3. Tony Joe White - (You're Gonna Look) Good In Blues 
4. Paul Young - Walking By Myself 
5. Richard Thompson - I Misunderstood 
6. Lindsey Buckingham - Street Of Dreans 
7. Laurie Freelove - Arms Of A Dream 
8. Rick Devito - Tower Of Babylon 
9. Adrin Borland & Wouter Planteijdt - Beneath the Big Wheel 
10. The Blessing - Hurricane Room 
11. Blue Guitars - Close Down 
12. Julian Cope - East Easy Rider 
13. Janis Ian - The Man You Are In Me 
14. Walter Trout Band - The Love That We Once Knew
15. Brendan Croker - This Kind Of Life 
16. The Mission - Love 
17. Jan Akkerman & BB Queen - (I Wanna Be) Next To You 
18. Soft Parade -  Moonchild 
