In this show, we discussed the long history of the Food and Drug Administration, and how they began life as the Bureau of Chemistry, whose mission was to promote the use of petrochemicals in foods and medicines. We covered some of the items that the C.D.C. considers great achievements, such as the fluoridation of the water supply. We discuss the lack of benefits from fluoride, and its toxic effects on the teeth, bones, mind and kidneys. We also provided fluoride's history, its use by the NAZIs, and how the NAZIs then went on to find uses for chlorine. We discussed how people from mainstream medicine react to us, including the differences between pharmacists, insurance workers and physicians. We also covered how the polio epidemic was intentionally caused by the medical establishment, and the popular mythology that vaccines brought an end to the catastrophe. We talk about how America is the most unsafe place in the civilized world for a mother to give birth, and how pregnancy is treated as a disease. We explain the importance of midwives for a safe birth, and their use throughout the rest of the world. We then discuss how nutritional deficiencies are rampant, and most have been caused by the adulteration of foods by the chemical industry. We finish by reporting that the FDA is now mandating graphic warning labels on cigarette packets, but they are unwilling to mention the hundreds of chemicals that their partner companies are lacing modern cigarettes with to make them dangerous. We also discuss the new generation of "fire safe" cigarettes. Instead, the F.D.A. has been blaming the victims, and we explain why smokers should use pure chemical-free tobacco to save their lives.

Time: 85 Minutes, 14 Seconds. Size: 72 Mb

Health Wyze Report releases this media presentation to the public, and encourages the sharing of it, so long as it is not remade into a form that maligns our work, and so long as conspicuous credit is given for its authorship, as specified in our Liberal Copyright Policy.