Dirty Work was originally released March 25, 1986, it was the first studio album in *17 years* that did not go to #1 in either the UK or the US. This one broke an unparalleled string of 10 #1 albums in a row, dating from the release of Let It Bleed in 1969. Dirty Work only made it to #3 in the UK and #4 in the US, making it the lowest charting for a studio album since the US release of The Rolling Stones, Now! only went to #5 in 1965.
The album includes the single hits Harlem Shuffle and One Hit (To The Body). Most people know the music, so in my reviews I try to give you data on the sessions and interesting facts connected with the songs and the album. Here we go:

Interesting notes include:
.....the working title for the album was 19 Stitches
.....the final cut (Sleep Tonight) is followed by a boogie-woogie piano fadeout memorial to Ian Steward, the real 6th Rolling Stone, who died Dec 12, 1985, just before the album was released and dedicated to him
.....Mick brought essentially nothing to the sessions because he had used all his latest ideas for his first solo album She's The Boss (Keith had threatened to "slit his......throat" if he toured with another band), so Keith took over the sessions and ran the band when Mick left to promote his album. When Mick returned, he used a different studio and worked at times when he would not be in the building with Keith.....If you watch the videos for One Hit and Fight you can actually see the (real) anger between them....they made up when the Stones played a memorial gig for Ian Steward Feb 28, 1986 at the 100 Club in Oxford St, London....They were billed as Rocket 86....(If you don't know rock history, that's the 1st rock and roll record, Ike Turner's Rocket 88, minus Brian and Ian).
.....things were so bad with the band that when a reporter asked Charlie what he thought of the album he said he didn't know it was out and asked if it was any good

The Dirty Work sessions occurred in early 1985 in Paris. Final mixing was done in New York at RPM Studios (Jul 16 - Aug 17 & Sep 10 - Oct 15, 1985) and at Right Track Studios (Nov 15 - Dec 5, 1985).
Jan 23 - Mar 2, 1985 at Pathe Marconi/EMI Studios in Paris
.....One Hit (To The Body)
.....Fight
.....Harlem Shuffle
.....Hold Back
.....Too Rude
.....Winning Ugly
.....Back To Zero
.....Dirty Work
.....Had It With You
.....Sleep Tonight

The Paris Dirty Work sessions produced a number of unreleased tracks, including What Am I Supposed To Do, Baby You're Too Much, Deep Love, Sending Out An Invitation, Some Of Us Are On Our Knees, For Your Precious Love, Strictly Memphis, What Are You Goin' To Do With My Love.

This information comes from "It's Only Rock And Roll: The Ultimate Guide To The Rolling Stones" by Karnbach and Bernson and from my own collection, with some of the notes from Davis' "Old Gods Almost Dead."

by Richard R. Carlton

TRACKLIST:

01 - One Hit (To The Body).wma                                        
02 - Fight.wma                                                        
03 - Harlem Shuffle.wma                                               
04 - Hold Back.wma                                                    
05 - Too Rude.wma                                                     
06 - Winning Ugly.wma                                                 
07 - Back To Zero.wma                                                 
08 - Dirty Work.wma                                                   
09 - Had It With You.wma                                              
10 - Sleep Tonight.wma                                                
11 - Key To The Highway.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	