Title: Marcello Marcello
Year: 2008 
Country: Switzerland / Germany
Language: Italian
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,56 GB 
Genre: Comedy / Romance
Runtime: 97 min
Resolution: 688 x 288
Bitrates: 448kbps
FPS: 25.000
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Denis Rabaglia
Starring:
Francesco Mistichelli  ...  Marcello Romei
Elena Cucci  ...  Elena Del Ponte
Alfio Alessi  ...  Armando Cesari
Luigi Petrazzuolo  ...  Pasquale
Luca Sepe  ...  Diego
Renato Scarpa  ...  Don Tommaso
Antonio Pennarella  ...  Mariano Romei
Roberto Bestazzoni  ...  Professor Pizzuti
Mariano Rigillo  ...  Mayor Del Ponte
Peppe Lanzetta  ...  Rozzani
Rosa Masciopinto  ...  Bernardina Palmieri
Teresa del Vecchio  ...  Rosetta Palmieri
Susy Del Giudice  ...  Evangelina di Meo
Gianfelice Imparato  ...  Pietro
Maria Pia Calzone  ...  Signora Lombardi

IMDB Link:                     
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1069235/


Plot: Italy, 1956. In the picturesque island of Amatrello, a unique custom keeps the young men of the village busy: when a girl turns eighteen, every boy is invited to bring a gift for her first date. However the gift is not for the girl, but for the father... who will ultimately determine which boy takes her on her first rendez-vous! Eighteen-year-old fisherman's son Marcello doesn't care about this tradition until he sets eyes on the enchanting Elena, the daughter of the Mayor, who has returned to the island and - according to the tradition - has come of age. As time runs out and competition rises, Marcello comes up with the perfect gift for the Mayor. But getting that gift isn't easy... Soon, he is forced to barter with the entire village, as everyone seems to want something from someone else... Marcello's frantic quest ensues, evolving into a process of reconciliation among the village's inhabitants. (IMDB)


THIS TORRENT HAS SOFT SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, FRENCH AND GERMANY.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ

AND SEE THIS ANOTHERS UPLOADS FROM "HORiZON-ArtSubs":  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/lletaif			