Album Title: V
Artist: Live
Format: Audio CD
Date: 2001, 18 September
Label: Universal
Genre: Post Grunge / Alt Rock

Format: MP3 Lame 320 kbps CBR

Tracklist: 
1.	Intro
2. 	Simple Creed
3.	Deep Enough	
4.	Like A Soldier
5.	People Like You	
6.	Transmit Your Love
7.	Forever May Not Be Long Enough	
8.	Call Me A Fool	
9.	Flow	
10.	The Ride
11.	Nobody Knows
12.	Ok? 
13.	Overcome
14.	Hero Of Love
15.	Untitled: Deep Enogh (Remix)

Allmusic.com Review:

The spiritual qualities in Live's music have often inspired comparisons to Bono and U2, and some admirers have noted the parallels between Ed Kowalczyk's reflections and the imagery that John Lennon employed. But there's another valid comparison that one doesn't often hear: Earth, Wind & Fire. Live's alternative rock sounds nothing like EWF's soul and funk, but lyrically, they do have something in common: an ability to get a positive, uplifting message across without being wimpy. EWF had some of the most gutsy, rump-shaking funk grooves of the '70s, and yet, their lyrics were undeniably spiritual; similarly, Live's fifth album, V, feeds the listeners' mind, spirit, and intellect without letting the body down. Those who think of Live as the conscience of post-grunge alternative rock won't be disappointed by the intelligence and spirituality the Pennsylvanians bring to "People Like You," "Simple Creed," and other enriching tracks. But for all of its thoughtfulness, V has plenty of guts and grit. It also has a willingness to experiment; during the course of the album, Live incorporates everything from hip-hop to Indian music. And the Beatles are still a prominent influence; "Hero of Love," "Nobody Knows," and "Transmit Your Love" are appealing examples of the Fab Four influencing musicians no less than 31 years after their breakup. Is Live the conscience of post-grunge alterna-rock? Reading V's lyric sheet, it would be difficult to argue with that assertion. But Live's ability to get a positive message across doesn't make this album any less edgy -- in fact, V is among the band's most confident and inspired releases.


This is my second torrent!
Comment if anything is wrong and, please, seed.
