 Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                 POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 38 - NASA Photos Alien Mother Ships Behind Sun
I found this interesting information back in January, 2010 a couple of days after the Actual Photos were taken from 2 NASA Satellites on The BACK SIDE of the SUN. The 6 metallic objects in the Photos are moving rapidly and,, get this they are the size of The Earth. No shit. NASA's own Cameras photographed in Stereo by 2 different telescopes.

There is a great Alien Deception going to played out on Earth. The Creator  Yahweh, Jesus Christ, The Holy Spirit and Unfallen Angels do not use Spacecraft. Only Satan and his Fallen Angels need mechanical help to travel the different dimensions. Satan and 43 of his high ranking Angels built and used the Pyramids around the World for regeneration. There are 44 Pyramid locations worldwide. The Same number as Satan and his Fallen Commanders. Then Noah's flood shows up to wipe the Nephilim from the Face of The Earth. Nephilim are offspring from an unholy mating of Fallen Angels and the Daughters of man. This bloodline is still around in The blood line of the Elite Reptilians. It is The bloodline of the Snake in The Garden of Eden that has caused all your grief in this lifetime. It is the Bloodline of Satan that is ruling us now in the Form of The NWO and his Elite Domination Masters. I wonder if Jesus died for Nephilim hybrids??? Maybe they are not eligible for resurrection. That would explain their dedication to Satan that has promised them resurrection. Not so complicated is it?

Beware, do not be deceived.



More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.

More of The Same. I Still have 65 more parts to go with Conspiracy Facts. This is a LARGE sewer pit we are dealing with here.

These POtHS 3 - Conspiracy FACTS - Have 93 parts to date. There will be more as WE are in the Middle of a WAR. The information we receive on the TV are all lies, it is a controlled media source that has nothing GOOD for you in it's programming. We have been scientifically "brain washed." Every advertising campaign you see is designed to deceive you.


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                                                               POtHS
                                                                      Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS



            thankyou    thankyou    thankyou Thank You JESUS   