              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                              Critical Damage RIP                           
 



   Release Date  :  14/11/2010                Protection  :  Nothing
   Release Type  :  RIP 09x5.00MB             Company     :  First Games Interactive




   Release Notes:

   Fascinating and entertainment action.                                    
                                                                            
   Simple and clear management.                                             
                                                                            
   More than 90 kinds of enemies.                                           
                                                                            
   10 unique locations.                                                     
                                                                            
   5 kinds of robots under control of the player.                           
                                                                            
   12 kinds of the weapon improved by the player, Including mines and       
   automatic Guns.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 


   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-crit.exe                                       
   3. Start game with cd.exe                                                
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            





     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 



                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "


Screenshot:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/eabnhaadc.jpg    

