Duke Nukem Forever - PC Game 
Release Date: June 14, 2011 
Toothless RAZOR1911 release: June 10, 2011 
Genre: First-Person Shooter 
Publisher: 2K Games 
Developer/Co-Developer: Gearbox Software / 3D Realms 
M for Mature: Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Mature Humor, 
Nudity, Strong Language, Strong Sexual Content, Use of 
Drugs and Alcohol (all around bad-ass game) 


Get ready to be reincarnated as the coolest, turretless and desperate hero in the history of computer and video games. Since his last adventure has been almost ten years, but players from all over the world for a moment not lost hope for a new meeting with him. And their dream became a reality - a world flooded with hordes of alien invaders, and hence - Duke Nyukem back! 

System requirements: 
• OS: Windows XP (SP 3) / Vista (SP 1) / 7 
• Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo clocked at 2.0 GHz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 processor with a clock frequency of 2.0 GHz 
• Memory: 1 GB of RAM 
• Video Memory: Video Card NVIDIA GeForce 7600 / ATI Radeon HD 2600 with 256 MB VRAM 
• Sound Card: Sound Card compatible with DirectX 
• Hard Drive: 10 GB of free hard disk space 
• DirectX: 9 

No foul cops nor evil space aliens or giant monsters - nothing and no one valiant knock muscular blond man from the path and does not detract from his hobbies - calmly to save the world and protect the beauties! 
For the punishment of apostates at the legendary robust fellow stashed an impressive arsenal of firearms toys. Adrenaline going wild and unprecedented interactivity - are your prospects in a company inimitable Duke! 
Forward! The fate of this world (yet again!) Depends only on you! 

Key features: 
Crumbs, and here he is! King shooter returns in a new explosive adrenaline adventure. Gas in the floor and eat bits - you will be the Las Vegas Strip, Hoover Dam, and dozens of other places full of those to whom it's time to kick ... you know what. 
Life-style Nyukema. Waiting for you a fully interactive terrific, wonderful world where you can do all that is so fond of Duke - to play basketball, engage in weight training, reading magazines ... well, or take a can of paint and write something on the nearest wall. And yet there is a crowd cuties that (who would doubt it?) Only dream about masculinity and blond. 
Toys for boys. Compare with the love of the Duke of beautiful girls can only his passion for cracking down on enemies. Shoot in the face of an alien creature with a shotgun, finally showing all the known gesture - what could be nicer? But you can still launch a rocket from an RPG, throw a bomb or to concoct something pozakovyristee. So the Duke and, therefore, you will get bored once! 
Duke Duke enemy. Tireless Nyukem remade the classic multiplayer modes, but remained true to his style. Reduce the enemy and crush his heavy boots? It's easy! Freeze and shatter? No problem! And, you can attach it to the back of the explosives, throw a homemade bomb between his legs, or, at worst, firing at point blank range. 


INSTALLTION NOTES:
<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>

Install RAZOR crack first as per instructions included
THEN copy the skidrow crack files to install directory --DONE!