All the Rage (1997) (USA)

Runtime:.......105 min
Country:.......USA 
Language:......English 
SUbtitles:.....English (Paraphrased)
Genre:.........Comedy
Release Date:..11 September 1998 (USA) 
Director:......Roland Tec
Stars:.........John-Michael Lander, David Vincent and Jay Corcoran 

Storyline:

ALL THE RAGE takes a satirical and poignant look at one gay man's obsessive pursuit of 
physical, sexual, and romantic perfection. Christopher Bedford is everyone's fantasy. 
He's gorgeous, young, clever, rich, and above all, totally buffed and every boy in 
Boston seems to want him. At thirty-one, he's gliding through life, celebrating 
himself as the 90's gay playboy ideal, without ever realizing what a mess he's become.

A viewer Review:
 
This movie IS poorly acted and put together, but it's unique in its subject matter, 
and I think that makes it worth seeing.
This is supposedly a satire of the shallowness of certain types of gays 
(they're called "twinks," "Gym Bunnies" and "Chelsea Boys" where I am) who are rich, overly groomed and superficial. It follows one guy, a shallow heartbreaker, as he falls in love with someone not of his "class."

A HUGE problem is the acting. I felt that a lot of the lines would have been funny if the actors could have sold them well. With a satire like this, the actors need to go at lines like "Are you telling me you dated someone who doesn't work out?" with absolutre sincerity, but what we get is a sort of "I'm just an actor, I'm not really like this, see" kind of irony. It kills the entire script. Lines that were funny when I read them in a review are absolutely flat on screen. One gets the impression the director asked his friends to be in the movie, and the result is the slightly embarrassed feeling of watching community theater.

Thematically, the movie is VERY tame. It doesn't really go far in satirizing its 
characters, and ends up in some ways reinforcing their viewpoints. A character 
who is not rich and doesn't work out is seen as SO DIFFERENT it's SHOCKING that our 
main character would even BE SEEN with him! So much for embracing diversity, huh? 
Near the end our protagonist is upbraided for not calling a guy when he said he 
would and basically being a playboy. Since when is this a crime in gay circles? 
Did he say he was a virgin and that they would be married? The effect one leaves 
the theater with is oe of those superficial types saying (and we've all heard it) 
"Oh I'm so superficial, it's awful" when you know they don't really mean it and 
won't change. I was curious to see WHO would go to see this movie, and was 
disappointed to see it's the very audience the movie pretends to criticize. 
They seemed absolutely unfazed.

But the fact that this movie DOES examine these attitudes at all I think makes 
it worth a viewing. It's one of those that's better to talk about than to 
sit through. And, if you're attracted to those kinds of hairless chiseled body 
types, there is ample chest on display... though if you're seeing the film for 
that reason, anything it has to say, I suspect, would be irrelevant to you.

enjoy the movie...

and...

don't forget:

We live in a very homophobic world full of prejudice and violence against LGBT community. Let’s change the world, reeducate the world in a good spirit! Let’s explain directly and indirectly to people how important is to respect and treat the LGBT community just as everyone else. Spread the word! Share the movie with your straight and gay friends. A picture says a 1000 words. A Movie – says a Million words.