Date Her, Dupe Her, Dump Her - The Complete Bastards Guide to Online Dating by Marcus Bliss

One man’s Bastardly journey from loser to user.

Failed as a writer, broke and living like a scumbag, Marcus Bliss’s true story is a sordid and often hilarious account of how he transformed his downbeat fortunes to enjoy staggering success seducing women. He wooed them on internet dating sites, wowed them on first dates and won their hearts and souls.

His extraordinary mastery took him from bedrooms and beyond as he plied his devilish seduction techniques on some of the world’s most eligible and beautiful women. Over the years, he travelled the world, lived off girlfriends, and won the genuine adoration of scores of gullible females.

Now, for the first time, Bliss reveals his darkest secrets as to how he became the Complete Bastard of seduction. Learn his easy to use strategy and you too can beat the best at online dating.

Date Her, Dupe Her, Dump Her is an online dating book with a difference – it revels in being politically incorrect.  You’ve probably heard that ‘nice guys finish 
last’.  Unfortunately, this is true.

Date Her, Dupe Her, Dump Her is a book for potential pick up artists who are not comfortable with the bar scene and so find it hard to use the methods of such writers as Neil Strauss aka Style, or Mystery.  Instead it is for guys who are happier using online dating in order to meet women.  Don’t be put off by the title – Dumping is purely optional.  If you are happy just to meet one good woman and have her fall hopelessly in love with you, this book is still for you.  Also, unlike the majority of internet dating books, the system doesn’t stop at the first date – it shows you what to do all the way from writing your profile, through first and subsequent dates until you have her totally wrapped around your finger.

I am actually the publisher of this book – ‘Papa Bastard’ as I’m called in it.  So why am I pirating my own title?

Unfortunately, Date Her, Dupe Her, Dump Her never got the attention that it deserved when it was released in June 2009.  Both the author, Marcus Bliss, and myself both found ourselves single at the time that the book was launched.  After spending six months fine-tuning the system, we were both itching to try out the system from start to finish.  To our delight, it worked like a dream.

Marcus found himself a very rich girlfriend who paid for him to accompany him around the world, leaving him no time to promote the book.  I too achieved more success than I ever dreamed possible.  Within a month of putting the system into practice, I found myself involved with two girls (both of whom were young enough to be my daughter – I’m an old dude!) – one of them was living with me during the week, while the other I visited at her place every weekend.  So I too never had the time to really promote the book.

So, because of this, very few people ever found out that it ever existed, which is a high proportion of the few people who stumbled across it were equally as successful with it as Marcus and I were.

Two years after the book was released, I figure that I might as well give it away so that at least all our hard work gets seen by a few more people.

If you do download the ebook and find it useful, then maybe you’d like to buy a printed version of the book, as it’s available from Amazon.  

Here are the links:

Amazon US: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0956144802?ie=UTF8&tag=complbasta-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0956144802

Amazon UK: http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0956144802?ie=UTF8&tag=complbasta-21&linkCode=as2&camp=1634&creative=6738&creativeASIN=0956144802

If not, no worries – may it bring you the same kind of success as it brought the author and myself. Enjoy!