Kevin Ayers, born 16 August 1944 in Herne Bay Kent, is an English songwriter and he was a major influential force in the English psychedelic movement Ayers was a founding member of the pioneering psychedelic band Soft Machine in the late 1960s, and was closely associated with the Canterbury scene. He has recorded a series of albums as a solo artist and over the years has worked with Brian Eno, Syd Barrett, John Cale, Elton John, Robert Wyatt, Andy Summers, Mike Oldfield, Nico and Ollie Halsall, among others. After living for many years in Deia Majorca, he returned to the United Kingdom in the mid 1990s. He now lives in the south of France. His most recent album was Unfairground, which was recorded in New York City, Tucson, Arizona, and London in 2006.
Ayers is the son of maverick BBC producer Rowan Ayers, but following his parent’s split and his mother’s subsequent marriage to a British civil servant, Ayers spent most of his childhood in Malaysia.  Ayers returned to England at the age of twelve, and in his early college years took up with the burgeoning musicians’ scene in the Canterbury area. He was quickly drafted into the Wilde Flowers, a band that featured Robert Wyatt and Hugh Hopper, as well as future members of Caravan. Ayers has stated in interviews that the primary reason he was asked to join was that he probably had the longest hair. However, this prompted him to start writing songs and singing.
The Wilde Flowers morphed into Soft Machine with the addition of keyboardist Mike Ratledge and guitarist Daevid Allen. Ayers switched to bass and shared vocals with the drummer Robert Wyatt. The contrast between Ayers’ baritone and Wyatt’s reedy tenor, plus the freewheeling mix of rock and jazz influences, made for a memorable new sound that caught on quickly in the psychedelic 1960s. The band often shared stages (particularly at the UFO Club) with Syd Barrett’s Pink Floyd. They released their debut single Love Makes Sweet Music - Feelin Reelin, Squeelin in February 1967, making it one of the first recordings from the new British psychedelic movement. Their debut album, The Soft Machine, was recorded in the USA for ABC-Probe and released in 1968. It is considered a classic of the genre. After an extensive tour of the United States opening for Jimi Hendrix, a weary Ayers sold his white Fender Jazz bass to Noel Redding and retreated to the beaches of Ibiza in Spain with Daevid Allen to recuperate. While there, Ayers went on a songwriting binge that resulted in the songs that would make up his first album, Joy of a Toy. The album was one of the first released on the new Harvest label, along with Pink Floyd’s releases. Joy of a Toy established Ayers as a unique talent with music that varied from the circus march of the title cut to the pastoral Girl on a Swing, and the ominous Oleh Oleh Bandu Bandong, based on a Malaysian folksong. Ayers’ colleagues from Soft Machine backed him, with the addition on some cuts of Rob Tait, sometime Gong drummer.

One interesting product of the sessions was the single, Religious Experience (Singing a Song in the Morning), early recordings of which featured Ayers’ close friend Syd Barrett on guitar and backing vocals. The lead guitar that appears on the final mix was often thought to have been played by Barrett, even appearing on various Barrett bootlegs, but Ayers has said that he played the solo, emulating Barrett’s style A second album, Shooting at the Moon, soon followed. For this, Ayers assembled a band that he called The Whole World, including a young Mike Oldfield on bass and occasionally lead guitar, avant-garde composer David Bedford on keyboards and improvising saxophonist, Lol Coxhill. Again Ayers came up with a batch of engaging songs interspersed with avant-garde instrumentals and a heavy dose of whimsy. The Whole World was reportedly an erratic band live, and Ayers was not cut out for life on the road touring. The band broke up after a short tour, with no hard feelings, as most of the musicians guested on Ayers\' next album, Whatevershebringswesing, which is regarded as one of his best, featuring the mellifluous eight-minute title track that would became Ayers’ signature sound for the 70s.
Bananamour is the fourth studio album by Kevin Ayers and it featured some of his most accessible recordings, including Shouting in a Bucket Blues and his whimsical tribute to Syd Barrett, Oh! Wot A Dream. After Whatevershebringswesing, Ayers assembled a new band anchored by drummer Eddie Sparrow and bassist Archie Legget and employed a more direct lyricism. The centrepiece of the album is ‘Decadence’, his withering portrait of Nico.
1974 was a watershed year for Ayers. In addition to releasing his most compelling music in this year, he was helped provide other artists with access to a wider stage, most notably Lady June (June Campbell Cramer). The recording, titled Lady June’s Linguistic Leprosy, made in a front room of Cramer’s home in Vale Court, Maida Vale, brought Lady June’s spoken word poetry together with the music and voice of Ayers, and also had contributions by Brian Eno and Pip Pyle. The Confessions of Dr. Dream and Other Stories marked Ayers\' move to the more commercial Island record label and is considered by many to be the most cohesive example of Ayersian philosophy. The production was expensive, with Ayers quoting the recording costs in a 1974 NME interview as exceeding £32,000 (a vast figure at the time). On this LP Mike Oldfield returned to the fold and guitarist Ollie Halsall from progressive rock band Patto began a twenty-year partnership with Ayers.
On the 1 June 1974, Ayers headlined a heavily publicised concert at the Rainbow Theatre, London, accompanied by John Cale, Nico, Brian Eno and Mike Oldfield. The performance was released by Island Records just 27 days later on a live LP entitled June 1, 1974. Tensions were somewhat fraught at the event since the night before John Cale had caught Ayers sleeping with his wife prompting him to write the bile-soaked paean Guts that would appear on his 1975 album Slow Dazzle.
In 1976 Ayers returned to his original label Harvest and released Yes We Have No Mañanas. The album was a more commercial affair and secured Ayers a new American contract with ABC Records. The LP featured contributions from B.J. Cole and Zoot Money. That same year Harvest released a collection entitled Odd Ditties, that assembled a colorful group of songs that Ayers had consigned to single B-Sides or left unreleased. 

The late 70s and 80s saw Ayers as a self-imposed exile in warmer climes, a fugitive from changing musical fashions, and a hostage to chemical addictions. 1983’s Diamond Jack and the Queen of Pain was, perhaps, a low-point for Ayers. He was quoted in a 1992 BBC radio 1 interview as saying he had virtually no recollection of making those records. The road back was marked with 1988’s prophetically titled Falling Up, that received his first unanimously positive press notices in years. In 1988 he also recorded a vocal track for Mike Oldfield\'s single, Flying Start. The lyrics of this song contains many references to Ayers’ life. Despite the critical acclaim Falling Up received, Ayers by this point had almost completely withdrawn from any public stage, a state further compounded by the sudden death, by a drugs overdose, of his musical partner Ollie Halsall. An acoustic album Still Life with Guitar recorded with Fairground Attraction surfaced in France on the FNAC label and was subsequently released throughout Europe. Some collaborations with Ayers fanatics Ultramarine and a concert tour with Liverpool\'s Wizards of Twiddly completed his output in the 90’s. A recording of a London concert with the Wizards of Twiddly was released on the Market Square label in 2000 under the title Turn The lights Down!. 
Ayers also did two brief tours of California in 1998 and 2000, both of which were organized and financed by Los Angeles-based musician Richard Derrick, who had also produced Ayers’ two solo Los Angeles concerts in 1993. Shows were limited to Los Angeles and San Francisco, with local musicians serving as backing bands. Ayers headlined the 1998 shows, while the 2000 shows saw him opening for Gong (their only concerts together in the US). Derrick released the highlights from these concerts on his Box-O-Plenty label in 2004 as Alive In California.
In the late 90s, Ayers was living the life of a recluse in the South of France. At the Sculpture Centre, he met American artist Tim Shepard who had been invited to use studio space there, and the two became friends. Ayers started to show up at Shepard’s house with a guitar, and by 2005, passed some new recordings onto Shepard, most taped on a cassette recorder at his kitchen table. The songs were by turns poignant, insightful and honest, and Shepard, deeply moved by what he heard, encouraged Ayers to record them properly for a possible new album. Signing with London\'s LO-MAX Records, Shepard found equal enthusiasm for the demos and after making some tentative enquiries, discovered a hotbed of interest for Ayers’ work amongst the current generation of musicians. New York’s Ladybug Transistor set up rehearsals for a possible recording organised by band leader Gary Olson, and Kevin flew out to New York. When the rehearsals gelled, the entourage, which had now swelled to include horn and string players, flew out to Tucson, Arizona where the first sessions were recorded in a dusty hangar known as Wavelab Studios.

With the tapes from the first sessions, Shepard set about getting Ayers to complete the album in the UK, where by now word had spread, and a host of musicians started gravitating to the studio. Shepard recounted meeting Teenage Fanclub at a Go-Betweens party and hearing their passion for Ayers’ music, and wrote a letter to singer, guitarist Norman Blake. Mojo magazine reported that, within a couple of weeks, Ayers was in a Glasgow studio with Teenage Fanclub and a host of their like-minded colleagues, who had all assembled to work with their hero. Bill Wells from the Bill Wells Trio rubbed shoulders with Euros Childs from Gorkys Zygotic Mynci and Francis Reader from the Trash Can Sinatras.
Friends and peers from the past also visited the sessions. Robert Wyatt provided his eerie Wyattron in the poignant Cold Shoulder, Phil Manzanera contributed to the brooding Brainstorm, Hugh Hopper from Soft Machine played bass on the title track and Bridget St. John, a British Folk singer beloved of John Peel, duetted with Ayers on Baby Come Home, the first time they had sung together since 1970 on Shooting at the Moon. The Unfairground was released to critical acclaim in September 2007.  (wikipedia)


Songs For Insane Times - An Anthology 1969-1980 (EMI, September 2008)

In a fairer world, Kevin Ayers would enjoy the widespread acclaim of a Martyn or a Reed. Had tragedy struck, we would reverently file him next to Barrett and Drake. Instead, Ayers has carved out his own singular, defiantly low-key niche, seemingly destined to remain under the popular radar. For the uninitiated, this four-disc set offers an expertly chosen overview of the Ayers glory years. The earliest material combines post-psychedelic pastoralism with veiled menace, flitting between nostalgic whimsy and radical experimentation. As the early Seventies progress, the songwriting deepens and matures, its easy tunefulness concealing rich seams of romantic idealism and wry cynicism. By the mid-Seventies, stardom began to beckon. Unimpressed by its false promises, and temperamentally ill-suited to the rigours of self-promotion, Ayers slowly retreated. Overlooked by all but the committed few, there are still shining nuggets to be mined from the patchier later work, as ably demonstrated here. A previously unreleased and quite magnificent 1973 concert performance completes the package, showcasing the cult hero at the height of his powers.  (Mike Atkinson)

Disc: 1

 1. Town Feeling 
 2. Song For Insane Times 
 3. Girl On A Swing
 4. The Lady Rachel 
 5. Stop This Train (Again Doing It) 
 6. Eleanor’s Cake (Which Ate Her) 
 7. Religious Experience (Singing A Song In The Morning)
 8. Soon Soon Soon 
 9. Rheinhardt And Geraldine - Colores Para Dolores 
10. May I? 
11. Clarence In Wonderland 
12. The Oyster And The Flying Fish 
13. Shooting At The Moon 
14. Butterfly Dance 
15. Gemini Child 
16. Stars 
17. There Is Loving-Among Us-There is Loving 

Disc: 2

 1. Stranger In Blue Suede Shoes (Early Mix)
 2. Song From The Bottom Of A Well 
 3. Oh My 
 4. Margaret 
 5. Whatevershebringswesing 
 6. Decadence 
 7. Oh! Wot A Dream 
 8. Don\'t Let It Get You Down 
 9. Interview 
10. Caribbean Moon 
11. The Up Song 
12. The Confessions Of Doctor Dream. Irreversible Neural Damage 
13. It Begins With A Blessing-Once I Awakened-But It Ends With A Curse 
14. See You Later-Didn\'t Feel Lonely \'til I Thought Of You (Medley) 
15. Ballbearing Blues 

Disc: 3

 1. After The Show 
 2. Thank You Very Much 
 3. Observations 
 4. Toujours La Voyage 
 5. Diminished But Not Finished 
 6. Farewell Again (Another Dawn) 
 7. Yes I Do 
 8. Love’s Gonna Turn You Round 
 9. Ballad Of Mr Snake 
10. Blue 
11. Ballad Of A Salesman Who Sold Himself 
12. A View From The Mountain 
13. Beware Of The Dog II 
14. Hat Song 
15. Money, Money, Money 
16. Super Salesman 
17. Where Do The Stars End? 

Disc: 4

 1. Banana Introduction (Live)
 2. Stranger In Blue Suede Shoes (Live)
 3. Interview (Live)
 4. Whatevershebringswesing (Live)
 5. Oh! Wot A Dream (Live)
 6. Shouting In A Bucket Blues (Live)
 7. Caribbean Moon (Live)
 8. Don’t Let It Get You Down (Live)
 9. We Did It Again (Live)
10. Why Are We Sleeping? (Live)
11. After The Show (Live)
