 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0765429/

7,9




Ridley Scott's American Gangster is a brutal, slick, and stylish portrayal of real life cult figure and international drug smuggler Frank Lucas. With tangled webs, deceit, strong aggression, shady characters and sinister plans, American Gangster has the gritty and pleasurable nostalgia of classic gangster films such as The Godfather and Scarface. 

Drug-kingpin Frank Lucas smuggles heroin into the US by hiding it with the bodies of soldiers killed during battle in Vietnam. By delivering a product that is far superior to his competitors, Lucas has rapidly established his status as Harlem's most innovative drug dealer. While Lucas delicately constructs his own criminal empire, Richie Roberts (Russell Crowe), one of the few honest detectives in a corrupt system, senses a sizeable shift within the hierarchy of the drug underworld and sets out to investigate this hitherto unknown power player that has come out of the shadows to dominate the drug trade. But with Detective Trupo (Josh Brolin), Roberts' crooked and jealous colleague, wanting to obstruct and ruin the integrity of his idealistic counterpart, Roberts is left with little option other than to take desperate measures to end Lucas' rule in Harlem.

Academy Award winning lead actors Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe both turn in exhilarating and exceptional performances. With an engrossing story, powerful dialogue, realistic violence, and sharp stylish scenes, American Gangster delivers a complete, memorable, finely made, and richly satisfying crime epic that can be savoured again and again.


Director Ridley Scott
Certificate 18 years and over
Year 2007
Screen Widescreen 1.85:1 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1)
Additional Languages Hungarian
Subtitles English for the hearing impaired Arabic Danish Finnish Hungarian Icelandic Norwegian Swedish
Region Region 2

Extended Version includes over 18 minutes of Additional Footage Not Shown In Cinemas
An Alternative Ending
Original Theatrical Trailer
Feature Commentary with Director Ridley Scott and Writer Steve Zaillian

Denzel Washington Russell Crowe Cuba Gooding Jr Josh Brolin RZA John Ortiz John Hawkes Ted Levine Yul Vazquez 

American Gangster [2007 PAL DVD][En.Hu Multisubs[8]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Filmen berättar den sanna framgångssagan om Frank Lucas, en småtjuv från Harlem som under 1970 talet tar sig upp genom gangsterhierarkin och skapar sig ett brottsimperium. Hans namn når kultstatus innan han slutligen stoppas av en ensam snut, vars enda drivkraft är att rensa gatorna från brott. Den hårdkokte snuten Richie Roberts bestämmer sig dock för att hitta Lucas och få honom fälld. Roberts jakt på Lucas utvecklas till en hjärnornas kamp mellan två män på varsin sida om lagen.

Speltid 150 min
EAN-kod 5050582536485
Textning Arabiska Danska Engelska Finska Isländska Norska Svenska Ungerska 
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
 Ungerska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild Widescreen 1.85:1 (anamorfisk)
Extra material
» Extended version
» Original theatrical version
» Commentaries
» Deleted scenes
» Alternate opening
» Case files: Behind the scenes
» Fallen Empire: Making American Gangster
Lokal titel American gangster
Orginal titel American Gangster
Genre Thriller Action Drama
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 2007
Regi Ridley Scott
Manus Steven Zaillian Mark Jacobson
