-
http:// www .Torrentkit .com        thanks for supporting with server cost,  
http:// www .Torrentkit .com       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ...... http://www. Torrentkit. com..........

-       
     
     
                   
         
             
         
         
         
                   
              
                 
             
                       
             
             
             
        
          
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
                           
              
              
              
     
        
          
      ....    
      .    
      .    
          
        
     
                                                           
                Cathode Ray Terrorists Proudly Bring you...            
                                                                       
     

      Donald.Trumps.Golf.War.WS.PDTV.XviD-PVR

     

      UK Air Date     01/Mar/11
      Release Date    17/Apr/11
      Channel         BBC1
      Genre           Documentary
      Source          PDTV
      Video Format    XviD 608x336 25.000 fps 1 166 Kbps
      Audio Format    VBR MP3 130 Kbps 48.0 KHz
      Duration        00:58:59.880
      Filesize        549 MB

     
     Description...                                                  
                                                       

      Documentary following the epic battle of American
      billionaire Donald Trump to build 'the greatest golf course in
      the world' on a beautiful, protected stretch of coastline in the
      north-east of Scotland. When Trump announces bold plans for two
      golf courses, private houses and a five-star hotel, not everyone
      welcomes him with open arms. Protestors find an unlikely local
      hero in farmer Michael Forbes. His 22-acre property is
      surrounded on all sides by prime Trump real estate, yet the
      stubborn local farmer is not selling. Featuring five years of
      exclusive interviews with Trump and his family, the programme
      tells the story of this controversial billion-pound development
      from first announcement to the moment the diggers roll.
      
     
                                                      Group Notes...
        We are looking for:                           
                                                                     
      .EU Affil sites, NO COLO/RENTED.                              
                                                                     
      Retail TV dvds before the retail date.                        
                                                                     
      Can't get in contact with us? There's probably a reason.       
                                                                     
     
               Greets: iNGOT KYR PFa SYS watbath WATERS             x