Artist: Marianne Faithfull
Title Of Album: Horses and High Heels
Label: Dramatico Records
Year Of Release: 2011
Genre: Alternative, Indie, Pop, Rock
Quality: mp3
Bitrate: 256 kbps cbr
Total Time: 52:11
Total Size: 95 MB

Award winning English singer, songwriter and actress Marianne Faithfull is set to release her 23rd solo album, Horses And High Heels, in January 2011 in France and Germany and March 7th in the UK. The album, which was recorded in the New Orleans French Quarter in September and October, features eight cover versions and four original new songs co-written by Marianne, four songs which feature the virtuoso guitar playing of John Porter, a musician/producer friend most noted for his work with Roxy Music, Eric Clapton and The Smiths.

The Hal Willner, produced album also includes one song with lyrics specially written for her by Irish playwright Frank McGuiness (the evocative ‘The Old House’), two cameo appearances on guitar from another old friend, Lou Reed, plus further cameos from Dr. John and MC5’s Wayne Kramer.

Speaking about the album, Faithfull says: “Conventional happiness isn’t my way, you know. But this is a very happy record. I’m not depressed anymore. And I think it’s all been well worth it. I did have a bit of a bad time in the 70s but I think things have been wonderful. So I suppose this album is a bit of a breakthrough. I’m incredibly lucky, don’t think I don’t know it. I’m so grateful to be able to still write songs and express my emotion in music. And the best thing of all is working with such great people. It’s inspirational.”

Tracklist:

01. The Stations
02. Why did we have to part
03. That’s how every empire falls
04. No reason
05. Prussian blue
06. Love song
07. Gee baby
08. Goin’ back
09. Past present future 
10. Horses and high heels
11. Back in baby’s arms
12. Eternity
13. The old house

see also at my other torrents:     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/spikkie

Please help seeding this one for a while!