See MIPS Run... Linux, Second Edition (c) by Morgan Kaufmann

   This second edition is not only a thorough update of the first edition, 
   it is also a marriage of the best-known RISC architecture--MIPS--with 
   the best-known open-source OS--Linux. The first part of the book begins 
   with MIPS design principles and then describes the MIPS instruction set 
   and programmers resources. It uses the MIPS32 standard as a baseline 
   (the 1st edition used the R3000) from which to compare all other 
   versions of the architecture and assumes that MIPS64 is the main option. 
   The second part is a significant change from the first edition. It 
   provides concrete examples of operating system low level code, by using 
   Linux as the example operating system. It describes how Linux is built 
   on the foundations the MIPS hardware provides and summarizes the Linux 
   application environment, describing the libraries, kernel device-drivers 
   and CPU-specific code. It then digs deep into application code and 
   library support, protection and memory management, interrupts in the 
   Linux kernel and multiprocessor Linux. Sweetman has revised his 
   best-selling MIPS bible for MIPS programmers, embedded systems 
   designers, developers and programmers, who need an in-depth 
   understanding of the MIPS architecture and specific guidance for writing 
   software for MIPS-based systems, which are increasingly Linux-based. 
   
   * Completely new material offers the best explanation available on how 
   Linux runs on real hardware.  
   
   * Provides a complete, updated and easy-to-use guide to the MIPS 
   instruction set using the MIPS32 standard as the baseline architecture 
   with the MIPS64 as the main option. 
   
   * Retains the same engaging writing style that made the first edition so 
   readable, reflecting the authors 20+ years experience in designing 
   systems based on the MIPS architecture. 

   http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0120884216/