C O N S P I R A C Y


PRESENTS
 
Release Name....... Super.Meat.Boy.READNFO-CPY
Release Date....... 05/12/2010
Shop Release Date.. 30/11/2010
Format............. Iso
Release............ Game
Kind............... Casual
Protection......... -
Files N............ 15x15MB
 
INFORMATION
 
Super Meat Boy is a tough as nails platformer where you play as
an animated cube of meat who's trying to save his girlfriend (who
happens to be made of bandages) from an evil fetus in a jar wearing
a tux.
Our meaty hero will leap from walls, over seas of buzz saws, through
crumbling caves and pools of old needles. Sacrificing his own well
being to save his damsel in distress. Super Meat Boy brings the old
school difficulty of classic NES titles like Mega Man 2, Ghost and
Goblins and Super Mario Bros. 2 (The Japanese one) and stream lines
them down to the essential no BS straight forward twitch reflex
platforming.
Ramping up in difficulty from hard to soul crushing SMB will drag
Meat boy though haunted hospitals, salt factories and even hell
itself. And if 300+ single player levels weren't enough SMB also
throws in epic boss fights, a level editor and tons of unlock able
secrets, warp zones and hidden characters.
 
Instructions:
 
-Burn or mount the image
-Install the game
-Have fun
 
NOTES: 
 
In this release are included all updates up to number 5 and a 
Language Changer.
To change the language just copy the language changer from the disc
to the installation Dir (or flag the option on the installer), then 
run it and follow the instructions. It might not work very well
for non-latin fonts (like korean or russian) but that's not 
our fault...
 
Many thanks to all our supporters -- you know who you are.
 
GROUP
 
Established in 1999, we are possibly the oldest Italian-based
release group still in activity.  We express a big THANK YOU to
all those friends who helped us in various forms throughout these
years!  Don't forget to support the companies and to keep the
Scene about FUN. :-)

