UNCENSORED/ENGLISH AUDIO

eps 1

Romance is what human encounters produce... And, sometimes, it impales one\'s heart the way a flash of a 
sword can... The times are hard in these lands. Our group of blade swingers and demon catchers battle 
against evil, trying to stop the resurrection of a horrible demon. Little do they know all she needs is 
Keith\'s sacred fluid. Jannette, the female mercenary who came to help Keith, is kidnapped by bandits and 
is taken to their stronghold. They repeatedly have there way with her. 
Will Keith arrive in time to rescue her before the chief of the bandits succeeds in penetrating her? 
With the sexual stimulant applied, her desire is too strong, and she can\'t help but beg Keith to provide 
what her body demands. Will Keith succeed in satisfying her sexual desires? 

eps 2

Keith and Rena embark on a new adventure to find the high Priestess that has been captured by the evil 
Dolfus. Dolfus, a demonic monster, holds her in his lair as he has his way with her. He waits for Rena 
to fall into his trap. The monster is after her sex elixir, its hidden energy is to resurrect its 
master, the God of Darkness. Will Keith be able to save them all?

eps 3

A new job falls into the lap of Keith, the Adventurer!!!

A HOT piece of tail can be quite persuasive as Keith soon finds out. Lyons precious Lute was taken by a 
robber. The evil Duke is plotting to murder the royal family as he amuses himself by leaving his load in 
a group of fair maidens. Sexually charged, the Duke finds pleasure not only in woman but also in men. 
Will Keith and Lyon recover her precious Lute and save the royal family?
Will she reward him for his loyalty with her firm knockers and precious pink Cadillac? 

eps 4 

New Encounters, New Adventures!!!

On their way to deliver the Silver Rainbow, Keith and his gorgeous childhood crush, Mysty, stumble upon 
a band of thieves as they kidnap a beautiful virgin elf and her magic unicorn. With their long time pent 
up frustration flowing through their bodies, Keith & Mysty succumb to their desire when no sooner do they 
need to rescue the virgin elf from her scheming assailants. The elf, unable to suppress her desire for her 
hero, hesitates before telling Keith \"As an elf, I must give my virginity to my rescuer\". As they engage 
in raw, passionate sex, all Keith can do is smile and think \"To the victor goes the spoils\".

eps 5

Special Massage at The House Of Adventurers !!! When Keith happens across Spika, he notices another beautiful 
woman shadowing her. Is it a ghost? Determined to solve the mystery, Keith follows Spika to some haunted ruins, 
where a masseuse works on her naked body, touching and exciting her sexual desires. As he watches, strange smoke 
from incense drifts over, knocking him unconscious. The next thing he knows, he\'s having heated sex with the 
masseuse. With Keith\'s unflinching desire to help, Ellise regains her physical body and consummates her sexual 
desires.

Will Keith Slay the creature and save Ellise?

Hot Sex and Hot Secrets are about to be exposed!!!


eps 6

Keith witnesses a monster kidnap Elfarcia. The creature takes her to an old castle on top of a lonely island 
deserted in the middle of a lake. The monster is a servant of an evil wizard, who is after her prize and her 
body. The wizard intends to destroy the Earth using black magic.

Will Keith arrive before Elfarcia is penetrated? Will the wizard prove to be too powerful to defeat?

Only Keith\'s friends, Spika, Jannette, Rena, Carmine, Rycure, Bagas and Slimester can come to his rescue. 

The sexually explosive finale to this exciting series!!