The company Nuance Communications has introduced a new version of its PaperPort Professional 14, designed to scan paper documents and convenient entry into electronic document management system. PaperPort 14 system offers all the same features, familiar to many users of previous versions, only in an expanded and improved form quick and easy scanning, clear systematization of documents, extensive support of PDF, as well as communication with network folders and applications.

In addition to familiar features a new version of PaperPort 14 offers a couple of new products that allow the product to follow two of the most current trends in personal and business applications - mobile and cloud computing.

Increased speed and convenience of scanning provide new add-Scan-and-Open (open and scan) for the quick scan One-Click. Quick Scan function now supports virtually any input image with interfaces TWAIN, WIA, and ISIS. In the end, with the rapid scanning provides much better image quality and OCR - increase the accuracy up to 34%. Compress documents using PDF-MRC algorithm allows to generate PDF files in size 8 times smaller than conventional PDF-files without compression. Navigate through an archive of documents facilitates new concept in the form of folders, support for the standard context menu of Windows, and also lists support the transition to Windows 7.

Among other important changes of PaperPort 14 highlights the support of more than 20 "cloud" services, including Google Docs and Evernote, plus your own cloud and mobile service Nuance PaperPort Anywhere. PaperPort Anywhere service allows subscribers to automatically save documents on their computers in the cloud, and then refer to these documents through the program itself PaperPort 14 in Windows, via any web-browser, as well as with free mobile applications for Apple iPad devices and the iPhone, or for devices running Android.

Also worth noting is a new feature called PDF Hover Notes («floating" notes to PDF-files). Now the package PaperPort 14 is available to the user much more information during the review of PDF-documents in folders as icons - in the upper left corner of the icon of the document is displayed major indicator that shows that this file contains the keywords and description. Hovering your mouse over this icon, you can see a pop-up dialogue with the description, without having to open the file.

System requirements:
Minimum Hardware Requirements
Intel Pentium compatible, or newer CPU
1 GB RAM
700 MB free hard disk space for application files and installation
1024x768 resolution display with 16 bit (High Color) or better
Windows compatible pointing device
Supported Operating Systems
Windows XP 32-bit SP3
Windows Vista 32-bit and 64-bit with SP2 or higher
Windows 7 32-bit and 64-bit
Supported Web Browsers (Favorites and PDF Viewer)
Internet Explorer 7 +
Firefox 3, 4 and 5.5
Chrome 4, 9 (versioning changed)
DVD-ROM drive (required for installation)

Name: PaperPort Professional 14
Version: 14.00 Pro
Developer: Nuance
Language: English (United States) / French (Standard) / German
Treatment: complete (ready-serial)

