I was not able to find this audiobook anywhere on line but I did find the pdf version, so I ran it through text to speach using crystal ATT. sounds ok but 

the table of contents is a little funny not showing the chapter names but the first few words of the chapter, in short the first couple of minutes is 

confusing but since I do not have a audio editing SW, I figured if you are intrested in listening to this great book the you can deal with the funny part.

Tomfc2



From Publishers Weekly
Starred Review. Harrison's intriguing ninth Hollows novel (after 2010's Black Magic Sanction) lives up to the earlier books, which established Harrison as 

a major urban fantasy player. Witch and bounty hunter Rachel Morgan needs to get to her brother's wedding. This leads to an uneasy alliance with her elven 

frenemy Trent Kalamack, who's being pushed toward Seattle by a quest. Meanwhile, Jenks the pixy is recovering from the loss of his wife, Matalina, and 

needs distraction. The result: "A witch, an elf, and a pixy on the Great American Road Trip" through a landscape reworked by magic, facing down terrifying 

foes en route. Elegant and taut as a gymnast's cartwheel, Harrison's polished prose drives a story that will have readers swerving in their seats every 

time Rachel turns the wheel. 

From Booklist
*Starred Review* The ninth Rachel Morgan novel finds our tough and feisty witch on a mission to get her shunning rescinded, which requires traveling to 

the annual witch convention in San Francisco. But the coven doesn’t want her to make her appointment, so they’ve put her on the no fly list, which is why 

she has to accept Trent’s offer of a cross-country car trip. The rich elf has his own reasons for traveling cross-country, telling Rachel and Ivy that he 

is on a traditional elf quest. Fans of the series will recognize that simply having Trent, Jenks, Ivy, and Rachel on a road trip is enough to make for a 

good story, but that is merely the beginning of an action-packed tale that finds Rachel coming fully into her demon magic powers and reevaluating her 

long-held impressions of Trent. Ending with hints of some major character developments and changes in Rachel’s life, this is an excellent entry that is 

guaranteed to satisfy Harrison’s legion of followers. (Should there be any overlap between Clint Eastwood and Kim Harrison fan clubs, that subset will 

certainly enjoy Harrison’s allusions here to Eastwood’s Pale Rider.) The Rachel Morgan series is fast becoming one of the hottest tickets in the urban-

fantasy subgenre. --Jessica Moyer 