Expert Oracle Application Express By Dietmar Aust, Martin Giffy D'Souza, Doug Gault, Dimitri Gielis, Roel Hartman, Michael Hichwa, Sharon Kennedy, Denes Kubicek, Raj Mattamal, Dan McGhan, Francis Mignault, Anton Nielsen, John Scott



Publisher: Ap..re..ss 2011 | 620 Pages | ISBN: 1430235128 | PDF | 51 MB


Expert Oracle Application Express brings you groundbreaking insights into developing with Oracle’s enterprise-level, rapid-development tool from some of the best practitioners in the field today. Oracle Application Express (APEX) is an entirely web-based development framework that is built into every edition of Oracle Database. The framework rests upon Oracle’s powerful PL/SQL language, enabling power users and developers to rapidly develop applications that easily scale to hundreds, even thousands of concurrent users.
The 13 authors of Expert Oracle Application Express build their careers around APEX. They know what it takes to make the product sing—developing secure applications that can be deployed globally to users inside and outside a large enterprise. The authors come together in this book to share some of their deepest and most powerful insights into solving the difficult problems surrounding scalability, globalization, configuration and lifecycle management, and more. You’ll learn about debugging and performance, deep secrets to customizing your application user interface, how to secure applications from intrusion, and about deploying globally in multiple languages. Expert Oracle Application Express is truly a book that will move you and your skillset a big step towards the apex of Application Express development.

Presents best-practices and development insights from leading experts in the field
Addresses globalization, scalability, security, and other concerns of enterprise-level development
Shows how to customize APEX for your own application needs
What you’ll learn
Solve tough problems in scalability in order to serve thousands of users
Design applications to sidestep performance problems and easily scale upwards
Deploy applications globally while respecting linguistic and cultural differences
Customize applications by exploiting APEX’s roots in PL/SQL
Reduce the stress of managing application lifecycle and configuration
Secure outwardly-facing applications and their data from intrusion
Who this book is for
Expert Oracle Application Express is aimed at APEX developers who seek the deepest possible knowledge of Oracle Application Express and how to develop with it. Readers should know and be proficient with APEX, and be prepared to expend some mental energy in absorbing the high-end material in this book.


