DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Get real-world advice for doing real work on your iPad!

Any day can be "Take Your iPad to Work Day." Let Joe Kissell help you find and use the best productivity apps and techniques for your iPad. Whether you'd like to run your office from an easy chair, take meeting notes on your iPad, or travel light and still be able to create and edit documents, spreadsheets, presentations, and more, Joe's real-world advice helps you make the most of your iPad.

Special topics include clever tips on how to use the iPad's virtual keyboard effectively, the best ways to transfer documents among apps and devices, how to print from the iPad (with or without AirPrint-compatible printers), and ways to surmount common hurdles that keep you from using your iPad productively. You'll also learn the pros and cons of Apple's productivity tools and get savvy suggestions for third-party products that you may want to add to your iPad toolkit.

This book will teach you to:

Type right: You'll learn tips for maximizing typing speed and accuracy with the onscreen keyboard and learn the best ways to use the iPad Keyboard Dock and Bluetooth keyboard options.

Select, cut, copy, and paste: These commands may be second-nature to you on a regular computer, but learning their touchscreen variants may give you pause. Joe explains what to do.

Transfer files among apps and devices: If you find that using iTunes to exchange documents with your iPad is limiting or cumbersome, take heart! This ebook looks carefully at apps that can exchange documents with each other and with cloud/server-based systems, including Air Sharing HD, Documents To Go, Dropbox, GoDocs, GoodReader, Google Documents and Spreadsheets, MobileMe iDisk, Memeo Connect, Office2 HD, PrintCentral, Quickoffice Connect Mobile Suite, ReaddleDocs, SugarSync, and more.

Manage your contacts and calendars: Learn the basics of using the iPad's included Contacts and Calendar apps.

Take notes effectively at meetings and lectures: It's hard to take a shiny new iPad to a meeting unobtrusively, but once the ooohs and ahhhs die down, you'll be able to get back to business, with pointers for using Apple's Notes app, and tips on great third-party apps that help you to take typed or handwritten notes, record audio, and even use speech recognition.

Write and send email: Find out how to set up email accounts, view and reply to email, and adjust settings in Mail to match your needs. (For more in-depth information about email on the iPad, take advantage of one of our Take Control bundle deals to buy both this book and Joe's Take Control of Mail on the iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch—the bundles are listed to the left.)

Create documents in Pages, Numbers, and Keynote, and more: Joe gets you up and running with the apps in Apple's mobile iWork suite, and he explores a number of third-party alternatives that offer capabilities Apple overlooked. Joe also provides a special focus on cross-application communication among your iPad, "the cloud," and a desktop computer.

Print your documents: And not just on a printer - Joe describes how to “print” to a Dropbox folder, to PDF format and more, using Apple's built-in AirPrint feature and third-party apps.

And still more... Learn how to use instant messaging, browse the Web effectively (especially with apps that complement or replace Safari), and map locations, all in the context of maximizing productivity and getting your work done. A final section offers pointers to apps that allow you to perform even more tasks, including drawing and painting, working with multitrack audio, outlining and brainstorming, and using databases.