

Aerosmith
Classics Live!
(1986)

Known for an aggressively rhythmic style as rooted in James Brown funk as in traditional blues, Aerosmith were the top American hard-rock band of the mid-Seventies. After drug problems and internal dissension nearly destroyed the group, Aerosmith mounted a spectacular comeback in the 1980s. Despite a considerably more commercially slick and power-ballad oriented sound than they’d first emerged with, frequently drawing on outside songwriters, they managed to became even more popular the second time around.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock
Source:			Flac Conversion


Out of all Aerosmith's live albums released over the years (Live Bootleg, Classics Live! Vol. 2, etc.), 1986's Classics Live! is the least effective. The main reason it doesn't meet the high standards of their other in-concert releases is simple -- the band had little input in deciding the song selections and performances -- plus, it was released by their then-former label, Columbia, to cash in on the newly re-formed band's reunion tour. The majority of the tracks were taken from a show at the Orpheum Theater in February of 1984, while replacements Jimmy Crespo and Rick Dufay were still standing in for the departed Joe Perry and Brad Whitford, resulting in often lackluster performances. The song selection is also peculiar: instead of featuring songs previously unreleased as live versions, six of the eight selections were already included on the aforementioned Live Bootleg ("Dream On," "Train Kept a Rollin'," "Mama Kin," "Sweet Emotion," etc.). The underrated "Three Mile Smile" proves to be one of the album's few bright spots, while a studio outtake, "Major Barbra," from their 1973 self-titled debut album, is intriguing but hardly essential. Stick with the band's other live recordings. 


01.Train Kept A Rollin'
02.Kings And Queens
03.Sweet Emotion
04.Dream On
05.Mama Kin
06.Three Mile Smile/Reefer Headed Woman
07.Lord Of The Thighs
08.Major Barbra


Cheers!