I am hoping to get this post this time I have repeatedly. I am not sure if it is the size of the description but it only loaded once in the PORN area. Damn!
When I screw up. and some peoples setting will restrict access to it. I would like to get this up TPB if possible. This will be my last try. I am sorry. Please help me get this up or corrected if possible. I would prefer not to have this discussion in a Porn Forum.



The following is an absolute mess but this is all of the comments and posts copied into this text file.
I hope you enjoy this and keep it around for me in the neither regions forever if need be. I would be very grateful as many people can insure the life of this existing beyond just a srever were it could be preesured to remove.
If anything in here sounds just wierd for you, you would have to know my family.
Some conjecture and things concerning the exact nature of my fathers work in the sixties and beyond as <ilitary contractor with a very High security clearance. Some of those are included out of my desire to mention absolutely everything.
Tonight I am busy preparing a form to be mailed tomorrow to the IRS.
But tomorrow I will be using a thumb drive and I will construct a Flash presentation, a slideshow, that I will put together in a demo copy of Flash Designer.
It will contain most of the documents about AIL that I have acquired. I will save the Flash slideshow as an video of sometype to upload to ustream and youtube where I have accounts and here as a torrent available to make sure it is not removed from anywhere.
I would have liked to got on with my life. I live on a thousand a month and just get by. But I have my saxaphone, guitar and keyboard which I record and upload sometimes to my Blogs. I would like very much, if the persons responsible would do what they are supposed to do in this. I would like to get bck to my life and stop the nagging feeling in my stomach that they will be more interested in retaliation against me, than doing there job in protecting children. I have already seen that in a visit recently.
I have and have only been trying to get this resolve. I started in the proper channles.
And in the end as in Antigone, something are beyond what it is excepted. I have a responsibilty to Eddie, myslef and my nephews to bring this forward.
And I can not live in a world that would continue to protect these people for any reason.
I will someday be able to get back to my life after living fifity years in terror til just now with new and good doctors and therapist who have helped me tremendously now, and who believe everyhting in this I have said.
I want to get on with my life and I do not look forward to anyones retaliation in this. But I'd rather that than keep silent in this world in these things.

I did not like the original title of my first post which sounded too much like conspiracy nuts. 
This torrent will simply be titled after my first company to give it a taste to people in future that it deserves.




wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 12:50 CET:
I have never uploaded a torrent before. I am back in the days of Bulletin Board Systems, IRQ, News Feeds, then Mule and now torrents. But I have never uploaded anything.
I notice in uTorrent I am have no traffic and no connected peers even at times when TPB reports Downloaders. It has taken at time several hours to seed a 23 kb file.
But in my router Logs which I have been collecting for the last several days and am in the process of doing a WhoIsIP on, I have hundreds upon hundreds of connection attempts to my uTorrent port every few seconds....and yet no peers in uTorrent.
I am not DL or UL anything else.
And I wonder if it associated with my constantly being knocked off the net and receiving blue screen in win 7 and other lockups.
I am losing connection now every 10 minutes.
I have gone for days upon days on the net with no problems.
It is only when I attempt to seed.
After looking up the IPs in my logs I am considering posting the contents of those logs in my next post and the names associated with any organizations that own those IPs.
I understand from reading in Forums that Media watchdogs are now flooding torrent seeders through the trackers in retaliation.
These posts are not in anyway illegal and contain no copyright info


.
Is the flooding being done illegal?

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 13:22 CET:
I am losing connection every ten minutes from someone flooding through my upnp settings in my router.
In order to stay on the net I am having to disable upnp and thus shut don utorretn. I could open an indivual port, but that would not help.
This last attack not only knocked me off the net again, but it removed my usb wirlees from my hardware. It removed it.
The same thing happened last night. It took me two hours to get the operating system to recognize the usb device again.
I am using an new N usb Wirlees reciever with no problems unless I attempt to seed these posts.
And it is getting very frequent now as I posted these last posts.
Most of the information is up. Again the actual copies of the documents concerning thes posts are on a thumb drive with a friend.
I will repost these in the future if the seeders drop them.
Until then I hope the few people I have seen DL these will seed them for me now.
I have to close uTorrent and my upnp at this point. I can barely stay on the net otherwise.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 13:27 CET:
I will however work during the next few days to remove from my logs any organization names that are relevant that have been flooding my router and computer.
I will post these here. I have hundreds upon hundreds of IPs. If they are not proxies of some time or valid DL. If WhoISIP references any organization I will post those IPs here in the next few days.
Posting the contents of these Posts are not illegal.
I would assume flooding an individuals network via the internet simply because they are torrenting, I would think that would be illegal.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:11 CET:
My sisters husband's Company in which she is an executive is in Ochelata. They have branch offices in Beijing Paris and representatives in Cairo and Indonesia among other locations.
I have now decided that it is necessary to inform the IRS that my brother-in-law has been forging my sisters signature on legal documents, primarily his income tax statements for the last twenty years or so. He is already facing $190,000 in back taxes on their 7,000 sq ft home. He has been funneling most of his income through his parents as gifts to his family to avoid paying taxes. He lists little income from his company in which he serves as President.
I have previously reported this to the government and received the links to the IRS to mail the forms involved. I will do this this evening.
I am merely stating what I am now in the process of doing. I have avoided this in the past because I have felt that it would diminish what I was trying to accomplish.
I have been trying in this to avoid being construed as being vindictive in anyway. But I believe all of the details in this need to be released both to the IRS and here publicly to document.
Let me make clear. I am simply making public record of what I am now doing to document this.


wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:26 CET:
There is a man in OK who is currently serving 14 years in prison for his part in a penny stock scheme which was responsible for $50 million in stock fraud.
On that project my sister was the PR representative involved in the stocks in question. She was paid $30,000 to $60,000 a year for her part time work from her home office to represent him and the others convicted in this, which involved Ruby Beverages and other stocks.
The fraud involved the release of media information to escalate the price of the stocks and then dump the stocks.
I am unaware if she gave deposition or testimony on that case. I do not believe she did.
Which considering her involvement concerns me.
I cannot get people to listen to my reports of a fourteen year old boys death from severe sexual abuse in 1974 which involves 1) a state Advocate on the Board of a Major local Mental Health Organization and who also serves with a Health System that works with children currently and 2) a Juvenile Counselor for the Tulsa Police Department who as times worked unsupervised living in tents with kids on Ropes Courses.
The connection between my inability to get DHS to respond to these reports over 20 years to very many doctors, clinics, case managers, and hospitals concerns me when I see that my family also appears to be above the law for some reason in many other areas.
I think these issues need to be made available to the public because the government seems to be failing for some reason in investigating these things. And the media refuses to.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:26 CET:
??

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:52 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6237443/Wintersbutterfly_Inland_Analytical_Lab

Please read particularly the last few comments in all my posts but mostly IAL and Ochelata. The comments contain more info than the torrents now

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 23:09 CET:
I have linked this to Youtube. I am in the process of linking it on Craiglists forums internationally

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-13 08:44 CET:
I am in Bit Spirit Finaly starting to see the 2 most important posts on here being seeded consistently. I see on each of the two latest posts around seven seeders.
And I am relaxing now a little. I have put these here because they will not be acentral server to be removed by someone under presure.
On my Blog someone from a forum posted on my Inland Post how special Eddie was, and how special a friend I am to see that he is not forgotten. And others are safe.
In so many have turned away, so very very many individuals and organizations I once admired, respected, and believed...his words are an incredible comfort to me in this.



Inland Analytical Labaratories

USTC Hannover Washington Nuclear Forgery Fine Suspension
USTC Three Mile Island
IAL USTC SGS
IAL Red Fork S.D. Valve Acciedent Senate Death Law Suit Wife Investigation Jackson
IAL Red Fork Oklahoma Construction Co. Keystone Dam
IAL Red Fork General Clean Lab Takeover by Government National Security
IAL Tuscon General Kickbacks Senate Investigation Jackson
IAL Tom Russo 1964
IAL Scott Co of California Saturn Launch Facility Apllo One Forged x-rays Baron
AIL Scott Co. of California Fanwell
IAl Flour corp Shoemaker Lauer Monthan Stone
IAL Gasser New Orleans
IAL Paul Hardeman Corp Ok Red Fork Valve Accident Senate Investigation Jackson Law suit
IAL Inlab Wichita 316-AM5-****
IAL Martin Co Denver SK7-****
IAL Industrial Cryogenic Engr. 596-**** LA
IAL Martin Co TA5-**** Denver
IAL Miss Test Facility 688-****
IAL Nevada Testing Labs
IAL Perkins Cryogenics Div MA2-**** Linde Co Seattle
IAl Permavich Powers Ski
IAL Sorenson Boeing Co Saturn Program Huntsville 536-****
IAL Titmus Hughes 828-****
IAl Tuscon Sprague ext 8685
IAL Scott Co Oakland 415-834-****
IAL Vest Hughes 82?-****
IAL NASA Gemini Program WA8-****
IAL Powers Quinn Discussed Purchase of Aircraft Pipoer 1964
IAL Mtn Home Cary Hughes Aircraft Martin co IAL LA at noon called on Lockhead Air Service - Hardeman and Murphy
IAL talk with Martin co, about mobile services. Malin of Scott co.
IAl called on Colonbron AF procumment Titan II contract to be let out of each area and not by Martin co. opens door for direct negotions in each area - better for us.
IAl submitted prog to AF Leatherman to work our proposal into Col SApragu against Martin co bid
USTC Hanover Washington Government fine suspension SGS Tokyo MITI Hong Kong Bangcok Calcuta Manila fiji Sydney Chili Spain
Ochelata IRS Income Tax Signatures



		


Download this torrent (magnet link)
Comments

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 13:05 CET:
This should not be necessary.
I am a victim of Childhood sexual abuse.
I should never had to got to this point to get someone to respond, not just investigate, but respond to my repeated reports over twenty years that have gone unreported to the appropriate agencies. It is the law that such reports be passed on to appropriate agencies concerning these reports and they are not being reported by the various hospitals, clinics, doctors, and case managers I have reported this to for over twenty year.
The law does not state that organizations are only required to pass on the cases they believe are true. It states by LAW it is required to pass on ALL reports of Child Abuse to DHS.
DHS WILL NOT REPSOND in any form at all now.
They refused to investigate 2 years ago my 17 year old nephew having to force his father from the house with a baseball bat after her husband pushed her and broke both her wrists.
They did not investigate because two weeks after I spent an hour on the phone with them, and my Case Manager followed up, DHS said the di not investigate because they insufficient information.
This is not slander on my part, or harassment.
I am not trying to sue anyone.
I want NOTHING in this the protection of my nephews and other adults who as children were hurt by these people.
If they investigated and found nothing to support my claims that is one thing.
But they are not and haven't fro twenty years. And MHAT has not responded about their President Elects involvement in this when he was 19.
Only the Police came to my door and told me to stop.
This is not right.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 13:59 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6237530/Wintersbutterfly_Ochelata

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 14:23 CET:
am losing connection every ten minutes from someone flooding through my upnp settings in my router.
In order to stay on the net I am having to disable upnp and thus shut don utorretn. I could open an indivual port, but that would not help.
This last attack not only knocked me off the net again, but it removed my usb wirlees from my hardware. It removed it.
The same thing happened last night. It took me two hours to get the operating system to recognize the usb device again.
I am using an new N usb Wirlees reciever with no problems unless I attempt to seed these posts.
And it is getting very frequent now as I posted these last posts.
Most of the information is up. Again the actual copies of the documents concerning thes posts are on a thumb drive with a friend.
I will repost these in the future if the seeders drop them.
Until then I hope the few people I have seen DL these will seed them for me now.
I have to close uTorrent and my upnp at this point. I can barely stay on the net otherwise.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 14:28 CET:
If nothing else in this post at the moment since I was not to even do an itinitial seed of a 1.81 kb file I hope someone can copy the discription of this post and re UL it as torrent for me. with the tag Winterbutterfly.
If not I will try to reseed at some point soon.

I am no longer having problems on the net now that I have closed my upnp ports and stopped seeding.
I have now decided to provide the original documents in a rar file soon to verify what I am saying.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 14:33 CET:
??

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:38 CET:
My sister explained to me a few years ago that what happened the night we shut down IAL was that my father hide his company in USTC to avoid a million dollar fine. She told me directly that the company stopped existing to avoid the fine. It took me years to realize that IAL which in the '60s was valued at $2 Million had become a major component of USTC which when sold to SGS of Switzerland in the 1990's was valued at $160 Million

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:43 CET:
My father eventually became Sr VP of USTC and director of the Certification Division. He represented the company in Tokyo to MITI securing a government recognition of USTC as the only inspection agency to inspect products shipped into Japan. It was my fathers Certification program and recognition from MITI that encouraged SGS to pirchase USTC.
SGS now test 3% of all products in the world. USTC is now SGS North America.
Another reason for the purchase of USTC by SGS was the Hanover nuclear plant in Washington State.
But at shortly before SGS purchased USTC my father was aware that the US government was investigating forgeries involved at Hanover which resulted after the purchase of USTC in the fine against USTC and suspension of further USTC work in that field.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:45 CET:
A few years ago my father told me that along with attempting to work on the construction of the Black Fox nuclear plant in OK.
USTC did work across the US in the Nuclear Plant construction field.
Including the work on Three Mile Island.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:48 CET:
And again if you do not hear from me again on this for awhile it may be that people are more concerned about shutting me up than keeping these people from hurting children, and also in many other various forms, they seem to be above the law.
Is that because of Bud's involvement in Intelligence in WWI or my fathers.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:53 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6237530/Wintersbutterfly_Ochelata

Please pay close attention to the comments in the other post

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:55 CET:
I have said repeatedly this is in no way bullshit.
I have no commented enough information for anyone interested to verify for themselves the contents of these posts.
Again as victim of sexual abuse I should never had to been forced to go this point in my concern for my nephews.
This is inexcusable.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:57 CET:
**

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 15:58 CET:
?????

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 23:10 CET:
I have linked this on my youtube channel WintersbutterflyIAL. And will be linking this through Craigs list internationally in their forum


lease at least read the contents of these emails.
I am Borderline with PTSD and DID.
This is not a scam. This is not spam.
I was severally molested as a child at a very early age.
My father was a Military Contractor in the US in the sixties.
He was involved in all of the LOX certifacation on site for all of the MinuteMen I & II Nuclear Missiles.
He did testing, for Saturn, and something called Gemini (a percursor to Apollo) And was fined $1 Million for an employee falsefing 50 XRays on the Saturn Launch Facility where Apollo One blew up.
He hide his company into another company to avoid the fine.
And become Senior Vice President and cofounder of the other co. a large part of the largest Inspection agency in the world testing over 3% of all products in the world.
I walked in on my father while he was wiping his semen of a three year old boy.
I told him I'd call the police. He told me no one would do anything. No one ever has. I will never, never stop trying.
Please understand if my composition is faulty or confusing. I was severally hurt as a child.
I have scars in my testicles, and on the left side of my face where my older brother ripped my mouth open when I was seven.
And my closest friend Eddie committed suicide when we were fourteen.
No one will respond in the Us. No One.
Not the Media. Not the Obama Administration.
Not the Oklahoma Government.
If you read you will understand why.
I will never, never stop,ever.
My fathers closest friend was in military intelligence in WWII in Italy.
My fathers security clearance allowed him to have access through a project called CORN for the AirForce to have access to photographs of the missiles involved in the Cuban Missile crisis which he explained to me and my nephews years later were the result of the early spy satelites he was involved in calibrating...not photgraphs from planes.
My father was asked to spy on NASA by the CIA.
My father was asked to front a company for the CIA in Virginia which manufacture eavesdropind devices.
He is an extremely extremly bad person as are the people who are protecting him.
I still have one of his work journals from the 60's as well as a summary of many contracts in the missile work...including "nationwide vendor survelience" at white sand on the lunar excursion module.
The survelience cameras he used on that projct in the sixties...I have. It is a concord Video camera...a videocon black and white camera that he used to video me, my cousins and neighbors being molested. I have the camera.
In my parents house is a polaroid of me in my sisters dress.
Not only will no one look into this. They will not even respond. I have written all majors news media in the US.
The state AG and Governor. The local Police and child protective agencies.
And the only response from the obama admin was to send me back to the State LOiason Officer who is not responding.
 

- I am sorry for involving you in this. I thought I would explain to you as well why I am no longer involved with MHAT.
As I have stated in two email to Mark Davis and the director of MHAT: I grew up next to Steven Jacoby.His neighbor was Dr. Theo Williams, my Family Doctor. Their other neighbors were the Fields including his current friend the attorney Stewart Fields. Another neighbor was Patrick Williams an attorney and very close friend with Gov Hall and Mike Turpin. Mike meet Pat at Steak and Ale with my parents and began his career with Pats Law Firm. Pat was an extremely powerful attorney and Pat is responsible for changing the information concerning the suicide of Stevens brother Eddie to protect the adults in the neighborhood including Steven who was 19 at the time, Stevens parents, my father and brother, and the son of Theo Williams, Ted, who is now a juvenile counselor for the TPD.
I was raped on Eddies birthday in Stevens bedroom. I was coaxed at around thirteen while watching a neighbor through the neighbors open window in the Jacobys back yard. I was hurt so severally my anus and testiciles were ripped open and I still have Stevens fingernail tracks into my scrotum. Theo Williams took care of the injuries in his house that night. The Jacobys immediately moved. I think to Little Rock. A month later Eddie stole a car and returned to Tulsa,  and hid at what is now Eaton square.Brian, Pats son ran away. Pat went into detox at SF. And Marylin hid all of Pats gun at our house with my mother.
All I can remember of Eddies suicide is that Ted hurt Eddie severally during sex while in Teds room. I suffer from Borderline PTSD and DID and I see myself in Teds bedroom in third person on the floor vomiting on myself as Ted tried to snap Eddie's neck. I vomited all over myself. And Ted came in the vomit on my face.
What happened to Eddie I am an unsure. That wasn't the first time Ted hurt him. I believe Eddie committed suicide shortly afterward hanging himself from our willow tree. My brother brought me to his body and whispered in my ear the same thing he whispered in my ear when I was seven and my brother ripped my mouth open where the scar still exists underneath my beard..."that's what you get for telling."
I am telling you in explicit detail so you understand the scope of what is going on. YOU SHOULD KNOW. I am not asking you to do anything. I do not expect a response from you, Mark has never responded. NO ONE HAS.
These things are TRUE and more importantly verifiable.
I play the piano without remembering learning because my father would fondle me at the piano while teaching me to play Jesus Loves Me.
Ted coaxed me into his house by telling me he needed a twelve year old to do studies for for his work at TU as a student in psychology.
He told me afterward that I had a personality disorder and that I was retarded. He gave my fourteen year old brother a book on Sybil...and it was that look in my face that my brother and Ted would get off on. If even you can ignore this with no attempt to look into it...than this world truly is as evil as the world Ted and Steven and my family exposed to me.








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To Interpol


I am trying as I have for twenty years to get someone to acknowledge the following abuse...and subsequent suicide of a fourteen year old boy in 1974 by a man who is now a juvinile counselor with the Tulsa Police Department and has been protected by an attorney and his close friends Gov. Hall, AG Mike Turpine, and AG Drew Edmonson.
If you have a soul you will finally respond.
 
 

To childwelfare@childwelfare.gov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To: special@foxnews.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: feedback@current.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: 60m@cbsnews.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: news@tulsaworld.com
 
This is an attempt to inform the Governors office.
The state AG did not respond to my previous email concerning a pedophile working for the TPD.
but neither have you.
The state AG has however removed any access fro his website to email him...umm transparency, access, responsibility.
The governors email form is not capable of pasted hhtp links...or characters over a certain number.
That is what I can surmize from attempting over twenty times to submit the following message.
I have to surmize because it simply doesnt explain why the messag is continously rejected.
Are you all incompntent. Inept. Uncaring. Or just Corrupt.

This is just to put a few things together. 
My father is dieing. The last I saw anyone in my family was in December when my father went in SF.
I have found out what I was told was three craniel surgers for a Sub Dermal Hematoba is actually a cancerous brain tumor.
And the Kidney Stone in which I rushed him to SF and saved his life about 8 years ago...is and was a cancerous tumor in his kideny.
He suffers from a platlet count which was only 1,000 last novemebr. After a complete blood transfusion. Gammugobulons and some other treatment which had failed (Steroids) they have ben able to restore his level to 190,000. 300,000 is prefered.
He will die soon. I will never know when. I prefer it that way.
I was invited to Christmas by my sister. I emailed her before Christmas and cut of ties with my family.
My father is one of the coofounders of valued at $160 Million.
My brother is CEO.
My sister has a over 1 million dollar paid for mansion.A half a million dollar Condo in Paris. My Parents second home in Eureka Springs.
Branch Offices in Paris and Beijing. She was also the PR representative for on the project he was indicted for and is serving 14 years in prison on his part in a $50 Million penny stock scham. And her husband is now being investigated for Tax fraud and owes currently $200,000 to the IRS.
Her husband broke my sisters wrist two years ago - after my sister returned with her son after I had gotten her to move out for a year and a half. Her son had to force him from the house with a baseball bat. And again he soon returned to live with them. Thats when my memories came back - to protect my nephew. My other two nephews who are now in there twenties spent their teens at the Mayo Clinic off and on for years.
In November my brother in law hit my nephew this time who was only seventeen. Dan was forced to move from the house. I spent the evening with my nephew after my sister gave him her Ambian to sleep. He freeked out saying that the characters on tv came out of the TV and sat down beside him and talked to him. 
This is what Benzos and do to me...they cause my dissacotion to explode.

5 years previous after discussing the abuse I suffered and my fathers past I was forced to sign paperwotk on discharge stating that I was delusional....it was remanded two years later by the COS after a barrage of email by me to him and the BOD and to the Zarrows. 
I am a recipient of the Zarrow Award for lifetime accomplishment. I am close friends with  the President of the UW Chapter and former Tulsa Chapter VP as well as the then VP of Fund raising for whom at UW I designed and implemented their Fund Distrubution Spread Sheets organizing the agencies into Fund Distrubtution reports which they used for 8 years. I worked as a volunteer there for four years twenty hours a week.
I program in C++. I taught myself. I taught myself Machine Code in Hex. I became a level II programmer. I programed in the 90's Windows ASPI and IIS ASPI dll's to interface with Web pages I created for a state health systems intranet I designed and implemented. I reported to the CEO, CIO, and CFO of that organization.
I wrote prgrams at my fathers lab in the 80's in machine code to interface and control the lab equipement with computers. And calibrate Analog to Digital using quadratic equations I devoleped.
 I have an IQ over 150.
I am mentally Ill. To be specific. I am Borderline which is a condition caused by severe molestation in very very early childhood. I have DID which stands fro Dissacotiative Identity Disorder. And PTSD. But I am not. I am not Delusional. And the scars in my genitals. and the left side of my face from when I told at seven and my brother ripped my mouth open. ARE REAL.

My nephew is now seeing my sisters therapist and psychologist.
I cut off ties with my family when her husband returned in Novemebr back to the house again. And after again DHS would not respond to my fileing a complaint with them.


Someday someone somwhere will listen to this and I will still be around to hold those acountable who will not do there jobs.
I am on SSDI in public assisted income housing. I have no cable tv and no antenna. no phone. no interent. no car. I live off foodbanks. I have nice furniture and my music instruments. I play Jazz piano and guitar with no knowledge of having learned...except that I vaguely remembering my father who was a deacon in our church and a sunday school teacher for toddlers....my father would fondle me at the piano while teaching me to play Jesus Loves Me.
And there is NOTHING. NOTHING anyone can do to hurt me worse than what was done to me as a child...so I simply will NEVER SHUT UP!
And unless you are worse than those responsible for killing Eddie. Than somehow someone will recognize that you too turned away.

I have contacted Gov Henry, AG Drew Edomson...who is friends whith.
I have contacted YOUR AG. He did not respond.
I have contacted the US AG.
I have contacted the Obama WhiteHouse.
They have directed me to YOUR State Liason Officer who refuses to respond.
I have contacted the Tulsa Police Department repeatedly.
DHS repeatedly.
I have Contacted the Clinton Library and Al Gores publicist who my sister brother in law worked for...they did not respond.
I have contacted 60minutes, CNN, MSNBC, Current TV, FOX, Rush Limbaugh, The Tulsa World ( I talked directly on the phone with the editor who told me three years ago in an email...there was nothing she could do).
I contacted KTUL, KJRH, and Channel 2.
I have talked with Tulsa Law Board and an attorney.
I have contacted everyone.

My letter from Drew Edmonson states that I used the wrong form in my attempt to inform him of a pedophile in the Tulsa Police Dept.
My letter I received from Gov Henrys Office state that it is not the governors responsibility.
They did not respond to my second email.

And now I have contacted you...and I swear I will survive the last thrity years of my life to hold accountable those who continue to PROTECT these people.

If just once in twenty years someone would have said they would look into it would not be a problem.
8 years ago when I reported to my Case Manager that the (attorney who lived next door )grand daughter nude pictures that I found on their computer. Her grand daughter who at the time was thirteen. And I was doing Tech work for the them including destroying HIS account on their computer. My CM told me she was overwhelmingly concerned the TPD told her directly...an advocate reporting child abuse...that they would do nothing.

I was hurt worse by a neighbor named Ted who was in TU as a psychology student. He approached me when I was thirteen stating he needed to do psych test for school and he needed a twelve year old. I was outside the house. I barely new Ted. It scared me. I thought it was innapropriate. I thought I turned him dowd.

I still hear his voice frequently in the back of my head and mine as a child...saying this embarising. I don't have any underwear on....and his voice sayin that something like vaselin comes out.
He told me I had a personality disorder. And that I was retarded.
HE coaxed me into sex with Eddie and the other children in the neighborhhod. He took pictures which he developed in his parents garage, His father was Family Doctor.

Ted in a way perpetuated himself inside me in his fascination with DID...He gave my fourteen year old brother a book on Sybil....do you understand... Ted was out to hurt kids...not just at that moment...but forever inside them...in the future where he would be inside on the verge of pushing them to kill themselves...in hating God himself...as Ted so eloquently displayed to us how Evil and unpredictable God could be.
You can never never understand what we went through.
And I can never understand how ANYONE can turn away.
I was driven for years in what Ted and others were doing to get SOMEONE to listen to save Eddie and I couldn't and in that instant with my brother and Eddie's decomposing beaten body...was a realization that I just could not deal with...so I slipped away for thirty five years as they had wished...to protect themselves. I slipped away.
And now that I remember I am torn again to please get someone to listen...this time for my nephew.
You see I simply can not stop....until someone please does there job and keeps them from hurting another kid.
My pain in what happened to Eddie is just too deap to turn away. I do not understand how you can. Ever. Not for me. Not for the past. But for what is happening now. For what Ted and Steven and my family is capable of.
 

 
I have through Moores Funeral Home found an entry which corresponds to my friends suicide when I was fourteen.
Below is the email to them concerning the situtaion.
 
 
I hadn't heard back from you. I just re-read the date that the boy in your records died. And it would have been Eddie.
I was raped in Eddie's brother's, Stevens, bedoroom in Aug. of 74. I was hurt so severely that the the family immediately moved.
Eddie stole a car and returned to Tulsa and hung himself.  I thought it was in Novemeber.
One of the men who at the time was in his twenties now works for the TPD as a juvenile psychiatrist.
He has been protected for years by the man that would have been responsible for changing Eddie's information.
The attorney - had just gone into private practice and was a very close friend of David Hall who latter became OK first indicted Gov.
My parents arranged for their friend, Senator Jackson to attend Gov. Halls birthday party in 74.
My father was a very powerful Military contractor in the sixties. His company was responsible for all the work on the Titans, Minuteman, and Saturns.
He lost his company because of Apollo One and folded it into another company to avoid the fine by the government.
My sisters brother in law was an assistanat to AL Gore in the Clinton Admin.
I hadn't heard back from you and wasn't sure I would.
Nothing you could find would be very acqurate anyway. I will try Memoiral Cemetery to see if Eddie is there.
I am going to make arrangements for flowers placed on his grave every Sunday.
I have never been to another funeral or cemetary and will never visit his grave.
I want to remember him how he is now as a very special soul inside me.
A friend has offered to place a white and red rose on his grave for me.
This should never have happeened....a fourteen or fifteen year old boy should never be driven to ending his life.
I was brought to Eddie by my older brother who whispered in my ear as I slipped away into a darkness that lasted 35 years..."thats what you get for telling"
I have kept my word and sparred you from the worst of what I could have revealed.
But I thought it was important to reveal to you the reason behind why the information is not correct.
The fact that he died in October clarifies everything to me.
And nothing more is needed. In twenty years I have approached every agency and government representitive to bring attention to what happened. Nothing has ever been done to protect the children that Ted has lived with unsupporvised on Ropes Courses in the twenty some years I have tried to recall what happened.
Nothing has been done to protect my nephews from my family.
It is a testament to the hipocrisy in this world.
I have contacted Governor Henry and AG Drew Edmonson who are friends of - widow...I have gone above the state to the the new Administartion and the US AG.
Nothig has or ever will be done.
Nothing is lost in revealing this to you at this point in that I doubt you will find anything relevant.
I wanted to let you know. Thank you.
And thank you for the information you have given me. It is all that I need to reach out to Eddie.
 
 
Eddie's records indicate he was born in 1950 and died in 1964.
he his the brother of Steven- who is President of the - . And he works extensively as does Ted Williams...with children.
I have Steven's fingernail claw marks into my testicles and anus from when Steven at 19 raped me in his bedroom in Aug 20th, 1974 on Eddie's birthday.
Ted who was at the time a student in psychology at TU. Teds father Theo, my GP, took care of my injuries in his house that night.
The - moved ....that night...to Little Rock.
A month later Eddie at I think 15 stole a car and ran away back to Tulsa and hid in the woods at 61st and Memorial where Eaton square is now.
That month at some point Ted hurt Eddie so severely that Eddie committed suicide.
He hung himself from our Willow tree at the side of our house.
We removed all three williow trees.
Ted removed his willows as did -.
There is now a very expansive garden my mother has created where Eddie died.
My brother brought me to Eddie's decomposing, beaten body.
My brother who Ted - had given the book Sybil to..whispered in my ear as I went in to shock...thats what you get for telling.
In 97 I freaked out and lost my Job after I saw my father wiping semen of my three year old nephew. I walked in on him.
I told him I would call the police. 
My father told me to go ahead that no one would do anything.
No one ever has. I have reported this to EVERY agency including YOURS since twenty years ago at Menningers and predominantly - whose Board members are friends with my sister and with -.
I fired my last Therapist after she contacted - after she knew that I had closed my case there. I was told to specifically the night after my appointment by a hoteline number I had been given by staff at the Wite House in an email from them directing me to the State Liason Officer.



 
 
Kurt Vonnegut called it human decency... that in all the things in this world that fail us...there should still be human decency...thats what I am requesting...



At some point back then what was confusing me was an image in my head that existed of seeing myself in third person on Teds bedroom floor near his closet throwing up all over myself as Ted snapped Eddie's neck during climax. Ted then came on my face in the vomit all over me. I have been so confused with this feeling that Ted killed Eddie during sex...but I believe Eddie killed himself...and that what I remember happened frequently...that Ted would lure me into trusting him...in how embarising and terryfing everything was...to suddenly vomiting on myself...cause what Ted got off on was that look in my face when I'd slip away. That is why he gave my brother book on Sybil. That why he works with kids...not to molest them...or rape them...but to stick around in side of them as some kind of hateful violent replacement of God that I still fight with every day to keep myself alive...do you know what it is like to have the only thing left to fear...to being alone with yourself.
And that is why you have to absolutely find someone anyone who will listen to you and do something about these people...and if you don't than you and this world is worse than the evil Ted so eloquently displayed to us.

I could smell the vomit when I went into - ...no one else could. And what had forced me out of my bedroom to - in August two years ago was the sound of someones neck snapping.
These people are monsters they are protecting.
From the scars in my genitals to the the scar on the left side of my mouth where my brother ripped my mouth open at seven.
These are monsters and so are you if you continue to protect them.
From my Cousin - who at my brothers instruction when Ricky and I were 11....Ricky mounted me anally.
To - who my father used to video tape with an old Concord 1960's securtiy camera....and the dissacotion that it caused in me seeing myself at sevn on tv naked and embaressed....as I once said how confusing and embarising it was to not understand if the entire country could see me...only the brady's are supposed to be on TV. And the - still think - is retarded.
These things are VERIFIABLe in others.
To Doug - who died many years ago, to David and Janet and Stewart , Eddie and Angie, Brian and Ginny, and the -  who is now pscyhzophrenic.

I was hurt so much worse than I have exposed here. My sister would dress me in her old dresses when I was five...to my father voice which still haunts me...I'm a boy and your a girl.
They took polaroid land camera pictures.
One they still have of me standing in a dress...loking pissed.
My brother would rape me anally at nights. I would try so hard to stay awake....until I would drift of. I see myself in thrid person cowaring from him in the corner of our room. And my screams would fill the house to my mother uncaring ears. And it was when I'd drift off in fear from this world into a void that you could never never understand. It isn't some place soft and comfortable and protective. It is hell inside filled with unexplainable overwhelming fear...where there is simply nothing...nothing but terror.
Nothing is understandle. nothing exist. nothing is real or tangible. just the fear of a very very young boy who once had hid in a railroad yard til his aunt came to get him...cause his brother was going to kill him that night...and a sister who handed me back to them.
And if this world continues to hurt me...to ignore me...I will simply slip back where nothing can touch me..cause even in that terror...as overwhelming...is nothing to what I was ecsaping.

If I could tell you about fear....I could find the words to hold onto myself....they are days when the world turns dark and rancide..when my memories burn like razors...and I am neither here nor there....when the past and future began their endless monologues.



		


Download this torrent (magnet link)
Comments

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-22 11:21 CET:
wintersbutterfly wordpress

sarsapil at 2011-02-22 15:22 CET:

Look, mate, since there is nothing you can do, just put on one of your sisters' dresses, lie back, enjoy what you can and think of America... Oh, those two guys in white have just come for your medication and to take you back to Bedlam... to be molested AGAIN, of course... What a life !

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-22 15:42 CET:
You have nothing better to do?
If your are intimidating that I am crazy.
You are only showing that you are...worse that you are sick.
These things and the people involved are true...but I hesitate to waste my time with some one flaming whose entire intent in posting is to be an asshole.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-22 16:02 CET:
I have realized with the few downloaders that are trying to dl this. It basically just a textfile of the contents posted above. I am seeding at such a slow speed I wanted to let you know. I have been around file sharing since the bulletin board days...I'm that old. I am least trying to do something to stop these people from hurting another kid. If you cannot recognize that...please don't post.

jOEcOOL0_2 at 2011-02-22 18:52 CET:
Sad Story. My heart goes out to anyone who is a genuine victim of abuse.

I am aware though that false allegations are now widespread and many innocent peoples lives are destroyed by them.

Would a normal police investigation not uncover the truth here. In cases of allegations of historical abuse, where there is rarely physical evidence, if there are a number of victims then they should be able to corroborate each others testimony.
Was there ever such an investigation?

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-22 21:46 CET:
No there has never been an investigation. That is my point. That is why I am here. I have contacted Dept. of Human Services repeatedly, the Tulsa Police Department, and from a refrence from the White House - the Oklahoma State Liason Officer. No one will or has ever responded. And yes these things are verifiable, through other involved. Cousins, nephews, and neighbors. If there had just once been anyone that responded. I contacted Drew Edmonson who at the time was OK AG. His response again was that I had merely used the wrong form (the only one available on the internet). I can not stress enough. I am certain it is because of the eople involved. There is simple no excuse whatsoever in not recieving any concern from agency responsible for the safety of children. Even if what I was saying is strange and hard to believe (and it is) when it involves children you simply do not take that risk. My sisters brother in law was an assistant to AL Gore in the Clinton Administartion and is back in DC under the new Administration. In Tulsa we are facing a barrage of alegation concerning Tulsa Police framing numerous individuals on drug charges...because the officers were involved in drug dealing themselves. There are people being rleased from charges that have over a decade already...wrongfuly. Oklhoma is corrupt Pat's friend David Hall was Oklahoma;s only indicted Governor. I worked for a time on the Obama campaign in Tulsa. I liked him tremendously. I used to believe in his values and what this country stood for. Now I am only confused. I am opening myself up here for retribution. And I am aware of this. I simply have no choice sometimes. I am not the monsters they are.
Thank for your comments. I hope you return to read this. I would never take the chance in indicting someone falsely. I have scars. I my fathers documents on his work history. I know who he hurt and much more...and it is simply that no one..no one...will respond.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-22 22:07 CET:
And again...more important than ANYTHING. Ted has and STILL works with children. I walked in on my father over twelve years ago as he was molesting my nephew. If the agency that I attend for medical serves would have respond to my CONTINUED reports my nephews would not have been molested. Period. That infuriates me. I know what I have gone through as does my father and despite that he hurt his own grandchildren, knowing the Hell that he put me through. If this were historically retribution I would say hey lets kickback and wait for my Cymbalta and get over this. That isn't the case. I was driven at the time to save Eddie. I couldn't, that feeling drives me to this day for others. I just found Eddie's funeral records that had been altered...two boys with the same names do not die in what was a small town at the same ages excactly ten years apart. The records show Eddie was born in Aug 20th, 1950 and died in Oct 10th, 1964. I know those dates. I was born in 61. Eddie in 60. We were celebrating his birthday in Aug 20th in his brothers room when I was raped. He commited suicide a month later I thought it was nov. 11th in 74. Two children with the same name age and dates of birth and death do not die ten years apart...and I don't believ it was a typo on both dates and simply at this point can not get any more information.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-22 23:14 CET:
As an update. I have just recieved an email from one of the government agancies I contacted that they are looking into this. That is ALL I have ever asked. I have kept relatively quiet for all this time thinking there most be somethig, some reason why no one is even so much respnding. And I just could no longer take that chance. All I have ever asked is for someone to investigate to look into the records of those who have been in Ted's care who are now adults and see if there is any reason for concern. That is all I have EVER asked. EVER. Is a response. You simply do not risk this being true. It never had to become public. It never had to get to this point. EVER.
Thank you TPB. I wasn't sure they'd leave this up. I will always leave this here as long as they do and will continue to seed, but again the contents are pretty much what can be copied from the txt. But I hope it stays in seeds.
I once said that I saw God in Eddie's eyes.
And when my brother brought me to his body...it was too much.
It was like seeing God himself give into the vileness of this world.
Eddie is a very special person. He has existed in me as a very special soul keeping me alive for years. I talk to him through the paino and guitar.
You should know this about him. It tears at me what he went through in those final moments.
Evryone should know he is very special.
And you should know I am aquatinces with the people I have contacted concerning Eddies brother Steven at MHAT I have worked with them as a volunteer on projects for years....some on the BOD, others who are high level program directors. They know me. THEY ARE NOT RESPONDING.

jOEcOOL0_2 at 2011-02-24 01:24 CET:
Hi Again

good to hear back from ya. Wandered if you have taken professional legal advice on this? if so what was it, and if not why not?

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-24 18:31 CET:
I am having GREAT difficulty getting TPB to respond to my attempts to comment on this POST for some reason. PLEASE check out my blog on worpress ..wintersbuttrfly where the contents of my last attempt to comment which is extremly important to me...I wish I could get it up here.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-02-24 18:55 CET:
wintersbutterfly wordpress com

Again, they apparently are not letting me comment with the extent of my text.
PLEASE PLEASE read the first entry on my Blog.
This is being looked into now by people I trust.
Out respect for my nephews and those involved if possible I would like this Torrent to stop being seeded so that it dies. If you want the contents of the Post it is mostly just what can be copied in the comments.
I am greatly and mostly concerned for the privacy of my nephews and others who have been hurt. Thx.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-06 00:11 CET:
I have been told that I am no longer allowed to contact any one further about the abuse I suffered.

I was told to drop it...or else, by someone that visited my apartment a few days ago.

There is no investigation. There never will be one. The people responsible for investigating this, once again are refusing to respond.

Please understand in my failure to express myself well: when my 10 year old brother ripped my mouth open when I was 7 the result of the injuries also cracked my skull on the left side of my head.

It is simply difficult to express myself.

I wanted to explain. I was told there was an investigation. There wasn't. That evening instead in a visit at my front door...I was told to drop it.

And the persons responsible to investigate this stopped responding.

wintersbutterfly blogspot com

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-06 00:56 CET:
And Please let me make clear in case I do not have the opportunity later.

I approached the OKlahoma State Liason Officer for DHS in email over 3 months after forwarded her email from WhitHouse staff through chidwelfare.gov.


I sent 4 emails to her. I never received a follow up until the day after I posted this torrent, 3 months later.

I contacted a friend on MHAT who assured me that there was a meeting the following day.

That evenings two officers came to my apartment and told me directly who I was allowed to email and who I wasn't. Limiting my emails to the SLO.

Who during the last week again does not respond. As MHAT also refuses to respond.


None of my emails can be interpreted as threatening or harassing anyone. I simply have been requesting an investigation for over twenty years.

These things are verifiable through neighbors and my cousins.

I have never once received an email from anyone asking me to stop emailing them. Ever.

I am not harassing anyone. I am not a threat to myself or anyone.

If the individuals involved in this want to file a liable suit against me or the sites hosting this information or my Blog, I will much more than welcome the opportunity to have them and my cousins and neighbors testify in court.

And that IS the proper channels for this.

It amazes me that in twenty years of ignoring this that the state cannot respond. But they can respond in one evening by informing me who I am allowed to email.

That IS NOT the proper channels.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-07 04:46 CET:
Joe...I never got back to your comment.
I have recently attempted in an email to Tulsa University Law Schools attorney advocacy program to get an attorney on this issue.
I also contacted the head of Tulsa Bar Assoc Pres directly with the information I have provided here. The Bar Assoc. helps organize attorneys for people in Tulsa.
No one responds at all.
I contacted NAMI National and Local.
I recontacted Childwelfare.gov.
MHAT.
DHS.
The OK SLO.
And a couple of people on the board of MHAT with still no response after several weeks.
I have not wanted in the past to pursue this personally through an attorney.
I have only tried for twenty years to get DHS to respond.
I have reported these things directly and indirectly through Case Managers and doctors for twenty years.
If at any time I had received a single response in twenty years that my concerns would be investigated I would never have posted here.
Wether you believe I am right or wrong in this information, it can be verified through other people who were abused.
And it at least deserves that investigation.
That IS ALL I have asked for.
I am not trying to embarrass anyone. Simply no one responded until after I posted this.





wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 01:33 CET:
My network is being flooded by requests to my utorrent port.
There is only 1 peer and 3 seeders and yet I am overwhelmed on my network by hundreds of cotact requests per minute. I have bever seeded before and am not aware if this is normal. I have read forums recently that people and organizarion who are unhappy with torrenting have found a awy to use the tracjers to flood seeders using the torrent system itsel. If I am not mistaken this is what I am seeing along with frequent BlueScreens and lose of connectivity in Win 7.
As a result I will stop seeding now.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 01:36 CET:
I hope that this is continued and becoes more public as that is the only solution I see. I have verified information about my father through West Law while working at a University as a Computer Lab Manager.
These things concerned the law student that I was working with at the time.
They are true and in the names and details provided to ALL of the above emails listed they ARE easily verifiable.
These are not delusions. Than can be proven through testimony of many of my fifty cousins, mey nephews, and the dozen children hurt in my neighborhood.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 01:44 CET:
I have recenlt provided every detail available but a few unrelated facts concerning my fathjer and his work and friends. I have provided this information in my last attempt to the ACLU local and national.
And currently they have not responded.
They also did not respond five years ago when I contacted them.
This is not what this country is supposed to stand for.
This country is not supposed to protect pedophiles because of their money, their position, their friends, or their secrets.
And yet, the opposite is too often true.
I cannot understand why anyone would fault me in trying to insist that thgese things become public.
To insist that do something not formyself or Eddie, but the kids now these people have access to.
I walked in on my father while he was abusing my 3 year old nephew 15 years ago. During the time I was trying to get someone to respond.
I cannot understand the lack of response.
I have never even been told by one person involved in this that this was being looked or had been looked itno. Or that I was crazy. The state liason officer for oklahoma made none of those statements. She did not ask me not to contat her again. She simply refuses to respond.
And as Iassume it my legal right I can discuss these publicly. And the facts and my email responses verify what I am sayin. Everything is documented. Most of my fathers contracts on CORN, White Sands, Scott Co. Are all documented as is Argent.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 01:47 CET:
And in this I am closing these things. For now at least. I would have liked to have had closure in these things for myself. In that I wanted so very much to believe that this world was not worse than the monsters that rapped us as children.
And in that final realization is so much pain.
In these last comments I am encouraging anyone to make these as public as they can.
So that these words will stay and hold those accountable in History.
I may very well get another visit someday.
But these things are now documented on here and on my Blogspot for history.
I sincerely hope someone continues to maintain this post for me.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 02:09 CET:
And finally I want to be extremely clear.
I contacted the organizitions I contacted out of concern not in an attempt to Bully, liable, or embarrass anyone ever in anyway.
My intent was not to harrass or threaten anyone. EVER.

If these are delusional, being delusional is not a crime.
I have never been a threat to myself or anyone.
My intent has always been to resolve the refusal of the organiztion ignoring these reports.
I went first through Casa Managers and Doctors. Then TPD and DHS. Then the Local News. Then the State AG. Then the Gov. Then the US AG. Then the WhiteHouse staff.
No one but Drew Edmonson responded in a refusal to investifate as did Gov. Henry.
I have Drew Edmonsons letter.
It is my right to email any government organization wether it is the Whitehouse or the state AG. It is my legal right. And those organizations never responded in asking me to stop contacting them. EVER.
And then I posted this and the SLO and MHAT responded. And then the local Police.
I have and would never harm or threaten anyone ever. It isn't in me. If you saw the things I have seen you would understand.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 02:10 CET:
Bruce Edward Jacoby is not my neighbor Eddie Jacoby who did die in 1974. He is a relation of Eddie's from BA. I forwarded the info I recieved to the LSO. Eddie did die in 1974. There are no documents available on the internet concerning him or his sister, only Steven.
I have Eddie's 74 year book picture directly from the Junior High School.
And in looking things up Eddie had another relative with the same first family name who died at the age of 27 and lived around the corner about a mile away from us.
If the LSO, the ACLU, and the Obama Administration refuses to address this than there is simple nothing I can do but document into public record.
People should be aware of what happened and what is going on.
And please I am not crazy, my doctors and therapist believ me. That is not my diagnosis my diagnosis stems from severe sexual abuse as a child. My diagnosis contains nothing in regard to Delusinal thinking in anyway.
Thank you. Goodbye.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 05:48 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6229344

Please if you have visit this torrent, it is my piano music. I have no knowledge of ever playing or learning just my father fondling when I was seven and he would teach me Jesus Loves Me.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-09 09:09 CET:
The link above is useles. Something is blocking me from uploading any of these seeds and has been for days now. I am currently dl another torrent on TPB, as a matter of fact three of them with no problems at all. UL or DL. And yet these torrents will not seed. It has taken in the past 3 hours to seedon simple 23 kb file. My Router is being flooded through my upnp. I am recieving constant blue screens and I was jsut nocked off the net for two hours when my operating system refused to recognize my usb wireless. The other post referenced above has accepted 6 comments where I attempted to redirect anyone to my skydrive where the files are. 3 of the posts on my browser...the ones with the address are not being posted. Even after clearing my web cache and cookies.....so here it is here. maybe?
 
http://cid-a3969eb374aff071.office.live.com/browse.aspx/.Documents?sa=394321913

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-10 10:42 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6232324/wintersbutterfly__Of_Gorbachev_and_Peter_Max

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-10 10:44 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6196691/Pedopiles_in_CIA_Comments

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 03:08 CET:
Anyone want the Genie out of the bottle. It is your choice.

I may simply at some point have to decide that everything needs to become public in documentation to get across that these are not simply rantings. If that's why I am getting NO response I am on the verge of resolving that. It is your choice.

I will soon release all documents I have concerning my fathers company and my sisters involvement in Argent.

My sister's brother-in-laws work with Al Gore and the Clintons. Everything.


I will not ever release the full names of victims in this whatsoever.

But if the reason no one is responding is that these are in way unbelievable I am soon going to make very clear the certainty and realty of what I have said about my father and my families involvement with the government and why they are being protected.
And at that point the Geni is not going back.
For either of us. I am starting to have no other option in this.
This is not in anyway a threat to anyone in anyway. I am simply saying I have tried to with hold certain documents and information but I now feel it is necessary to prove that what I am saying is true.
And whatever result may be in it for me, I have already been hurt and hurt more than anyone can ever hurt me again ever, in anyway, ever.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 03:30 CET:
IAL


I have finished preparing a rar document to be tormented her where it will exist in the either between in this sub network on the trackers and can never be removed in anyway ever.
It contains all of the documents concerning my family that I have made copies of for years upon years now. All of the documents that I have that are apparently necessary to get people who are responsible for protecting children, to understand that this is not made up crap in some lunatics mind.
Borderline by definition is an illness created by severe sexual abuse in early childhood. It does not include mania or delusions. It is a mood disorder similar to Bipolar that can be treated with similar medication. It is similar to Bipolar only in the extent of its symptoms in that it affects mood. It is however caused primarily by the result of early childhood sexual abuse, and is treated mostly by therapy. And Dissociative Identity Disorder, both Compartmentalization and blocking of emotions and detachment are directly associated with PTSD and abuse.
There is no other explanation for the scars I have. None.
And the documents concerning my family in detail will prove the facts I have presented for twenty years, at first in private, and now in public.
If you are wondering what prompted this it is simply one more organizations refusal to even respond. If they want all of the facts to prove this than I am going to release them.
I have the rar file on a thumb drive with a friend who has been asked to upload it here in the future.

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 14:00 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6237530/Wintersbutterfly_Ochelata

wintersbutterfly at 2011-03-12 14:01 CET: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6237443/Wintersbutterfly_Inland_Analytical_Lab


Pasted in the Content here is a picture of David Halls invitation to his birthday party in 1974. I have an original to his inauguration in the 

apartment somehwere to Shephards Mall in I think 71...Anyway on the second page of my Blog is the Party invitaion also.
In this is Senator Jackson a friend of my fathers from my fathers work in LOX certification of the Titans I & II. And investigation into a silo 

accident at Red Fork south Dakota. And his involment in reporting a General involved in kick backs in Tucson Arizona.
Also is Glen Campbell who I met in 73 with my father at the Dean Martin Golf Tournament in Tucson.



If this stuff true...as crazy as it sounds...why would you doubt me when I tell you Steven Jacoby who was my neighbor. Stevens parents were in a 

sex club as my brother described it involving the kids in th neighborhood. I lived in a upscale neighborhood. The Jacoby\\\'s had littl if no 

furniture in their house. They frequented an adult Theatre in Tulsa on Sheridan called Old Time Twin Theatre. Stevens mother suffered from 

childhood amnesia. They hosted a 4H club...a 4H Club...in a city...drawing the neighborhood kids to their home where we sat on boxes because of 

the lack of furniture.
They had a cabin where the neighbors allowed their kids to go. ALL of the kids aged 13-15 slept on a couch bed together, boys and girls.
Stevens bedroom had a string of christmas lights across the ceiling in red green and blue they were tied correspondingly to the stero bass treble 

and midrange..we listend to IN aGodda Dovida and someone gave me at 13 a vodka screwdriver. The only thing I can remeber from that room...is 

being raped brutally and that that is the source of three fingernails into my left thigh into my scrotum and a thumbnail into my right...they are 

Stevens.
And hiding with Eddie at the side of the fields white brick house.
My fatehr used travel extensively with his company predominently through Tulsa to Picuene Miss. where we lived in 64 working on the Saturn Test 

Facility outside New Orleans.
He was in Tulsa frequently before we moved here write after Apolo One in Dec, Martin Luther Kings Assination in April, Bobby Kenedys in June 3rd, 
and then Grant Park in Aug of 68 I think which was also the year my brother forced me at seven to suck on a metal protruding from our basement 

wall. He forced with Gus our neighbor watching cause I had told my mom I had seen my father hurting a toddler. I saw him through a window. We had 

been told not to look in... So Scott and I looked being boys...and my father was raping the toddler. I told my mother.
My brother forced for doing that to suck on the hook while standing on th back of a couch. He then pulled the sleeper porch of the couch out 

droping the back were I was standing ripping my mouth open and cracking my head open on the concrete floor...where I am now a portion of heir in 

the center to the left of my head where there are three scars. I cried to my brother in the blood in my mouth....why is there in my mouth..and he 

whispered back...thats what you get for tellling....the same thing he whispered to me when he brought me to Eddies beaten body.
In the hospital two years ago I was overwhelmed at nights with the images of Eddies dead body as I\\\'d try to fall off to sleap...the would be 

forced to restrain me twelve times a night for two weeks from trashing my head against the wall. I told my sister I was seeing Eddies face and I 

was also seeing it in other people faces and it was so disturning that I was afraid I would strike out. She told the doctors that in my journal 

at the hospital I had disclosed to her I was seeing peole faces melting and was wanting to hurt people...my sister is evil beyond anything you 

can imagine...it was in her dresses she would dress me for my father...it was her that returned to them as I hid in a railraod at midnight 

waiting for my aunt to find me...my brother was going to kill me that night when I was twelve.
My sister said I saw faces melting...she did not in anyway want to explain why I would be seeing a dead boys beaten face.






The dates of Halls invitation is Oct 20, 1973.

which is when Nixon had Cox fired which corresponds to my mother\\\'s story and verifes dates in history and people.
My mother told me that On the Saturday night Massacre the night Nixon had Bork fire Cox...Jackson called my father from St Louis saying that he 

was having to return to DC to impeach Nixon.



It can be verified that Pat Williams who changed Eddies Death Certificate went to HS and worked as lead prosectur with David Hall who become 

governor in 1971 I think.
These dates...the people all of this is confirmable.
I lived next door to Steven Jacoby. His brother commited suicide. I have Eddie\\\'s 1974 yearbook picture that I got at the JHS he attended. His 

1974 picture and yet the certificate states that he died in 1964 on October 10th. Unless another boy in what was a very small town...died at the 

age of fourteen on the same date and had the same birthdate ten years off and the same name.
I do not think Pats kids are going to confirm what I am saying. My family wont. Stevens friend Stewart Fields wont. But please....how can I be 

right about so much...and wrong or delusional about so much. 
There is much more on my blog that I will not go into here. My Blog is disjointed and combersome...It was meant to be used by me to get to this 

point of putting the pieces together. But there are things there worth fighting through all of my philisophical crap that is very much worth 

considering.
No one from the media has replied at all, as they have refused to for years.
And no one from MHAT where Steven still works in conjunction with an organization which is involved with kids. I once thought much more of those 

who I did volunteer work with. I do not understand why they would protect him. Match the addresss...the dates...and the people...why would I make 

up the rest.
I have NO beneift from this. None.
And the names of myself and my fathers comapanies and details of those molested in my extended family and those in my neighborhood have been 

available to all the officials I have contacted.
It is time...some one does something and I simply will not be satisfied if nothing is done.		


Download this torrent (magnet link)
Comments
