Beyond The Sun is a new album by Chris Isaak, released through Vanguard Records on October 18, 2011. 
It is a collection of songs originally released on Sun Records and recorded by Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins and Jerry Lee Lewis. The record itself was recorded at Sun Studio, Memphis, Tennessee.

Chris Isaak's longstanding desire to musically salute his inspirations was fast-tracked when he read a 2000 interview with the great Sun Records producer Sam Phillips that appeared in the Oxford American. Near the end of the Q&A, Phillips was asked if any contemporary recording artists grabbed his attention. His response blew Chris away. "I don't keep up with the business like I used to," said Phillips, "but I love to listen to Chris Isaak. He's very talented, and his music is so damned honest. It's incredible." That pretty much sealed the deal for this Sun worshiper. The accurately titled Beyond the Sun, Chris Isaak's Vanguard Records debut is a self-described labor of love. Since he fell in love with his parents' 45s as a child in Stockton, California, this passionate writer/artist has been obsessed with the glory days of Memphis' Sun Studio and the visionary artists who got their starts there--including Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins and Jerry Lee Lewis--all of them discovered and nurtured by Sam Phillips. Now, at long last, Isaak magically recaptures the transformative brilliance of the classic sides cut by these greats at Sun with Phillips during the mid-'50s, while also getting down to the nitty-gritty of his own deeply rooted musical identity.


Tracks:

CD1:
01. Ring Of Fire
02. Trying To Get To You
03. I Forgot To Remember To Forget
04. Great Balls Of Fire
05. Cant Help Falling In Love
06. Dixie Fried
07. Hows The World Treating You
08. Its Now Or Never
09. Miss Pearl
10. Live It Up
11. I Walk The Line
12. So Long Im Gone
13. She's Not You
14. My Happiness

CD2:
01. My Baby Left Me
02. Oh, Pretty Woman
03. Doin' The Best I Can
04. Your True Love
05. Crazy Arms
06. Lovely Loretta
07. Everybodys In The Mood
08. Im Gonna Sit Right Down And Cry
09. Love Me
10. Doncha' Think Its Time
11. That Lucky Old Sun

