These movies were compiled by total sci-fi online, I agree with this list for the most part. And if you must experience these movies do so in the theater or buy them. They Are a Must have in any movie collection. And if the RIAA or any organization or UNION wants a piece tough, I got nothin.

Language info. English for the most part. or shall I say Native languages for the most part. there are a few russian films and one french one,and a few japanese but Sub titles are included if not embeded.

26) Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978)
If the 1950s version of Jack Finney’s novel was a neat distillation of 1950s Commie paranoia (see No. 56), the 1970s remake was fuelled by post-Watergate paranoia. The result is entirely gripping and arguably better than the original.

27) A Clockwork Orange (1971)
Anthony Burgess’s novel may have seemed unfilmmable, but then Kubrick was always the kind of director who could pull off the impossible. Kubrick retains Burgess’s satirical bite in a chilling and darkly funny vision of the future, while a superb Malcolm McDowell makes the Droog leader, Alex, simultaneously repellent and likeable.

28) The Fifth Element (1997)
Luc Besson eschewed the traditionally dark predictions of the far future in favour of eyepoppingly colourful cityscapes and elaborate Gaultier-designed costumes. Forget the plot, and soak up the visuals and excess.

29) La Jetée (1962)
This 28-minute masterwork from documentary filmmaker Chris Marker tells of a man sent back through time to avert the apocalypse. A bold, disorientating and unforgettable experience, the film is told entirely through a series of still photos, and was remade by Terry Gilliam as Twelve Monkeys (see No. 83).

30) Sleeper (1973)
“We're here to see the nose. I hear it was running…” The best of Woody Allen’s ‘early funny ones’, Sleeper takes a classic SF concept (Allen’s typically neurotic Miles Monroe wakes up 200 years in an authoritarian future) and delivers slapstick and gags with machine-gun accuracy. Who hasn’t wished that the Orgasmatron booth was real?

31) The Fly (1986)
David Cronenberg’s best film is a deliriously gory remake of the hokey 50s movie about a scientist (a superb Jeff Goldblum) whose genes get mangled with the DNA of a fly. Cue crumbling body parts and a bone-breaking arm wrestle.

32) Terminator 2: Judgement Day (1991)
Proving that science fiction can present thoughtful, bold concepts alongside explosions, robots comprised of liquid and a wisecracking kid, T2 is James Cameron at his excessive best. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays to his strengths as the muscle-bound machine, while Linda Hamilton toughens up as Axl Rose lookalike Sarah Connor.

33) Westworld (1973)
Before The Terminator and Jurassic Park there was Westworld! Michael Crichton’s film moves smoothly from playful fun to nailbiting thriller as Yul Brynner’s robotic gunslinger stalks theme park customers.

34) Mad Max 2 (aka The Road Warrior) (1981)
If the original was raw, energetic and brutal, the sequel took things to a whole new level as Max helps a community defend itself from crazed punks. Highlight: the boomerang sequence.

35) Return of the Jedi (1983)
OK, so the Ewoks and abrupt death of Boba Fett continue to divide opinion, but ROTJ contains more memorable sequences than most movies could dream of: Luke’s battle against the Rancor monster; the Sarlacc’s pit; the speeder bike chase and a fitting conclusion.

36) Back to the Future (1985)
The much-loved sci-fi comedy sees Michael J Fox at his baffled-looking best, and he bounces perfectly off Christopher Lloyd’s wild-haired Doc Brown. Plus there’s the iconic De Lorean, charming supporting playing (Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson, Thomas F Wilson) and crowdpleasing scenes like Marty inventing rock n roll. Followed by two enjoyable sequels.

37) WALL-E (2008)
Arguably Pixar’s finest achievement to date, the first half of WALL-E contains a surprisingly haunting vision of the future – one of atomic storms, trash towers and rubble-strewn cities. Of course, it’s not all doom and gloom, and the film features loveable characters, a touching love story and a hilarious depiction of a porcine human race.

38) The Fantastic Planet (1973)
Cult French director René Laloux was responsible for a handful of surreal animated masterpieces, including Gandahar and The Time Masters, but his most celebrated work remains this weird and wonderful depiction of an alien world in which humans are kept as domestic pets.

39) The Man Who Fell to Earth (1976)
What’s it about? Who knows! David Bowie takes time out from being weird on stage to be odd on film in this surreal Nic Roeg movie. Look out for a cameo appearance by Apollo 13’s Jim Lovell looking just as bemused as the audience. We were hoping to avoid calling it a space oddity, but annoyingly that’s exactly what it is.

40) Things to Come (1936)
A big budget treatment of HG Wells's future history of Everytown, from 1940 to 2036, Things to Come has barely dated. The effects, from the air raid sequences to the vision of a future society, are still awe-inspiring, but the political and prescient script keeps things grounded in reality.

41) 20 Million Miles to Earth (1957)
A reptilian monster from Venus, dubbed the ‘Ymir’, goes on the rampage in one of the best creature features. The film contains some of Ray Harryhausen’s best stop-motion work, and even its faults (stilted acting, nonsense science, comedy Italian accents) have become endearing over time.

42) The Abyss (1989)
James Cameron again pushed the boundaries of CGI with the still-impressive water-alien sequence, but away from the effects, the movie is an ambitious and brilliantly claustrophobic drama about the crew of an undersea oil rig. The Special Edition improved upon the fumbled ending.

43) Quatermass 2 (1957)
Based on the TV serial of the same name, the second Quatermass movie is a full-on conspiracy thriller, as aliens infiltrate the government. A classic invasion tale, it’s an exciting adventure, briskly paced even by today’s breakneck standards.

44) This Island Earth (1955)
Admittedly, ‘Exeter’ isn’t the most exotic name for an alien. But we’ll overlook that as This Island Earth is such damn good fun. This slice of pulp fiction contains some of the best effects of the period, along with groundbreaking use of Technicolor and an awesome crab-handed mutant.

45) Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004)


From the incomparable mind of Charlie Kaufman came this SF twist on the romantic comedy. A restrained Jim Carrey and a kooky Kate Winslet are the ex-lovers who have their minds wiped to forget about each other – but then fall in love all over again. Despite the outlandish conceit, this is a strangely honest movie about love and heartbreak.

46) Delicatessen (1991)
A post-apocalyptic cannibal comedy about a former circus clown… Describing Delicatessen doesn’t do it justice. Directing duo Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet take a potentially bleak subject matter and construct a rapid-paced romantic comedy with old school slapstick, truly odd characters and visuals to die for.

47) Dark Star (1974)
Before Alien Dan O’Bannon scripted a very different story of a space crew in the low budget debut from director John Carpenter. The crew aboard Dark Star spend most of their time trying to stave off boredom, before having to deal with a sentient bomb.

48) The Andromeda Strain (1971)
Films don’t get more nailbiting than Robert Wise’s thriller about a group of scientists investigating a deadly alien organism. A faithful adaptation of Michael Crichton’s novel, which was also remade as a plodding miniseries in 2008.

49) The Omega Man (1971)
The best of the three official adaptations of Richard Matheson’s novel I Am Legend so far, this version sees Chuck Heston as the last man left in a city of mutants. It lacks Matheson’s dark humour and slow-burn storytelling, but remains an enduring thinking man’s actioner.

50) Stalker (1979)
Tarkovsky’s other sci-fi great is a 163-minute philosophical adaptation of the Strugatsky brothers’ Roadside Picnic. A ‘stalker’ guides two explorers to the Zone, which contains the key to realising innermost desires. Slow, inscrutable, beautiful and mesmerising.


Enjoy and Seed!!