Please seed!

The Yardbirds are an English rock band that had a string of hits in the mid 1960s, including "For Your Love", "Over Under Sideways Down" and "Heart Full of Soul". The group is notable for having started the careers of three of rock's most famous guitarists: Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck and Jimmy Page, all of whom were in the top five of Rolling Stone's 100 Top Guitarists list (Clapton as #2, Page as #3, and Beck at #5). A blues-based band that broadened its range into
pop and rock, The Yardbirds were pioneers in guitar innovations of the 1960s: fuzz tone, feedback, distortion, backwards echo, improved amplification, etc. Pat Pemberton, writing for Spinner, holds that the Yardbirds were "the most impressive guitar band in rock music". After the Yardbirds broke up in 1968, their current lead guitarist Jimmy Page founded what became Led Zeppelin. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yardbirds


The Yardbirds - The Very Best Of The Yardbirds
Music Club 2008

01  The Yardbirds - For Your Love, feat. Eric Clapton
02  The Yardbirds - Heart Full of Soul, feat. Eric Clapton
03  The Yardbirds - Good Morning Little Schoolgirl, feat. Eric Clapton
04  The Yardbirds - Still I'm Sad, feat. Jeff Beck
05  The Yardbirds - Evil Hearted You, feat. Jeff Beck
06  The Yardbirds - A Certain Girl, feat. Eric Clapton
07  The Yardbirds - Jeff's Blues, feat. Jeff Beck
08  The Yardbirds - I Wish You Would, feat. Eric Clapton
09  The Yardbirds - New York City, feat. Jeff Beck
10  The Yardbirds - I'm not Talking, feat. Jeff Beck
11  The Yardbirds - You're a Better Man Than I, feat. Jeff Beck
12  The Yardbirds - Shapes of Things, feat. Jeff Beck
13  The Yardbirds - I'm a Man, feat. Jeff Beck
14  The Yardbirds - Boom Boom, feat. Eric Clapton
15  The Yardbirds - Smokestack Lightning (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
16  The Yardbirds - Let it Rock (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
17  The Yardbirds - You Can't Judge a Book by its Cover (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
18  The Yardbirds - Who Do You Love (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
19  The Yardbirds - Too Much Monkey Business (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
20  The Yardbirds - Respectable (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
21  The Yardbirds - Pretty Girl (Live), feat. Eric Clapton
22  The Yardbirds - Stroll On, feat. Jimmy Page
 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-very-best-of-the-yardbirds-music-club-r496122