VSO Blu-ray To DVD 1.4.0.8 Multilanguage

VSO Blu-ray To DVD - Convert and burn your Blu-ray files to DVD in one click! Complete conversions in no time with the fast and smart encoder and achieve the best quality possible. With Blu-ray To DVD, no computer knowledge is necessary. Simply insert the Blu-ray disk with a decryptor activated or select the file from your hard drive. Then click on the audio and subtitle tracks of your choice according to the list offered on the original blu-ray. The aspect ratio can be selected (4:3 or 16:9) depending on tour TV screen and also NTSC or PAL video formats, depending on where you live. Select the menu of your choice from different templates with the drop down selection. The live preview allows you to watch the conversion process. With the VSO burning engine included in the software, burn your project onto DVD automatically. Add an elegant DVD menu for easy navigation and choose to include original chapters points from the Blu-ray movie or create your own.

Blu-ray converter to DVD
* Convert Blu-ray videos to DVD and watch on any DVD player
* Top imageand fast conversion
* No computer experience needed!

Easy to use
Convert Blu-ray videos to DVD in an easy 1, 2, 3 step process:
1) Select the Blu-ray video and choose the audio and subtitle tracks
2) Use the quality analyzer to adjust settings for best quality
3) Just sit back and relax during the conversion! The burning will begin if the option is checked.

Quality control
DVDs to play on any player

plays on any dvd player The result will play on any DVD player. Create a DVD for PAL or NTSC region and also select whether you want the result to be fullscreen or widescreen. Create a DVD with multiple audio and subtitle files and select them like a real Blu-ray or DVD either via the menu or by using the subtitle button or your remote control to switch between the languages on your DVD. A settings and chapter menu are created for easy navigation. Our burning engine supports all DVD types and brands.

Use our quality advisor to adjust the settings of your project to get the best quality. See before you even start the conversion process what the quality will be and adjust settings for fine tuning. Never be disappointed again by poor quality results!

Blu-ray To DVD also uses our advanced Image Filter to converts images down from HD to SD (for compatibility with any DVD player). Our image filter has already proven itself to be one of the best image resizing solutions on the market today.

Simplified with Advanced technology
Our advanced discriminator technology does all the hard work for you behind the scenes. Whether you want to convert a movie or a Blu-ray series, the discrimintor presents the main files you need and insures the correct ordering of the files. This means no more sorting through long lists of video files wondering which file is the right one to select - our software does it all for you. Not only that, but for films with multiple angles, a special preview module helps you choose which angle you want to convert.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1250+ torrents                                                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	