This is a Release of Morning Glory (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.4GB
This Release Includes:
- Morning Glory (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features:
	-Director Commentary
	-Deleted Scene
That’s the WHOLE Morning Glory DVD RIPPED FOR YOU TO ENJOY WITH ALL THE SPECIAL FEATURES INCLUDED!! PLEASE SEED….vladtepes3176

PLOT:
Morning Glory is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Roger Michell, produced by J.J. Abramsand written by Aline Brosh McKenna.[3] It stars Rachel McAdams, Harrison Ford, Diane Keaton, Patrick Wilson and Jeff Goldblum.

CAST:
Rachel McAdams as Becky Fuller: the new executive producer of DayBreak, the fourteenth in eleven years, challenged with improving the show's ratings.
Harrison Ford as Mike Pomeroy: a serious news journalist and anchor who has worked in television for over forty years. He is unhappy at having to co-host a show that does not deal with real news stories.
Diane Keaton as Colleen Peck: the host of DayBreak for the past eleven years, in which time she has gone through several co-hosts and executive producers, all the while remaining at the show.
Patrick Wilson as Adam Bennett: another producer at IBS, who begins dating Becky. He shows frustration at her unwillingness to take some time away from her job.
John Pankow as Lenny Bergman: the long-term senior producer of the show.
Jeff Goldblum as Jerry Barnes: a network executive, he tasks Becky with turning the show's ratings around.
Ty Burrell as Paul McVee: the co-host of the show at the beginning of the film. Becky immediately fires him because of his negative effect on staff morale.
Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson, Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo as himself.
Chris Matthews, Morley Safer, Bob Schieffer, and Elaine Kaufman make cameo appearances.

DETAILS:
107 Minutes
English
IMBD: tt1126618
Product Description
For Becky (Rachel McAdams, "The Notebook"), running a TV show in New York City was the big break she dreamed of…until star co-anchors Mike (Harrison Ford, Indiana Jones) and Colleen (Diane Keaton, "Something’s Gotta Give") declare an all-out, on-air war. Making the show work with its cast of eccentric characters and outrageous story angles will take a major miracle, but Becky is ready to rise and outshine. From the writer of "The Devil Wears Prada" and "27 Dresses", "Morning Glory" is a “Tart, terrific comedy*” that critics rave is, “Smart! Fresh! Brilliant! Heartwarming! Morning Glory has it all!*” *Peter Travers , Rolling Stone **Neil Rosen, NY1
PLEASE SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176
