Scott Yanow on Lars Gullin:
One of the top baritone saxophonists of all times and a giant of European jazz, Lars Gullin would be better known if he had visited the US often and if excessive drug use had not cut short his career...All bop and cool jazz collectors should be aware of Lars Gullin and own several of his sets.
All Music Guide to Jazz; Miller Freeman Books 1998

Brian Priestly on Lars Gullin:
The first musician after Django Reinhardt to have an impact in the USA without relocating there, Gullin has never been duplicated or surpassed. His facility and relaxation, especially in the 1950s, were able to make the baritone feel like a delicately handled tenor. But his tone (thanks to the Tristano influence detectable in many Swedish and German musicians of this period) was so light and pure that it recalled not so much a tenor as altoist Lee Konitz  Local commentators detect the inspiration not only of folk-music but the 19th-century Swedish composers in Gullins distinctive writing.
Jazz, the Essential Companion; Paladin, London 1987

Jack Kerouac on Lars Gullin:
a whole case of longplayed bop albums, and first Wig plays Stan Getz and the Swedish group with Bengt Hallberg on piano, the marvelous Lars Gullin on baritone, great rhythm section - first music I'd heard in months.

Chet Baker on Lars Gullin:
The only baritone player that I was aware of was Gerry Mulligan. When I heard Lars, I thought, Jesus, there is another way of playing the baritone! Lars played with a lot more fire and a lot more authority in some ways than Gerry did.
Private interview by Pär Rittsel

Leonard Feather on Lars Gullin:
If he ever decides to emigrate to this country, I might add, he is going to scare a lot of people, make a lot of records and gain a lot of admirers.

- - -

Lars Gullin - Lars Gullin Vol. 2, 1953 Modern sounds
(Stockholm Dragon 1993)

 1. All the things you are. 
 2. The squirrel. 
 3. Deed I do. 
 4. Over the rainbow. 
 5. Lullaby in rhythm. 
 6. He's funny that way. 
 7. You go to my head. 
 8. The things we did last summer. 
 9. Ablution. 
10. Lady fingers. 
11. The front. 
12. The boy next door. 
13. North express. 
14. Hersey bar. 
15. That old black magic. 
16. They didn't believe me. 
17. Night and day. 
18. Chloe. 
19. Dedicated to Lee (take 1). 
20. Dedicated to Lee (take 2). 
21. Late date. 
22. Love me or leave me. 
23. Yvette. 
24. You go to my head


Lars Gullin with Wade Legge, Rita Reys, Lee Konitz,
Zoot Sims, Bob Laine and others
