ESET Smart Security

With a personal firewall, antispam, and the same antivirus and antispyware protection delivered by ESET NOD32® Antivirus, ESET Smart Security is the most comprehensive defense against Internet threats.

These threats come in many forms. In fact, by the time you finish reading this sentence, approximately 70 new variants of malware, viruses, trojans, worms, rootkits, spyware, and more—will have been released.

But ESET Smart Security will keep you safe. And with the addition of personal firewall software, you can proactively filter content, ensuring customized protection.

ESET Smart Security is a tightly integrated solution designed to protect computers from a range of threats. Built on the award-winning ESET NOD32 Antivirus and its powerful ThreatSense® engine, ESET Smart Security provides antispyware, antispam and customized firewall features to protect you, your family and your business from Internet threats.

Buy Now Trial Download

ESET Smart Security Home Edition Key benefits

Protects you from the unknown - Our Award-winning ThreatSense® technology uses various specialist techniques, including heuristics, in order to detect the latest and upcoming threats providing you with the most effective protection possible. This combined with our firewall ensures your safety not only from viruses but also unwanted hackers and intruders.

Keeps your machine running faster for longer - ESET Smart Security 4 is lightning fast, so fast you won't even notice it's there. Even disk-intensive operations like performing a "full disk scan" or using a firewall runs smoothly in the background without affecting your computer's speed.

Improves computer performance - ESET Smart Security 4 is "lean and mean," typically using just 45 MB of memory - a fraction of what other products consume. Because it's fast and "light," switching your existing Internet Security to ESET Smart Security can literally be like buying a new computer. Plus laptop users will also benefit from extended battery life thanks to our new automatic energy-sipping battery mode.

Finds malware other AV companies have let in - Typically when a new copy of ESET Smart Security 4 replaces another Internet Security product on a computer our software finds viruses or malware resident on the machine that were undetected by their previous product. Use our free online scanner here to check your computer for viruses.

Buy Now Trial Download

ESET Smart Security Home Edition Key Features

Time-saving Firewall – The new Learning Mode saves time by automatically creating firewall rules by observing how you use your computer, while offering advanced firewall modes for advanced users.

Upgraded Antispam – ESET Smart Security now takes care of annoying spam with a smaller, faster and even more effective spam filter.

Smarter scanner – Threats don't always enter your computers in ways you expect. ESET Smart Security scans all webpages and emails, including SSL encrypted, and intelligently scans compressed files to find hidden threats other products miss. Proactive protection begins as soon as your computer's operating system starts booting.

Clean and safe Email – Email scanning for Microsoft Outlook, Outlook Express, Mozilla Thunderbird, Windows Live Mail, Windows Mail, Gmail and other POP3/IMAP mail clients ensures your email is free of viruses and other threats.

Removable media security – Viruses can enter your computer from removable media such as USB sticks, MP3 players and CDs/DVDs. For self-running media, ESET Smart Security scans autorun.inf and associated files when inserted, in addition to scanning any file on any removable device when it is accessed or during a full-scan of the media. Advanced users can adjust ESET Smart Security to perform additional levels of scanning on removable media.

System tools – For advanced users ESET SysInspector and ESET SysRescue simplify diagnosing and cleaning of infected systems by allowing deep scans of system processes to find hidden threats, and creating bootable rescue CD/DVD or USB drives to help you repair an infected computer.

Self defense – ESET Smart Security has built-in technology to prevent malicious software from corrupting or disabling it, so you can rest assured your system is always protected.
System Requirements

Processors Supported: Intel or AMD x86-x64
Operating Systems: Windows® 7/Vista SP2/XP SP3/2000 SP4
Memory: 45 MB
Disk Space (Download): 36 MB
Disk Space (Installation): 50 MB

installation.
1 run eset exe
2 enter 1 of the usernames and serials provided
done enjoy

PLEASE SEED :)