Jamie's 30 Minute Meals Complete Season 1 (2010)
Language: English | XviD 1045kbps | 624 x 352 25fps | MP3 128kbps | 3.9 GB
Genre: Documentary / Cooking show

Too busy? Too expensive? Don't know how? We've all made excuses for grabbing junk food or bunging a ready meal in the oven. But Jamie Oliver thinks everyone deserves to eat delicious, nutritious food, and in his new series Jamie shows how to create a whole home-cooked feast from scratch in the time it takes to heat up a ready meal.

This fast-paced show demonstrates in real time how to create a whole meal, featuring a substantial main course with delicious sides and salads, gorgeous puddings and refreshing drinks.

Whether you're a beginner looking for step-by-step instructions, or an experienced cook looking to breathe new life into your repertoire, the series has the answers.

Each meal has been carefully crafted so that thereΓΓé¼Γäós no faffing about ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ just good, fast cooking. Jamie has created complete menus of foods that go beautifully together and planned the recipes menus in a unique and easy-to-follow way. This kind of cooking is all about using every minute wisely, having fun and reclaiming your kitchen for the job it was meant for. Once you start cooking this way, not only will you love it; youΓΓé¼Γäóll never look back.

Episodes

Season 1 Episode 1: Piri Piri Chicken
Real-time cookery demonstrations with Jamie Oliver, taking viewers step-by-step through the recipes for main courses, side dishes, puddings and drinks. He begins by preparing piri piri chicken with dressed potatoes, rocket salad and quick Portuguese tarts.

Season 1 Episode 2: Thai Red Prawn Curry
The chef gets busy in the kitchen, demonstrating how to prepare a quick meal of Thai red prawn curry with jasmine rice and cucumber salad, along with a papaya platter.

Season 1 Episode 3: Roast Beef
Jamie Oliver shows how to make roast beef with baby Yorkshire puddings, little carrots, crispy potatoes and gravy in half an hour.

Season 1 Episode 4: Spinach and Feta
Jamie Oliver makes spinach and feta filo pie, coated ice-cream and two salads - one cucumber, the other tomato - as he demonstrates how to cook quick meals using fresh ingredients.

Season 1 Episode 5: Jools's Pasta
Chef Jamie Oliver prepares a pasta dish for his then-pregnant wife Jools, using chicory and watercress salad with frangipane tarts.

Season 1 Episode 6: Rogan Josh Curry
Jamie Oliver presents a step-by-step guide to making a rogan josh curry with rice, carrot salad, poppadoms and flatbread.

Season 1 Episode 7: Duck Salad
The chef prepares duck salad with giant croutons and demonstrates an easy recipe for rice pudding with stewed fruit.

Season 1 Episode 8: Oozy Mushroom Risotto
Jamie Oliver shows how to cook oozy mushroom risotto with spinach salad, and quick lemon and raspberry cheesecake, all in 30 minutes.

Season 1 Episode 9: Steak Sarnie
Jamie Oliver presents another real-time cookery demonstration, preparing a steak sandwich with crispy new potatoes, cheesy mushrooms and beetroot salad.

Season 1 Episode 10: Chicken Pie
Chef Jamie Oliver demonstrates how to cook a chicken pie with French-style peas and sweet carrot mash, before preparing berries with shortbread and Chantilly cream.

Season 1 Episode 11: Fish Tray Bake
Jamie Oliver presents a step-by-step guide to making a fish tray bake with Jersey Royal potatoes, salsa verde and a simple spinach salad, followed by banoffee pie.

Season 1 Episode 12: Cauliflower Macaroni
Real-time cookery demonstrations with Jamie Oliver, taking viewers step-by-step through the recipes for main courses, side dishes, puddings and drinks.

Season 1 Episode 13: Stuffed Focaccia
Jamie Oliver shows how to prepare focaccia stuffed with prosciutto and celeriac remoulade, served with dressed mozzarella and fresh lemon and lime granita, all in half an hour.

Season 1 Episode 14: Moroccan Lamb
Chef Jamie Oliver demonstrates how to cook Moroccan lamb chops, served with flatbreads, herby couscous, stuffed peppers and pomegranate, all in just half an hour.

Season 1 Episode 15: Sea Bass and Crispy Pancetta
The chef prepares sea bass and crispy pancetta with sweet potato and Asian greens, berry ice-cream and sparkling lemon ginger drink.

Season 1 Episode 16: Summer Veg Lasagne
Jamie Oliver presents a step-by-step guide to making a summer vegetable lasagne, Tuscan tomato salad and quick mango frozen yoghurt in baby cornets.

Season 1 Episode 17: Smoky Haddock Corn Chowder
Jamie Oliver prepares smoky haddock corn chowder, spiced tiger prawns and rainbow salad, before demonstrating how to make a raspberry and elderflower slushie.

Season 1 Episode 18: Kinda Sausage Cassoulet
Jamie Oliver shows how to prepare sausage cassoulet, warm broccoli salad, and berry and custard pie in 30 minutes.

Season 1 Episode 19: Asian Style Salmon
Jamie Oliver presents another real-time cookery demonstration, preparing Asian-style salmon, noodle broth, beansprout salad and lychee dessert in less than half an hour.

Season 1 Episode 20: Killer Jerk Chicken
Chef Jamie Oliver presents a step-by-step guide to preparing jerk chicken with rice and beans, chopped salad and chargrilled corn.
