Evid3nc3's YouTube project "Why I am no longer a Christian". This is the first 19 videos of what will eventually be 53 videos long. This post is in no relation to him or his channel. I simply think the videos are excellent. I created a DVD of the videos he has uploaded as of May 2011 and figured I would share the love to the torrent community. You'll need a Dual Layer DVD. 



ABOUT THE VIDEOS:

I explain my life as a born-again Christian, my deconversion, and my life as an atheist. In the deconversion section, I show how evidence, reason, and experiences related to prayer, morality, deconverted Christians, the Bible, and my relationship with God Himself all lead to my eventual inability to believe anymore.


VIDEO PLANS
The series "Why I am no longer a Christian" is not finished. It is a work in progress. 

When possible, I try to release one video a month. This is not always possible. My professional and academic life are extremely busy.

Based on my current notes for the series, there will be 39 videos in the post-Deconversion section of the series, for a total of 52 (13 + 39) videos. That means that if you look at the video count for "Why I am no longer a Christian" and the number of videos is less than 52, there are more videos to come.

TWITTER
For the status on the next video

WORDPRESS
For responses to critical blogs and YouTube PMs

FACEBOOK
For.. Facebook stuff..


FAQ
"I love the music selection in your videos! Can you tell me the name of the song in video X so that I can find it and buy it?"
-- I list the music used in each video at the bottom of the video description box.

"What do your parents think about your atheism? How did they react?"
-- Unlike me, my parents have not chosen to be public figures. I'm not comfortable exposing their current personal lives, beliefs, and conversations to the public without their explicit consent.

GOALS
-Inspire atheists, secular humanists, and freethinkers. 
-Provide support and solidarity for other former Christians.
-Inform the undecided.
-Generate discussion with the open-minded and intellectually honest religious.
-Cause the over-confident religious to question their unwavering certainty.

VALUES
This channel is centered around using evidence and reason as the justification for beliefs. 

It is about letting the evidence speak for itself without having any preconceived biases about what it should say. (Unless, of course, those biases are based on previous strong evidence. But all biases should melt away in the face of new, stronger evidence.)

The ethic of this channel is inspired by the Secular Humanist tenets of testing beliefs and believing strongly only in beliefs for which we, as a species, also have strong evidence.

Tenets of Secular Humanism: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secular_humanism#Tenets