Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father to Bless All that SEED LONG!!!
Description
                                           POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS  - Conspiracy Facts - Part 95 - Inside Job - Trials and tribulations for all the Traitors

This is memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 95 - Inside Job - Trials and tribulations for all the Traitors

CANNES -- The global financial meltdown of 2008 resulted in millions of people losing jobs and homes. It had something to do with brokerage firms, banks, lending companies.

That's about all most of us know and comprehends, but this Sony Pictures Classics release documents the criminal fraud and greed of the financial services industry. Most impressively, it makes it understandable to those of us who don't know much at all about economics.

"Inside Job" presents a stunning array of interviews with a broad range of participants and commentators: hedge fund managers, business-school faculty, Justice Department officials, Federal Reserve chairmen, Congressmen and even a Wall Street "Madam." However, "Inside Job" is no talking-heads drone. It's a lively, droll and acidic shakedown of the insiders who perpetrated this crisis.

Filmmaker Charles Ferguson exposes a level of greed that would make even Gordon Gekko cringe as such entities as Goldman Sachs actually made money by selling their clients worthless financial products and then betting against them.

Most pointedly, Inside Job clearly illuminates the collusion between governmental agencies, the giant financial service companies and the hordes of insiders who slopped at both sides of the trough. In short, "Inside Job" exposes the conflicts of interest between brokerage, regulation and government.

Further, Inside Job also maps the conflict-of-interest rampant throughout top business schools, such as Harvard and Columbia, whose professors garner huge consulting fees by the very firms perpetrating the de-regulation mantra.

Rooting the crisis in the move toward de-regulation begun during the Reagan administration and now continuing under Obama, Inside Job illuminates how the Wall Street culprits who caused this crisis have moved through to the other side of the fence. Such financial services honchos/culprits as Bush appointee Hank Paulson and Obama-men Timothy Geithner and Larry Summers have held or now hold high presidential advisory posts.

As a farmer might say, "It was the foxes getting in the hen house," referring to the financial services execs/crooks who have crossed over into high regulatory capacities.

Narrated by Matt Damon and illuminated by the film's revealing interview questions, Inside Job deserves, in stock terms, a triple-A rating.

Venue: Festival de Cannes -- Special Screenings
Sales: Sony Pictures Classics
Production companies: Representational Pictures in association with Screen Pass Pictures
Cast: Matt Damon (narrator)
Director: Charles Ferguson
Producer: Audrey Marrs
Directors of photography: Kalyanee Mam, Svetlana Cvetko
Editors: Chad Beck, Adam Bolt. Music: Alex Heffes
No rating, 110 minutes


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

This is what is coming and more.
If you do not believe in The Rapture and Jesus, you will need to Study The Below Survival videos.

More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                      Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                           End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                     Pasteur Carl Gallops                                                                                 Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Prayers in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                      Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?aid=13&adid=79                                   Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?id=C3sphAod      Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                                                         

            ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS     