Tha Izanagi Presents: Anal Inferno + XTRAS

Mike Adriano gives eight sexy ladies a taste of extreme ass play in Anal Inferno, his newest gonzo exploration of the limits of hard-core gape fetish. From sensuous teasing to POV blow jobs to ATM cocksucking to insane toys and anal speculums, these hot babes get turned out - sometimes inside out! Spunky, all-natural Jynx Maze and busty Asian cutie Asa Akira poke their tongues into each other's adorable pucker, and the girls take turns messily throat-fucking Mike's cock, trading drool back and forth. As each girl is ass-fucked, her partner sucks Mike's dick ass-to-mouth. He pulls out of Jynx' bunghole and shoots off in Asa's open mouth; the sluts swap cum and kiss. Tanned Mahina Zaltana is a gym-sculpted hardbody with a righteously round ass and muscular, toned legs. Mike makes Mahina's bubbly butt cheeks shiny with oil. He pushes big toys up her derriere, including a medical speculum, and sodomizes her until her pink insides show, then cums into a wine glass; Mahina gargles and swallows it all.

Thai beauty Mya Luanna lowers her waistband to reveal a plump, soft rear. Mike fondles Mya's fine, natural boobs; she bends over and shows us how she winks her crinkled butthole. Mya snakes a foot-long dildo all the way up her bottom, and more toys stretch her pouting asshole to the extreme. Mike butt-fucks the sweet lass until her pink intestines push forth from her gaping, wrecked sphincter, and shoots a load in her open mouth. Cute little Tori Lux shows off her soft, round booty wearing fishnets and high heels. She's joined by tattooed, raven-haired Jada Stevens, and Mike, whose head gets sandwiched between both sexy bitches' fine asses. Following lots of girl-on-girl rimming, the young ladies perform a slobbering double blow job. The director opens their bungholes with dildos, fucks their anuses and lets the eager whores suck his pole ATM-style. After he ejaculates across Jada's shiny cheeks, Tori licks up and shares the creamy prize with her sexy pal. Skinny, top-heavy Karina O'Reilley pulls her panties to the side to show a clear anal plug deep in her tiny butt. When she pushes her butthole out, her red colon starts to emerge. Karina uses several fingers to probe her incredibly loose rectum. She kneels, drools all over Mike's big dick and laps his nut sack.

Soon Mike's buried his pole up Karina's wide-open backdoor. She uses the fingers of both hands to reveal her glistening, scarlet ass meat to the world as her sphincter gapes and gurgles. Mike cums into a martini glass, and nasty Karina sucks it all up with a straw. In a bonus POV blow job scene, compliant bimbo Carolyn Reese bends over to show her taut, round ass and tiny, hairless bunghole. She drools on her natural 34D boobs, pours fruity liquids all over them, then licks the concoction off. Carolyn kneels between Mike's thighs, wraps her big titties around his shaft and pumps till he spurts his appreciation in her mouth.

Starring: Asa Akira, Carolyn Reese, Jada Stevens, Jynx Maze, Karina O'Reiley, Mahina Zaltana, Mike Adriano, Mya Luanna, Tori Lux


Coverhttp://www.pixzilla.org/show.php/628_1.jpg.html:

