Developer: EA Sports
Publisher: Electronic Arts Inc.
Genre: / soccer
Platform: PC / Windows

Release date: World: 27 September 2011
Play modes: single / multiplayer
Multiplayer: LAN / Internet | number of players: 1-22
Game language: English
Age requirements: everyone | media: 1 DVD
Suggested system requirements:
Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz, 2 GB RAM (4 GB RAM – Vista/7), graphic card 256 MB (GeForce 8800 GT or better), Windows XP/Vista/7.


FIFA 12 (titled FIFA Soccer 12 in North America) is the nineteenth game in Electronic Arts’ FIFA series of association football video games. It is being developed by EA Canada, and will be published by Electronic Arts worldwide under the EA Sports label. David Rutter, the line producer for FIFA 12, promised “a revolutionary year for FIFA … especially in the gameplay department.

Features:
Pro Player Intelligence:
CPU players have been infused with self-awareness and aptitude, enabling them to make decisions based on their own skills as well as the strengths and attributes of their teammates. Players who possess exceptional vision, for example, will see opportunities for through balls that other players won’t. Real Madrid’s Kaká will be more likely to pick out a run from a teammate farther away than a player with poorer vision. Additionally, teams will vary their attack based on the strengths of their players on the pitch, and the weaknesses of opposing players, creating a more authentic experience and greater variety of matches.

Tactical Defending:
Re-designed defending mechanism fundamentally changes the approach to defending by placing equal importance on positioning, intercepting passes and tackling at the right moment. Tactics and timing are crucial.

True Injuries:
The Player Impact Engine monitors contact between players in real-time, analyzing the force of the collision and impact on the body to detect real injuries, creating a deeper more challenging Career Mode. Manage new types of injuries and the risk of sending a player onto the pitch who isn’t fully healed.

Player Impact Engine:
Two years in development, the new physics engine is built to deliver real-world physicality in every interaction on the pitch. Experience an infinite variety of natural and believable outcomes in every contact. Players feel more resilient on the ball, push and pull during the fight for possession, and recover from light challenges more easily, preserving their natural momentum. And many mand more


Screen: 
http://i.imgur.com/vgiJe.jpg

Password: awesome

