

NIGHTMARE was formed in 1979... Their break, however, arrived in March 1983 after opening for Def Leppard at the Pyromania era in their hometown of Grenoble (France) in front of over 4000 fans. The band quickly signed to Ebony Records the following year to record their debut album, Waiting For The Twilight… The album propelled them into the Japanese charts, drawing the attention of Virgin Records, who released it in Greece also.

In preparation for their forthcoming release, the quintet hired vocalist Jean-Marie Boix (ex-Bronx), bringing new momentum to the band with his powerful voice. With this new addition, Jean Strippoli (guitar), Nicolas De Dominicis (guitar), Yves Campion (bass), Jo Amore (drums) entered the studio for the second time to record Power Of The Universe.

Shortly thereafter, NIGHTMARE left Ebony Records and Power Of The Universe was licensed in France by Dream Records, while the band prepared their third LP. Unfortunately, the collapse of the company and financial difficulties impeded this release. Moreover, Jean-Marie Boix was forced to leave the band due to serious illness.

We are now in 1987 : Spectrum Management insist on their hiring an English-speaking replacing singer, who eventually turns out to be the Scottish Tom Jackson (ex-Praying Mantis, Bernie Marsden' S.O.S., Zenith...), and proves to be the perfect fit...
A new band comes to life, with only Yves Campion and Nicolas De Dominicis remaining from the original line-up... The new NIGHTMARE records a two track demo-tape and plays a few shows in France. It also gains a little success in the U.K., with a memorable show at London's famous Royal Standard club.

Unfortunately, musical differences arise among the members of the band, and NIGHTMARE has to leave the foreground of the French musical scene, in which it had gained a leading role, and of which it was bound to become the leader...

NIGHTMARE reformed for 1999 mini album Astral Deliverance issued by Adipocere Records. Jo Amore traded in his drum kit for the microphone and passed the sticks to his brother, David. Nicolas De Dominicis and Jeannot Strippoli accepted the guitar responsibilities, as did and Stéphane Rabilloud the keyboards, while Yves Campion strapped on his bass guitar to complete the line-up…

The record was dedicated to the band’s late frontman J.M. Boix who had died tragically in April of the same year.
The band's previous recording efforts were re-released with a substantial amount of bonus material, and in 2000, a double live CD entitled DeLIVErance was also released to document the band's career and memorable performance at their 30th October 1999 reunion show which boasted cover versions of Accept’s “ Metal Heart ” and Sortilege’s theme tune, complete with a guesting Patrick Liotard of Presence.

In June 2001, they entered Soundsuite studio with Norwegian producer Terje Refsnes at the helm for the recording of their third album, Cosmovision, with several guests musicians and especially the famed French guitar-hero, Patrick Rondat. The album was released in October 2001 and followed by a tour with Saxon in France and Italy, as well as a concerts with Grave Digger on the Roads to Nasca… Cosmovision tour 2001. However, in February Jean Stripolli and Stephane Rabilloud opted out and NIGHTMARE duly inducted Alex Hilbert,as replacement.

In this incantation, the band put in an appearance at New Jersey’s Metal Meltdown IV festival. With this unforgettable performance NIGHTMARE became the first French heavy metal band to play North America in over two decade at this time.




[Discography 1984-2009]

Waiting for the Twilight 1984
Power of the Universe 1985
Cosmovision 2001
Silent Room 2003
The Dominion Gate 2005
Genetic Disorder 2007
Insurrection 2009
