For the very first time in GEX texture coverage, Flight One Software is proud to announce that Ground Environment X Africa-Middle East for Microsoft Flight Simulator X is now available.

Ground Environment X Africa-Middle East builds on the award winning techniques of the GEX series and continues using our new approach in texture design, incorporating high level detail graphics in the default Flight Simulator X 1-meter texture resolution format. This delivers a hi-fidelity image without using excessive disk space or processor power. Our design allows a simulation pilot to enjoy clearly defined visuals from nearly ground level up to higher altitudes.

Ground Environment X brings all-new ground textures to FSX, and it boasts an incredible 1 m/pixel texture resolution, using native 1024x1024 pixel images, and includes all seasons, meticulously designed night textures and the latest techniques in autogen placement and alignment. All this while keeping maximum Flight Simulator performance in mind during development.

The easy-to-use interface will provide for easy installing the new textures, and is designed with Flight1's "keep-it-simple yet powerful" philosophy.

Whether you are flying over the savannas of Africa or the oasis-dotted desert sands of the Middle East, the entire area will now come to life with brighter colors, unique autogen, and so much more.

Product Features

Generous discount for purchasing Africa and the Middle East. (limited time offer)

Complete coverage of the Middle East and Africa from Pakistan to Cape Town.

Enhanced textures to assist in rendering clear visuals as low as 250-500ft.

High volume autogen layout with optimizations for maximum performance.

Updates GEX Europe in the southern regions when installed with GEX EU.

Major upgrade for GEX North America users when installed with GEX NA.

Synchronizes all GEX regions. No texture switching between regions.

1m/pixel - 1024x1024 Textures - No excessive resolution to render.

Full texture support for SceneryTech and Xclass landclass products.

Automated file backup system with merged region backup storage.

Sync patches provided for UTX USA\Canada\UT Alaska and Europe.

2D enhancements produce simulated 3D depth in textures.

Textures derived from licensed Arial and Satellite imagery.

All seasons including snowy winters and mountain terrain.

FSX tree render issue addressed in autogen annotation.

Realistic custom designed night lighting textures.

Improved default FSX road night lighting.

Highly detailed aerial views.

Natural seasonal blending.

Tested and working with http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6920696/FSX_Ground_Environment_X_Africa-Middle_East_Update_v1.10

I will seed this 24/7 untill the appropriate amount of data has been exchanged in order to facillitate the seeding quota required.
Happy New Year Guys. :+)