Storyline

Nikita is a trained assassin gone rogue trying to stop a secret U.S. agency known only as Division from recruiting deeply troubled teenagers and training them to be assassins.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Season 1, Episode 1 Aired: 9/9/2010

Pilot

As a troubled teen, Nikita was rescued from death row by Division, a secret U.S. agency that trained her as an assassin and spy. After the agency betrayed her, Nikita spent three years in hiding. Now she is seeking revenge, stopping at nothing to shut down and expose the operation, her former boss, Percy, and her former friends at Division. Meanwhile, the agency continues to recruit and train new members, bringing in young people, erasing their pasts, and turning them into cold and efficient killers.



Season 1, Episode 2 Aired: 9/16/2010

2.0

Percy and Michael take custody of a Slavic leader wanted for war crimes, a man they plan to convert as their latest assignment. Nikita tracks down their whereabouts and tries to thwart their plans, but a group of mercenaries is already ahead of her. Alex is activated earlier than expected for a special assignment that puts her directly in the line of fire. A flashback reveals a crucial turning point in Nikita's life.


Season 1, Episode 3 Aired: 9/23/2010

Kill Jill

Nikita saves a journalist who is in danger when he tries to expose a conspiracy. Birkhoff is suspected of helping Nikita from inside. Michael tries to find his target with the help of Jaden, Alex and Thom.


Season 1, Episode 4 Aired: 9/30/2010

Rough Trade

Nikita revisits her past when she posed as a nanny for a key government official and decides to right the wrong of his death. During the mission, Michael rescues Nikita and starts to have doubts about Percy's intentions. Alex suffers from a panic attack during basic training at Division, and Amanda helps Alex break her claustrophobia.


Season 1, Episode 5 Aired: 10/7/2010

The Guardian

Percy decides to search alone for a known fugitive, who happens to be a Division operative named Owen, which makes Michael suspicious of his motives and leads to a stand-off between Percy, Owen, and Nikita. Meanwhile, Thom catches Alex during her attempt to send Nikita a warning.


Season 1, Episode 6 Aired: 10/21/2010

Resistance

A group of terrorists attack a bus filled with Division recruits and kidnap Alex and Thom, who are both unaware that the attack is a test orchestrated by Division. Michael, Percy, Michael and Amanda watch as Alex is tortured, but Alex manages to escape contact Nikita for help. Meanwhile, as Owen begins to trust Nikita, he reveals some alarming information about her fiance.


Season 1, Episode 7 Aired: 10/28/2010

The Recruit

Alex alerts Nikita that Division has activated one of the recruits to execute a suicide mission. Nikita intercepts the recruit at the same time Michael arrives, and the two exchange gunfire. Meanwhile, back at Division, a recruit attacks several guards, which leads to mass chaos.


Season 1, Episode 8 Aired: 11/4/2010

Phoenix

In return for continued funding, Division authorizes Thom to eliminate a U.S. senator's mistress and cover up the affair. Nikita attempts to get to the mistress through her parents, but things don't go as planned.


Season 1, Episode 9 Aired: 11/11/2010

One Way

Michael goes after the terrorist who killed his family, and Nikita decides to help him. When Percy learns of her involvement, he sends agents to kill her, compromising the mission. Meanwhile, Alex puts Jaden at risk when she lies to cover her own slip-up while going through Division medical files.


Season 1, Episode 10 Aired: 12/2/2010

Dark Matter

Owen reveals some top-secret information from Division's black boxes to the media, leaking news that the U.S. Government was behind an assassination in Chile. In response, Percy frames Ryan, a C.I.A. agent, for the assassination. Nikita and Owen get captured when they travel to Chile and attempt to rescue Ryan from mercenaries, and Nikita reveals Division's secrets to Ryan in an effort to save all of their lives. Back at Division, Alex spies on Percy and Birkhoff and sees a new side to Percy.


Season 1, Episode 11 Aired: 12/9/2010

All the Way

Alex informs Nikita that Division is sending her on her first mission to kill the leader of a crime syndicate. Alex is concerned about killing someone, but Nikita reassures her and demands that she help execute the kill order. Birkhoff uncovers the shell program that a Division mole has been using to communicate with Nikita in the outside world and informs Percy and Michael. When Alex runs into problems on her mission, Nikita makes a quick decision to try to clear Alex's name. Back at Division, Jayden tries to prove that Alex is the mole, but Thom stands up for Alex and an unexpected accident clears her name.


Season 1, Episode 12 Aired: 1/27/2011

Free

With her promotion to agent, Division gives Alex a new apartment and a cover job. Her new neighbor, Nathan, invites Alex to a party, but Nikita warns her about the risks of getting involved with people. Alex struggles to balance her responsibilities at Division and leading a normal life. Nikita discovers that Division has implanted a kill chip in Alex's head and works on gaining control of the chip. While interrogating Birkhoff, Nikita reveals a secret that shocks Ryan.


Season 1, Episode 13 Aired: 2/3/2011

Coup de Grace

On her first mission, Alex and a group are assigned to kill the Prince of Georgia at a museum gala. When Alex tells Nikita about the assignment, they build a plan to prevent the assassination. However, Nikita puts her trust in wrong person and the plan falls apart, leading to a stand-off and letting Division know that Nikita is in the building.


Season 1, Episode 14 Aired: 2/10/2011

The Next Seduction

Ryan intercepts information about a dangerous new weapon coming into the U.S. and asks Nikita to help him prevent its delivery. Nikita learns that the man bringing the weapon into the country is Voss, a man Division forced her to have a relationship with while working undercover. She reluctantly resumes her alter ego to prevent the missile from being delivered. Meanwhile, Michael interferes with Alex's relationship with Nathan.


Season 1, Episode 15 Aired: 2/17/2011

Alexandra

During a mission, Alex runs into Irina, a friend from her past. Alex tries to help Irina escape from her captor, but Irina betrays her and turns Alex over to a Russian mobster named Vlad, who has a debt to settle. As Nikita tries to save Alex, she runs into Michael, who is also searching for Alex. Knowing that she can't compromise Alex's secret, Nikita has to work with Michael to save Alex without blowing Alex's cover.


Season 1, Episode 16 Aired: 2/24/2011

Echoes

Hoping to speed up her recovery, Amanda sedates Alex after her most recent mission and takes advantage of Alex's drugged condition to question her about the secrets Amanda suspects Alex is hiding. Realizing Alex is in danger, Nikita works to secure her another identity to smuggle her out of the country. However, Nikita's contact double-crosses her, leaving Nikita to face an unexpected opponent. Meanwhile, Michael becomes suspicious of Alex and asks Birkhoff to investigate her.


Season 1, Episode 17 Aired: 4/7/2011

Covenant

Michael shows up in Nikita's lair and tells her that he knows Alex is the mole. Michael threatens to tell Percy about Alex unless Nikita finds Kasim, the man who killed Michael's family, in the next 24 hours.


Season 1, Episode 18 Aired: 4/14/2011

Into The Dark

Owen returns with information about the whereabouts of one of Percy's black boxes. Nikita travels to London with Owen to retrieve the box, but she notices that he is acting strangely. Owen tells Nikita that he wants to release the contents of the black box, then turns on Nikita when she disagrees with his plan. Meanwhile, Percy sends Michael to London to kill Nikita, and Amanda forces Alex to take a lie detector test after she overhears Jaden and Alex arguing about the escape tunnels.


Season 1, Episode 19 Aired: 4/21/2011

Girl's Best Friend

Nikita decides it's getting too risky for Alex stay at Division and encourages her to disappear. Alex agrees, but before she can get away Division assigns Alex and Jaden to an overseas mission to stop the son of a foreign president from selling a new chemical weapon. When things don't go as planned, Alex must decide between saving the mission or saving herself.


Season 1, Episode 20 Aired: 4/28/2011

Glass Houses

Upset that Nikita continues to pursue the black boxes, Percy sends Michael to Pennsylvania to check on one of the boxes and the guardian protecting it. Nikita arrives at the town first and is surprised to learn that the guardian is a normal woman named Dana who has abandoned her guardian job and is trying to lead a normal life with her husband and child. Tensions mount when Michael must report Dana's actions and Division sends in agents to clean up any evidence of her existence. Meanwhile, Nathan gets caught in the middle of an argument between Alex and Jaden.


Season 1, Episode 21 Aired: 5/5/2011

Betrayals

Michael learns that Percy has ordered Divison to kill anyone with the ability to decrypt the black boxes, so he sends Nikita to protect the final person on the list, a CIA cryptographer named Malcolm. Nikita kidnaps the cryptographer and takes him to Ryan for safety. Back at Division, Percy turns on Alex.


Season 1, Episode 22 Aired: 5/12/2011

Pandora

Percy attempts to take over the CIA, Alex goes rogue, and Michael finds himself trapped inside Division, unable to help Nikita, whose life is in danger after helping Alex. 