                                North Gate Civilization- 
                     (Azzariah Bey, Hakim, H.Y. Bey, Shareef Bey) 

If asked what to Study,I would say yourself!, and when you have studied well and would ask me what to study next, I would reply;  Study Yourselves!" 
                                                                  ---Noble Drew Ali

Circa 1913 A.D.,  Knowledge of our Moorish Heritage would have been lost if it was not for the Moorish leader, our illustrious prophet Noble Drew Ali, who founded the Moorish Science Temple, in Newark, New Jersey (1913).  For the unconscious de-nationalized Moors i.e., negroes, blacks and coloreds, Moorish represents our Nationality.  Science represents our Ancestors Spiritual Arts maintained in Esoteric Free Masonry, and the Temple represents our Body the dwelling place of the Creator of the Universe.  Also, Noble Drew Ali, is responsible for the Moorish flag flying once again on American (Moroccan) soil in 1913.  The State of Morocco was not allowed to fly the Moorish flag until 1956 A.D., after their independence from France. 

The Moroccan Empire has a business arrangement with the British Empire [European Corporate Contract Citizens Caucasian Men].  The United States is a foreign European corporation conducting trade and commerce in foreign lands.  See:  In Re Merrian’s Estate, 36 N.Y. 479, Affirmed in U.S. v. Perkins 163 U.S. 625. 
.
The Hidden History of the Moorish People with the United States of America is recorded on the back of a Federal Reserve Note.  There are two seals on the back of the 1 dollar, Federal Reserve Note (U.S. Currency) on the left side is the Great Seal of the Moorish Empire and on the right is the Seal of the United States.  There are over THIRTY THREE (33) passwords on the $1.00 (Note).  The INDIGENOUS SOVEREIGN PEOPLE (Moors) were snaked (betrayed) by some of the European Colonial State Citizens who enslaved the Moors and branded them nigger, negroe, black, colored, afro, hispanic, west indian, etc.,  In order to conceal their true identify.   See:  Annointed News Journal, June 1998, Page 23.  America is the code word for Africa d Morocco is in Africa.    
See:  AmeRICA decoded is AfRICA and MoRoCo decoded is aMeRiCa. 
