THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0!!!
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-127C_4EBFE58F.jpg

It's called The Run. An illicit, high-stakes race across the country. The only way to get your life back is to be the first from San Francisco to New York. No speed limits. No rules. No allies. All you have are your driving skills and sheer determination as you battle hundreds of the world's most notorious drivers on the country's most dangerous roads.

In Need For Speed: The Run, you'll weave through dense urban centers, rocket down icy mountain passes and navigate narrow canyons at breakneck speeds, all the while evading a relentless police force prepared - and willing - to use lethal force to take you down.

From the Golden Gate to the Empire State: Compete in The Run, an illicit race across the most iconic and treacherous roads from San Francisco to New York. There are no rules and no allies in the cities, deserts, mountains and canyons than stand between you and the finish line.

You are Jack's competitive edge: Jack is in a race for his life, but he's got something the competition doesn't: You. Keep Jack one step ahead of the dangers from his dark past, both inside and outside the car. It's up to you to get Jack to New York in one piece and ahead of the competition.

Beat your friends: Connect to Autolog. Compare your times against those that matter most. Compete to be the best. Autolog now tracks your entire career - making every second of every race count in the battle to be the fastest to New York.

Racing powered by Frostbite 2: The powerful new Frostbite 2 engine, created by the award-winning DICE studio, advances technical achievements to deliver a gameplay experience with an unprecedented level of visual detail, environmental immersion, and emotional impact.

Compete in high octane multi-player racing: The most accessible online racing experience ever offered. With matchmaking technology, join races already in progress instead of waiting in lobbies. Create a party with friends, pick a playlist of your favorite challenges and compete for supremacy across every stage of The Run. By mastering all of the playlists you can level up and earn access to exclusive vehicles, upgrades and abilities.

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf

THIS IS A SCENE RELEASE, ALL CREDIT GOES TO THE ORIGINAL RIPPER!!!
