IDM UEStudio 11.20.0.1006

UEStudio includes all the features of UltraEdit plus native support for over 30 popular compilers (including Microsoft Visual C++, Java, GNU C/C++, PHP, Perl and over 30 others), an integrated debugger, integrated VCS version control, built-in class browsing, language intelligence (like Intellisense), project converter, and a batch builder... to name just a few of its advanced features. A significant element of a powerful IDE is a programmer's editor or code editor. It serves as the core foundation of any IDE. UEStudio is built on the chassis of the renowned UltraEdit. As such, the program's backbone is highly seasoned, stable, and already proven as the defacto standard of text and programmer's editors.

Because UltraEdit is so powerful, many of our users already use it as an IDE and have provided us feature requests to extend that functionality. Together, we have taken those requests, our own ideas, and the concept of a supercharged IDE and produced what we consider to be a powerful application with new and exciting features such as native support for over 30 popular compilers, integrated CVS version control, built-in class browsing, language intelligence (like Intellisense), project converter, batch builder, and an integrated debugger to name just a few!

Powerful project/solution features
» Visual Studio 6/05 project to UEStudio project conversion
» Integrated compiler support (note: compilers not included with IDE)
» Integrated CVS version control support
» Integrated SVN support
» Support for multiple SVN/CVS modules within a project
» Integrated tag support
» Powerful project manager
» Compiler-specific project templates

Application building features
» Compile your projects from within UEStudio
» Build/batch build
» Debug
» Integrated debugger support for WinDbg for Microsoft C/C++ applications
» Run your application from within UEStudio

Script toolbar features
» Special PHP/Ruby scripting support
» Run and test your PHP/Ruby scripts from within UEStudio
» New PHP function checks syntax of all open PHP files
» Parse your PHP/Ruby documents
» Strip comments
» Highlight source

New features:
» Integrated PHP Debugging with Xdebug
» Enhanced CVS support
» New javascript Lint integration
» New Quick Open Address Bar
» Improved FTP support
» Scripting access to the clipboard
» Include line numbers in "List lines containing string" dialog
» Enhanced Automatic large file detection

Home Page - http://www.ultraedit.com/




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                      
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1200+ torrents                      
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		