 http://bayimg.com/KAIPoaAdF

Medusa: Dare to Be Truthful (1992) (TV) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104843/

Medusa: Dare to Be Truthful is an American 1992 mockumentary film starring comedienne Julie Brown as the title character, with Kathy Griffin and Donal Logue in supporting roles. Comedians Tom Kenny and Bobcat Goldthwait and game show host Wink Martindale also made cameo appearances in the film.


 Julie Brown ... Medusa
 Jean Adams ...  Grandma 
 Rocco Neil April ...  Fanatic Medusa Fan 
 Julie Brown ...  Medusa 
 Sergio Carbajal ...  Dunky 
 Jodi Carlisle ...  Aphrodite 
 Charlie Coffey ...  Jeff 
 Cristy Dawson ...  Klepto Nurse (as Christy Dawson) 
 Stanley DeSantis ...  Bennie 
 Chris Elliott ...  Andy 
 Bob Goldthwait ...  Himself 
 Kathy Griffin ...  Taffy 
 Thomas Halstead ...  Stinky 
 Tom Kenny ...  Bobo Kaufman 
 Sophiah Koikas ...  Happy Fan 
 Leah Krinsky ...  Sarah 
 James Lashly ...  Dick 
 Carol Leifer ...  Angry Mom 
 Donal Logue ...  Shane Pencil 
 Wink Martindale ...  Himself 
 Sharonlee McLean ...  Myrna 
 Robbie Mueller ...  Dickie 
 Fred Pierce ...  Deputy 
 Kenneth J. Scherr ...  Doctor (as Kenneth Scherr) 
 Moses Sequeira ...  Raoul 
 Ken Walz ...  Miffed Editor 
 Gregory White ...  Sergeant 
 Smith Wordes ...  Angel 

The film lampoons the legitimate documentary Madonna: Truth or Dare (also known as In Bed With Madonna outside the United States and Canada). In the original, pop superstar Madonna allowed cameras to follow her around for a no-holds-barred peek into her life during her Blond Ambition Tour. In this spoof, Brown plays Medusa, a controlling, hyper-sexual blonde bombshell who has allowed a documentary crew to follow her on her "Blonde Leading the Blonde Tour."

The film, about one hour long and originally produced as a Showtime television special, goes to great pains to recreate costumes, sets and situations that occurred in the original documentary.

In an interview with celebrity columnist Michael Musto of the Village Voice, Brown recalled how Madonna first reacted when saw the film:

At first I heard she really liked it. Then I heard she didn't like the scene where I rolled around on my dog's grave. She'd rolled around on her mother's — like that wasn't offensive enough? Then she didn't like the scene with the dancers suing me, because that really happened to her." ” 

Shortly after seeing the film, Madonna sent over a half-finished bottle of warm champagne as a dubious gift, to salute Brown's deadpan impersonation. Brown's reaction upon receiving the gift was surprising:

It was really expensive champagne, but it had Madonna spit in it! 

According to Brown, she drank the bottle.

Writers Guild of America, USA 
1993  Won WGA Award (TV) Variety - Musical, Award, Tribute, Special Event Julie Brown Charlie Coffey  
