For uncounted years, DeathSpank has been a Dispenser of Justice, a Vanquisher of Evil, and a Hero to the Downtrodden. DeathSpank has long searched for a powerful artifact called...The Artifact. 

Forged by unknown hands for unknown purposes some unknown time in the past, The Artifact is now within DeathSpank’s reach. But what is The Artifact and what evil tyrant seeks to steal it and how are he and DeathSpank related?

KEY FEATURES:

★ The Epic Humor of Ron Gilbert – Ron Gilbert brings his hilarious brand of witty humor and ridiculous dialog to a whole new genre in one of the most epic stories ever told involving a hero and his quest to find The Artifact.
★ Two-Player Local “Sidekick” Co-op – Recruit a friend to fight by your side as your heroic sidekick and work your way together through hellacious dungeons and a mysterious land. Local co-op requires a controller for the second player.
★ Explore a Massive World – The world of DeathSpank is massive and full of tons of unique and hilarious characters, dangerous foes, diverse landscapes, and chickens...lots of chickens.
★ Find and Collect Hundreds of Weapons, Unique Items, and Armor Pieces – Collect hundreds of weapons, armor pieces, and unique items (have you ever collected unicorn poop, or used a chicken launcher?) during your heroic journey and use them to customize your character’s abilities and inventory.

***Player reported issues:

If you are having problems interacting with objects to use them, please ensure you have turned on right-mouse clicking in system mouse preferences. Example: "I keep clicking the bowl and nothing happens. The same goes for the Spooky Fountain and the bucket." In such cases, you need to be able to right-click on the object.

Minimum Requirements

OS: Mac OS X v10.6 or greater
Processor: Intel
CPU Speed: 1.8 GHz
Memory: 1.5 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 2 GB free disk space
Video Card: ATI Radeon x1900 or better / NVIDIA 8600M or better
Video Memory (VRAM): 128 MB or higher

* To play with a controller, the controller must be active before you start the game. This is even necessary if your save file 
was originally created with a controller. 

* Third party drivers are required to play this game using Xbox 360 controllers.