Call or Duty
As a first-person shooter, Call of Duty places the player in control of an infantry soldier who makes use of various authentic World War II firearms in combat. Each mission features a series of objectives which are marked on the heads-up display's compass; the player must complete all objectives to advance to the next mission. The player can save and load at any time, rather than the checkpoint system utilized in later Call of Duty games.
The player has two primary weapon slots, a handgun slot and can carry up to eight grenades (all of the later Call of Duty games feature only two weapon slots; a sidearm will fill one of these slots). Weapons may be exchanged with those found on the battlefield dropped by dead soldiers. Unlike later Call of Duty games, the first allows the player to toggle between different firing modes (single shot or automatic fire). Call of Duty was one of the early first-person shooters to feature iron sights in gameplay; by pressing the corresponding key the player aims down the actual sights on the gun for increased accuracy. In addition to weapons carried by the player, mounted machine guns and other fixed weapon emplacements are controllable by the player.
The game uses a standard health points system, with a limited amount of health reflected by a health bar. Medkits scattered throughout the levels are used to restore health when the player is injured. This contrasts with all subsequent Call of Duty games in which there is no health bar and the player's health recharges when not taking fire.
Call of Duty also featured "shellshock" (not to be confused with the psychological condition of the same name): when there is an explosion near the player, he momentarily experiences simulated tinnitus, appropriate sound "muffling" effects, blurred vision, and the action moves slower.
As the focus of the game is on simulation of the actual battlefield, the gameplay differs from many single-player shooters of the time. The player moves in conjunction with allied soldiers rather than alone; allied soldiers will assist the player in defeating enemy soldiers and advancing but the player is given charge of completing certain objectives. The game places heavy emphasis on usage of cover, suppressive fire, and grenades. AI-controlled soldiers will take cover behind walls, barricades, and other obstacles when available.



UNITED OFFENSIVE
The game features single-player missions centered around the three major Allied forces of World War II: the United States as Cpl. Scott Riley, the United Kingdom as Sgt. James Doyle and the Soviet Union as Pvt. Yuri Petrenko. The game also includes historical battles, such as the Battle of the Bulge, Battle of Kursk, and the Invasion of Sicily. A minor deviation from the original game is a bombing mission in which the player mans several M2 Browning machine guns. Several new abilities are added to the game as well, including the ability to actually deploy light machine guns, use flamethrowers, to sprint; which makes the character run faster but at the cost of not being able to fire their weapon, and the ability to "cook" grenades (allowing the fuse to burn somewhat before throwing the grenade).
The biggest changes made by United Offensive are in the multiplayer aspect of the game. There are new maps which are much larger than the ones in the original game, new weapons from the single player campaign, an in-game rank system which grants additional bonuses with more points, and vehicles such as tanks and jeeps.


Call of Duty Minimum System Requirements
3D hardware accelerator card required - 100% DirectX 9.0b compatible 32MB hardware T&L-capable video card and latest drivers*
English version of Microsoft Windows 98/ME/2000/XP
Pentium III 600MHz or Athlon 600MHz processor or higher for systems with Windows 98/ME
Pentium III 700MHz or Athlon 700MHz processor or higher for systems with Windows 2000/XP
128MB RAM
8x speed CD-ROM drive (1200KB/sec sustained transfer rate) and latest drivers
1.4GB of uncompressed free hard disk space (plus 400MB for Windows 98/ME swap file, 600MB for Windows 2000/XP swap file)
100% DirectX 9.0b compatible 16-bit sound card and latest drivers
100% Windows 98/ME/2000/XP compatible mouse, keyboard and latest drivers



Write down or copy these serials ,they aren't on the disc

 Call of Duty cdkey:U8W2 GHWX 2EEK S8PE BD24
United offensive cdkey:NDTD 43WU Z77N RHHX E96C        


Install Instructions
[*]This is a four cd set.(2 for COD and 2 for United Offensive)[*]First mount or burn image using something like power iso or daemon tools.[*]Install(setup.exe)or run COD disc 1,then it will prompt for disc2 [*]Mount disc2 over disc1, or insert disc2.[*]Use the serials from above[*]United Offensive installs the same,exept before playing it,there is a crack for it inside the disc1 of United Offensive.[*]After install copy the crack content over the one in your program files[*]Then play
Enjoy and please seed!
