-
http:// www .Speed. Cd        thanks for supporting with server cost,  
http:// www .Speed. Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ......

-       
     
     
                   
         
             
         
         
         
                   
              
                 
             
                       
             
             
             
        
          
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
                           
              
              
              
     
        
          
      ....    
      .    
      .    
          
        
     
                                                           
                Cathode Ray Terrorists Proudly Bring you...            
                                                                       
     

      Burnistoun.S02E01.WS.PDTV.XviD-CaRaT

     

      UK Air Date     04/Apr/11
      Release Date    05/Apr/11
      Channel         BBC1
      Genre           Comedy
      Source          PDTV
      Video Format    XviD 608x336 25.000 fps 990 Kbps
      Audio Format    VBR MP3 130 Kbps 48.0 KHz
      Duration        00:28:51.920
      Filesize        232 MB

     
     Description...                                                  
                                                       

      A brand new series of the sketch show set in a fictional
      Scottish location that's strangely familiar. In this episode,
      Paul and Walter have trouble dealing with a customer's unlikely
      order, Peter and Scott try out some unusual exercise machines at
      the gym, and Jolly Boy John is once again 'for real' in another
      video filmed in his bedroom. Joining the regulars are
      12-year-old boys, Marky and Rosso who create mayhem in the
      cinema, and self-proclaimed quality police team, McGregor and
      Toshan inadvertently leave their own incriminating marks all
      over a crime scene. Plus, the infuriated racehorse takes revenge
      on a disappointed punter, the blossoming love affair between two
      Kenny Rogers impersonators, and how a wee wardrobe terrified a
      whole community.
      
     
                                                      Group Notes...
        We are looking for:                           
                                                                     
      .EU Affil sites, NO COLO/RENTED.                              
                                                                     
      Retail TV dvds before the retail date.                        
                                                                     
      Can't get in contact with us? There's probably a reason.       
                                                                     
     
               Greets: iNGOT KYR PFa SYS watbath WATERS             x