 
http://bayimg.com/NalNOAADk

Iluzija  (2004) 

Mirage
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0368962/

Macedonian language with English subtitles

  Vlado Jovanovski  ...  Lazo / Marko's Father  
  Marko Kovacevic  ...  Marko  
  Jordanco Cevrevski  ...  Neighbor (as Danco Cerveski)  
  Elena Mosevska  ...  Angja / Marko's Mother (as Elena Mose)  
  Slavica Manaskova  ...  Fanny / Marko's Sister  
  Mustafa Nadarevic  ...  Teacher  
  Martin Jovchevski  ...  Levi (as Martin Jovcevski)  

Mirage (Macedonian transliterated Iluzija) is a 2004 Macedonian drama film starring Vlado Jovanovski, Mustafa Nadarevic, Nikola Ðuricko, and Dejan Acimovic, with Marko Kovacevic debuting in its lead role. It was directed by Svetozar Ristovski, who co-wrote the film with Grace Lea Troje. Taking place in the city of Veles, the film is a coming-of-age story about a talented but abused schoolboy who is betrayed by illusory hopes of a better future and transformed by harsh circumstances into a criminal. It offers a grim depiction of post-independence Macedonia, portraying it as a site of violence and corruption.

Iluzija was Ristovski's feature debut as a director. Following its release in Canada and the United States, it was well-received by most critics, who have generally praised the film for its uncompromising realism and lead actor's performance. It won Best Feature Film during the 2005 Anchorage International Film Festival and was nominated for the Tokyo Grand Prix during the 2004 Tokyo International Film Festival.

Svetozar Ristovski intended the film to be a coming-of-age story about a boy's transition from childhood to adolescence in contemporary Macedonia. As part of this coming-of-age process, the protagonist Marko spends much of the film searching for paternal figures such as Paris and his teacher to compensate for his father's inadequacies and become alternative role models for him. The mysterious Paris, in particular, functions as a wish-fulfilment "mirage" for Marko.
 
Paris' bullet doubles as a white pawn in Marko's chess set.Ristovski also intended the film to portray social conditions in post-independence Macedonia, depicting it as a society plagued by anomie, violence and corruption. He saw these conditions as part of a larger regional unease whose history included civil conflict in former Yugoslav territories. Critics have similarly interpreted the film as an allegory of these social and regional concerns. In this context, Marko's transition from victimhood to criminality embodies the cycle of violence endemic in such conditions, while his failed hopes serve as a cautionary warning against the dangers of empty idealism in such situations. One critic saw Paris' bullet in Marko's chess set as a metaphor for the threat of violence ever-present in their world.
 
Paris and Marko share a moment in the train graveyard.The film contains much train imagery, depicting the city of Veles as a railway setting. According to Ristovski, this railway motif was incorporated into the film for visual and dramatic reasons. In the latter case, it embodies a predicament in which the railway stands for Macedonia's geographical status as an important regional crossroads, but in which opportunities offered by this status are simultaneously hindered by extensive travel restrictions during Macedonia's post-independence years. Ristovski saw Marko's story as a dramatization of that predicament: "[Many people] see these trains that are going up and down, but they can't get on any of those trains. They can't really get out of their place, their country, their town." One critic saw Marko's train graveyard (see figure on the left) as a metaphor for the hopelessness of his particular story: "there are tracks everywhere but no hope of transport."

From Macedonia comes Svetozar Ristovski’s raw, visceral drama “Mirage” about a 12-year-old named Marko who is living the worst of all worlds. His family life if a hell – a drunken father, a cold mother and an insulting slut of an older sister – and his school environment is ruled by bullies who shake down weaker students for money. A rare ray of hope comes in the chance to participate in a pan-European poetry contest being held in Paris, yet Marko’s opportunity for literary success seems futile amid the chaos and cruelty around him.

“Mirage” is not, by any stretch, a pleasant film to endure. In fact, its harshness may agitate those who are not used to such a bleak depiction of life. Ristovski’s vision of a sensitive child systematically destroyed by a climate of hostility is both a dramatic indictment of emotional abuse and a deft attempt to parlay an allegory on the state of today’s tumultuous Macedonian society (although the latter concept may be lost on those unfamiliar with the happenings of that still-unstable Balkan republic).

The true power of the film comes from young Marko Kovacevic, who plays the poetic child lost in a family and culture where poetry has no meaning. With his haunting gaze and enigmatic presence, he is a marvelous young actor who essays his point with an uncommon grace and power. His remarkable performance will resonate with those who are fortunate to encounter this disturbing and highly original film.

In a bildungsroman, a story of childhood swelling into maturity, the general rule is that they end well. But a kunstleroman, that of an artist’s maturation, typically goes as far as possible in the opposite direction. Both generally end with characters learning to accept their society, but the artist’s understanding seldom fails to be a pitilessly bleak outlook. Twelve-year-old Marko (Marko Kovacevic) reaches that stage of disappointment and malcontent in just about a month. 

It seems like writer/director Svetozar Ristovski wanted to make a critical film about the lasting cultural impact of Yugoslavian fragmentation in Macedonia, where Mirage is set. But there’s something universal about a boy coming to terms with his socioeconomic reality, as extreme as Marko’s may be. As a way out of his present miseries, Marko begins to believe his budding creative spirit can help him escape his self-destructive family (a drunken father, a despondent mother, and an abusive sister) by taking him to Paris for a poetry competition. But disappointment after disappointment teaches him otherwise – and being known to all the school’s gun-toting adolescents as “the poet” certainly doesn’t help. Shadowed by his growing awareness of the surrounding corruption and hypocrisy, Marko realizes that being told that his success as a student and patriotic poet will take him far is as comforting a pipedream as his father’s nightly gambling habits.

