Soul Sex Excerpts.pdf.[J-William]

Preface
Late Autumn 1987
It was the early days of our romance. In Ottawa on a clandestine
lovers’ weekend, we spent most of the time in our hotel room greedily
exploring each other. Late Saturday night, we lay side by side breathing
deeply, our sweat soaked bodies flung wide, gathering ourselves for
another round of life’s most joyous dance. I stretched my leg so that my
toes rested on Al’s instep. As my skin touched his, electric pulses raced
through me, from my toes through my legs and groin, all the way up to
my head and back down. On the outside, I was barely moving. My body
was a lacy ribbon waving lazily on a light summer breeze. Inside, it was as
if the entire lava load of an erupting volcano were surging through my
veins at incredible velocity. Every fiber of my being was shot through with
light, like a time-lapse photo of car headlamps beaming down a dark
roadway. I closed my eyes and let the blaze run. The familiar blackness
behind my eyelids became a deep blue, vast, open, and welcoming. Huge
purple orbs floated by, amethyst geodes trailing light. I lay in ecstatic
wonder marveling at the beauty and the glory.
When I moved my foot away from Al’s, breaking the spell of our
connection, the flowing stopped. When I touched him again, it recommenced.
Experimenting, I touched our bodies together at different
spots—finger to nipple, hip to thigh, forehead to forehead. Each joining
made a bridge for the transporting energy stream. My heart opened.
Love poured in with the fire. The laughter of bliss rose up from its flames.
Unable to speak, I could only keen trilling “ohs” into the night. Like a
kiss from God, the merging came, a melting into Al, the room, the city.
I was All, and All was rapture. When daylight found us, I was still flying
high on love’s ardent wings.
“What was that? Where did it come from? Do you think we can do
it again?”
“Probably. I think what we experienced was something I have heard
about called Tantra,” replied Al, my new lover, my seeker of enlightenment,
and explorer of all things spiritual.
We set off for the nearest bookstore to find out more about this
mysterious Tantra. It was the beginning of a journey that has wrought
extraordinary change in our lives, brought us ecstatic pleasure and intimate
connection, and freed our hearts and awakened our spirits. It is a
journey that continues...........


download to read

seed! seed! seed!	

kick ass torrent http://www.kat.ph/user/j-william/	