The Fat Flush Fitness Plan Book
 

Mc G - H | 256 pages | English | 2003 | ISBN: 0071423125 | PDF |

The Perfect Fitness Plan for Low-Carb Dieters!
Author Ann Louise Gittleman's Fat Flush Plan revolutionized weight loss for millions of men and women 
by pioneering a low carbohydrate, detoxifying diet plan that pares the pounds while it conditions the body 
for long term health.
Now Gittleman has teamed up with noted fitness guru Joanie Greggains to lead the pack for another first: 
The Fat Flush Fitness Plan, which constitutes the only major diet brand that includes a total fitness guide 
companion. The perfect fitness plan for low carb dieters, The Fat Flush Fitness Plan, introduces the concept 
of detox fitness by providing an inside-out-body workout that targets the lymphatic system, the key to 
dramatic improvement of the skin's connective tissue resulting in smoother, sleeker skin and more supple 
tone. Overlooked and ignored by every other fitness program on the market today, the lymphatic system
is a vital part of the circulatory system that also eliminates waste, flushes fat, and most importantly 
provides the foundation for immunity. This is why The Fat Flush Fitness Plan features rebounding 
(or bouncing on a mini-trampoline) as the basis for the exercise regimen.
Building on a three-phase core program that also incorporates the best elements of cardio- strength 
training, yoga, and stretching, The Fat Flush Fitness Plan is specifically designed to correspond with each 
detoxification/weight loss/maintenance phase of the Fat Flush Plan. In addition to increasing energy, 
flexibility and strength, you'll discover how to:
* Lose weight faster from those trouble spots-especially that tummy fat
* Significantly reduce the appearance of cellulite
* Sculpt your hips, waist and thighs with no hanging skin
* Build calorie burning muscle mass to increase metabolism
* Create better balance and coordination
* Bolster the immune system by optimizing lymphatic flow and drainage 
The lymph is specifically addressed through the integrated three phase program which includes lifestyle 
healthy habits such as deep breathing, lymphatic massage, dry skin brushing and aroma therapy baths 
which utilize fragrant and therapeutic essential oils that help to decongest and keep the lymph moving. 
Joanie created a unique workout called the Lymph-Fit/Compound Strength and Stretching which further 
enhances the program.
By reading personal anecdotes from fellow Fat Flushers, motivational tidbits, easy to read charts and personal 
success stories, you'll be motivated to continue on your journey to a healthier mind and body…for life.
Used in conjunction with The Fat Flush Plan and The Fat Flush Cookbook, The Fat Flush Fitness Plan offers a 
fresh approach to health and weight loss with new insights and a blueprint for total health.