 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1247637/

Above Suspicion is a TV series based on Lynda La Plante's novels "Above Suspicion" and "The Red Dahlia" and "Deadly Intent". It stars Kelly Reilly and Ciarán Hinds. It features the career of La Plante's latest heroine DC Anna Travis. The first series, Above Suspicion, was shown on the fourth and fifth of January 2009; the second series, Above Suspicion: The Red Dahlia, was shown on the fourth, fifth and sixth of January 2010. The third series, Above Suspicion: Deadly Intent, was shown on the third, fourth and fifth of January 2011.


Series 1
-Above Suspicion
This two-part series follows rookie DC Anna Travis. Anna is assigned to her first homicide case; a string of grisly murders that have gone unsolved for the past eight years. The discovery of a new victim, who doesn't fit the usual profile of prostitute or drug user, causes concern that the killer may be indiscriminately targeting his victims. Eager to prove herself, Travis uncovers a vital piece of evidence linking one man to all the killings. But things get complicated when she finds herself attracted to the prime suspect...

Series 2
-The Red Dahlia
A young girl dumped on the banks of the Thames. Horrifically mutilated and drained of blood, her death is an ominous mirror image of an unsolved 1940s case in Los Angeles known as "The Black Dahlia". Detective Inspector Anna Travis must race against time to catch this copycat killer, dubbed "The Red Dahlia" from the flower his victim wore in her hair. But there are no suspects and a media frenzy is spiralling out of control.

Series 3
-Deadly Intent
A man kills the surgeon who has just changed his face. The team investigates a shooting at a drug dealer's den on a seedy estate, which soon links in to one of the "FBI Most Wanted", a drug dealer who disappeared over ten years ago.... Kelly Reilly, Ciarán Hinds, Celyn Jones, Amanda Lawrence and Shaun Dingwall all reprise their respective roles, with Ray Fearon, Robbie Gee and Andrew Woodall also starring.


Enjoy and Seed!!