Plus Loin Music: PL4510 (distribution: Harmonia Mundi) 
http://store.harmoniamundi.com/aratta-rebirth-red-hail.html

* Tigran Hamasyan: piano, fender Rhodes, nord electro keybord, fantom x8 synthesizer
* Areni Agbabian: vocals
* Nate Wood: drums
* Ben Wendel: soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone, bassoon, melodica
* Sam Minaie: acoustic bass, electric bass
* Charles Altura: guitar (tracks 3, 7 and 11)

About Tigran Hamasyan: 
http://nextbop.com/tigranhamasyan/822 
http://www.tigranhamasyan.com/

Reviews
~~~~~~~ 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/aratta-rebirth-r1538649
by Michael G. Nastos

Emerging keyboardist Tigran Hamasyan is truly a virtuoso performer who minces no
musical words, and never holds back on his immense talent. Aratta Rebirth is his
second release as a leader, in this case with the group dubbed Red Hail,
embracing his Middle Eastern heritage, playing modern jazz based on folk tunes
that stretch far beyond their origins. With vocalist Areni Agbabian, Hamasyan
somehow conjures up whirling dervish motifs that stagger the imagination while
also retaining a soulful quality that suggests seductive late-night scenarios in
smoke-filled rooms laced with immediate sexual pleasure references. But it's
only marginally about the act of intertwining, and more about the catalyst and
spark that start fires burning, for Hamasyan's acoustic and electric piano
playing is a long fuse that eventually incites the explosive music. Saxophonist
Ben Wendel and drummer Nate Wood are kindling for the roaring flames, with
bassist Sam Minale chopping up underlying lines that keep the excited heat
stoked and nourished. There's some stunning music here, starting with the bold
inventions of the opening track, "Shogher Jan," an adapted Armenian folk song
turned into a fiery discourse between Hamasyan's impressively fast and
spontaneous spiky, complex piano lines and the sidled voice of Agbabian stewed
in many mixed meters. The title track is a rock-hard, edgy fusion, loud and
ultra-kinetic; "Falling" is similar in beat with some insane Arabic or East
Indian scatting and a modal jazz segment; while "The Awakening of Mher" is also
rocked out via Hamasyan's Fender Rhodes, the electric guitar of Charles Altura,
and Wendel's tenor sax. Six consecutive tracks include Wendel on soprano sax and
bassoon, including the serene "Love Song," the piercing "Sibylla" (which is the
basis for the following piece, "Corrupt"), and the two-part "Serpentine" and
"Moneypulated" (starting as a brash electronica-based minimalist directive and
merging into Hamasyan's pleasant, echoed Rhodes sans bass). The most innately
busy piece is "The Glass-Hearted Queen," soulful and busy within a kinetic form
with Agbabian's wordless vocals, all wrapped in a 9/8 rhythm. Tigran Hamasyan is
as impressive as any relatively new piano voice like Eldar Djangirov, Vijay
Iyer, or Taylor Eigsti, playing a lot of notes and exhaustive in his
concept. This recording, with its world and ethnic fusion approach, sets him
apart from the rest, and like similar artists Rami Khalife and Fahir Atakoglu,
establishes new standards, raising the bar very high for new music, while
Hamasyan plays in a league of his own.

Red Hail 
http://www.citizenjazz.com/Tigran-Hamasyan-Aratta-Rebirth.html
Par Diane Gastellu (fr)