 http://www.aedes.us/i10/VKAzw.jpg


How to Write a Thesis, 3 edition

Open University Press 
Rowena Murray
2011 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 0335244289 
346 pages 
PDF 
1.33 MB

This book has become a trusted resource for students from a wide range of disciplinary backgrounds. Not only does it take you through the steps and stages of thesis writing, but more importantly, it offers rich advice and support that helps build confidence, sets up effective writing habits and generates a positive orientation towards the complex task of thesis writing."
Professor Sarah Moore, Associate Vice President Academic, University of Limerick, Ireland
I've found Rowena's shrewd and insightful suggestions for writing helpful, not only for others but also for me."
Peter Elbow, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, USA
This book is a brilliant resource for all doctoral students to help guide them through the completion of their doctoral thesis. The book develops students’ confidence and motivates them to start the writing process."
Emma Jackson,Second Year PhD Student, University of Worcester, UK
Providing down-to-earth guidance to help students shape their theses, Rowena Murray offers valuable advice and practical tips and techniques. Useful summaries and checklists help students to stay on track or regain their way.
Moving beyond the basics of thesis writing, the book introduces practical writing techniques such as freewriting, generative writing and binge writing. Issues such as working out the criteria for your thesis, writer's block, writing a literature review and making notes into a draft are also covered.

New to this edition:
New introduction by students - 'How I used this book'
Update on doctoral skills set and Training Needs Analysis
Extended treatment of plagiarism - and how to avoid it
Expanded section on students' well-being
Learning outcomes for each chapter




 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51f2n4ceyYL._SS500_.jpg


Peas and Thank You: Simple Meatless Meals the Whole Family Will Love 

Publisher: Harlequin 
Sarah Matheny
 English
2011 
ISBN: 0373892403 
421 Pages
PDF 
8.80 MB

When Sarah Matheny, creator of the popular blog Peas and Thank You, decided to eliminate animal products from her diet, she knew there’d be skeptics. Her husband was raised on the standard American diet. Her grandpa was a butcher. Her mom was the best home cook around, with a generous pat of butter here and a crumble of bacon there. But now Sarah is a mom who wants to feed her children right. Great recipe book with subtitle “Simple Meatless Meals the Whole Family Will Love”.





 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51dzQ335bVL._SS500_.jpg


Powered by Happy: How to Get and Stay Happy at Work (Boost Performance, Increase Success, and Transform Your Workday)


Sourcebooks 
Beth Thomas
2010 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1402226969 
249 pages
PDF 
2.08 MB

The only pocket-sized book packed with ways to boost not only workplace happiness, but also your-and your company's-performance
Research has shown that employee happiness improves the bottom line, but how can a time-crunched, stressed-out employee wedge in a little joy? Instrumental for anyone working, whether in a cubicle or a corner office, Powered by Happy offers a quick hit of optimism for the workday, which will help your career.
Employee engagement expert Beth Thomas has crafted a powerful little book filled with upbeat coaching, practical advice, and proven techniques.
Powered by Happy provides a step by step, tip by tip strategy for figuring out what gives us joy and how to create an environment in which we can find it-all day, every day, in any situation, no matter what challenges we face."
Larry Israelite, talent management executive
Here is a practical collection of strategies and approaches that will support and enliven the lives of employees and managers."
Elliott Masie, chair, The Learning Consortium
Look hard into the mirror, be honest with yourself, follow Beth's advice, and become more productive and honestly happy!"
Steven M. Lyman, vice-president, American Eagle Outfitters


[/color][/quote][/b]