Dark N Gritty 2.0 (70 USD)


Foxhound’s Dark n\' Gritty is built for bands looking for something to be as gritty as their tunes. Whether you\'re the next Gallows, August Burns Red, or erm...Metallica—this theme’s got what you need. It comes in 4 different colours (Turquoise, Blue, Red, Green), the ability to upload your own promo pic into the header, and link to your other social media hubs. Now includes a slider, updated social media icons functionality, GigPress stying, and many other improvements!


What Can I Do With It?


Display tour dates, sell your merch, upload high quality mp3s, blog to your fans, recruit them to your newsletter so you can hound ‘em wherever they are, embed your social media links, link Twitter and Facebook feeds to your homepage & build as many pages as you could possibly want—all customized to match your band. Buy the theme for just $70 and get started now.


FEATURES:


Wordpress 3.2+ Ready

All of our themes are built to run on the world’s greatest content management system and Wordpress doesn’t cost a dime. That means your website will work as well as it looks.

Install a Facebook Like & Feed Widget

Integrate your Facebook and Twitter account in a matter of seconds. Make it easy for your fans to find and like you on Facebook!

Upload Your Own MP3s or embed SoundCloud

MySpace is dying a painfully, slow death. No problem. Upload your own songs to your website or SoundCloud and post them to your sidebar, pages, blogs, etc. in high-quality bit-rate.

You Can Blog Your Heart Out

Everyone loves reading about what their favourite band is doing. Just make sure to leave out what drama happened in the van last night – this isn’t LiveJournal.

Link to All of Your Social Media

A social media selector that will link out to your favourite social media hubs like SoundCloud, ReverbNation, Tumblr, iLike, Myspace, iTunes, Purevolume, Twitter, Youtube, Facebook, and more. There are a ton of social media sites these days – make your website the hub for all of them.

Easily Edit The Content & Menus

You don’t need to be web savvy to update and control your website. Easily add new menus, content, pages, image galleries, whatever your band needs.

Install Gigpress, a Tour & Concerts Calender

A super easy to use concerts widget is available for you to use and we\'ve styled it to look amazing. And it’s not a pain to add shows like most other event managers.
Install a Youtube Player

Upload videos to your Youtube account and the latest video will be shown on the sidebar. Keep it fresh by uploading to Youtube from the road.


Install a Newsletter Sign-Up

RSS only reaches a certain type of user. The best way to make sure everybody remembers about your upcoming tour or CD release is by blasting them with emails.
