File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:32

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 7320 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.12 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"We R Who We R" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha, from her first extended play (EP), Cannibal. The song was released as the EP's lead single on October 22, 2010. It was written by Kesha, with Dr. Luke, Benny Blanco and Ammo who also produced the song. Kesha was inspired to write the song in the wake of news that bullying had led to multiple suicides of gay youth. Hence the message of the song is to inspire people to be themselves, a celebration of anyone deemed quirky or eccentric.

Critical reception of "We R Who We R" has been generally positive. Although it was criticized for not being particularly different from Kesha's previous work, critics still felt that the song was a strong dance-pop number, that combined strong beats with an inspiring message filled with genuine humor. "We R Who We R" debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, making it the seventeenth song in the chart's history to do so. "We R Who We R" also reached the top five in Canada and New Zealand as well as number one in Australia. The charting of the song gave Kesha her fifth consecutive top ten hit in the United States, Canada and Australia.

The music video for "We R Who We R" was directed by Hype Williams. The video was filmed in downtown Los Angeles. Kesha explained the idea behind the video as well as the experience during an interview with MTV News, She explained that the video was different from her other videos noting that it was going to show a sexier side of herself, she elaborated, "This video is a little bit 'sexy time". "[For] this video, I kinda thought, 'I should be blowing things up, So we closed down downtown Los Angeles and, I mean, I'm not going to give away all of it, but I do blow some stuff up."

The music video is presented as an underground party. The video starts off with futuristic flashing lights, Kesha, seen wearing a ponytail and sparkled leotard, walks through a tunnel with fellow party goers, the scene features explosions amongst the background and drag races. Close-up beauty shots of Kesha show her wearing eyebrows complete with actual studs, and her glitter eye makeup. As cars zoom by the video the transitions into a new location at a different party. Midway through the party Kesha changes outfits, now wearing an American-flag top and pink hot pants. As the songs hook kicks in Kesha is seen standing on the edge of a building, the music stops and Kesha stage jumps backwards off of the buildings rooftop. She is subsequently caught by the party goes beneath her and the music starts back. The final scenes of the video show Kesha dancing among the party goers on the rooftop smiling while singing "We R Who We R".

Jocelyn Vena from MTV News noted that the video makes a departure from Kesha's previous music videos in which humor is usually present, she wrote the video shows a "darker and sexier" side of the songstress. Tanner Stransky from Entertainment Weekly was positive in the review of the video. Stransky commented on the songs lyrical inspiration noting the video doesnt follow the same message, not citing that as a negative but instead writing, "it doesn’t so much inspire self esteem as much as it inspires just a plain ol’, trashy, Ke$ha-ed out good time. Code word: party!". The review was ended quoting a line from the song, "There’s not much too it. But do we still love it? In a direct quote from Ke$ha’s “We R Who We R,” “yes, of course we does!”".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
