Young.Ripe.Mellons.10.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-FLESHLiGHT

Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=3uoctsxm1p11bp6ol5c0.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=tbd5e6ckirwaa8ebpgcx.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=9zxpdq1p0dksjogqx9z6.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=pe28kc75cxn9dl5v2d9p.jpg


Introducing 38C "Video Virgin" Amber Alexis
YES They Are Real!

The All NATURAL Breasted Franchise Returns!

Fresh Off The Porn Cherry Bus from Michigan is 22 year old (38C) Video Virgin Amber Alexis, and Yes they are Real! Amber Loves Oral Sex and Swallowing, she is very eager to Get her Porn Cherry POPPED! I call Mr. Pete for the De-Virginizing! While she is getting pounded Amber's eyes tell the story. Dick drunk in seconds of being penetrated Amber brings it to you…a must see!
Amber also shows Vince Vouyer her appreciation for her Video Debut opportunity in the DVD extras.

36D Teen Lizzy London shows off her natural rack and silver dollar size ariola's. Lizzy loves the way a guy's cock gets hard and the head pulses. Chris Strokes gives her some hard throbbing cock straight in her mouth. After several mellon shaking positions and deep throating Chris blows a huge load all over Lizzy's face and tits.

36C Esperanza Diaz the 23 year old Spanish speaking nympho packing the rack and a booty slowly seduces Vince Vouyer into fucking her POV style so Vince goes Gringo on her!... Esperanza brings the sexual prowess only a true Latina can deliver.. if you like the Hispanic Girls you will Love Esperanza.. In Esperanza's own words (the cat needs some milk ), so Vince happily drops a quart on her...

34D Victoria Rae Black needs no Introduction...Victoria is a self -proclaimed CUM Dumpster and president of the Finger Bang Committee. She wants to be called nasty things like dirty little cum dumpster, go figure.. she loves to swallow man juice and playing with Ball Sacks and wow what a rack . 5' 9" tall about 105 lbs with a huge 34D plus rack.

34C Holly Michaels has the perfect body...21 years young, perfect ass, tits, skin and the best sexual appetite .. Holly Gives Ass Clapping a whole new meaning. I know this is a breast niche movie but I had a hard time ignoring the BOOTY .. It's STUPID!!!!! Holly Has 1 wish, to get A Mushroom Tip Bruise on her Face from a Dick Smack .. I mention she may need King Kong for that wish to come true, so she asks which jungle to look in? Holly Takes on Chris Strokes for a good ole Ass Fuck. Chris oils down Holly from boobs to butt and wow what a performance. Holly is in a class of her own...

Cast: Amber Alexis, Holly Michaels, Victoria Rae Black
Esperanza Diaz, Lizzy London


