Electrical codes, standards, recommended practices and regulations can be complex subjects, yet are essential in both electrical design and life safety issues.

This book demystifies their usage.

It is a handbook of codes, standards, recommended practices and regulations in the United States involving electrical safety and design. Many engineers and electrical safety professionals may not be aware of all of those documents and their applicability. This book identifies those documents by category, allowing the ready and easy access to the relevant requirements. Because these documents may be updated on a regular basis, this book was written so that its information is not reliant on the latest edition or release of those codes, standards, recommended practices or regulations.

No single document on the market today attempts to not only list the majority of relevant electrical design and safety codes, standards, recommended practices and regulations, but also explain their use and updating cycles. This book, one-stop-information-center for electrical engineers, electrical safety professionals, and designers, does.


    * Covers the codes, standards, recommended practices and regulations in the United States involving electrical safety and design, providing a comprehensive reference for engineers and electrical safety professionals

    * Documents are identified by category, enabling easy access to the relevant requirements

    * Not version-specific; information is not reliant on the latest edition or release of the codes, standards, recommended practices or regulations

From the Back Cover

This handbook provides a quick-access guide to the labyrinth of Codes, Standards, Recommended Practices and Regulations that have to be taken into account in the design of equipment and systems for electrical power generation, transmission and distribution. It will also be useful for those involved in specifying, commissioning, installing, operating and maintaining electrical systems and equipment.

Focusing on US, Canadian and International (ISO/IEC) standards, Robert Alonzo has created a reference that will provide essential information for electrical engineers, design engineers, safety personnel, and the education sector.

As well as providing a guide through the relevant sections of key documents, Alonzo will undoubtedly introduce many engineers and electrical safety professionals to standards and recommended practices they may not be aware of.

Safety is a major focus of this book, with the author maintaining that safety considerations are pivotal to all aspects of the design and operation of electrical systems and equipment.

References and web links are provided for all the documents referenced.

Robert J. Alonzo, a registered professional electrical engineer in Metairie, Louisiana, USA, has over 40 of years' electrical engineering experience, specializing in the project management, design and analysis of electrical systems for commercial, industrial and marine projects. He is presently involved with the electrical design of offshore petroleum and windmill projects
See all Editorial Reviews
Product Details

    
    * Print Length: 512 pages
    * Publisher: William Andrew; 1 edition (January 19, 2010)