                          Warhammer.40000.Space.Marine


proudly presents
Warhammer 40000: Space Marine (c) THQ

05-10-2011........Release Date - Protection...........SteamCEG
Action...............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Step into the armor of a relentless Space Marine and use a combination
of lethal and deadly weapons to crush overwhelming alien forces.
Immerse yourself in an intense and brutally violent world based on the
richest science fiction fantasy ever created.

In Warhammer 40000 Space Marine you are Captain Titus, a Space Marine
of the Ultramarines chapter and a seasoned veteran of countless
battles.

A millions-strong Ork horde has invaded an Imperial Forge World, one of
the planet-sized factories where the war machines for humanity's never
ending battle for survival are created. Losing this planet is not an
option, but a darker and far more evil threat is lurking large in the
shadows of this world.

With an Imperial liberation fleet en-route, the Ultramarines are sent
in to hold key locations until reinforcements arrive. Captain Titus and
a squad of Ultramarine veterans use bolter and chainsword to take the
fight to the enemies of mankind.

Features:

Storm Into Battle - Step fearlessly into the heart of combat as an
unstoppable Space Marine. Never hide, never cower, just purge all that
stand in your way.

Unleash Visible Violent Death - Using an innovative new combat system,
switch seamlessly from high-caliber ranged weapons to devastating
close-combat strikes. Taking out an enemy has never been so satisfying.

Experience the dark future of Warhammer 40,000 - Jump into a rich
universe of awe-inspiring landscapes, deadly enemies, immense battles
and ruthless annihilation.

Take the Battle Online  Form your own Space Marine squad or Chaos
Space Marine warband and face off in 8 vs 8 online matches. Gain
experience and unlock new weapons and armor to customize the
Devastator, Assault, and Tactical Marine classes.

No need for Install just play!!!! =)

///Dark_Lord