PCU (1994 Comedy) Jeremy Piven, Jon Favreau, David Spade

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 2230kbps 
Duration.............: 1:20:35
Resolution...........: 848*464 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,470,783,272 
SUBTITLES............: English, Spanish
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110759/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PCU_(film)
 
http://bayimg.com/NaKlgAAdO


PCU is a 1994 comedy film. The film depicts college life at the fictional Port Chester University, and represents "an exaggerated view of contemporary college life...." The film is based on the experiences of writers Adam Leff and Zak Penn at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut.

Plot

The story involves preppy pre-freshman (pre-frosh) Tom Lawrence (Chris Young) who visits Port Chester University, a college where fraternities have been outlawed and political correctness is rampant on campus. The film makes heavy use of the political correctness movement as a comedy device.

During his visit, Tom manages to make enemies with nearly every group of students on the campus. Getting caught in an infamous "meat tossing incident" (where tubs of raw meat were dropped on a group of animal rights protesters) angers the "cause-heads" (the name given to a group of students who jump from cause to cause protesting), and while taking a short cut through the computer lab, he trips over the power cords and accidentally crashes all the computers, angering all the people working on their thesis papers.

During his visit, Tom also gets in the middle of the war between "The Pit" and "Balls and Shaft", two rival groups on campus. The latter group (officially known as "The Order of Balls and Shaft") is a parody of the Skull and Bones secret society and conservative fraternities in general. Among its members is Rand McPherson (David Spade), who, with the other Balls and Shaft members, want the outlawed Greek system to return. Meanwhile, members of "The Pit", a party-frat which split from Balls and Shaft years ago, currently led by James "Droz" Andrews (Jeremy Piven)& living in the dilapidated former Balls and Shaft frat house(the eponymous "Pit"), just want everyone to get along. The movie is in part about the battle between Droz and Rand.

Besides Balls and Shaft, the other great nemeses of The Pit are a radical feminist group on campus known as the Womynists, and the college president, Ms. Garcia-Thompson (Jessica Walter), who is obsessed with enforcing "sensitivity awareness" and multiculturalism to the point where she proposes that Bisexual Asian Studies should have its own building (ousting either mathematics or hockey). The Womynists' entire world view revolves around a paranoia about rape culture and all things phallic, and they are known to hold protests at parties chanting "hey hey, ho ho, this penis party's got to go!" Ms. Garcia-Thompson conspires with Balls and Shaft to get The Pit, their mutual nemesis, kicked off campus, giving Rand control of the house.

The Pit responds by throwing a party to raise funds to pay off their debts and keep their house. The Womynists take offense to The Pit's flyers advertising the party, and hold a protest outside. The party at first appears to be a failure. However, a series of unlikely events results in George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic performing at the party. Students begin streaming in and the party successfully raises the funds to keep the house.

After Garcia-Thompson decides to throw The Pit off campus anyway, using the history of complaints against The Pit as her reason, the members of The Pit plot their ultimate revenge at an alumni gathering the next day. They succeed in provoking the other students into an impromptu protest (ironically using the collective chant "We're not gonna protest"), causing the Board of Trustees to fire Garcia-Thompson due to her inability to control the student body.

The film ends showing Tom heading home, having decided to commit to going to PCU. As he sits on the bus, he sees Rand, who after unwittingly insulting the entire student body over the sound system of the event, is now in Tom's position at the beginning of the film being chased by the students across campus.

Cast

Jeremy Piven - James "Droz" Andrews
Chris Young - Tom Lawrence
Megan Ward - Katy
Jon Favreau - Gutter
Alex Désert - Mullaney
Gale Mayron - Cecilia
Jake Beecham - Dave #1
Darin Heames - Dave #2
Matt Ross - Raji (as Matthew Brandon Ross)
Stivi Paskoski - Deege
Jody Racicot - Pigman
Sarah Trigger - Samantha
Viveka Davis - Womynist #1
Maddie Corman - Womynist #2
David Spade - Rand McPherson
Kevin Jubinville - Carter Prescott
Jake Busey - Mersh
Jessica Walter - President Garcia Thompson
Colin Fox - Trustee #1
Larry Reynolds - Trustee #2
George Clinton - Himself