Buttman's Stretch Class 9 (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/3003469D9_Buttmans_Stretch_Class_9_dvd.htm

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  Nov 22, 2011 
Category  Anal, All Girl, Big Butts, Toy Play, Masturbation 
Director  John Stagliano 
Starring  Bridgette B, London Keys, Lea Lexis, Brooklyn Lee 


Directed By John Stagliano!

I was surprised that some students were actually willing to hold their asses apart for as long as I wanted... you know I'm sick that way!

London Keyes - Stretch 9 is possibly my best stretch ...    Full Descriptionclass if only because Audio video services did a good job and I got the administration to ignore any possible teacher abuses of power!

Brooklyn Lee - In any case, the really personal talking stuff is great. Brooklyn is not of this universe!

Lea Lexis - And I stilldon't think I have administered nearly enough discipline on Lea Lexis. But we are working in our lessons. -John 'Buttman' Stagliano

In his California studio, John 'Buttman' Stagliano hosts 'Buttman's Stretch Class 9,' an all-new semester of three courses administered to gorgeous, big-assed young ladies. His kinky students are continuously looking to improve their butt teasing skills, and to expand their horizons (and orifices) with Buttman's array of extreme toys and bizarre contraptions including clamps, giant vibrators and glass dildos. The director captures the sensual action while leading his lovely students along at a naturalistic, leisurely rhythm. They all get a fun-filled erotic education from the inventor of gonzo porn. Sultry, busty London Keyes enters class wearing a fishnet top and red sheer-to-waist pantyhose. Her teacher enjoys squeezing and binding her plump, all-natural boobs and fine ass, invading the curvy Asian knockout with big toys - not least his favorite black rubber garden gnome!

Exotic, raven-haired Latina Brooklyn Lee shows up in tight leggings and a skimpy, ripped T-shirt that barely covers her tiny tits. Buttman dangles weights from Brooklyn's labia and applies clothespins to her chest. She pulls her nipples to their limits via Buttman's ingenious, portable tit rack. Inserting several anal toys, the ambitious slut experiments with breath play, vibrates herself to orgasm and deep-throats dildos until her face is a slobbery mess. Lastly, perky blonde Lea Lexis lets the instructor sniff her sweet ass through her neon mesh leggings and teases him with her cute bare feet. The little minx undergoes severe tit bondage and gets a nasty anal workout. It leaves Lea?s butt gaping wide. 'Stretch Class' is in session! 
