1. Water Contamination Emergencies - Thompson & Gray.pdf
2. Chernobyl - What Have We Learned.pdf
3. Water and War - ICRC Response.pdf
4. Toxicity Measurements in Water Samples.pdf
5. Katadyn Water Guide EN.pdf
6. household filters
7. portable filters
8. removing chlorine... and more

Water is life and most of your body consists of it. On the material level you are a water-being, on the spiritual level you are the supreme self peeping through your soul into the material world. If you want to be healthy then the water you're made of must be healthy too. Drinking contaminated water means your body will be built up with contaminated water. The easiest way to improve your health is to improve the quality of your drinking water. Improving water means decontaminating it, putting it back to its natural state. This also means restructuring water, but we won't deal with this here since this is about emergency measures not about perfection. How can water be decontaminated? Water having been contaminated by viruses and bacteria can be purified - this is a well known fact, but what about radioactive fallout? There are several forms of radiation as a result of fallout: There is gamma radiation, neutron radiation, alpha and beta particles and there is roentgen (x-ray) radiation. 

Heating up your water in a microwave oven means exposing it to radiation. Microwave ovens shouldn't be used for heating up food because they will change food on a molecular level and this may cause cancer. However heating up water with microwave radiation seems to be acceptable. Exposing water to other forms of electromagnetic radiation i.e. different frequencies of radiation is in all likelihood harmless too. This is true for gamma radiation and x-rays too which belong to the electromagnetic spectrum. But what about alpha and beta particles? These particles should never be allowed to get inside of your body. Being exposed to this radiation externally is rather harmless since it cannot penetrate your skin, but it should never be allowed to get inside of your body and as a consequence inside of human cells. The destructive power of these particles increases proportionally to the inverted square of the distance. Alpha and beta particles inside a cell act just like a small nuclear bomb on that cell. At such a short distance the destructive power of these radioactive particles is staggering.