Last.Chance.To.See.2009.S01.1080p.BluRay.x264-AtZLIT


Stars: Stephen Fry, Mark Carwardine and Batian Craig 

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1409667/
iMDB Rating : 7/10 (71 Votes)


Twenty years after Douglas Adams and Mark Carwardine traveled the world in search of some of the most endangered animals, Stephen Fry joins Mark to retrace their journeys. 



Video : x264@L4.1; 1920x1080; 9 mbps avg; 25.000fps

Audio 1 : Russian Dub
Audio 2 : English DTS 5.1 Ch 1510 kbps



Episode List

1 Amazonian Manatee

In the opening programme, Fry and Carwardine travel to Manaus in Brazil in search of the Amazonian manatee, a large aquatic mammal. Illegal hunting has reduced manatee numbers in the wild to just a few thousand individuals.

2 Northern White Rhino

The critically endangered northern subspecies of the white rhino is the focus of the second episode. The only surviving wild population is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo's Garamba National Park.

3 Aye-Aye

The third programme is set in Madagascar, where Adams and Carwardine conceived the idea for Last Chance to See on their first travels together in 1985. In Nosy Mangabe, they encountered a wild aye-aye, a rare nocturnal lemur

4 Komodo dragon

Fry and Carwardine travel to the Malay Archipelago to seek out rare, endemic species. At Snake Island they encounter a venomous yellow-lipped sea krait, causing Fry to rue his decision to wear open-toed sandals.

5 Kakapo

The penultimate programme opens with aerial scenes of New Zealand's Southern Alps as the presenters fly in by helicopter. This was once the natural habitat of the kakapo, a critically endangered flightless parrot now confined to two offshore islands. Kakapo numbers were decimated by predators and Māori hunters, and fewer than 100 remained at the time the episode was filmed (the population is now over 120).

6 Blue Whale

The subject of the final programme was due to be the Yangtze River dolphin but sadly, Carwardine's photos from twenty years ago are now a poignant reminder of a species declared extinct in 2007. Instead, he takes Fry to the Sea of Cortez on the Pacific side of the Baja California peninsula in Mexico to search for the endangered blue whale.






