Album List:

84-86 
Adios
A Drug Against War (Single)
Agogo
Angst
Attak
Blitz
Boots (Single)
Brimborium
Brute (Single)
Don't Blow Your Top
Extra Volume 1 
Glory (Single)
Godlike (Single)
Greatest Shit
Hau Ruck
Help Us Save Us Take Us Away (Single)
Juke Joint Jezebel (Single)
Juke Joint Jezebel (The Giorgio Moroder Mixes)
Kickin' Ass (Single)
Krank (Single)
Krieg
Light (Single)
Megalomaniac (Single)
Money
Money (single)
Naive 
Naive / Days of Swine & Roses (Single)
Naive / Hell To Go 
Nihil
Opium
Retro
Ruck Zuck
Rules (Single)
Sin, Sex, & Salvation
Split (Single)
Sturm & Drang Tour 2002
Sucks (Single)
Symbols
Tohuvabohu
UAIOE
Virus (Single)
Vogue (Single)
What Do You Know Deutschland?
WTF?!
WWIII
WWIII live 2003
XTORT



Notes:  

I did not encode any of these files personally.  While on holiday this summer, severe weather destroyed my house, taking my extensive cd collection with it.  I pieced this together from about 15 different torrents as part of my digital collection reconstruction.  Because of that, there is no uniform bitrate to this torrent.  It ranges from 128 in some cases up to ~320 in others.  It's not an ideal torrent by any means, but hey, take what you can get.

Most, if not all, of the torrents I downloaded from had ATROCIOUS track tag management.  Many songs were attributed to the wrong release, or had no tags at all aside from general track name (without remix version) or album.  I did, personally, spend about 14 hours cross-referencing Wiki information and individual release information as well as listening to the actual tracks to ensure that everything got assembled correctly and the tags edited appropriately.  Of course, this is KMFDM, so there's some debate to be had about if, for example, going with the UK release of a single over the German or US release was more appropriate.  In all cases, I opted to go for the release that had the most content or the rarest content.

Each track includes the following four track tag fields:  Title, Artist, Album, and Track Number.  Multi-disc releases additionally include the Discnumber field.  The year tag is NOT included on any track as I do not care for that information in my collection.  If you do, feel free to look it up and add it yourself.  All album art was verified and/or manually added by me personally, and embedded into each individual track.  Those are the ONLY fields present in the metadata.

Lastly, this is not a complete KMFDM discography.  It is a complete studio LP discography.  Although it does include *most* singles and compilations, it does not include them all.  Nor does it include side-projects of KMFDM members.  You will NOT find Schwein, KGC, MDFMK, Slick Idiot, Escessive Force, Drill, PIG, etc etc here.

My honest recommendation is to use a client that allows you to selectively choose parts of a torrent individually and D/L only what you are missing.  This is my first torrent and I'm not claiming to be some badass torrent deity.  If you can find better, I encourage you to use it.  If you can't, then hey, here's something until you do.

And don't be a dick!!  Support the band.  A lot of this stuff is out of print, so I don't feel bad about sharing it, but give a little something back.  Go to a show and buy a shirt or buy something from the band's online store.  These guys are working hard putting out quality music.  Support it, support them.  And SEED!!!

          

          
