 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

           Download the New - \"Conspiracy Facts\" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 17 - 911 Attack Megapack  Updates pt1


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 17 - 911 Attack Megapack  Updates pt1


Description:

 The release of this megapack contains some of the latest news and documentaries peratianing to the 9/11 terror attack.  You will hear from experts in their fields discuss what is and is not true about the event and who are possibly behind the attacks.  This is the first part of a 3 or 4 megapack series on the 9/11 and 7/7 bombings.  This torrent was put together for informative purposes to educate the public on the truth surrounding these attacks and contains the following:

9 11  Explosive Evidence - Experts Speak Out AE911Truth -
The film features cutting-edge 9/11 evidence from more than 50 experts in their fields – high-rise architects, structural engineers, physicists, chemical engineers, firefighters, metallurgists, explosives experts, controlled demolition technicians, and more. They are each highly qualified. Several have Ph.D’s, including renowned scientist, Lynn Margulis who was awarded the National Medal of Science, and who exposes in this film the fraud of NIST and discusses how the scientific method should have been applied to the destruction of evidence and to the high temperature incendiaries in the WTC dust samples. The documentary is filled with wisdom from experts such as Les Young, one of several high-rise architects interviewed in the film, who remarks, “I would not have expected the whole building[s] to just give in at once. And I thought it rather odd that they fell almost perfectly – in very similar ways. It seemed odd that lightning would strike twice.”

William Cooper 9-11-01 Radio Broadcast Hour- The 9 hours It Happened - Live broadcast
William Cooper was the first who predicted the 9/11 attack in May 2001 that year.  He claimed the govt was going to falsely accuse Osama Bin Lauden as a cover-up for their own actions.  

Ret NYPD Officer Frank Serpico - American Drug War is A Lie Just Like 911 -8-19-11
Alex Jones interviews Frank Serpico, Retired NYPD officer who testified against police corruption in NY.  There was a hollywood movie made made about it starring Al Paccino.  Alex and Frank discuss the many wrongs being hidden from the public in today\'s society.




The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn\'t PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

\"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

\"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                              (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    


 

