In Game Screenshots:



S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
BRINK (c) Bethesda Softworks

10-05-2011........Release Date  Protection...............Steam
Action...............Game Type  Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Brink is an immersive first-person shooter that blends single-player
co-op, and multiplayer gameplay into one seamless experience, allowing
you to develop your character whether playing alone, with your friends
or against others online. You decide the combat role you want to assume
in the world of Brink as you fight to save yourself and mankind s last
refuge. Brink offers a compelling mix of dynamic battlefields
extensive customization options, and an innovative control system that
will keep you coming back for more

Brink takes place on the Ark, a man-made floating city that is on the
brink of all-out civil war. Originally built as an experimental
self-sufficient and 100% green habitat, the reported rapid rise of
the Earth s oceans has forced the Ark to become home to not only the
original founders and their descendants but also to thousands of
refugees. With tensions between the two groups growing, Security and
Resistance forces are locked in a heated battle for control of the Ark
bWhich side will you choose?

Features:

Not Just Another Hero Brink\'s advanced player customization offers a
near-endless combination of looks for your character allowing for the
appearance of your character to be truly unique. As you progress
through the game and acquire more experience, you ll have even more
opportunities for customization

Two Sides to Every Story Choose to fight through the single player
campaign as either a member of the Resistance or the Security and then
take your same character online to play cooperatively or competitively
against other players

Blurring the Lines Take your unique character online at any time you
choose! Brink allows you to seamlessly move between your single player
campaign, co-op with friends, and intense multiplayer action
Multiplayer takes the story online where you can play with up to seven
other people (or AI characters) cooperatively as you take on the
opposing faction or with up to 16 players competitively

Play SMART Brink uses the familiar shooter controls that you re used
to, without frustrating, artificial constraints and adds a new feature:
the SMART button. When you press the SMART button, the game dynamically
evaluates where you re trying to get to, and makes it happen. Whether
you re a seasoned FPS veteran or someone just getting started, you ll
be able to make more intelligent decisions during the fast-paced action
with SMART

Context-Sensitive Goals and Rewards - Objectives, communications
missions, and inventory selection are all dynamically generated based
on your role, your condition, your location, your squad-mates, and the
overall status of the battle in all gameplay modes. You ll always know
exactly where to go, what to do when you get there, and what your
reward will be for success

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK
CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision