MP3 Format
Disc One Running Time approx. 75 mins.
Disc Two Running Time approx. 60 mins.

Disc One of this two disc package includes the new tracks 'Calling Me Home', 'Tears' and 'Children Of The Gurindji' as well as a collection of Sara Storer's biggest hits to date - including 'Buffalo Bill', 'Back Out Back' and 'Land Cries Out'. 

Disc two features more Sara Storer hits, new recordings of 'Molly Green' and 'Star' plus live tracks and rarities. It includes brand new recordings of favourites 'Molly Green' and 'Star', Storer's version of 'Mallee Girl' plus duets with Josh Cunningham, Paul Kelly and brother Greg Storer. The live tracks include 'Dungarees' with The Sunny Cowgirls and 'Christmas In The Country' with Shane Howard. There are 37 tracks all up in this collection of music.

Sara Storer has become one of Australia's most celebrated musical storytellers and is now releasing her first Greatest Hits collection. Talk to people about Sara Storer and the same words keep being used: 'real', 'unaffected', 'authentic'. It's partly a way of acknowledging that she's lived the life she sings about - growing up on a farm in Victoria's Mallee, her grandfather a pioneer of the district, then teaching in tiny bush towns in Queensland and the Northern Territory. 

But authenticity alone doesn't make a great artist. Sara has a hungry writer's eye, her songs full of vivid, telling moments and narratives that seem to drop the listener into a freshly minted world. The voice that tells these tales is open and unguarded; the music seductive yet energised. Her songs speak with great directness and immediacy, as if we had found ourselves on the road, or round the campfire, with the characters of the song. 

Sara won the Best New Talent award at the 2001 Country Music Awards, and then - in 2002 - released her second album Beautiful Circle, this time with the stand-out song 'Raining on the Plain', a duet with John Williamson. By 2004, with that record haul of Golden Guitars, there was no stopping her. Two more acclaimed albums followed - Firefly (2005) and Silver Skies (2007). 

Now here is the excellent Best Of Sara Storer.

CD 1
1. Buffalo Bill
2. Back Out Back
3. Beautiful Circle
4. Back In The Territory
5. Calling Me Home
6. Sitting Here With Fay
7. Land Cries Out
8. What's So Good
9. Tears
10. Billabong
11. Raining On The Plains
12. Katherine
13. Children Of The Gurindji
14. Crow
15. Drovers Call
16. Long Live The Girls
17. Angel
18. 18.Tell These Hands
19. Man Trap
20. Lovely Valentine


CD 2
1. Mallee Girl
2. Darwin love
3. Molly Green
4. Important Things (with Josh Cunningham)
5. Dungarees (Live with The Sunny Cowgirls)
6. Star
7. Christmas in the Country (Jimmy's Christmas, with Shane Howard)
8. One Perfect Day
9. Boss Drovers Pride (Live)
10. When I was a boy (with Greg Storer)
11. Wont Give In
12. Must've Been a Hell of a Party (with Paul Kelly)
13. Since I've Gone (Live)
14. Chillers Bend (With Greg Storer)
15. Moonstruck
16. Night After Night
17. Sweet Dreams 