The plot opens with different type of passengars preparing to board the flight to Delhi. A husband and innocent wife, mimicri artist, a little girl and her parents who has to return to Karachi after her operation in Chennai, a young girl and a guy who teases her and one man goes to toilet and injects drugs. All board to flight and it takes off. Inside the plane some group of people go to toilet and load weapons and hijack the plane. While struggle with pilots one of the engine is damaged and emergency landing is made at Tirupathi Airport. Authorities of government and National Security guards arrive to airport. Terrorists make a demand of 100 Crore Rupees and release of their head Yusuf Khan and a new flight for their escape.
National Security Guard Ravi (Nagarjuna) and his friend regreats for not killing Yusuf Khan some years when they caught him. They poke fun of the shining star's recent movie who is also one of the victim of hijack and an artist who posed as Yusuf Khan just like real Khan. Ravi insists for commando operation but officials fear of risking passengers life not trusting Ravi's team. Inside the flight one of the terrorist is quite sentimental with the little girl. One passenger frequently questions terrorists and one Christian priest requests to read Bible. Colonel Jagadish and his neighbour passengers Vinod the young teasing guy and teased girl who fight frequently. Government agrees to release Yusuf Khan. But Yusuf Khan dies in an accident while transportation to airport. Despite attempt to protect the news, it goes to media and terrorist kills the frequently questioning passenger and seeks Yusuf Khan's living proof else there will be death once in every half-an-hour. Ravi, calls the director,artist who is actually an scared innocent brahmin man ,make-up man to pose the artist as Yusuf Khan to make the terrorist believe Yusuf Khan is alive and getting treated in hospital. Meanwhile Ravi plans an operation 'Garuda' to rescue victims. He secretly sends a mobile phone in food packet to plane and contacts Colonel Jagadish to know about terrorists and their weapons. Ravi plans to shoot the terrorists during their transit to new flight by asking the passengers to bent down when they get a Church Bell signal. The firing suceeds and 4 out 5 terrorists are killed. The last terrorist who is affectionate to the small girl is killed with help of the young guy Vinod who is a doctor and the actor. The plastic explosive was found nowhere and finally found in the small girl's bag. Ravi finds no time to diffuse it and takes away from passengers and throws which explodes. Operation Garuda ends with the appreciation of Prime Minister to Ravi. 
All passengers make their way to their destination.

ScreenShots
 
http://bayimg.com/HAEfpaADH 
http://bayimg.com/iAefbAAdh 
http://bayimg.com/iAeFdAAdH 
http://bayimg.com/IAEfeAadh