Russian Linux

Official site with information

Well, it's time to present to the public the first Cube!!!
Let me remind you that builds on the media poll polls and personalized offers.
And the goal was justified ..
And so it has initiated a review!
Everybody heard about what Oracle can close the project Openoffice!
So as soon as he learned about an alternative to added to the assembly LibreOffice!
More information here http://ru.libreoffice.org/
As the browser Firefox 3.6.13
Browser plug-ins contain Chatzilla, netvideohunter, rutracker info
I want to draw attention to the plug netvideohunter ..
The plugin allows you to download videos and music from any social networking or video sharing!
As a software for communication ..
Pidgin (icq)
Mail @ ru agent
Skype 2.1
XChat
Claws Mail
As a Torrent Tracker
Latest version QBtorrent
To work with ftp
Easy Gftp
Trained to work in the terminal!
CLI-This is a terminal with a crib and a wiki
And you can save your options.
Edit Menu grub2 is simply
Grubcostomizer make it easy to edit menu, even a novice in linux ..
The new file manager!
Already well-known project double commander ..
Convenient and customary for emigrants to ms
Shutter - not only wonder but a fragment of the screen and adds the desired effect!
SoolReader 3-great program for fans of reading
You need a convenient arhivato .. and he is Peazip what you need ...
As for Video then as a player fresh Vlc
As an audio player, fresh Qmmp
Audacity audio editor
Video Editor Kdenlive
Setting up Pulse audio mixer channel sound setup is a breeze ..
isomaster handy utility to edit iso image
Radiotray - With this program, it is easy to listen to your favorite radio station ..
Djl - you can not only read about the game but also to identify and discuss in a chat without leaving the application!
Decorator - is that pent namely blade caps .. now they can easily return to the place) and even less chance of blade!
Mountmanager-this simplification montiryvaniya disk partitions or external drives ..
Ubuntu tweak-but it's obvious this is a utility for a flexible attitude
Ailurus-Similarly Ubuntu tweak c but with new functions! convenient for cleaning the system.
Virtualbox-modern emulator ..
Dosbox-Dos Emulator
Gstyle - a program to tune to Gtk
Compiz - 0.8.6 stable version ...
In the assembly connected to a fresh repository with drivers nvidia, intel, ati
For imaging
Gimp 2.6.11
Inkscape 0.48
Photoprint
Mypaint

Moovida help deploy compact media center.

Aptoncd-a program for creating your own cd \ dvd repository ... convenient
Artmanager-download additional themes, wallpaper, icons
DJView4-smotrelka format djw
Fixed bug with cursor and display the keyboard layout!
Increase productivity ...!!! albeit not significant .. but compared to neon or relax flare!
Fine job with the configuration will not describe well say that it was a necessary work!
Design
Made in blue!
You can tell a classic for assemblies junior ... but not stuffed nothing more than ..
The assembly is designed more for a man who wants to use for home ispolzyvaniya or for office work .. but to use and not to indulge in la kopiz and wubi ..
Wubi to build there ..
Understand perfectly well that such a course number of recipients will be less but I think it is better to sculpt what is right than another toy.
Add:
Cube is not junior4 .. it is a separate branch builds ..
I want to thank the people who gave advice and recommended software to build ..


