Fritz 13 (c) ChessBase

10/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE
PROTECTION .......: Activation
1 :.......... DISC(S)
GAME.TYPE ........: Chess

This new release ensures that Fritz remains the most popular chess playing
program worldwide, a super-strong chess playing opponent with functions and
features you'll want by your side

Whether you're a chess beginner, club player or professional Grandmaster
Fritz 13 has everything that chess players could want. Fritz 13 will
automatically adjust its playing strength if you choose, offers handicap and
coaching functions, explanation of chess positions, display colored danger
warnings, provide openings statistics, automatic game analysis, and
trainings modules for chess openings, tactics and chess endgames - plus a
database of 1.5 million chess games. Read that list again

This leading chess engine has beaten a reigning World Champion in the battle
of man vs. machine, and it has worked with World Champions as a clever
training partner (Garry Kasparov: "I regularly analyze with Fritz"), and so
Fritz continues to fascinate the chess world - Fritz 13 can even entertain
you with fresh and humorous verbal comments

Fritz 13 Features
Adjustable chess playing strength
Coach functions, move explanation
Automatic game analysis and commentay
Training modules for openings, tactics and endgames
Improved and enhanced database management
Improved user interface in Windows Office 2010 standard
New and more powerful Fritz 13 engine, especially tuned for deep analysis
Professional interface and chess board graphics
Management for multiple chess engines
Professional printing of chess games and diagrams
A database of 1.5 million chess games
Ten hours of private video chess instruction by Grandmasters

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Check install.txt in the Crack dir on the DVD for instructions on how to
install and activate the game
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT