              . P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! .


                           Serious Sam Double D RIP                         

   Release Date  :  07/10/2011                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 26x5.00MB             Company     :  Devolver Digital

   Release Notes:

   erious Sam explodes into the second dimension using everything in his    
   arsenal to battle the abominable legions of Mentalĺs horde. Pull the     
   trigger to let the heavy ordinance fly in Serious Sam Double D, a hand   
   drawn, side-scrolling shooter featuring all the over-the-top gameplay    
   and chaotic action of the Serious Sam series. Pile on the firepower      
   with the revolutionary Gunstacker and fire all your weapons at once in   
   a symphony of destruction! All that stands between victory and           
   annihilation is a man in a T-shirt and jeans wielding a great big pile   
   of guns.                                                                 
                                                                            
   Serious Sam Indie Series                                                 
   The Serious Sam Indie Series is an extraordinary program launched by     
   Croteam and Devolver Digital to partner with gaming's most creative      
   independent developers and design radically unique Serious Sam games     
   in a variety of styles and genres.                                       
                                                                            
   Features:                                                                
                                                                            
   Serious Action: Unleash a storm of bullets and flame against an          
   unrelenting horde of bizarre and ferocious creatures hell bent on        
   bringing down the heroic Serious Sam. Clash against Mentalĺs army        
   across 18 levels in three sensational worlds from the pyramids of        
   ancient Egypt to the volcanic chaos of Pompeii to the harsh jungles of   
   prehistoric Earth.                                                       
                                                                            
   Revolutionary Gunstacker: Duel-wielding is for lesser men. Serious Sam   
   Double Dĺs new Gunstacker allows Serious Sam to stack any combination    
   of weapons one on top another and fire them all at once. Two shotguns    
   on a laser gun and grenade launcher? Of course. Four chainsaws and a     
   flamethrower? Yes, please.                                               
                                                                            
   Legions of Bizarre Beasts: Clash against classic Serious Sam enemies     
   like Headless Kamikazes, Gnaar, and Biomechanoids or gun down all new    
   monstrosities like the insane Chimputees, oddball Vuvuzelators, and      
   the surprisingly sexy Femikazes. Prove your worth and take down four     
   amazingly unique bosses in epic showdowns full of carnage!               
                                                                            
   Challenge Rooms and Serious Secrets: Keep the action coming with a       
   battery of action-packed challenge rooms filled to the brim with waves   
   of attacking beasts! Get really serious and try to uncover dozens and    
   dozens of secrets hidden throughout this wild world!                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-ssdd.exe                                       
   3. Start game with SSGame.exe                                            
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Game needs:                                                              
                                                                            
   Microsoft .NET Framework 4                                               
                                                                            
   http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?id=17851               
                                                                            
   and                                                                      
                                                                            
   Microsoft XNA Framework Redistributable 4.0                              
                                                                            
   http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?id=20914               
                                                                            
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            


  Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 
                         " Prepare to be Unleashed! "    
