NWO Book Library:

New World Order, ZioNazism, Matrix, Illuminati, Freemasonry
Rulers of this world

This is the reference collection of books on the NWO related issues in English and Russian languages. It contains some of the most reputable research by some of the most respected and widely quoted authors.

Any book in this collection is "must read" type of book.

Note: some books may not be in the main index. So, check all the folders and read it from there.

You can change the way it looks by providing your own style sheets.

This library includes the following books:
English
Index

    The Committee of 300 by Dr. John Coleman
    The Tavistock Institute For Human Relations by Dr. John Coleman
    Impending New Word Order
    The History of Jewish Human Sacrifice By Willie Martin
    Degenerates Rule The World! (The essence of the problem) - Interview with Gregory Klimov
    Secret Leader of Zionism
    Svali interviews about Illuminati
    The Syngogue of Satan by Andrew Carrington Hitchcock
    The Interview with Harold Wallace Rosenthal by Daryl Bradford Smith
    The Syngogue of Satan by Andrew Carrington Hitchcock
    The History of the "Money Changers" by Andrew Carrington Hitchcock
    The History of the House of Rothschild by Andrew Hitchcock
    Benjamin H. Freedman's 1961 Willard Hotel speech
    The Truth about Khazars by Benjamin H. Freedman
    The Rothschild Dynasty Dr. John Coleman
    The Controversy of Zion by Douglas Reed
    The International Jew — The World's Foremost Problem by Henry Ford
    My Farewell to Israel By Jack Bernstein
    The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel by Jack Bernstein
    The Terror Machine by Gregory Klimov
    The Nameless War by Archibald Maule Ramsay
    Secret societies and subversive movements by Nesta H. Webster
    Red Symphony by Dr. J. Landowsky
    Showdown in Jerusalem (a digest by Gert Timmerman)
    The Secret World Government by Maj.-Gen., Count Cherep-Spiridovich
    THE JEWISH RELIGION Its Influence Today by Elizabeth Dilling
    The Other Side of Deception by Victor Ostrovsky
    Waters Flowing Eastward by Leslie FRY (Paquita de Shishmareff)
    Message of the Warrior for the Ivan, the hundred million and the Jew
    Wikileaks Affair - Just another NWO Agenda Scam?
    We are here to change the World! - The Book Of Google
    ZioNazi Quotes Categorized
    1001 Quotes By and About Jews
    Zionism Quotes
    Osho and The Diamond Sword by Mahasattva Anand Veeren 

Русский
Индекс

    КОМИТЕТ 300 - Джон Колеман
    Невидимая Хазария - Татьяна Грачева
    Божий народ - Григорий Климов
    Мертвая вода - Концепция Общественной Безопастности
    Послание Воина Стомиллионному Ивану и Еврею
    Красная каббала - Григорий Климов
    Божий Народ - Григорий Климов
    ДЕЛО 69 - Григорий Климов
    Имя мое Легион - Григорий Климов
    "Князь мира сего" - Григорий Климов
    Откровение - Григорий Климов
    Песнь победителя - Григорий Климов
    Протоколы Советских Мудрецов - Григорий Климов
    Коллекция статей - Григорий Климов (смотрите папку Klimov/Publish)
    Красная симфония (Откровения троцкиста Раковского) - И. Ландовский
    Анатолий Собчак: тайны хождения во власть - Юрий Шутов

Several large collections of quotes is provided.

The entire collection is searchable via search engine at http://antimatrix.org/Convert/search.php

Some of these books are out of print and some are not likely to be printed because the information provided is a bomb, and, since all the media is under total control, no publisher will dare to publish it.

Some of these books will be hard to impossible to find in the HTML version.

The versions provided in this collection contain the detailed table of contents identifying all the issues covered in the book. This makes it much easier to find the issues you are interested in, and for the researchers it will drastically reduce the amount of time they need to spend to find some information on the issues they are researching.

This collection contains both, English and Russian language versions. Some of the best books are only available in Russian while others are only in English. Even if you do not know the language, you still might want to read these books via some translation service such as translate.google.com. Even though translation is not perfect, but still, information is so valuable that you will be able to see the most essential part of it. In particular, the works of Gregory Klimov in Russian, that were never published in English because to total censorship, are worth a read via translation service.

Some books are also available in audio format. Check Audio subdirectory.

