Host: George Noory
Guests: Patrick Chouinard, Dr. John Apsley

Hour 1 - Dr. John Apsley reported on increased deaths in North America that he believes are associated with the Fukushima catastrophe, and the leaking of radiation.

There was a spike in infant mortality rates within the first 10 weeks of the catastrophe in cities across the US, and the radiation contamination likely came through rainfall, he said, adding that infants were particularly susceptible because of their reduced thyroid function. For more, see this page from Apsley.

Hours 2, 3 & 4 - Independent researcher Pat Chouinard presented information and theories about an ancient race of giants, as well as lost civilizations and their artifacts.

There are numerous cross-cultural references to giants, as well as creation myths that involved them. \"I think they were a highly advanced race,\" and they were said to have a lifespan of hundreds of years, he noted. Mesopotamia and Atlantis were not the first civilizations, \"I believe there were hundreds, thousands of civilizations going back to a very very remote and early time in our history,\" he said. Sanskrit writings of India refer to civilizations that existed hundreds of thousands of years ago, \"and I think the giants go back to this time,\" he continued.

One of the mysteries he\'s explored concerns the finding of ancient out-of-place Caucasians in such countries as New Guinea, China, and Japan, as well as in North America, far before the Europeans had arrived. Some of these were described as \"red haired giants,\" and the Native Americans have myths about light-skinned giants, called the \'Bright White God,\' and Quetzalcoatl, he detailed. Chouinard suspects that this race, which might have been as tall as 15-18 ft., gradually died out from epidemics or other factors.

He talked about the demise of the Atlantean civilization, suggesting that primitive groups that co-existed on the fringes of Atlantis as it was fading, picked up some remnants of their advancements, and eventually rose up to become the historic civilizations that we know from ancient history. Chouinard also spoke about ancient megalithic structures like Gobekli Tepe and Baalbek, as well as the anomalous discovery of the \"X Woman of Siberia,\" in which a finger bone was found that came from a separate, unknown evolutionary line that dated back some 50,000 years. 