Aerosmith-Just Push Play **** 

Just Push Play is far from Aerosmith's strongest album. Even for the time period it is weaker than the albums surrounding it. Nine Lives rocked harder, and Honkin' On Bobo was just a killer blues romp. 

The demon of Screamin' Steven Tyler is in full swing here. Some of the best vocals of his career are laid down. 'Beyond Beautiful' and 'Fly Away From Here' show his vocals sore. 

While their are only a handful of classic guitar riffs ('Jaded' title track, 'Trip Hoppin') which is a real bummer because Joe Perry is known for laying down some smokin' riffs. But that's alright because he plays fantastic leads and a ton of rad solo's. 'Light Inside' features one of his all time best wha-wha induced solos. Whitford also plays great rhythm with Tom Hamilton on bass and Joey Kramer on the sticks. 

Another fantastic thing about Just Push Play is Tyler's knack for rhyming anything with anything else. Fabulous here. 

But what brings Just Push Play down is the fact that it is beyond over produced. Something like 121 tracks were used in the recording of the album. That is outrageous. It sounds so fluffy and un-rock n' roll. Other than that it is really a great album to listen to, and a nice addition to any Aerosmith collection. 

by Morton

TRACKLIST:

01 - Beyond Beautiful.wma                              
02 - Just Push Play.wma                                
03 - Jaded.wma                                         
04 - Fly Away From Here.wma                            
05 - Trip Hoppin'.wma                                  
06 - Sunshine.wma                                      
07 - Under My Skin.wma                                 
08 - Luv Lies.wma                                      
09 - Outta Your Head.wma                               
10 - Drop Dead Gorgeous.wma                            
11 - Light Inside.wma                                  
12 - Avant Garden.wma                                  
13 - Face.wma                

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

MARCELODRGZ