 http://bayimg.com/JAEGnaAdg

Of Unknown Origin (1983) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086036/

Of Unknown Origin is a 1983 film directed by George P. Cosmatos. The film was written by Brian Taggert, based on the novel The Visitor by Chauncey G. Parker III. It was filmed on location in Montreal, Quebec but set in New York City. The film won two awards at the Paris Film Festival.

  Peter Weller  ...  Bart Hughes  
  Jennifer Dale  ...  Lorrie Wells  
  Lawrence Dane  ...  Eliot Riverton  
  Kenneth Welsh  ...  James Hall  
  Louis Del Grande  ...  Clete  
  Shannon Tweed  ...  Meg Hughes  
  Keith Knight  ...  Hardware Salesman  
  Maury Chaykin  ...  Dan Errol  

When the Canadian government designated Canadian film productions as tax shelters in 1974, there were many other countries who wanted to get in on the act as well. American-Canadian co-productions began to flourish as a direct result of these incentives, just as they had during the 1930s, when England offered favourable treatment to films made in British colonies. 

A thoroughly enjoyable blend of black comedy and horror, Of Unknown Origin leaves you wondering why this isn’t more of a beloved cult film.  Weakly plotted, poorly made slasher flicks from its era are revisited annually at film festivals and have entire websites devoted to their lineage, while this offbeat delight remains relatively obscure.  

It also raises the question of why Peter Weller never became a bigger star.  Maybe it’s his sharply angular, almost skeletal facial features or that he frequently plays sardonic or emotionally distant characters.  Perhaps playing a cyborg with his face largely covered most of the time in his biggest hit (RoboCop) kept him from getting better roles in better movies, but watching Weller in his best films is to see a truly distinctive and compelling performer at work.  (David Cronenberg’s Naked Lunch, one of the great films of the last quarter century, features the essential Weller performance.)

Weller brings a wealth of understated humor to the role of a rising yuppie executive whose upscale home becomes a war zone when a crazily persistent rat takes up residence there.  This movie is an example of one of the smaller sub-genres of horror: rodent terror!  I guess Willard and its sequel Ben would be the most prominent examples, but   Of Unknown Origin definitely needs to be higher up in the rat-fear pantheon.

Of Unknown Origin is one of those efforts that shows how creepy a thriller of this sort could be in the years before overblown CGI effects put a damper on things. Our star seems to be a regular sewer rat, though super-sized (like a fat cat), and is exposed as a real rodent, intermixed with a puppet in some shots. Although some of the man vs. beast antics are reminiscent of an old Looney Tune, there's some definite scares that will make you jump when caught off guard. Weller is basically the whole show (with the subplots of his job and vacationing family being less interesting but necessary), and his largely subdued performance is pretty intense, with a satirical edge to it. The director manages to build adequate suspense, while delivering some clever camera movements, surprising nightmare sequences, and the sequences with the rat are pretty convincing and sharply edited. There are allegoric references to Moby Dick and The Old Man and The Sea, and though shot in Canada, New York is played off realistically, although it's way too easy to get a parking space in front of the brownstone!

What really works about Of Unknown Origin is its atmosphere: it is both realistic and surreal. We can immediately identify with Bart and his frustrations as a darn rat begins to destroy his property. We sympathize with him when his attempts to capture or kill the rat meet with failure each time. And we feel his pain when the confrontation escalates to outright violence.

Of Unknown Origin has moments of wicked yet subtle humor and absurdity (though it's not a horror spoof), but for the most part the pace and happenings are grounded enough in reality that we easily identify with how Bart is feeling. The film spends more time on the slow psychological breakdown of Bart as he deals with the stress of an essential work project and a rat determined to force a confrontation than it does on violence. Don't expect to see the body count offered in other killer animal films like Willard – that's not what Of Unknown Origin is about.

It's not until the final third of the film that Of Unknown Origin proudly leaps out of the realm of reality for the final confrontation between man and rat… and what a wholly satisfying battle it is.

This film would never have worked without Peter Weller's masterful performance. Although he'll always be best known for his role as Robocop, quite frankly his Robocop performance was amateurish when compared to this gem. 

What if you were afraid to sleep for fear that the rat would attack you when you were most vulnerable? What if you were afraid to walk barefoot on the floor for fear that the rat would bite your feet? These are the types of questions you will likely ask yourself as you get immersed into this tense thriller.

If you enjoy psychological thrillers or killer animal films, you owe it to yourself to check out this obscure 80's gem.

