Lisa Jackson Books,Mobi
 
http://www.lisajackson.com/

Biography

Lisa Jackson can’t keep away from murderers, especially serial killers.  She’s been helping to kill people everywhere from Savannah and New Orleans to San Francisco and the Pacific Northwest—and it’s been worth it as her readers come back again and again, and her novels are fixtures on bestseller lists.   

Having made serial killing her business—sort of—she has put her characters through the wringer. They have been up to their necks in danger and stared death, usually a pretty gory one, right in the face.  She continues to be fascinated by the minds and motives of both her killers and their pursuers—the personal, the professional and downright twisted.  As she builds the puzzle of relationships, actions, clues, lies and personal histories that haunt her protagonists, she must also confront the fear and terror faced by her victims, and the harsh and enduring truth that, in the real world, terror and madness touch far too many lives and families.  

Lisa began writing at the urging of her sister, novelist Nancy Bush. Inspired by the success of authors she admired and the burgeoning market for romance fiction at the time, Nancy was convinced they could work together and succeed.  They sat down, determined to write and to be published. 

They did and they were.  

Initially they wrote together. Later, they moved in different directions. Lisa brought more and more suspense to her work and began writing much darker stories.  Nancy’s writing expanded to include not just her own novels, but she also spent several years writing for one of television’s leading soap operas, even transplanting herself for a time from the sister’s Pacific Northwest roots to Manhattan. In February 2009 they worked together again—for the first time in years—on Wicked Game, which received a starred review in Publishers Weekly and became a New York Times bestseller. 

In a nutshell, who is Lisa Jackson?  Before she became a nationally bestselling author, she was a woman struggling to keep food on the table by writing novels, hoping against hope that someone would pay her for them. Today, neck deep in murder, her books appear on The  New York Times, the USA Today, and the Publishers Weekly national bestseller lists. As those who know her can attest, this funny, smart woman who enjoys making the hair stand up on the back of her readers’ necks, is a mom, a daughter, a workaholic and an amazing writer.



Enjoy!