Official Web Site:   http://www.syniumsoftware.com/cleanapp/

Find, sort and delete

CleanApp displays an overview of all applications currently installed on your Mac, integrates a Spotlight search and sorts your applications by the time you last used them. Identifying those applications you installed some time and, after launching them once or twice, completely forgot about, is a matter of a few mouse clicks.  Since the Logging-Service records all changes directly on file system level, CleanApp will provide comprehensive informed suggestions which files to get rid of when uninstalling an application.

Easily remove localizations

With CleanApp, removing language packages from applications is a piece of cake. If you don't speak more than one or two languages, why would you keep the excess ballast around? Simply find and remove all the localizations and documentation you don't need and reclaim your precious hard disk space.

Slim down Universal Binaries

Universal Binaries make applications compatible to PowerPC-based Macs, as well as the current intel based models. This means that you could get rid of up to half the program code, freeing up a lot of hard disk space.

Secure and archive

Of course, CleanApp has a built-in feature that helps you "test-uninstall" an application before losing it forever. Use it to check if anything bad happens after uninstall or for transferring a complete application to your other Mac. Not only the application itself, but additional folders as well, are compressed into an archive and then rebuilt on that secondary Mac. So if you start having second thoughts or simply want to move an application, CleanApp makes sure your data is preserved.

Preference Panes and system extensions

Mere applications are not the only ones wasting hard disk space - Widgets, system extensions, additional panes in the System Preferences and screen savers can block more space than you'd imagine. All these kinds of files are neatly listed in CleanApp, making spotting them and tidying up your system a breeze.

Old files

Over the course of months, you'll gather documents as well as applications and other files. Some of them may be extremely large and no longer needed. CleanApp's "Old Files" feature efficiently tracks down these files for you. Various aspects of a file, like file size and the last time it has been used, among others, influence which files show up on top of the search result list.

Duplicates

It's the same thing over and over again, you download a file for the second time, you re-import pictures that have previously been imported or you simply save a document under a different name but never change the original. This way, you pile up duplicates of files that just sit around and consume space on your hard drive. Quickly and safely identify these files with CleanApp's help and remove these unnecessary duplicates.

Version 3.4.6:

Fixed problem that prevented the logging service from launching under Mac OS 10.4 on PowerPC based Macs

System Requirements:

PPC/Intel, Mac OS X 10.4 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---
