Part 1/3 (Mp3)

The Power & Effectiveness of the 15 Minute Time Span.
Includes an Open Question & Answer Session with Bashar.
Saturday, November 14th, 2009 - Los Angeles, CA


From Bashar.Org:

"Join us for this exciting opportunity to teleport through time and space and explore! This three-part inter-stellar adventure begins on Saturday evening with Bashar setting the course for our journey. Bashar will share with us a new perspective on timing, a perspective that will alter our consciousness and allow us to look at the world in a new way. Questions and sharing with Bashar from audience members will take us further into a knowing state. We will feel our energy rise as we move to a new level on this first night of our journey together."




Part 2/3 (Mp3)

How Beliefs Can Create Seemingly Impenetrable Obstacles & How to Dissolve Them.
Sunday, November 15th, 2009 - Los Angeles, CA
This is part 2 of 3

From Bashar.Org:
"We will venture deeper into an understanding of our strongest beliefs, the ones that create stubborn barriers to our complete fulfillment...the ones we've been working on for years and years that appear resistant to change. As our consciousness lightens and our comprehension expands, we will have laid the groundwork for the next stage of our experience "The Holotope". "




Part 3/3 (Avi)

A Mind Altering Adventure of Light, Color and Sound!
Sunday, November 15th, 2009 - Los Angeles, CA
This is part 3 of 3

No cheating, you got to watch the other parts first!!

From Bashar.Org:

"The lights will dim and we will be moved by the sound of Bashar's voice as he takes us deeper into another time and space, deeper into our own consciousness where all possibilites exist. As we view the beauty, the lights and the colors of the Holotope, our consciousness opens to another realm where seemingly solid beliefs are melted away and we see what is truly possible for each one of us.

As we re-orient to room around us, we will explore our ideas and questions with Bashar, delving into the things that really mean most to us. The room will be filled with a new energy and a new level of connection.

And what happens next we will have to be there to see!

The Holotope experience activates a specific pattern in the brain which allows for contact with spiritual and alternate dimensions.

Experience Light, Color and Sound as you never have before while Bashar takes you on a Guided Visualization Journey"