- 
http://www.Speed.Cd                            and don't forget to visit  Us


Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

 ............ NFO .............
-        
       
                                                                
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                         
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                        
                                     
                                             
                                           
                                         
                                           
                                          
                                
                              
                               
                                
                                
                            
                          
                                  
                                 
                                  
                             
                    
                      
                                                
                                 
                            
                           
                                      
                              
                                  
                           
                          
                             
                                    
                          
                            
                       
                             
                                 
                                  
                                                          
                                   
                                
                       ZNi'02              
                                         
                                         
                                                   
                                    
                              
                             
                                               
        
    
                                                          
               .  . ..: SciFiManiacs :.. .  .              
                                                            
   Bringing you the best from the world of SciFi and more!  
                                                            
                                                
         . ..: RELEASE iNFORMATiON :.. .   

      
                                                             
               Series : Joanna Lumley's Greek Odyssey         
              Episode : S01E01 (1/4)                           
                Title : The Land of the Ancient Greeks        
                Genre : Documentary/Travel/History           
             iMDB URL : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1982378/  
             Air Date : October 13th 2011                      
         DVD Rel Date : n/a                                   
         SFM Rel Date : October 16th 2011                    
            Ripped By : SFM                                   
       Source/Channel : ITV1 HD                                
         Video Format : x264 (in matroska container)          
     Video Resolution : 1280x720 (25 fps)                    
        Video Bitrate : CRF @20 --preset slow                 
        Audio Bitrate : AC3 2.0 @ 384 kb/s                     
          Sample Rate : 48 kHz                                
               Length : 46 MiN 05 SEC                        
                 Size : 1.23 GB (1,327,430,049 bytes)         
              MD5 Sum : 8166fa8f05d7827f1f52d68aa61fc4e7       
                Packs : 27 x 50MB                             
            Subtitles : English                              
      

      
               .  . ..: EPiSODE SUMMARY :.. .  .             
                                                              
    Joanna begins her Greek odyssey at the Parthenon in        
    Athens, which was created by the ancient Greeks two and   
    a half thousand years ago. This was the dawn of western  
    civilisation, which saw the birth of democracy,           
    language, science and medicine.                            
                                                              
    From here Joanna travels around the southern region of   
    Greece from Athens to the Peloponnese, visiting           
    spectacular mythical and historic sites left by this       
    great civilisation. These were places of theatre, death   
    sport and religion to the Ancients and they represent    
    the very cornerstone of this empire. The Greeks flocked   
    to these sites and Joanna follows in their footsteps.      
                                                              
    En route she meets modern Greeks who are still           
    influenced by this ancient era.                           
                                                               
    From the marble cutters on the Acropolis who continue     
    to use the same tools as their ancestors, to the         
    Englishman who now worships the god of Apollo at          
    Greeces most sacred place, Delphi.                        
                                                              
    Joannas route takes her off the tourist trail to        
    places where ancient myths and cultures live on. She      
    meets villagers who communicate by whistling, a lady       
    who lives a solitary life in an almost deserted village   
    surviving by eating wild plants and shrubs and a         
    fisherman who takes her to the gates of Hades, the        
    underworld, where the Ancients went when they died.        
    Joanna finds inspiration in the isolated peninsula of     
    the Mani, where its haunting tower house settlements     
    and barren landscape seem unchanged for centuries.        
                                                               
    Joanna also takes part in a Bouzoukia, a hugely popular   
    singing club where, in a modern twist on an old          
    tradition, the audience spends a fortune on flowers       
    that they throw in appreciation.                           
                                                              
    And finally Joanna meets perhaps one of the most famous  
    singers in the world, Nana Mouskouri, at Epidaurus, one   
    of the best surviving amphitheatres, where, in order to    
    demonstrate the perfect acoustics, Nana gives a rare      
    performance to Joanna.                                   
      

      
            .  . ..: RiPPER/RELEASE NOTES :.. .  .           
                                                              
   http://www.itv.com/presscentre/joannalumleysgreekodyssey/   
   ep01week41/default.html                                    
                                                             
                                                              
                                                               
                                                              
                                                             
      

                                             
                  ..: GROUP NEWS/CONTACT :..  
                                                           
                                                      
       SFM is dedicated to bringing you high quality     
      TVRips and DVDRips of popular series and movies for   
                     your viewing pleasure!                 
                                                           
       We are currently looking for:                       
       - 100+ Mbit EU dump site for exclusive SFM usage   
       - HDTV/PDTV cappers                                
       - Crates & Kegs of Beer (full of course)          
                                                         
                  .  . ..: GREETZ :.. .  .