Leverage Season 1 Full with hardburned Dutch subs.

Season 2, Episode 1: The Beantown Bailout Job
Now sober, Nathan Ford reunites Sophie, Hardison, Parker, and Eliot to help him con members of an Irish mob.
	
Season 2, Episode 2: The Tap-Out Job
When a scheme against a crooked fight promoter goes awry, Eliot is forced to step into the ring.
	
Season 2, Episode 3: The Order 23 Job
To swindle a felon, the team must use a hospital and stage a virus outbreak.
	
Season 2, Episode 4: The Fairy Godparents Job
To recover funds from an incarcerated investment banker, the team tries to help his introverted stepson.
	
Season 2, Episode 5: The Three Days of the Hunter Job
The team cons a sleazy tabloid newscaster with the story of a government cover-up.
	
Season 2, Episode 6: The Top Hat Job
The team employs very unusual methods to infiltrate a corporation that has been selling tainted food to the public.
	
Season 2, Episode 7: The Two Live Crew Job
The team must recover priceless artwork from a band of thieves.
	
Season 2, Episode 8: The Ice Man Job
With Sophie gone, Parker and Hardison must assume new roles to recover a cache of stolen diamonds and help an innocent man accused of the crime.
	
Season 2, Episode 9: The Lost Heir Job
Nathan leads a con against a corrupt lawyer trying to swindle a client's estate.
	
Season 2, Episode 10: The Runway Job
To bring down an oppressive sweatshop owner, Nate and the team crash a fashion show.
	
Season 2, Episode 11: The Bottle Job
To save the bar in Nathan's building from being lost to an avaricious loan shark, the team tries an old-school con.
	
Season 2, Episode 12: The Zanzibar Marketplace Job
When Nate's ex-wife, Maggie, is thrown into a Ukranian jail for a crime she didn't commit, Nate and the team are forced to partner with an old nemesis to get her out.
	
Season 2, Episode 13: The Future Job
The team must shut down the scams of a phony psychic.
	
Season 2, Episode 14: The Three Strikes Job
The team uses a crooked politician's love of baseball to take him down but end up with more than they expect.
	
Season 2, Episode 15: The Maltese Falcon Job
The team is trying to take down a corrupt local mayor, even with the stakes rising to dangerous levels.

Torrent by 3pp0 | subs by Oxygen from www.bierdopje.com thx :)