 http://bayimg.com/PAdphaadn

The Reagans (TV 2003) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0383139/

CONTENTS: The Reagans [2003], James Brolin on being Republican, and deleted scenes.

The Reagans is a 180-minute television movie about U.S. President Ronald Reagan and his family which CBS had planned to broadcast in November 2003 during fall "sweeps", but was ultimately broadcast on November 30 of that year on cable channel Showtime due to controversy over its portrayal of Reagan.

  Judy Davis  ...  Nancy Reagan  
  James Brolin  ...  Ronald Reagan  
  Zeljko Ivanek  ...  Michael Deaver  
  Mary Beth Peil  ...  Edith Davis  
  Bill Smitrovich  ...  Alexander Haig  
  Shad Hart  ...  Ron Reagan Jr.  
  Zoie Palmer  ...  Patti Reagan  

The miniseries featured James Brolin as Ronald Reagan and Judy Davis as Nancy Reagan, and covers the period in time from 1949 when Reagan was still in Hollywood, through his governorship of California until Reagan's last day in office as President in 1989.

About a month before it was scheduled to air, portions of the script were leaked. As a result of these stories, the miniseries began to be widely criticized by conservatives as an unbalanced and inaccurate depiction of Reagan. CBS reportedly had ordered a love story about Ronald and Nancy Reagan with politics as a backdrop, but instead received what they later claimed was an overtly political film. Supporters of the film claimed that these criticisms were simply partisan bias, and were an attempt to censor a film because it did not always portray the former president in a positive light.[1]

Conservatives began criticizing it before it was broadcast and claimed that it put words in Reagan's mouth and condemned it as "leftist" historical revisionism. Some of the criticism was based upon early drafts of the script and featured scenes that were either never shot or dropped from the final version. Eventually, after several weeks of outspoken criticism by conservatives, on November 4, 2003, CBS withdrew the broadcast saying that it did "not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans." The network chose instead to broadcast the miniseries on the cable channel Showtime, which along with CBS was owned by Viacom.[2] In a statement on its web site, CBS said:

“ CBS will not broadcast The Reagans on November 16 and 18. This decision is based solely on our reaction to seeing the final film, not the controversy that erupted around a draft of the script. 
Although the mini-series features impressive production values and acting performances, and although the producers have sources to verify each scene in the script, we believe it does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience. Subsequent edits that we considered did not address those concerns.

A free broadcast network, available to all over the public airwaves, has different standards than media the public must pay to view. We do, however, recognize and respect the filmmakers' right to have their voice heard and their film seen.[3]
 ” 

CBS' denial that it was yielding to the furor did not persuade its critics. The producers of the movie noted that, before the outcry, CBS had approved both the script for the miniseries and had seen dailies as they were shot, and the film had been approved by two sets of lawyers. Jeff Chester, head of the Center for Digital Democracy, a communications lobbying group, said that CBS had chosen not to offend Republicans at a time when the federal government was considering rules restricting ownership of local television stations. CBS executives "made a business decision," he said. "In doing so, they clearly caved in to the political pressure." Senator Tom Daschle, the Democratic leader of the time, commented that the decision "smells of intimidation to me."[1]

It can be argued that The Reagans, ultimately, is a fair and sympathetic portrait. That the Reagans are shown as less than perfect human beings grappling with dysfunctional family issues, self-doubt, and other human frailties, only makes them appear more human and less like abstract political figures. It could be argued that The Reagans is less critical of its subject than Primary Colors (1998) was of its thinly disguised Bill Clinton -- and Primary Colors was ultimately pro-Clinton. 

Though it has its share of delicious trashiness, the impression one is left with is that Reagan was a True Believer, that whether you agreed with him or not he genuinely, passionately loved his country and wanted to serve its best interests. One might not agree, for example, with his active support of the blacklist, but according to the film he puts his beliefs ahead of his own career, risking the ire of Hollywood's mostly left-of-center decision makers. 

In one of the film's best scenes, Governor Reagan is shown almost hysterical in the minutes before California's first execution in four years. Refusing to stay the execution, he nonetheless pleads with his minister, his God, and himself for some inarguable confirmation that he's doing the right thing. It's hard to imagine Clinton or either Bush working up a sweat like that. 

He and Nancy are shown as a couple deeply devoted to one another, still very much in love after four decades of marriage. Reagan let his guard down with Nancy alone; according to the movie, he was truly intimate with no else, at least in the years following his divorce from actress Jane Wyman. Throughout the movie he calls her Mommy and, most amusingly, "Nancypants." Nancy, who often came off as a cold fish in public, disingenuous if not a Livia-type power monger behind the throne, is shown here as loving her husband as much as he loves her. Despite her wacky dependence on celebrity astrologists, her power struggles on the campaign trails and within the White House are driven out of wanting to serve her husband's needs. 

Most of what's negative about the Reagan family or his years as Governor of California and later as president come from first-hand accounts of the Reagan children or are part of the public record. The film portrays Reagan as an intensely private man, with an almost crippling inability to deal with personal confrontation. Both he and Nancy are generally disinterested in their children, the latter much closer to her gay hairdresser (who dies of AIDS) than any of her own children. 

The movie's main shortcoming is that even at nearly three hours it tries to cram too much into its narrative. Though its focus is the Reagan's basic devotion to one another, it also tries to be about their children's painful efforts to reach out to them, about the Hollywood blacklist, the rise of MCA, the blurring of Reagan the performer and Reagan the politician, his political conversion, and the behind-the-scenes power struggles with Nancy, Alexander Haig, and Donald Regan. All the while, the iconic images from the '60s through the 1980s flash by, almost by rote: Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassination, the hostage crisis in Iran, etc. Highlights (and lowlights) from Reagan's years in the White House zip by at such speed nothing, including Iran-Contra, is covered with any real depth. Surprisingly, Reagan's life in the 1950s plays far better than his years in the White House. 

Though the movie was seen mainly as a vehicle for Judy Davis, whose flamboyant performance is about as subtle as Joan Crawford's in Johnny Guitar, it's James Brolin's Reagan that sticks with you. He does a great job capturing Reagan's essence without reducing it to a joke. Both Brolin and the script paint Reagan as a man more comfortable chatting with co-workers on a movie set than at home dealing with his troubled children, a man who'd rather sit around swapping jokes with his pals than running the Free World. 

In the end, The Reagans works best not when dishing the dirt on Iran-Contra or Nancy's spending sprees once inside the White House. Rather, it's little moments like the minutes before Reagan's primetime admission that his administration did in fact trade arms for hostages. Seconds before going on the air, Reagan seems to slump over in some kind of narcoleptic trance. "He's concentrating," Nancy assures Ron Jr. As the seconds tick down, one sees the performing coming to life, the curtain rising once more. 

























