ALLELE FREQUENCIES by Nadis Warriors

"Allele frequency is the proportion of all copies of a gene that is made up of a particular gene variant (allele). Evolution can be defined as the change in allele frequencies in a population."

1- Palindrome Mutation (Root)
"A palindromic sequence is a nucleic acid sequence (DNA or RNA) that is the same whether read 5' (five-prime) to 3' (three prime) on one strand or 5' to 3' on the complementary strand with which it forms a double helix." 

2- Prophase (Dismantling Inhibition) (Sacral)
"pro·phase (prfz) 
The first stage of mitosis, during which the chromosomes condense and become visible, the nuclear membrane breaks down, and the spindle apparatus forms at opposite poles of the cell." 

3- Yearning (Jordan's Song) (Heart)

4- Metaphase (Root)
"met·a·phase (mt-fz) 
The stage of mitosis and meiosis, following prophase and preceding anaphase, during which the chromosomes are aligned along the metaphase plate." 

5- Apostasy (Root)
"Apostasy ( /əˈpɒstəsi/; Greek: ἀποστασία (apostasia), 'a defection or revolt', from ἀπό, apo, 'away, apart', στάσις, stasis, 'stand, 'standing') is the formal disaffiliation from or abandonment or renunciation of a religion by a person." 

6- Anaphase (Solar)
"an·a·phase (n-fz) 
The stage of mitosis and meiosis in which the chromosomes move to opposite ends of the nuclear spindle." 

7- Telophase (Brow)
"Telophase from the ancient Greek "τελος" (end) and "φασις" (stage), is a stage in both meiosis and mitosis in a eukaryotic cell. During telophase, the effects of prophase and prometaphase events are reversed. Two daughter nuclei form in the cell. The nuclear envelopes of the daughter cells are formed from the fragments of the nuclear envelope of the parent cell. As the nuclear envelope forms around each pair of chromatids, the nucleoli reappear"

8- Nelumbo (Heart)
"Nelumbo is a genus of aquatic plants with large, showy flowers resembling water lilies, commonly known as lotus. " 
9- Cleansing (Dismantling Illusion) (Throat)

10-Cytokinesis (Crown)
"Cytokinesis, from the greek cyto- (cell) and kinesis (motion, movement), is the process in which the cytoplasm of a single eukaryotic cell is divided to form two daughter cells."