[img]http://image.allmusic.com/00/amg/cov200/drq700/q704/q70478glfch.jpg[/img]
[color=Red]Divine Providence(2011) Partisan PTSN 031CD [/color] 
[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest.png[/img]

  1  The Bump   
  2  Funny Word   
  3  Let's All Go To the Bar   
  4  Clownin Around   
  5  Main Street   
  6  Chevy Express   
  7  Something To Brag About   
  8  Walkin Out the Door   
  9  Make Believe   
  10  Now It's Your Turn   
  11  Electric   
  12  Miss K.   

The Providence-based band Deer Tick’s last record, 2010’s “The Black Dirt Sessions,” was a low-key masterpiece of well-crafted ballads and earnest Americana rockers that highlighted a weary, post-closing-time worldview. On their new disc, “Divine Providence” — well, by the time you’re into the rip-roaring, self-explanatory “Let’s All Go To the Bar,” it’s clear that singer and chief songwriter John McCauley wanted to pull out the stops on this one.

“We wanted to do something a little louder, a little bit more fun,” McCauley says. “We’ve always kind of played a little louder and faster than our records.”

Loud and fast rules the day in the beginning of “Divine Providence,” from the opening grind of “The Bump” through the stomp of “Funny Word.” About halfway through, the hushed “Chevy Express” and the string-sweetened “Electric” serve as changeups that let “Something to Brag About” hit even harder, and the bright, mostly acoustic “Miss K.” brings things to a seeming close before a gutbucket hidden track, making it a disc equally suitable for Friday nights and Sunday mornings.

The new disc, recorded at Machines With Magnets in Pawtucket and mixed and mastered in Nashville, was recorded pretty much live in the studio, McCauley says, and it sounds like it — it’s the sound of five guys with a lot of road experience bashing away in an approximation of a live show. While Deer Tick’s previous records weren’t exactly labored, complex studio creations, there was more work in evidence. 

“Born on Flag Day,” for example, started off with just McCauley and drummer Dennis Ryan recording together, then the other parts done separately.” McCauley says it was “recorded when we were figuring out how we wanted to record.” And “The Black Dirt Sessions” was a relative departure from the rough-and-ready Deer Tick template — “they were just songs that I flushed out of the notebook, and we recorded them the same way,” with McCauley and Ryan first. “That record got kind of weird; it didn’t get finished for a year and a half.”

“Divine Providence” also showcases the writing and singing talents of other members of Deer Tick, with Dennis Ryan taking the lead on his “Clownin’ Around,” and “Walkin’ Out the Door” and the elegant “Now It’s Your Turn” written and sung by guitarist Ian O’Neil.

“It felt great,” McCauley says of sharing the duties; “I was very happy to do that. We’ve been playing a lot of Ian’s songs live anyway. … Everybody [always] kind of pitched in and helped with the songs in one way or another.… I just want people to understand that it’s truly a band; it’s not the John McCauley show.” Actually, Deer Tick started as a McCauley solo venture, but he says that when you find the right comrades for a band, it’s easy to share the responsibilities: “I always kind of wanted to be in a band that had kind of a Beatles vibe with the songwriting and singing duties.”

He got that a couple of years ago when he formed Middle Brother with members of Delta Spirit and Dawes. That group played a victorious set at the Newport Folk Festival, but McCauley says the future is uncertain for Middle Brother. “For me that was a really fun exercise in songwriting and collaborating. That’s what made me want to step it up with Deer Tick.”

As for side projects, McCauley’s latest is Diamond Rugs, featuring himself and Crowell, along with Hardy Morris from Dead Confederate, Ian St. Pe from The Black Lips, Steve Berlin from Los Lobos and Brian Dufresne, formerly of Providence’s Six Finger Satellite. They got together for a week and a half in Nashville, McCauley says, and wrote and recorded 14 songs almost instantly. “I don’t even know how to describe it,” he says. “A pretty unlikely collaboration with pretty unlikely results — in a good way.”

But the focus is on Deer Tick, and they’re starting the “Divine Providence” tour with two nights at The Met, the band’s physical center is a little harder to define. McCauley has completed the move to Nashville that he started in February. O’Neil lives in Brooklyn; bassist Chris Ryan is in Philadelphia, and keyboardist/saxophonist Rob Crowell is “up in the Maritimes.” Dennis Ryan, McCauley says, is the only Deer Tick member left in Providence.

Producers Adam Landry and Justin Collins have a Nashville studio “that I can kind of use whenever I want,” McCauley says, adding that he’s happy to have left the Northeast and appreciates the Nashville music scene. And while it makes Deer Tick a far-flung outfit, McCauley says it doesn’t make that much difference in the day-to-day life of Deer Tick. “It’s not too different. We never really practiced, anyway.”

The kickoff for the Met shows will be suitably whirlwind, he adds — They’re taping an appearance on David Letterman’s show at about 5 on Wednesday and taking the train back to Providence. “Hopefully we’ll be back [in time],” McCauley says. The plan is to play a set, project the Letterman appearance and then do an encore.

As for any extracurricular surprises to make the Met shows extra-special, McCauley says the often-anarchic Deer Tick live experience will make itself known; he’s just not sure how yet.

“I’m sure we’ll figure something out. Every time we give the crowd food or Silly String, clubs don’t like that because people start throwing it. And I wouldn’t want to do that to the Met. So we’ll have to figure something else out.”

Another one ripped by X Lossless Decoder and with 100% log as well,muchas gracias.

please seed

[url]http://dickthespic.org/2010/11/15/deer-tick/[/url]
