American McGee's Alice (c) Electronic Arts

Supplied by: FAIRLIGHT            : : Release Date: 29 November 2000     :

Cracked by:  FAIRLIGHT              Game Type:    Action

Packaged by: FAIRLIGHT              Image Format: BIN/CUE

CDS: 2                              Protection: CDILLA2

CD1 archives: 49 x 15 MB            CD1:  FLT-AMAA.001 -> .049

CD2 archives: 16 x 15 MB            CD2:  FLT-AMAB.001 -> .016

System Requirements: Windows, Pentium II, CD-Rom

Game information :

When Alice answers a distressed summons to return to Wonderland, she
barely recognizes the befouled setting. From the fungal rot of the
Mushroom Forest to the infernal chemistry of the Mad Hatter's Domain and
beyond, Wonderland festers to its core. Undaunted by the diseased
ambiance, cavernous confusion, and mortal danger that surround her,
Alice must undo the chaos. Equipped with courage, a keen appetite for
the bizarre, and a lethal array of transmogrified toys, she'll penetrate
the strongholds of her enemies, confront the forces of evil, and put the
wicked Queen of Hearts in her place.

A Strangely Familiar, Yet Utterly Wicked Tale
Romp through a surreal but hauntingly familiar Wonderland, including the
Pool of Tears, the Mushroom Forest, and Mad Hatter's Domain. Lead Alice
on her quest to reclaim Wonderland -- stunning third-person, 3D action
based on an enhanced version of Quake III technology. Duel to the death
with psychotic renditions of characters from the original Alice
adventures, including the Mad Hatter, Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum, and
the Jabberwocky. Be guided by Wonderland's more benign creatures,
including the Cheshire Cat and a frenetic White Rabbit. Fight the
Queen's vicious minions, sadistic card guards, demonic fire imps,
ravenous jabberspawn, and many more. Unravel devious puzzles, from the
labyrinthine Fortress of Doors to chicanery-filled Psychedelic Funhouse.
Defeat your enemies with a collection of the most deadly toys ever
imagined - roll nasty dice, hurl an exploding jack-in-the-box, and much
more. Immerse yourself in the Alice sound, which includes original music
composed especially for American McGee's Alice. Created by renowned
level designer American McGee--his impressive list of credits includes
levels design for Doom II and the Quake series.

Note :

Be sure to copy over the crack from CD1's /crack directory.
When asked for the serial: enter XXXX-XXXXXXX-XXXXXXX-XXXX
/Team FairLight