From my own collection, a set of books for those open minded to some non-belief and exploration of religion, includes de-DRM epubs of:


What Do You Do With a Chocolate Jesus by Thomas Quinn

What Do You Do with a Chocolate Jesus? (An Irreverent History of Christianity) is a funny, skeptical, but genuine exploration of the Christian history they don’t teach in Sunday school. It finds humor, irony, and occasional insight amid the inconsistencies, absurdities, and flat out weirdness that too often passes for eternal truth.


The Atheist Camel Chronicles: Debate Themes & Arguments for the Non-Believer (and those who think they might be) - Dromedary Hump 

It's not often one finds an opinionated camel with humor, biting wit, cutting sarcasm, unabashed irreverence, outright blasphemy, and on-point arguments for rational thought and against religious delusion. An advocate of reason and common sense, the author debunks traditional believer apologetics and challenges theist platitudes, while providing food for thought and debate fodder for the neophyte to intermediate atheist. With more than one hundred no-holds-barred, plain-speaking rants and essays on a variety of religious subjects, The Atheist Camel Chronicles is the go-to book to find a burr to place under the saddle of the holier than thou, or to glean retorts to the banal "Truths" that religionists use to bolster their faith in the face of the Scientific Age and 21st century reality. Sometimes funny, always hard hitting and thought provoking, this book belongs in the library of every atheist, agnostic and skeptic who engages in debate and discourse with the religiously afflicted. 


The Atheist Camel Rants Again! more arguments and observations from the atheist front - Bart Centre and Dromedary Hump 

He’s back, and his camelus dromedarius disposition hasn’t mellowed. In this sequel to the popular The Atheist Camel Chronicles, Dromedary Hump (Aka, Bart Centre) delivers one-hundred essays on a medley of religious themes important to freethinkers and atheist activists. Drawn from the best of his writings, each short chapter chronicles real-life observations, poignant commentary on topical issues, and flights of fictional fancy that critically explore the havoc religion-think and the theistically afflicted impose on all of us. Unique in the genre, this book touts no theory or esoterica. Every chapter supplies the reader with easily absorbed, thought-provoking insights designed to educate, stimulate activism, and prepare the freethinker to challenge even some of the most inventive religionist precepts and apologetics. Messrs. Centre’s /Hump’s inimitable style combines sarcasm, humor, irony, unabashed bluntness, and more than a pinch of snarkiness, making The Atheist Camel Rants Again! hard to put down and harder still to forget. 


God Hates You, Hate Him Back: Making Sense of The Bible - CJ Werleman

…makes the ultimate case for the claim that the God of the Bible is the most wicked character in the pages of history. With a wit as dry as a martini, and the cross examination techniques of a seasoned lawyer, CJ Werleman lays out all sixty-six chapters of the Bible to present an irrefutable argument that indeed God hates us all. If you have never read or never fully understood The Bible then you will do no better than this unique, comedic, 21st century summary of the greatest story ever sold, or in Werleman’s own words ‘never read’. God Hates You, Hate Him Back provides you with an arsenal of Biblical facts, stories, mythology and assertions to ensure you victory in your next religious debate.


Bible Delusion - Why Belief in the Infallible Word of God is a Delusion - Will Foote

An insightful review of some of the logical errors found in the bible. E.g. "The Bible story of the Deluge is at once the biggest and the most ridiculous in the whole volume. Any person who reads it with the eyes of common sense, and some slight knowledge of science, must admit that it is altogether incredible and absurd, and that the book which contains it cannot be the Word of God ...
Noah was commanded by God to build an ark for the reception-of the precious living freight, the dimensions of which were to be, in English measure, 550 feet long, 93 feet wide, and 55 feet deep. Into this floating box they all got; the flood then came and covered the earth, and all besides were drowned ...
How did Noah contrive to bring these beasts, birds, and insects all together in one spot? The task seems superhuman. Some species could be found only in very remote places—the kangaroo only in Australia, the sloth only in South America, the polar bear only in the Arctic regions. How could Noah, in those days of difficult locomotion, have journeyed in search of these across broad rivers, and over continents and oceans?


Christian No More: On Leaving Christianity, Debunking Christianity, and Embracing Atheism and Freethinking - Jeffrey Mark 

This book is for everyone: Atheists will find excellent arguments to help them defend their positions; Agnostics will appreciate the clarification it brings; Christians who are struggling will find this book a great help in breaking free from their shackles as they learn exactly why there's no possible way Christianity is true and why they don't have to worry ever again. 


The Fallacy of Fine-Tuning: Why the Universe Is Not Designed for Us - Victor J. Stenger

A number of authors have noted that if some physical parameters were slightly changed, the universe could no longer support life, as we know it. This implies that life depends sensitively on the physics of our universe. Does this "fine-tuning" of the universe also suggest that a creator god intentionally calibrated the initial conditions of the universe such that life on earth and the evolution of humanity would eventually emerge? Some influential scientists, such as National Institutes of Health Director Francis Collins, think so. Others go even further, asserting that science "has found God."
In this in-depth, lucid discussion of this fascinating and controversial topic, physicist Victor J. Stenger looks at the same evidence and comes to the opposite conclusion. He states at the outset that as a physicist he will go wherever the data takes him, even if it leads him to God. But after many years of research in particle physics and thinking about its implications, he finds that the observations of science and our naked senses not only show no evidence for God, they provide evidence beyond a reasonable doubt that God does not exist.
Stenger argues that many of the claims by theists are based on their misunderstanding of the science. He looks at the specific parameters and shows that plausible reasons can be found for the values they have within the existing standard models of physics and cosmology. These models are introduced in detail so that the reader has the background needed to understand the role of the parameters claimed to be fine-tuned and judge the veracity of the arguments.


H.L. Mencken on Religion - H. L. Mencken

No one ever argued more forcefully or with such acerbic wit against the foolish aspects of religion as H L Mencken. As a journalist, he gained national prominence through his newspaper columns describing the famous 1925 Scopes trial, which pitted religious fundamentalists against a public school teacher who dared to teach evolution. But both before and after the Scopes trial, Mencken spent much of his career as a columnist and book reviewer lampooning the ignorant piety of gullible Americans. S T Joshi has brought together and organised many of Mencken's writings on religion in this provocative and entertaining collection. The articles presented here include satirical accounts of a range of the religious phenomena of his time. On a more serious note are his discussions of the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche and the scientific worldview as a rival to religious belief. Also included are poignant autobiographical accounts of Mencken's own upbringing and his core beliefs on religion, ethics, and politics. H.L. Mencken knew that satire, wit, and clever jesting were the most effective ways to battle religious folly, and he used these weapons to their fullest extent in writings spanning almost three decades.


Harlot by The Side of The Road - Forbidden Tales of The Bible - Jonathan Kirsch

Kirsch, an attorney and book critic, retells some of the juicier stories of the Bible in contemporary language. He expands upon the original biblical text to make the stories highly readable and includes with each the original text in modern translation and a brief sketch of the scholarly research and the speculation surrounding it. For those to whom Bible stories suggest "Disneyesque animals and simple uplifting moral lessons," this book may be a bit of a shock. Kirsch shows that the Bible is not a children's book. Then, as now, rape, incest, prostitution, murder, and strange religious cults were a part of life. As Kirsch says, "The Bible is a map of the human heart, and no secret chamber or hidden passage is left out." Kirsch contends that returning to the Bible can offer insight into modern issues. Mostly, however, he offers an irresistible popularization of some unfamiliar stories. Some readers will enjoy it; others will be highly offended.


Irreligion: A Mathematician Explains Why the Arguments for God Just Don't Add Up by John Allen Paulos

Few of the recent books on atheism have been worth reading just for wit and style, but this is one of them: Paulos is truly funny. De-spite the title, the Temple University math professor doesn't actually discuss mathematics much, which will be a relief to any numerically challenged readers who felt intimidated by his previous book Innumeracy: Mathematical Illiteracy and Its Consequences. In this short primer (just the gist with an occasional jest), Paulos tackles 12 of the most common arguments for God, including the argument from design, the idea that a moral universality points to a creator God, the notion of first causes and the argument from coincidence, among others. Along the way, he intersperses irreverent and entertaining little chapterlets that contain his musings on various subjects, including a rather hilarious imagined IM exchange with God that slyly parodies Neale Donald Walsch's Conversations with God. Why does solemnity tend to infect almost all discussions of religion? Paulos asks, clearly bemoaning the dearth of humor. This little book goes a long way toward correcting the problem, and provides both atheists and religious apologists some digestible food for thought along the way.


Jesus Lied - He Was Only Human_ Debunking the New Testament - CJ Werleman

Jesus Lied. He Was Only Human' is arguably the most comprehensive and exhaustive debunking of the Christian myth on bookshelves today. Like a forensic accountant, Werleman meticulously pulls apart the New Testament thread-by-thread until the greatest lie ever told if exposed for all to see. Werleman not only reveals the suffering - Jesus caused his early followers, he cleverly demonstrates that the New Testament is brimming with contradictory views, conflicting accounts, historical flaws, and irreconcilable discrepancies. Comprehensive. Funny. Entertaining. A must read for anyone who wants to silence their evangelical friends.


Letters To Christian Leaders - Hollow Be Thy Claims by Jake Farr-Wharton

The arbitrary persecution of Christians, perpetrated by atheists, has gone on long enough. It is totally, completely and utterly unfair that Christians receive this constant barrage from atheists who base their attacks on what they think Christians believe. With this in mind, this book analyses the sermons and articles of some of the most prominent Christians in America (and those other inconsequential 'non-American' countries). Using facts, evidence and logic - and a dash of toilet humor - this book directly eviscerates the statements and claims made by these 'Christian Leaders' - these fishers of men and shepherds of 'sheeple'. The only reason you would still call yourself Christian after reading this book is if your name is Christian, which is regrettable, but understandable (though you should really consider changing your name). Blind faith is not a virtue, it's a delusion.


Lost Books of the Bible: The Great Rejected Texts by Joseph Lumpkin

Eighteen of the most sought after books available, which shed light on the evolution of our faith, our theology, and our church. Translations and commentary by the author of the best selling book, "The Lost Book of Enoch," Joseph B. Lumpkin.


The Religion Virus: Why we believe in God: An evolutionist explains religion's incredible hold on humanity by Craig A. James

Like a selfish gene or a parasite, the religion virus catches a free ride in the minds of our species, infecting our history and culture. What Guns, Germs and Steel did for anthropology, this book does for faith. It puts the pieces together into a fascinating, coherent model that makes sense! (Dan Barker, President, Freedom From Religion Foundation.) Craig A. James has written an accessible book on evolution and religion that manages to explain memetics while being both funny and touching. (Wes Unruh, author, The Art of Memetics, editor of alteratic.com.) Full of powerful, ground-breaking ideas, packaged in a deceptively simple, easy-reading style. James has created one of those rare books where, every few pages, I find myself thinking, "I need to send a copy of this to so-and-so." This is the most fun I've had reading non-fiction in a long time.


Why I Am Not a Christian: Four Conclusive Reasons to Reject the Faith by Richard Carrier

Dr. Richard Carrier, world renowned philosopher and historian, explains the four reasons he does not accept the Christian religion, describing four facts of the world that, had they been different, he would believe. He is brief, clear, and down to earth, covering the whole topic in under ninety pages of easy-to-read explanation. Those four reasons are God's silence, God's inaction, the lack of evidence, and the way the universe looks exactly like a godless universe would, and not at all like a Christian universe would, even down to its very structure. Dr. Carrier addresses all the usual replies to these claims, in ways you might not have heard before, relying on his wide experience in debating and studying these issues all over the world for more than fifteen years. A perfect book to introduce yourself, or your friends, to why fewer educated people are embracing Christianity than ever before. Ideal for handing out to door-to-door missionaries.


Worlds Of Their Own: A Brief History of Misguided Ideas: Creationism, Flat-Earthism, Energy Scams, and the Velikovsky Affair by Robert J. Schadewald

The best way of understanding science is to understand pseudoscience, a valuable lesson in this time of ‘Intelligent Design’ swindles. Once you realize that ‘Scientific Creationism’ works exactly like Velikovskyism and Flat Earth ‘Science,’ the jig is up. Schadewald’s good-natured but unsparing scrutiny is both hilarious and infuriating.




Enjoy and Seed!!