In 1973, Deep Purple's legendary Mark II lineup imploded with singer Ian Gillan and bassist Roger Glover the odd men out. Ritchie Blackmore originally wanted ex-Free singer Paul Rodgers to replace Gillan but eventually settled for an unknown, future Whitesnake leader David Coverdale who at the time had a very similar style. Glenn Hughes, ex-Trapeze became the bass player with a little something extra, he was also an accomplished singer. This contrast of the bluesy Coverdale and the high pitched Hughes came alive on "Burn", released in February 1974. Although many fans missed Gillan's explosive screaming, there was no denying that the new tandem could rock out as well, as evidenced by many of the tracks on this album. The title song quickly immersed itself along side the great Purple classics and featured the new lineup (dubbed Mark III) firing on all cylinders. Blackmore's incredible guitar solo matched perfectly with Jon Lord's high energy organ and Ian Paice's virtuoso drumming combined perfectly with Coverdale's bitting verse and Hughes' wailing bridge. Other classics include "Might Just Take Your Life", "Sail Away", "Lay Down, Stay Down", and "What's Going On Here" all featuring Coverdale/Hughes tradeoffs except for the finale (not counting the instumental "'A' 200"). "Mistreated" featured Coverdale solo and became a stage favorite for the new Purple, Whitesnake, and Rainbow, a testament to the song's enduring power. I personally prefer Rainbow's version as Dio deliveres one of the greatest performances by a singer ever. Also this song could be seen as a slight ripoff of Free's "Heartbreaker", given how much of a fan Blackmore was of Paul Rodgers, but they're both great songs in their own right. Deep Purple rose from the ashes to regain their status as one of the big three in heavy rock along with Zep and Sabbath and David Coverdale showed why he belonged in rock's big leagues.

by Mark H. "mrh"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Burn.wma                                                    
02 - Might Just Take Your Life.wma                               
03 - Lay Down, Stay Down.wma                                     
04 - Sail Away.wma                                               
05 - You Fool No One.wma                                         
06 - What's Goin' On Here.wma                                    
07 - Mistreated.wma                                              
08 - -A- 200.wma      

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!