Edison Lighthouse - Love Grows (1970 Mpg)

I'm In A Good Mood Tonigt So IGive You This
Edison Lighthouse - Love Grows (1970)

I Whis You All A Happy New Year Iron_horse

Video: MPEG1 Video 352x288 (4:3) 25.00fps 1150Kbps [Video]
Audio: MPEG Audio 44100Hz stereo 224Kbps [Audio]
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Grows_%28Where_My_Rosemary_Goes%29
"Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" is a popular song by "one-hit wonder" Edison Lighthouse. The single hit the number one spot on the UK singles chart on 

the week ending on 31 January 1970, where it remained for a total of five weeks.

Song profile
"Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" was written by Tony Macaulay, Barry Mason and Sylvan Whittingham. Essentially they were a studio group with prolific 

session singer Tony Burrows providing the vocals. When the song became number one a group needed to be put together rapidly to feature on the popular TV show 

Top Of The Pops. Sylvan Whittingham found a group called Greenfields and brought them to the auditions a week before Top of the Pops. Once chosen and 

rehearsed non-stop they appeared on the show as 'Edison Lighthouse' to mime to the fastest climbing no 1 hit record in history. Burrows sang the song on the 

programme, which happened to be his third appearance on the same show with three different groups. It reached number 5 on US pop chart, number 3 in Canada, 

and number 1 on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks in January and February 1970.

Biography  by Jason Ankeny  allmusic.com
The British pop group Edison Lighthouse was primarily the vehicle of session vocalist Tony Burrows; the group's lone hit, 1970's "Love Grows (Where My 

Rosemary Goes)," was one of four simultaneous U.K. Top Ten records scored by Burrows under different names (the others were White Plains' "My Baby Loves 

Lovin'," the Pipkins' "Gimme Dat Ding," and the Brotherhood of Man's "United We Stand"). In truth, Edison Lighthouse was merely the alias of songwriters and 

producers Tony McCaulay and Barry Mason, although members of the group Greenfield Hammer were eventually brought in to perpetuate the image of a real 

working band; after the success of "Love Grows," Burrows exited to pursue other projects, and McCaulay, who owned the copyright to the Edison name, simply 

assembled another group to record under the alias. The second Edison Lighthouse barely cracked the U.K. Top 50 with the single "It's Up to You, Petula" before 

vanishing.

See my other Torrents: http://thepiratebay.org/user/Iron_Horse/