***If you are a (R)PCV and found this ebook useful, please consider donating to the authors so that new editions of this book can be funded for future PCVs; Thanks!***


Peace Corps may be "the toughest job you'll ever love" but you don't always have to learn that the hard way. This is the handbook we wish someone would have given us, something no one has provided before: a companion book that allows you to learn from the experiences of outstanding Volunteers and catalog your own experience from the very beginning of your service to the end. This is a guide and journal in an easy-to-use and easy-to-write-in handbook designed to be with you before you join, while you serve and after you come back from your Peace Corps experience.

In addition to all the wonderful digital resources out there for Peace Corps Volunteers we think there is still something special about reading a good book with a pen in your hand, ready to add your thoughts and make it your own. Everyone's service is personal and unique, which guarantees no two handbooks will ever be the same. Your name goes on the front cover because it's yours. Right now the Unofficial Handbook includes seven sections, with more to come in the future...

    Applying to Peace Corps
    Preparing for Peace Corps
    Training for Peace Corps
    Your First Year
    Your Second Year
    Returning to America
    Helpful Resources



About Peace Corps
Since 1961, the Peace Corps has shared with the world America's most precious resource – its people. Nearly 200,000 Peace Corps Volunteers have served in more than 130 countries in Africa, Asia, the Caribbean, Central and South America, Europe, and the Middle East. Collaborating with local community members, Volunteers work in areas like education, youth outreach and community development, the environment, and information technology.

Coming from all walks of life and representing the rich diversity of the American people, Volunteers range in age from college students to retirees. Every Peace Corps Volunteer's experience is different. From teaching English to elementary school children in Zambia to launching a computer learning center in Moldova to promoting HIV/AIDS awareness in South Africa to working on soil conservation in Panama, Volunteers bring their skills and life experiences to where they are needed most. To learn more please visit PeaceCorps.gov. Please remember this handbook is unofficial and a service project, we love but do not represent any official position of the Peace Corps.

Author: Travis Hellstrom
Pages: 256 
Publisher: Lulu; 1st edition (August 7, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 055757093X
ISBN-13: 978-0557570935

Format: PDF

Main site: http://www.peacecorpshandbook.com/