MUSIC COLLECTOR PRO VERSION 9.3.1
Music Collector is the Music Edition of the                               
Collectorz.com series of collection managers. 
                                                
Visit for additional help &further information if required>
 
http://www.collectorz.com/  ]

SCANNED 100% VIRUS FREE.     
                       


Browse your CD collection
Browse your CD inventory, ordered by Artist, Genre, Release Year, Purchase Date, etc... 
View your lists in a columnar List View or in the cool Images View. 
Group your CDs in folders, e.g. by Artist or Genre, etc... Or scroll through them as one big list. 
Alternatively, browse your music database in Track View, where tracks can be listed, grouped and sorted, independent of the CD they appear on. 



Add CDs to your CD database in 3 easy steps!
Step 1. Insert the CD in your computer 
Music Collector will read the CD's ID and search for its data and cover images. 
Step 2. Select your CD from the Search Results 
For most CDs there will be only one result, so you just have to confirm it's the right one. 
Step 3. Click Add to add the CD to your database 
Music Collector will now download all information including Artist, Title, Release Year, Label, Genre, 
all Track Titles and lengths and the cover images. 

Alternative methods to catalog your CDs
Enter Artist and Title: Just typing the Artist and Title is a simple way to add CDs, especially if you want to add multiple CDs from the same artist. It is also a good way to add vinyl records. 
Scan the CD barcode: Scanning barcodes is the fastest way to add CDs. No need to insert CDs, but still giving precise search results. 
Data entry and maintenance tools
Built-in Auto Capitalization function, e.g. typing "goodbye blue sky" will automatically change into "Goodbye Blue Sky". 
The AutoCap feature is fully user configurable, including an exceptions list. 
Automatic Sort Title generator make sure that title like "The Wall" are sorted correctly. 
Next/Previous buttons in Edit Album screen let you edit multiple albums in a row, without leaving the edit screen. 
Use the Edit Multiple feature to modify data for multiple albums or tracks in one go. 
Rename data fields to suit your needs, several User Defined fields are available for this purpose. 
Sorting and Searching
Order your CD lists and track lists any way you like using the Sort Order screen. 
Use the Quick Search box to search your entire database for the occurrence of a particular text. 
Use the same filters in Album and Track View, switch back and forth to see the same filter results in both views 
Save your sort order definitions and activate them directly using the Sort Order menu on the toolbar. 
Mix album and track fields in your filters (e.g. album.artist = madonna AND track.title contains "love"). 
Save your filters and activate them directly using the Filter menu on the toolbar. 
Or build advanced filters with the Filter screen, using brackets, AND, OR, NOT, equal, not equal, greater than, less than, 
"contains" and wildcards 



View your album details in several cool skins[/b]
Choose from various included layout templates and styles. 
Download templates and styles created by other users. 
Create your own templates and styles using XSL and CSS code. 



INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
1> Run Set Up
2> Replace exe with Cracked exe from Crack Folder
3> Done!!




