For those of you in school or secondary education this application could be a big asset for you. You just have to learn the interface, and you will find references flowing into your own text with remarkable ease.

Official Web Site:  http://www.mekentosj.com/papers/

Organize your research, all of it. Papers2 helps you organize over 85 different document types

Papers doesn’t just want your PDFs, it will gladly organize all your documents, whether they are word documents, spreadsheets, presentations, posters, scanned receipts, and many more. Papers even has a dedicated space for your own articles, and conference related materials, like your travel documents and posters

Some papers are special. Easily keep track of your own papers and documents

Your papers deserve their own place in Papers. Keep your own work at your fingertips, anytime. Papers keeps track of your manuscripts as well. As soon as you enter a citation, a manuscript file is added to your Papers library. Upgrading a manuscript to published status moves it from manuscripts into the general library, and into My Papers.

The world at your fingertips Unified Search
Built-in search engines help you find anything you might be looking for, searching a variety of repositories, all at once. 

Now that’s efficient. You can select search engines to add to your favorites, and with one click of a button search in all of them at the same time.

Import from everywhere. Print to Papers from every app or open any webpage in Papers.

Print to Papers from any application, whether you are browsing the web or reading an email. Staying organized now requires just one step! Any document can be imported to Papers, but alternatively anything can also be printed to Papers as a PDF. This will help you save those interesting online articles, and important emails.

and more....

System Requirements:

Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard and above · System requirements
Papers requires an Intel Mac · At least a 2 Ghz Core Duo processor or better.


--- PLEASE SEED ---

