James Moody - Return From Overbrook 
Date: 1950's
Audio CD: March 12, 1996 
Label: Grp Records 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Two of James Moody's better albums from the 1950's are reissued in full on this single Chess CD: Last Train From Overbrook and Flute 'N The Blues. The former session features Moody (on tenor, alto and flute) backed by ten horns and a four-piece rhythm section on a variety of strong straightahead material (including the title cut, "What's New," "Tico-Tico" and "The Moody One") while the latter is a septet outing that also has solos by trumpeter Johnny Coles, trombonist William Shepherd and baritonist Pee Wee Moore along with three memorable vocals from Eddie Jefferson. Recommended. ~ Scott Yanow

This 1996 US CD on MCA/Chess/GRP 18102 features two whole albums by James Moody which were on Leonard and Phil Chess's Jazz label offshoot "Argo". It breaks down as follows (63:54 minutes): 

Tracks 1 to 10 are "Last Train From Overbrook", a 1958 USA-Only LP on Argo 637 [Mono] 
Tracks 11 to 20 are "Flute N' The Blues", a 1956 USA-Only LP on Argo 603 [Mono] 

The 1st generation analogue master tapes have been remastered by one of Universal's top engineers ERICK LABSON and the sound quality is superb throughout. The 16-page booklet has a preamble by Dave Usher (Argo and Chess producer) and further liner notes by Bob Blumenthal (a Jazz critic for The Boston Globe) - it also pictures album sleeves and label close-ups and has discography information on the sessions where known. 

Moody was primarily an Alto and Tenor Saxophone player, but he also excelled on the flute. His session men included Johnny Coles on Trumpet, William Sheppard on Trombone, Numa "Pee Wee" Moore on Baritone Sax with Jimmy Boyd on Piano, John Lathan on Bass and Clarence Johnston on Drums. The "Last Train From Overbrook" album is entirely instrumental, but three tracks from "Flute 'N The Blues" - "Birdland Story", "Parker's Mood" (lyrics above) and "I Cover The Waterfront" feature Eddie Jefferson on scat vocals. 

The title comes from his turbulent stay at the "Overbrook" Mental Institution in New Jersey and the music is imbibed with his journey of redemption from that awful place and mindset. 

Now in his late 80's, Georgia-born James Moody played in the USA as late as 2009 and this CD reissue certainly shows why he's still such a draw. 
It's now quite a rare disc, but well worth seeking out - especially given the wonderful sound quality. 

PS: Erick Labson has over 900 mastering, audio restoration and remastering credits to his name (including almost all of the huge Chess catalogue) and if you click on the 'Tag' marked "Erick Labson Remasters" attached to this review, you will see a pictorial list of over 80 other titles that he's been involving in (I've also reviewed many of them). ~ Mark Berry, Reckless Records Store, London


James Moody (alto, tenor sax)
Johnny Coles (trumpet)
Eddie Jefferson (vocals)
Junior Mance (piano)
Numa Moore (baritone sax)
William Shepherd (trombone)
Sonny Cohn (trumpet)
Bill Atkins (alto sax)
Red Holt (drums)
Others

James Moody - Return From Overbrook Tracks:
01  Last Train From Overbrook
02  Don't Worry 'Bout Me
03  Why Don't You
04  I'm Free a.k.a. What's New?
05  Tico-Tico
06  There She Goes
07  All The Things Your Are
08  Brother Yusef
09  Yvonne
10  The Moody One
11  Flute 'n The Blues
12  Birdland Story
13  It Could Happen To You
14  I Cover The Waterfront
15  Body And Soul
16  Breaking The Blues
17  Parker's Mood
18  Easy Living
19  Boo's Tune
20  Richard's Blues