All tv rips collected from far and asunder.
Mostly excellent quality with a couple of older vhs rips being not awfully terrific.
Some have the matching xbmc files.

No doubt some of these are available on the demon . . . but if you live a reality based life,and/or are diggin' on the science - this set of doccos is for you.

Escape to Reality HERE:
http://www.theskepticsguide.org/


The Joy of Stats:
(EXCELLENT !! This is an absolute must see)

Presented by superstar boffin Professor Hans Rosling, whose eye-opening, mind-expanding and funny online lectures have made him an international internet legend.
Rosling is a man who revels in the glorious nerdiness of statistics, and here he entertainingly explores their history, how they work mathematically and how they can be used in today's computer age to see the world as it really is, not just as we imagine it to be.
Rosling's lectures use huge quantities of public data to reveal the story of the world's past, present and future development. Now he tells the story of the world in 200 countries over 200 years using 120,000 numbers - in just four minutes.

*****

Dangerous Knowledge:
History, Science Documentary narrated by David Malone and published by BBC in 2007
In this one-off documentary, David Malone looks at four brilliant mathematicians - Georg Cantor, Ludwig Boltzmann, Kurt GÃƒÂ¶del and Alan Turing - whose genius has profoundly affected us, but which tragically drove them insane and eventually led to them all committing suicide.
The film also talks to the latest in the line of thinkers who have continued to pursue the question of whether there are things that mathematics and the human mind cannot know. They include Greg Chaitin, mathematician at the IBM TJ Watson Research Center, New York, and Roger Penrose.
Dangerous Knowledge tackles some of the profound questions about the true nature of reality that mathematical thinkers are still trying to answer today.

Part 1: God's Messenger
The film begins with Georg Cantor, the great mathematician whose work proved to be the foundation for much of the 20th-century mathematics. He believed he was God's messenger and was eventually driven insane trying to prove his theories of infinity.
Ludwig Boltzmann's struggle to prove the existence of atoms and probability eventually drove him to suicide.

Part 2: The Enigma
Kurt Goetel, the introverted confidant of Einstein, proved that there would always be problems which were outside human logic. His life ended in a sanatorium where he starved himself to death.

Part: 3 Alan Turing
The great Bletchley Park code breaker, father of computer science, died trying to prove that some things are fundamentally unprovable.
Lets not forget he was chemically neutered and driven to suicide by his Government, not much less than state sanctioned murder.

Yes people the Government of the UK persecuted to death one of the greatest minds in history.
The State has no business on your bedroom.
The state does not have the right to decide who you can or cannot marry.
The state does not have the right to decide on the physical or emotional nature of interactions between consenting adults.
Im not gay and I dont give a flying fuck who is or for that matter , isnt.
Before any of you religousy types throw any kind of scripture into the ring... dont bother - Im an aetheist too.

*****

The Story of Math:
The Story of Maths is a BBC series outlining aspects of the history of mathematics. The series was a co-production between the Open University and the BBC and aired in October 2008 on BBC Four. The material was written and presented by Oxford professor Marcus du Sautoy.

The series comprised four programmes respectively titled:
1. The Language of the Universe
2. The Genius of the East
3. The Frontiers of Space
4. To Infinity and Beyond.

Du Sautoy documents the development of mathematics covering subjects such as the invention of zero and the unproven Riemann hypothesis, a 150 year old problem for which the Clay Mathematics Institute has offered a $1,000,000 prize for its solution. He escorts viewers through the subject's history and geography. He examines the development of key mathematical ideas and shows how mathematical ideas underpin the science, technology, and culture that shape our world.
He starts his journey in ancient Egypt and finishes it by looking at current mathematics. But in between he travels through Babylon, Greece, India, China, and the medieval Middle East. He also looks at mathematics in Europe and then in America and takes the viewers inside the lives of many of the greatest mathematicians.

*****

Beautiful Equations:
Artist and writer Matt Collings takes the plunge into an alien world of equations. He asks top scientists to help him understand five of the most famous equations in science, talks to Stephen Hawking about his equation for black holes and comes face to face with a particle of anti-matter.
Along the way he discovers why Newton was right about those falling apples and how to make sense of E=mc2. As he gets to grips with these equations he wonders whether the concept of artistic beauty has any relevance to the world of physics.

*****

Also included are:

Fractals - Hunting the Hidden Dimension
High Anxieties - The Mathematics Of Chaos
Horizon 1996 - Fermat's Last Theorum
Horizon - Alan and Marcus Go Forth and Multiply
Horizon - How Long is a Piece of String
Open University - Emergence of Greek Mathematics
Powers Of Ten
The Music of the Primes
The Secret Life Of Chaos
To Infinity and Beyond
Equinox - Chaos