Get Yourself A College Girl | 1964 | USA

Genre:    Comedy | Musical | Romance
Runtime:  1:26:13
Source:   TV
Encoding: XviD
Video:    688x352, 23.97 fps, 16:9 aspect ratio
Audio:    MPEG Mono, 44.1kHz, 160kbps VBR
Language: English (audio)
IMDB:     http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0161612/
Rating:   4.3/10 (177 votes)

Starring: Mary Ann Mobley, Joan O'Brien, Nancy Sinatra, Chad Everett and Willard Waterman
Directed by: Sidney Miller

Notes:

 - This film is extraordinarily rare. It's only available as a TV rip as it has never been released on any sort of home video as far as I can tell. This may well be the first time it has ever appeared on the internet anywhere.
 
 - Yes, it's rated 4.3 at IMDB, and it's not a very good movie, a sort of beach party without the beach, with a silly plot and campy acting, but this misses the point: it's merely a framework to hang the excellent musical acts on. I figured this out when I stumbled upon it on late-night TV and the likes of Stan Getz and Astrud Gilberto (backed by the Stan Getz Quartet,) Jimmy Smith (backed by his Trio, and he made almost eighty albums and never appeared in any other movie,) The Animals, The Dave Clark Five and three more groups showed up in this B-movie and played. So, I've been looking for it for almost twenty years.
 
 - To reduce any further degradation of the audio (as this movie's all about the music) I encoded it at 160kbps. (I also re-encoded it six times until I was happy with the clipping and quality, and edited a couple of flaky parts which have slight remnants at the thirty and fifty-five minute marks. If you are happy with the work, I only ask a "+" ;^) )

 - I seed using "Initial Seeding" which means that the torrent may show zero seeds; disregard this as I will seed for several days until there are other seeds.

 - Please make sure to seed as my upstream is rather slow (256kbps.) Small-scale torrents of hard-to-find large files such as rare movies are more vulnerable to dying if everyone doesn't seed to 100% or higher. Please do your part so free media will always be available. If everyone seeded to 101%, no torrent would ever die.