Buono, il Brutto, il Cattivo, Il (1966)

Alternatieve titel: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly 

Italië / Spanje / West-Duitsland
Western
161 minuten / 179 minuten (re-release)



geregisseerd door Sergio Leone
met Clint Eastwood, Lee van Cleef en Eli Wallach

Tijdens de Amerikaanse Burgeroorlog hebben de gunfighter Blondie (‘The Good’) en de gezochte Mexicaanse outlaw Tuco (‘The Ugly’) een deal gesloten: Blondie levert Tuco aan een sheriff uit, strijkt de hoge beloning op, redt hem dan op het nippertje van de strop en slaan vervolgens op de vlucht. Dit plan is diverse keren succesvol. Dan vernemen beiden van de stervende officier Bill Carson informatie over een gestolen geldkist met 200.000 dollar aan gouden munten. Onderweg maken Blondie en Tuco kennis met de meedogenloze premiejager Angel Eyes (‘The Bad’), die ook op zoek is naar de geldkist.

Deze film staat op nummer 6 in de films top 250
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/332

Storyline

Blondie (The Good) is a professional gunslinger who is out trying to earn a few dollars. Angel Eyes (The Bad) is a hit man who always commits to a task and sees it through, as long as he is paid to do so. And Tuco (The Ugly) is a wanted outlaw trying to take care of his own hide. Tuco and Blondie share a partnership together making money off Tuco's bounty, but when Blondie unties the partnership, Tuco tries to hunt down Blondie. When Blondie and Tuco comes across a horse carriage loaded with dead bodies, they soon learn from the only survivor (Bill Carson) that he and a few other men have buried a stash of gold in a cemetery. Unfortunately Carson dies and Tuco only finds out the name of the cemetery, while Blondie finds out the name on the grave. Now the two must keep each other alive in order to find the gold. Angel Eyes (who had been looking for Bill Carson) discovers that Tuco and Blondie meet with Carson and knows they know the location of the gold... 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060196/



Video: DVD Rip Retail
Audio: AC 3  5.1 English German
Subs: English German French Dutch Swedish Finnish Norwegian Danish Portuguese Polish Greek Hebrew Turkish Szech Slovenian Romanian
Menu: Yes
ID: 224 (0xE0)
Formaat: MPEG Video
Formaatversie: Version 2
Bitrate-modus: Variabel
Breedte: 720 pixels
Hoogte: 576 pixels
Beeldverhouding: 16:9
Framerate: 25,000 fps
Standaard: PAL
Cover: Yes

Enjoy The Movie