Mirillis Splash PRO EX 1.9.0 Incl. Patch RES


Splash PRO - the ultimate HD player! Splash PRO lets you enjoy your videos like never before – smooth motion, crisp details and vivid colors. Introducing the next generation media player for PC. Watch High Definition movies and camcorder clips. Discover the power of Picture² post-processing engine, enjoy the stunning video quality and unique user experience.
Designed and optimized for HD! Play all your High Definition MPEG-2 and AVC/H.264 camcorder clips and movies, incredibly fast, smooth and without problems. You don't need any additional codecs. Download, install, watch. It takes about one second to start application and High Definition video playback! Full AVCHD™ format support is available in Splash PRO.
Picture² - just stunning video quality! Advanced picture post-processing engine, delivering stunning video quality. Watch standard and high definition videos like never before, enjoy smooth motion, crisp details and vivid colors.

The best solution for your HD camcorder clips playback! Rediscover High Definition quality with Splash PRO and state-of-the-art Picture² technology! Watch your 20/24/25/30p clips smooth like never before with Motion² technology. Full AVCHD™ format support is available in Splash PRO.

Rediscover Digital Television. Watch, timeshift and record high quality DVB-T television with pleasure. Easy navigation and fast channel zapping. Rediscover standard television with high quality and power saving image post-processing technologies. This features is not available in PRO version. Lite version provides limited functionality, unlimited functionality will be provided in Splash TV.

Ultra responsive, stylish and innovative User Interface. Splash is compact, stylish, user friendly and incredibly fast! Splash provides the best user experience for video files playback. Designed to enjoy multimedia the proper way.

EcoMode - Save energy! EcoMode's intelligent power management is designed to reduce power consumption of your mobile PC. Enjoy up to 40% longer video playback on laptop/netbook batteries. With EcoMode you can monitor your battery power consumption, wear level and more.

Featuring Mirillis Codecs. Ultra fast audio and video decoders designed for your multi-core processor and graphics card hardware acceleration (GPU). Choose our optimized low power consumption technologies, save your mobile PC batteries, money and the environment. You don't need any additional codecs to play the best quality videos now!

Splash PRO EX combines all the features of Splash PRO with easy and fast exporting of videos to popular devices, Facebook, YouTube™ and more...

Lite version provides limited functionality, try Splash PRO for unlimited experience.

OPERATING SYSTEM: Windows® XP(SP3), Windows Vista®, Windows 7

Changes in Splash PRO 1.9.0, 01/07/2011:
* Major Motion² video quality improvements
* Improved MPEG-2 software decoding performance
* Improved H.264/AVC software decoding performance
* Stability improvements

