Copied from the Notepad++ homepage:


Notepad++ is a free (as in "free speech" and also as in "free beer") source code editor and Notepad replacement that supports several languages.
Running in the MS Windows environment, its use is governed by GPL License.

Based on the powerful editing component Scintilla, Notepad++ is written in C++ and uses pure Win32 API and STL which ensures a higher execution speed and smaller program size. By optimizing as many routines as possible without losing user friendliness, Notepad++ is trying to reduce the world carbon dioxide emissions. When using less CPU power, the PC can throttle down and reduce power consumption, resulting in a greener environment.

This project is mature. However, there may be still some bugs and missing features that are being worked on. If you have any questions or suggestions about this project, please post them in the forums.
Also, if you wish to make a feature request, you can post it there as well.
But there's no guarantee that I'll implement your request.

You're encouraged to translate Notepad++ into your native tongue if there's not already a translation present in the Binary Translations page.
And if you want, help translating Notepad++ official site into your native tongue would be greatly appreciated.

I hope you enjoy Notepad++ as much as I enjoy coding it.


Changelog:


Notepad++ v5.8.6 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.8.5) :

Fix langs.xml 0 length problem while user ends session without closing Notepad++.
Fix empty line count failure (RegExpr).
Fix task list display glitch under Windows 7.

Add trim functions (header/trailing/compact feature). 
Add white space and TAB conversion features.

Fix folding margin to be displayed when opening Notepad++ with a new/empty file (Normal text).
Fix auto-completion detection language bug.
Fix the changing theme settings makes switch back to the default theme bug.

Make english.xml customizable.


Notepad++ v5.8.5 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.8.4) :

Fix Shell Extension icon absent issue.
Fix the crash problem if config.xml is not present.
Fix tab settings not saved under Windows 7 problem.
Fix localization switching under Windows 7 problem.
Fix x64 system files problems : not included in recent file history list while closing a file.
Fix x64 system files problems : not remembered in the next session problem.
Fix the search direction not being memorized problem. 

Modify File Association dialog UI.

Fix the initial document encoding is not set by "New Document Settings".


 
Notepad++ v5.8.4 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.8.3) :

Fix memory leak problem while switching tab.
Fix User Defined Language dialog docking problem under Windows 7.
Fix backwards search with Asian codepage problem.

Add a new capacity in context menu: the menu item and folder item can be renamed (and in whichever language).

All the supported encoding charsets can be set as default in "New Document Settings".

Remove Calltip restriction from plugins side.

Add "-alwaysOnTop" command line argument.

Fix icon display glitch in shell extension context menu.



Notepad++ v5.8.3 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.8.2) :

A new application icon.

Add the capacity to open x64 system files.
Add Edit context menu command.
Add a new ability: sub-menus commands can be in the context menu.

Fix context menu reload problem (plugin commands reload fails).
Fix searching up fails while code page is set to Chinese/Japnese/Korean bug.

Remove unsupported encodings by Microsoft Windows : ISO-8859-10, ISO-8859-11, ISO-8859-16.

Fix move down current lines bug while moving down on the last line.
Fix crash issue : crash in the next launch after setting MS-DOS-Style as default language.
Fix zoom bug on the second view.
Fix a heap corruption of ColourPicker.

Due to UAC issue, doLocalConf.xml is ignored under vista and windows 7, if Notepad++ is installed in "Program files" directory.



Notepad++ v5.8.2 fixed bugs (from v5.8.1) :

Fix windows 7 crash bug while executing update.
Fix macro recording bug for the non-ASCII characters.
Fix C# syntax highlighting disabled problem after reloading.
Fix find performance issue related macro recording.

Modify SaveFile dialog behaviour: it browses inside the directory instead of creating the new file with the given directory name.



Notepad++ v5.8.1 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.8) :

Fix Actionscript lexer crash problem.
Fix saving UCS-2 text file corrupted bug.

Add word count in Summary feature.

Fix macro record bug from ANSI document.
Fix hidding/showing status bar bug.


Notepad++ v5.8 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.7) :

Upgrade Scintilla to version 2.21.

Fix a vulnerability issue: Load ScinLexer.dll with its full path to avoid hijack.
Fix Unicode file corrupted on saving bug (the buffer alignment issue).
Fix DBCS encodings file saving corruption bug.
Fix file containing NULL character loading bug.
Fix php syntax highlighting bug.
Fix dragging undocked window performance issue while using Vista Aero UI style.
Fix dragging undocked window performance issue while using Vista/Windows7 Aero UI style.
Fix large file truncated after loading problem.

Improve file loading performance.

Fix Shortcut Mapper inconsistence issue after deleting a macro or an user command.

Add 2 line wrap methods (default plus aligned and indent).
Add 2 menu commands : "Modify Shortcut/Delete Macro" and  "Modify Shortcut/Delete Command".
Add "Modify" and "Delete" buttons on Shortcut mapper dialog.
Add macro new ability to record search and replace actions.

Fix SaveSession bug.

Remove characters count feature from the status bar due to its performance issue with UTF8 file.

Fix crash issue due to themes switching.

Make folding margin hidable.

Add NPPM_GETCURRENTNATIVELANGENCODING, NPPM_ALLOCATECMDID and NPPM_ALLOCATEMARKER message (to get the current native language enconding).

Change editing settings saving behaviour : one set of settings are applied in 2 scintilla controls (except zoom).

Add Statistics feature which is accessible from the menu command "Summary..." (under menu "View") and the 2nd zone of statusbar (double click).


Notepad++ v5.7 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.6.8) :

Upgrade Scintilla to version 2.12.

Add "Inverse bookmark" feature.
Add NPPM_SAVECURRENTFILEAS message.

Fix premature deallocation bug for import UDL.

Add import/export User Defined Language features.

File detection : Switch to modified or deleted file while user is asked to reload or keep the file. 

Fix closing several detected non-existing files bug.  
Fix language switching to English not working bug.

Reduce PostIt/FullScreen restore button size.

Fix PostIt wrong restore button position after toggling off fullScreen mode.
Fix crashes on new 11 character long UDL names bug.
Fix "Save all" inconsistent icon state on toolbar.

Add new keywords of HTML 5 and css.


Notepad++ v5.6.8 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.6.7) :

Fix comment stream without selection bug.
Fix Find in files results highlighting regression bug.
Fix regression bug (include the correct SciLexer.dll) about insensible case search mode.



Notepad++ v5.6.7 new features and fixed bugs (from v5.6.6) :

Fix "Find in files" crash bug.

Focus (switch to) the dirty document while asking to save unsaved document when user close Notepad++.

Fix the bug while giving command C:\NppDir>notepad++ (w/o quote), npp try to open file "notepad++".

Enlarge regconition of clickable link from "http://" to any URI.

Fix the bug while changing the language list in Style Configurator, the "Save and close" button is enabled.



Included plugins (Unicode):

1.  TextFX v0.26
2.  Spell Checker v1.3.3
3.  NppFTP 0.23
4.  NppExport v0.2.8
5.  Compare Plugin 1.5.6.1
6.  Plugin Manager 0.9.3.1



Included plugins (ANSI):

1.  TextFX v0.25
2.  NppExec v0.4.1
3.  Spell Checker v1.3.3
4.  MIME Tools v1.6
5.  NppExport v0.2.8
6.  Light Explorer v1.6
7.  Compare Plugin 1.5.5
8.  Plugin Manager 0.9.3.1


eD2k Link:
ed2k://|file|npp.5.8.6.Installer.exe|4607330|77F99AAA50CEB7F30CA533076FA21ECC|h=CSHYXDPQ2GSQ36JGURUMHFII3HRQIHQO|/


Comments from the uploader (olofolleola4):
This is some sick shit that happened in summer 2010:
"Under the pretext of cryptographic exportation control, US government made the major FOSS hosts (SourceForge, Google code, Fedora, etc...) in USA territory comply with the Export Administration Regulations (http://www.bis.doc.gov/encryption/pubavailencsourcecodenofify.html). As a result they reject the access of FOSS resources from the 5 countries (Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria) in the "black list" of US government.

It's not the first time that a government try to control Internet access to protect its interest. One of most famous examples is the Grand Firewall of China. Obviously the US government is walking into the footsteps of the Chinese government. In our case it's about the violation of FOSS community's right, we cannot just let it happen without doing something. It should never be any government to decide who has the access right to FOSS resource and who has not.

A walk around from SourceForge:
After complying with this law, SourceForge provided an option "Export Control: non-encryption algorithms included". A mail to make this option explicit was sent to all project managers on SF recently. It's the only FOSS host who offers such walk around as far as I know. We appreciate all their efforts and we will keep our binary releases on SourceForge."

NOBODY SHOULD CENSOR FOSS!!!