Features

Designed for use with tablet PCs or digitized pen tablets, Autodesk® SketchBook® Pro drawing and painting software is your digital sketchpad. It is easy to use with fast, reactive drawing and productivity-enhancing tools that help you express your ideas freely and boost production. Use it in any design process where pen and paper would traditionally be used, including:

    Product concept design and ideation
    Illustrations
    Character studies
    Set and level designs
    Storyboarding
    Annotation and review

Autodesk Sketchbook Pro: A Natural Sketching Experience
	
View Larger
	

A Natural Sketching Experience
SketchBook Pro is your virtual sketchbook. Designed specifically for pen-based interaction, SketchBook Pro enables you to transform your desktop computer, laptop, or tablet PC into a digital sketchpad. The intuitive interface makes it easy to access a host of tools and features, including pencils, markers, brushes, colors, guides, layers, and blending effects.
Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Professional-Quality Tools
	
View Larger
	

Professional-Quality Tools
Familiar brush types and realistic and completely customizable pencils, pens, markers, and airbrushes allow you to quickly and easily produce graphics. The power of drawing straight lines, rectangles, circles, and ellipses with draw modes or snapping-to guides are at your fingertips. Use the newly added Type options to easily add annotations and descriptions.
Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Image Enhancements
	
View Larger
	

Image Enhancements
The look of your images can be fine-tuned by adjusting the colors, contrast, canvas size, and crop. Full-featured layers, including preserve transparency and blend modes, help you color and create.
Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Any Creative Process
	
View Larger
	

Any Creative Process
SketchBook Pro fits in virtually any creative workflow; load and view images and photographs for reference or mark up and annotate. SketchBook Pro lets you open and save images from a variety of image formats, including moving files directly in and out of Adobe® Photoshop® software.