Note - I havent tried this app i'm merely sharing from a trustworthy source. PLZ comment if it worked or not!!

 
http://bayimg.com/KaDPMaaDd

 
http://bayimg.com/kadpnaADd

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MyGirl is your interactive, video-based female model friend. You can interact with her on your iPhone or iPod touch in various ways. The video model responds to your finger TOUCHES on her body, DEVICE SHAKES or to the different Objects you give her. You can also BLOW on the device to cool down the model or give her a MASSAGE with your thumbs. The application consist Dozens of filmed scenes in many Different Clothing. Try to interact with MyGirl and see how she responds!!!

What the media says about MyGirl :

"So realistic that we started to have feelings for it" KrApps.com

"Want a hot girlfriend in your pocket?...MyGirl is currently the cream of the crop... MyGirl is a charming, fun and playful iPhone app and well worth the money" Apperizer.com

"..the hottest and I mean the hottest girl in the AppStore to be your girlfriend...This is such a HOT application and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !" AppStoreMod.com

"First off, let me note I'm a girl and the last thing I want to see on my or my boyfriend's iPhone is a virtual girlfriend. That being said it took a bit of patience for me to get over the fact that MyGirl is basically one hot chick that you can play with and that will actually respond to your actions.... I have seen similar apps but none that have taken it to this level of interactivity." AppBite.com

Try out the hottest REAL INTERACTIVE video application on the App Store. Unlike other applications that offer some poor control buttons over videos or jumpy still images played by sequence, we promise to give you interaction with REAL HIGH QUALITY VIDEO.





KEY FEATURES
> SUPER HOT model; OVER 40 DIFFERENT SCENES!!!
> MyGirl is INTERACTIVE. Touch, shake or blow on her. Give her presents, drinks or treats.
> Give MyGirl a MASSAGE using your thumbs.
> UNDRESS MyGirl button after button.
> Cool MyGirl down by blowing on your device.
> STROKE her body or TICKLE her.
> Spoil her with shiny presents.
> Give her a cup of coffee, a bubble gum or a lolly pop
> SHAKE your device and see what happens.
> She has RANDOM RESPONDS; so you will be surprised of her behavior.
> MyGirl SECRET MODES: see if you can find how to trigger them all!
> MyGirl fully supports English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Chinese, Japanese and Hebrew.


Seed and share!!

Click on my userame for more softs!!