 



POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - Creation - 15 -  Take This Fossel and Lie About It plus More





POtHS - Creation - 16 - Take This Fossel and Lie About It plus More


POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs


Description:

Reviewer's Notes:

New outtake of this series for the logical mind. Dr. Walther J. Veight gives four lectures on the origin of the species and tells the real history of the world. Quite amazing.
Dr. Veight lets you into the secrets people like National Geographic wants to hide from public, and he is an excellent teacher.

Have you noticed how Darwin's theory of the origin of the species, a.k.a. evolution now is being taught and referred to as proven truth, even though Mr. Darwin himself referred to it as only a theory, and later admitted that he thought the theory had to be wrong? Now check out the evidence Dr. Veith presents.

(Slight digression: And have you noticed how the word "Conspiracy" are constantly linked with the word "theory", even though so many of the conspirators, from Rockefeller to Rotschild to Kissinger to Adolf Hitler to Andrew Pike's letter to Manzini on how to make a "New World Order" come about, and the list goes on and on, they have all spoken out so freely of the plan and how they are gonna make it come true. And yet it's not "proven"? Still it's only a "Conspiracy-Theory..? Strange indeed..)

But back to the point of this upload:
If you still believe that Darwin was onto something when he came up with his theory after seeing these, then you probably also believe that the World Trade Center was brought down by two passenger jets crashing into them, and that you can just close your eyes and it'll all go away.. ..and that Jesus is dead.. But He isn't.. :-)



 Confirmed Sighting - Jesus Lives - coming 7-4-11.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    


      