Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Angel Eyes" is a song written by John Hiatt and Fred Koller, produced by Greg Ladanyi for The Jeff Healey Band's first album See the Light (1988). It was first released as the album's second single in June 1989 and peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 and twenty-four on the Billboard 's Mainstream Rock Tracks. It was later covered by Australian Idol series one contestant Paulini and became her first number-one single in Australia.

The song debuted on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 on June 17, 1989 at number eighty-five. It took a few weeks to rise but it eventually peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 spending twenty-two weeks in it. It was also the seventieth highest selling single in the U.S. for 1989. The song was also used in the 1989 film Roadhouse. John Hiatt's own version of the song finally appeared on his 1994 live album "Hiatt Comes Alive At Budokan". A studio version of the song was included on the 1998 "The Best of John Hiatt".

See the Light is the debut album by The Jeff Healey Band. It was released on September 13, 1988.

Norman Jeffrey "Jeff" Healey (March 25, 1966 - March 2, 2008) was a blind Canadian jazz and blues-rock vocalist and guitarist who attained musical and personal popularity, particularly in the 1980s and 1990s.

Healey began playing guitar when he was three, developing his unique style of playing the instrument flat on his lap. When he was 17, he formed the band Blue Direction, a four-piece band which primarily played bar-band cover tunes. Among the other musicians were bassist Jeremy Littler, drummer Graydon Chapman, and a schoolmate, Rob Quail on second guitar. This band played various local clubs in Toronto, including the Colonial Tavern.

Healey began hosting a jazz and blues show on radio station CIUT-FM where he became known for playing from his massive collection of vintage 78 rpm gramophone records.

Shortly thereafter he was introduced to two musicians, bassist Joe Rockman and drummer Tom Stephen, with whom he formed a trio, "The Jeff Healey Band". This band made their first public appearance at the Birds Nest, located upstairs at Chicago's Diner on Queen Street West in Toronto. They received a write-up in Toronto's NOW magazine, and soon were playing almost nightly in local clubs, such as Grossman's Tavern and the famed blues club Albert's Hall (where Jeff Healey was discovered by guitarists Stevie Ray Vaughan and Albert Collins).

After being signed to Arista Records in 1988, the band released the album See the Light, featuring the hit single "Angel Eyes" and the song "Hideaway", which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance. While the band was recording See the Light, they were also filming (and recording for the soundtrack of) the Patrick Swayze film Road House. Healey had numerous acting scenes in the movie with Swayze, as his band was the house cover band for the bar featured in the movie. In 1990, the band won the Juno Award for Canadian Entertainer of the Year. The albums Hell to Pay and Feel This gave Healey 10 charting singles in Canada between 1990 and 1994, including a cover of The Beatles' While My Guitar Gently Weeps which featured George Harrison and Jeff Lynne on backing vocals and acoustic guitar.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/