State Property is a 2002 American crime film starring Beanie Sigel, Omillio Sparks, Memphis Bleek and Damon Dash. Rapper Jay-Z appears in a cameo role. It was produced by Roc-A-Fella Films and distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. Abdul Malik Abbott directed the film and co-wrote its screenplay with Ernest "Tron" Anderson. The film was loosely based on Aaron Jones and the JBM in Philadelphia's drug trade from the late 1980s to early 1990s. The movie was followed by a sequel, State Property 2 which was released three years later in 2005

Frustrated with being broke, Beans (Sigel) decides that the only way to grasp 
the American Dream is to take it. The film follows Beans and his crew, the ABM, as they take over the city, creating mayhem as their empire builds. Beans now struggles to maintain his family life while bumping heads with opposing gangsters and police. It all comes to a head when he cannot surpass the city's most notorious crew, run by Untouchable J (Jay-Z) and Dame (Dash). The moves Beans and the ABM decide to make come with severe consequences






Cast
 Beanie Sigel - Beans
 Omillio Sparks - Baby Boy
 Memphis Bleek - Blizz
 Damon Dash - 'Boss' Dame
 Sundy Carter - Aisha
 Tyran 'Ty-Ty' Smith - Shareef
 Oschino - D-Nice
 Jay-Z - Untouchable J
 Brother Newz - P-Nut
 Rell - Butter
 Young Chris - Ricky
 Young Neef - Troy
 Amil - Boss' Assassin
 DJ Clue - Boss Informant
 Jacob the Jeweler - Eli
 Casha - Heather McGee
 Randolph Curtis Rand - Saul Weisberg
 Nicole Madeo - Leslie Tucci
 Leslie Pilgrim - Aja
 Kyndra Monet - Selena
 Pain in da Ass - Mario
 Dee Lee - Poochie
 Leah Leatherbury - Tonya
 Reb - Snoop
 Rashie Constantine - Mel
 Stephen 'X' Baker - Bruce
 Willie Esco - Papi Wil
 Cousin Ervan - E
 Andrea Videla - Nina


State Property has earned the dubious distinction of being near the top of the list of most "fuck" per minute of any movie (excluding a documentary on the "Fuck" word itself). Fuck is spoken 3.65 times per minute or 321 times in 88 minutes

The State Property soundtrack was entirely performed by the State Property rap group. It was released on December 11, 2001 and peaked at 14 on Billboard 200 and 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums