Members: 
Shayley Bourget - Vocals / Guitar 
Sebastian Kerravcic - Guitar 
Jordan Wooley - Bass
Raul Martinez - Drums 

Hailing from Southern California, Covette formed in mid-2004 In Lake Elsinore. The band wrote and recorded the 6 song EP known as Spar With The Truth in early 2005 but it was not released. The band began looking for a new guitar player shortly after the recording of Spar With The Truth. The band did not have to look far. 

Shayley Bourget was filling the guitarist spot at that time and wanted his full focus to be on vocals. The line up in 2005 became complete after Sebastian Kerravcic joined the band. Covette began playing more shows and expanding their local fan base. After a few local shows, The Showcase Theatre became their hometown venue. The band began to gain more recognition and endorsements from companies like, Exodus Clothing and Dimensions Clothing. In late 2005, Covette performed again at Showcase Theatre in Corona. The show ended up being more important than they realized because an A&R representative from Record Collection spin-off, Science Records was watching. After close contact with the label the band signed to Science Records in December of 2005. The band left for their first tour on April 27th 2006 with Greeley Estates. The Far From the Lies tour also included So They Say, Yesterdays Rising, and The Stiletto Formal. While on tour, the EP was officially released on May 4th.

After finishing The Far From The Lies tour, the band came home and began writing for their upcoming full length. They began to progress and become tighter as a band and as friends. The bands sound began maturing into its own unique resonance. During the writing process for the record the band did a few more tours with label mates Greeley Estates. On December of 2006 the band began recording demos for a full-length with Todd Parker (Taking Back Sunday and A Static Lullaby). With their more developed sound and a new line up, consisting of Raul Martinez on drums, Sebastian Kerravcic on guitar, Shayley Bourget on guitar and vocals and Jordan Wooley on bass, the band took off on their first Canadian tour on April of 2007. Returning from that tour the band went straight into the studio with producer Cameron Webb (The Warriors, Over it, Lit, Motorhead,1997, Park) and singer/song writer Jonah Matranga (Far, One Line Drawing, Gratitude). The band spent 2 months at Hurley studios in Costa Mesa sharing ideas and arrangements. The band recorded 14 songs,12 which will be featured on the upcoming full length Machines Are Taking Over. Machines Are Taking Over will hit store early 2008. The band is currently getting ready to hit the road again in September.