 http://bayimg.com/mAhkOaADJ

Light Sleeper (1992) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102307/

Light Sleeper is a 1992 drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader. It stars Willem Dafoe, Susan Sarandon, and Dana Delany. Schrader's wife Mary Beth Hurt appears as a fortune teller.

  Willem Dafoe  ...  John LeTour  
  Susan Sarandon  ...  Ann  
  Dana Delany  ...  Marianne Jost  
  David Clennon  ...  Robert  
  Mary Beth Hurt  ...  Teresa Aranow  
  Victor Garber  ...  Tis Brooke  
  Jane Adams  ...  Randi Jost  
  Paul Jabara  ...  Eddie  
  Robert Cicchini  ...  Bill Guidone  
  Sam Rockwell  ...  Jealous  
  Rene Rivera  ...  Manuel  
  David Spade  ...  Theological Cokehead  
  Steven Posen  ...  Hasid  
  Ken Ladd  ...  Carlos  
  Brian Judge  ...  Thomas  

John LeTour (Dafoe) is a 40-year-old drug dealer whose drifting existence is thrown into crisis when his boss Ann (Sarandon) decides to retire. He encounters his ex-lover (Delany), by chance, which leads to his involvement in a murder case concerning a dead girl who is found in possession of cocaine indirectly linked to LeTour.

Schrader has described the film as a man and his room story like American Gigolo and his most famous screenplay, Martin Scorsese's Taxi Driver, and in this case his character dealing with anxiety over his life and the external forces that threaten it. The insomniac LeTour spends his nights writing a journal, but whenever he comes to the end of a volume he simply throws the notebook away. Light Sleeper also shares with American Gigolo an ending patterned after Robert Bresson's Pickpocket in which the imprisoned hero is shown contemplating a new and hopefully better existence.

Schrader considers this to be the third installment in his night workers series (preceded by Taxi Driver and American Gigolo) and continued in The Walker, with the character in his 50s, at which point, Schrader says, he will retire him.

Comedic actor David Spade is featured, in one of his earliest roles, as Theological Cokehead (seen trying to explain the ontological argument for the existence of God to LeTour).

In an interview about Light Sleeper, writer and director Paul Schrader stated: You start to see the connections between what they call luck and what we call grace. You start to see what they're struggling for is some kind of divine magic that will protect them. That's not different from a kind of spiritual longing. 

This theme of the longing for meaning is one Schrader has pursued in other films he has written (Taxi Driver, American Gigolo). Here it really works well. In a frantic search for an exit out of his old life, LeTour finds that the saving grace he's been looking for has been right in front of him all along.

