Modern Scholar TMS Understanding Nanotechnology 2011 AUDIO PHC 

The Modern Scholar  TMS

A Bridge to the Future: Understanding Nanotechnology 

Deborah G. Sauder, Georgia Gwinnett College

Nanotechnology is radically altering the world in ways almost unimaginable in only the very recent past. With applications in arenas from medicine and science to warfare and even the world of sports, nanotechnology opens the doorway to a vast array of breathtaking possibilities. In this series of clearly articulated lectures, Professor Deborah Gibbs Sauder explores the world of nanotechnology and all its astounding applications, while also examining the ethical issues raised by the science and the impact nanotechnology is having on big business.

Deborah G. Sauder is an associate professor of chemistry in the School of Science and Technology at Georgia Gwinnett College in Lawrenceville, Georgia. Professor Sauder received her doctorate in physical chemistry from the Johns Hopkins University and a master’s degree in physical chemistry from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. Sauder is a member of the American Chemical Society and is the co-recipient of the Gustav Ohaus Award of the National Science Teacher’s Association for innovation in College Science Teaching and the Hood College Henry P. and Page Laughlin Award for Professional Achievement.

Associate Professor of Chemistry Dr. Deborah G. Sauder will be teaching in a much larger classroom, thanks to the recent release of her course "Understanding Nanotechnology: A Bridge to the Future" by The Modern Scholar publishers. In a series of recorded lectures, Sauder explains how nanotechnology is radically altering the world - from medicine and science to warfare and even the world of sports. She looks at many nanotechnology applications and explores their impact on big business and society in general. She also examines some of the ethical issues raised by science.

The Modern Scholars library is a new series of recorded college-level courses presented in lecture-style format. Accompanying Dr. Sauder's recorded lectures is a study guide and other course materials, including a self-administered final exam.

Lecture 1   Introduction and Overview 
Lecture 2   The Metric System
Lecture 3   “There’s Plenty of Room at the Bottom” 
Lecture 4   Why Size Matters 
Lecture 5   The Chemical Building Blocks of Nano
Lecture 6   Some Essential Physics
Lecture 7   “Seeing” Nanostructures 
Lecture 8   Building Nanostructures
Lecture 9    Nanoscale Sensors
Lecture 10  Nanotechnology and Medicine 
Lecture 11  Nanotechnology, Optics, and Electronics 
Lecture 12  Nanotechnology and Energy
Lecture 13  Smart Materials 
Lecture 14  Nanotechnology Ethics

Modern Scholar TMS Understanding Nanotechnology 2011 AUDIO PHC 