Well
 bringing you now a new build of vlc 1.2.0-git TwoFlower from today :
August 23
as usual :
still as beta stage but it is normaly a quite stable build from today.
Not official yet,of course !
this is a sort of preview build till final version anyway.
Note :
FDM and opera brother are formally disallowed on my torrents as well as 56k
users anyway.
Please,mates ! if you have a too slow internet connection,then don\'t try to download my torrents as it might result a huge congestion on my torrent network.
btw,i still have problem with few Japanese peers...
Mates,or you use utorrent 1.7.5 to 1.8.5 or let down so.
Means : or you follow my tips or you stay away of my torrents without connecting anyway.Many ip from your isp are already logged...
I don't really know why i still have so many problems with most of you,Japanese peers.I would really like to find a solution to fix it but it seems extremely complicated and i'm wondering about your own ISPs...
Check your tracker\'s list and see if some of them don't block your connection.
A N/A means that you need to delete the tracker.
Certain trackers are totaly outdated and therefore fully useless or should i say : obsolete.
Certain trackers can at a moment disallowed your connection also,so in this case,you must also delete the tracker.
Btw,you can still add new other trackers,it might help you a bit in this way so.
Does a Japanese peer letting me know what kind of connection is mostely use in your country ? PPPoE ? ATM ? IP routed ? RFC bridged ? what else ?
Anyway for most of you who have slow or very slow connection,please,dudes,be 
cooperative so.I cannot make miracle...
I wanna help you,but please,try to help me also.Be observative anyway.
Doing torrent is seriously more subtile than a simple download.
try to up and down at the same time so.Avoid to cap too much your up speed as well as if you see it is too high,so yeah,you can still reduce it a bit also.
GL to all
Ty for understanding
a nice day end to all
regards