DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Ditch Medicine: Advanced Field Procedures For Emergencies 
By Hugh Coffee 

Publisher:   Paladin Press
Number Of Pages:   224
Publication Date:   1993-05
Sales Rank:   172697
ISBN / ASIN:   1581603908
EAN:   9781581603903
Binding:   Hardcover
Manufacturer:   Paladin Press
Studio:   Paladin Press
Average Rating:   4.5
Total Reviews:   17
 


Book Description:

Whether it's a war zone or a civil disaster area, traumatic injuries often occur in remote, unsanitary locations. This book teaches advanced field procedures for small wound repair, care of the infected wound, IV therapy, pain control, amputations, treatment of burns, airway procedures and more.

 


Date: 2006-12-27   Rating: 4
Review:

Solid no nonsense basics

For the cost this is a good reference. It is written in plain english and is easy to understand. It is of particular use to the health care professional that has never operated or has limited experience in austere environments. It has some deficiencies (pictures/drawings are not the greatest, some of the material is dated, no real discussion of permissive hypotension etc...) but these are forgivable in a volume of this size, cost and ease of reading. 

It is an essential part of any operational medical library.



Date: 2006-06-15   Rating: 5
Review:

Fantastic book for physicians in extreme situations

There are situations, particularly amongst doctors living in the Third World, or even in very remote areas (of any country), that are presented to her, whether or not she is a surgeon. Even if she is a general practitioner, it is the doctor who is duty-bound to help, for she is the most qualified of all and to whom folks will turn to when such situations occur. If she is a Pre-Hospital Care Provider, in disaster or war situations, it is up to her to provide advanced medical procedures, before the patient makes it to the distant hospital. This is a book for those extreme situations, where action must be taken, at a time when conditions are not the ones one would wish for. If you think you might be in that situation, if you plan to stay 6 months in the Amazon jungle amongst the indians near a zone with land conflict, or you plan to work as a GP in catastrophies, I think this is a book you might want to have. The surgeon guy might not be around when you need him most...There are times for administering pills, and there are times that require a ligature. Of course, you *know* that. 
This isn't really a book for surgeons, as they're already skillfull in this stuff. I definitely think the GP in the situations I depicted will benefit, even though the book is directed at paramedics (a correct procedure is a correct procedure). 
It's packed with priceless practical information (even simple information: how to do a ligature; the suture tie; etc). The chapters are: 1) Small wound repair; 2) Care of the infected wound; 3) Decompression and drainage of the chest; 4) Intravenous therapy; 5) Emergency airway procedures; 6) Anaphylactic shock; 7) Pain control; 8) Amputations; 9) Burns; and 10) Nutritional and emotional support. 
The book is depicted with pictures of real situations from the field.



Date: 2003-04-29   Rating: 5
Review:

Was in Africa with Author - A Great Combat Medic

Hugh "Doc" Coffee's book is in use by many SF medics and other folks who often go in harms way. Coffee gets right to the bottom line in dealing with the subject of field trauma first aid and "meatball surgery." He learned it the hard way during the guerrilla war in Guatemala -- patching up troops on hilltops where no doctor would go. I may be biased as he's a good friend and I was on a medical team in Kenya and the southern Sudan (Sudanese guerrilla war) with him, but anyone who is a combat medic or who may need to perform first aid in the third world needs to read this book. Coffee is a fount of knowledg on the subject and imparts it clearly and concisely to the reader. Amongst his legion of fans there's hundreds of us anxiously awaiting Ditch 2.
-- Rob Krott, Chief Foreign Correspondent, Soldier of Fortune magazine



Date: 2003-03-14   Rating: 5
Review:

Gets no better than this

It doesn't matter where you are, or what the situation is, if you, a team member, family member or friend is injured, you do what you have to do to save their life or treat the condition! Period! As survivalists we know that we may not always have access to a sanitary emergency room and a half-asleep doctor in the middle of the night. If that time comes, this is the book to have! This book teaches advanced field procedures for small wound repair, pain control, care of infected wounds, IV therapy, amputations, treatment of burns, airway procedures and much much more.

This book is writen in straightforward language for those who don't know an artery from a anuerism, and step-by-step proceedures are discussed in great detail. Pictures of suturing, debriding wounds and many other items show you what a thousand words cannot describe. So many techniques and how-to's are discussed that there is not room here to elaborate on all of them. Let's just say this book is pretty complete. Pair it with a few other reference manuals and you greatly increase your chances of saving a loved one's life in a disaster situation!

The Down Side: None, well thought out with lots of diagrams and procedure pictures

Would WE Buy It?: Oh Yes! Our Alpha team medic has already made this book part of his personal library and is recommending it to others for their reference library. I consider this to be a companion to the US Army's Special Forces Medical handbook.

Technical Specs: Book size is 5 1/2 x 8 1/2, softcover, w/photos and illustrations., 224 pages. ISBN 0873647173



Date: 2003-03-12   Rating: 5
Review:

Great Book

Ditch Medicine succinctly provides practical emergency medical knowledge that will allow the reader to render effective patient care from the veldt to the rain forest.

Written in a professional manner the writer departs from extensive use of technical terms therefore making topics understandable and more importantly palatable.

Extensive footnotes allow the reader an invaluable resource for additional study.

The book has been out for some time but the fundamental soundness of the narrative (particularly the chapter on small wound repair) prevents the book from being considered dated.

The writer waste no energy on abstract improvised emergency medical devices or quasi legal means of obtaining medication. Preparedness is the underlying theme recognizing that it is incumbent on the reader to provide advanced life support with task specific equipment.

I highly recommend this book to the layman who foresees himself rendering emergency medical care in a remote location.