Windows XP Pro SP3 Nlite Edition   June/2011
Created by Hoppy
File type-- ISO
Size-- 356mb approx
Install Size-- 1.5gb approx
Install Type-- fully automatic
Primary Use-- for desktop pc\'s or virtual machines as a clean install.
Language-- USA and UK only.

Hello
This was an original DEL OEM sp3 version of Windows  that ive modified using Nlite.  
No programs or components have been added and it contains no malware or viruses.
Please note that this torrent contains a small activation program that some AV\'s may flag up as a virus, this is a false positive.

This will install automatically and you won\'t be prompted for a key but if you want updates i have included a small guide and program.
Please note that all language packs have been removed with English USA and UK remaining.

After spending months of making several versions i decided this version was the best all round one.
Apart from removing components i have also done some tweaks for performance.
My aim was to create an easy auto install version of XP that is slim but stable.
This version is best suited for a desktop or for use in a virtual install.

Please note that Automatic updates, system restore and remote assistance are all switched off by default.

REMOVED APPLICATIONS
Accessibility options, Briefcase, MSN Browser, Clipbook viewer, Defragmenter, Games, Internet games,
Paint, Pinball, 

DRIVERS
Trackpoint,Think pad, Wing man, Sidewinder, Mdems, Printers, Scanners, Pen tablet, Brother devices.

KEYBOARDS
All except USA and UK settings.

LANGUAGES
All except USA and UK settings.

OPERATING SYSTEM COMPONENTS
Blaster removal tool, Desktop cleanup wizard, Dr Watson, File and settings wizard, Help and support,
Search assistant, Tour, Web view, Remote registry.Disk cleaner.

MULTIMEDIA
Intel codecs, AOL Art, Images, Movie maker, Music and video samples, Speech support, Tablet pc.

There are too many tweaks to list but here are a few.
USB Polling frequency set to 500hz, this greatly improves usb 1 performance for older machines.
Unsigned theme support.
Icon size changed to 47 as default.
Menu delay and shutting down programs have been reduced to give XP a snappy feel.

I decided to keep Internet Explorer6 and WMP9 as so many people still use it and its pretty integrated to Windows.
I am going to do a version thats much more stripped down if this one goes well with these programs removed.
I would strongly reccommend updating to IE8 and WMP10 asap or disabling them altogether.  

Installation takes approx 20min (depending on your machines spec) ,you will only be prompted to select and format your disk.
Install size is approx 1.5gb.
After install without any additional programs this version uses between 120-150mb ram when fully loaded.
I have also tested it with over 14 additional programs that include Avast, Malwarebytes, Winrar,M-Player, Opera, Abiword,
Adobe reader, AIMP Player, Photoscape, Ccleaner, Auslogics disk defragmenter, 10bit toolbox, IMG Burner, Windows Live.
With these programs installed this version was using approx 250mb.

If you want updates i will include a program and simple, small guide on how to do this. 

If you have any further questions or problems then please post feedback or go to this site and post in the \"general computer section\".
www.digitalrejects.co.uk      i promise to help whenever i can.

Thanks 

Hoppy