ARTIST: Wolves Like Us
TITLE: Late Love
LABEL: Prosthetic Records
GENRE: Punk Rock
SOURCE: CD
BITRATE: 274 kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 39:05
RELEASE DATE: 2011-00-00
RIP DATE: 2011-06-24
ENCODER: LAME 32bits version 3.98.4 (http://www.mp3dev.org/) -V0

Track List

1.  Burns Like A Paper Rose          3:08
2.  Deathless                        2:36
3.  Sin After Sin                    4:50
4.  Old Dirty Paranoia               2:21
5.  Secret Handshakes                4:09
6.  Shiver In The Heat               3:23
7.  We Speak In Tongues              3:33
8.  Gone To Dust                     4:01
9.  My Enemy                         3:12
10. To Whore With Foreign Gods       7:52

Release Notes:

Prosthetic Records is very pleased to announce the signing of Norways WOLVES
LIKE US to a worldwide, multi-album deal.

WOLVES LIKE US are without a doubt one of the most exciting bands of the moment
at the forefront of the burgeoning Oslo music scene. Although barely a year old,
they have already established themselves on the live circuit with a showcase at
last years legendary OYA Festival and recent touring with Kvelertak, Gallows,
Purified In Blood and Blood Command. Extensive domestic radio play followed off
the back of a stunning demo and debut 7? vinyl.

With ex-members from such notable Norwegian acts as Amulet, Infidels Forever, JR
Ewing and Silver, the band are no strangers to dedicated hard work. Drawing
influence from artists such as Planes Mistaken For Stars, Drive Like Jehu, Hot
Water Music and the Afghan Whigs, the mission is clear: Wolves Like Us are here
to make the urgent, powerful new music that they love.

WOLVES LIKE US have just finished recording their debut album, ôLate Love,ö
which is set for release in the fall of this year on Prosthetic Records. Alan
Douches will be handling mastering duties and Justin Bartlett will be crafting
the artwork. A main stage slot at this years OYA Festival has just been
confirmed, with a lot more to be announced shortly.

WOLVES LIKE US drummer Jonas Thire commented, ôWLU are honoured to sign with
Prosthetic and be a part of a label with so many great bands. Even if we are a
slightly more melodic outfit, we all share the passion for HC, metal and hard
rock which is what we grew up listening to. We also had a wish to sign with an
international label and the fact that our album(s) will be available around the
world means a lot to us. Looking forward to the years to come and a great
relationship!ö

Watch with anticipation as the release of WOLVES LIKE USs newest album ôLate
Loveö quickly approaches.

Buy it :)
 
http://prostheticrecords.com/
