 http://www.postimg.com/31000/photo-30973.jpg

Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/31000/photo-30974.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/31000/photo-30975.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/31000/photo-30976.jpg

The Sims Medieval-RELOADED
The Sims: Medieval (c) Electronic Arts Inc

03/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Custom
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Family

Developed by the award-winning The Sims studio, The Sims Medieval is a new
stand-alone game offering a fresh setting, a new look, an exciting new set of
features gameplay mechanics, and all-new features.The Sims Medieval lets you
experience the medieval era with Sims you create and control: kings, queens,
knights, wizards, spies, blacksmiths, merchants, bards and many more. You
will create heroes, choose quests, build your kingdom, and create epic tales
full of drama, romance, conflict and comedy.Built with next-gen Sims tech and
features:A world of Sims filled with stories, adventures, romance, drama and
comedyEnhanced environment and character graphics, lighting, and gameplayRich
dramatic medieval setting:Experience epic stories of the age, full of drama,
fantasy, conflict, comedy, romance, and intrigueHeroes:Create Hero Sims and
build up their skills and send them on epic questsQuests:Drive your kingdoms
story - Good or evil, cruel or kind, romantic or warlikeKingdom
Building:Start with an empty field and build up your kingdom, deciding its
ultimate ambition and working to achieve its destinyDiving in a bit
deeper:The Sims Medieval offers Achievements to reward you for your skill in
reaching your ambitions and completing your Quests.The Sims Medieval allows
you to play every Hero Sim in your kingdom, not just the Sims in one
household.There is a magic system, and your wizard will learn a variety of
powerful spells.There is a crafting system, allowing your blacksmith to forge
weapons of varying quality and physician to create cures for a variety of
ailments.There is a diplomatic system, allowing you to negotiate trade and
declare war on surrounding kingdom.The objects your Sims will interact with
rangefrom profession-oriented objects like the Blacksmith's forge and anvil
and the Physicians operating table to medieval food-preparation objects such
as a roasting spit and cook-pot hanging over a fire.The buildings are
custom-crafted for each profession, from the Monarchs Great Hall in the
castle to the Tavern for the Bard to the Wizards Tower.The art style is
painterly, with a hand-crafted look to befit the medieval setting.And yes,
there is fishing.

2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game and use the keygen when asked for a serial
4. Copy over the cracked content
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

NOTE
If you start the game without copying over crack first it wont work
To solve it you just have to rename the .ex to .exe and it should be fine

Note:If you have something to offer as early releases,seedboxes,
links,accounts,etc please contact us on torentz 3xforum ro

The Sims Medieval-RELOADED Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,patch,serial,keygen,trainers,crackfix,updates,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,news,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some release sites or official web pages.