Churchill's Other Lives - Audio Documentary  - BBC R4  
10 x 15 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo

 
http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/234442

Churchill’s Other Lives, begins, in which historian Sir David Cannadine looks at Churchill not as a statesman but as a Renaissance man. “In contrast to today’s 24/7 politicians who have neither the time nor the talent to cultivate their hinterlands, Churchill did so all his life with extraordinary energy, imagination and versatility,” said Sir David. “I do not think that many of us appreciate the full dimensions of his personality and his genius.”

And the extraordinary range of that personality and genius is perhaps best illustrated by his skill at the humble art of bricklaying. Churchill was a qualified member of the Amalgamated Union of Bricklayers and at Chartwell, his home in Kent, he laid a superb red brick wall around the vegetable garden with a trowel in one hand and a cigar in the other. He also built a swimming pool and a goldfish pond.

Bricklaying was only one of his many interests and the first signs of that rich and varied life were not as a builder but at Harrow school. There his achievements were not academic – when it came to brains he would later describe himself as a “late developer” – but rather as a swimmer for the school and at the age of 17 as the British Public Schools’ fencing champion.


Churchill's Other Lives - 01 - Bricklaying 
Churchill's Other Lives - 02 - Appetite 
Churchill's Other Lives - 03 - Journalist 
Churchill's Other Lives - 04 - Son And Father 
Churchill's Other Lives - 05 - Women 
Churchill's Other Lives - 06 - Cinema 
Churchill's Other Lives - 07 - Money 
Churchill's Other Lives - 08 - Painting 
Churchill's Other Lives - 09 - Horses 
Churchill's Other Lives - 10 - Religion 




Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 12mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

[


I post quite a few torrents if this site is down when I post a new one I don't have time to keep trying.
If it's down then it's skipped.

You can follow me on Twitter so you don't miss any

Or add the RSS feed in uTorrent (In FEEDS on the left add)



.





