This film explains how the elite are managing the minds of the masses. With their huge financial resources they have bought and thus hijacked all aspects of society, the media, the movie industry, all aspects of culture, the music industry, the school system, universities, computer games, sports events, public events, scientific research, the military, the voting system, computer networks, intelligence agencies, books, magazines, the health system, politicians - in short they control almost anything you can hear and see, they have established their own myths of freedom and progress, their own stories of good and evil, and thus have perverted human perception and human thought to the utmost degree. Money buys control and control manages information and information management means thought management. The illusion of democracy, the myth of participation are merely elements of mind control in order to assure people's willing compliance in a highly undemocratic system. Imagine Nazi-Germany combined with highly sophisticated methods of social engineering and you get the world you live in. The idea that the US-elite are any better than the Nazi-elite doesn't exist in people's minds because they truly are better but because that very elite managed to put that idea into people's heads with the help of social engineering and mind control. Fundamentally there isn't an iota of a difference between the reasons why the Nazi-elite attacked Russia and why the NWO-elite attacked Iran. The only difference exists in human perception and thus in managed perception. The difference consists of an illusion, a manufactured illusion, manufactured by the highly evolved science of mind control and social engineering. It's all about marketing, marketing of ideas and beliefs.

1) Metanoia 2 - Psywar.mp4, H.264, 640 x 480, 487.13 MB, 685.89 kbits/s, 01:39:02
2) US Patent 6506148_ Nervous System Manipulation.pdf
3) Edward Bernays - Propaganda.pdf
4) Public Relations by Edward Bernays.pdf
5) Collected Papers - Art and Liberation - Herbert Marcuse.pdf