Duplicate File Finder Pro 2.21

Duplicate File Finder Pro 2.21 keeps your computer free of unnecessary files by finding and deleting duplicate files of your choice on your hard drives.

Flexible scanning options!
Duplicate File Finder Pro offers you the ability to add filters for each individual path that you want to scan. You can for example set it to only find *.mp3 files in C:\My music\ or files called backup.zip in D:\. There are options for filtering files based on size, attribute, name and you can of course set the program to scan all of the subdirectories of the paths that you add. You can also exclude files and directories of your choice and scan for multiple filetypes.

100% accurate when comparing files!
When the first initial scan is done, then the program lets you combine up to three different algorithms for comparing the files as quickly as possible with up to 100% accuracy. This means that you can be certain that files found by Duplicate File Finder Pro are in fact exact duplicates.

Select the files of your choice!
After comparing the files all of the duplicates are automatically selected. But if you have specific needs in what files that you wish to process, then you can use the Select files function to select files in the list based on size, filename and path. This gives you a great deal of control over what files to delete or move.

Delete or move the duplicates!
The last step is to select whatever to delete or move the selected files. You can move them to the recycle bin (in that way you can restore them if you change your mind) or you may permanently delete them, or move them to a directory of your choice (for manual processing).

Export detailed reports!
Once the scan is done and duplicate files have been found you can export a detailed report of the files. The report can be saved in both HTML and TXT format.

Some of the functions included are...
Finds all your duplicate files
Permanently delete the files or move them to the recycle bin
Move the duplicate files to a directory of your choice
Fast and 100% accurate comparison
Select files for processing based on size, path, name and attribute
Skip directories, extensions, names and types of your choice
Filter the scan to include specific filetypes (MP3, ZIP, AVI) etc.
Add several different paths to scan with individual settings
Export reports in TXT or HTML format
Easily get started with the Quick Start Wizard
Highly stable and powerful
Real-time progress
Clean and simple interface
Advanced settings for the professional user
And more...

Home Page - http://www.duplicate-file-finder.com/
