File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:18

[Video]
Resolution : 1280x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 23.98
BitRate : 1329 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.06 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Jar of Hearts" is the debut single by American singer Christina Perri. The song was released in July 2010 to iTunes and is from her debut EP The Ocean Way Sessions as well as her upcoming debut album.

The song charted in both the United States and Canada at numbers 63 and 54 respectively, selling an overall of 47,500 downloads in its opening week. It has now sold more than 100,000 digital copies.

The music video premiered on September 13, 2010 on Perri's YouTube channel. It features a man with various women, inhaling their fog-like "hearts" through kissing. In the end, the women congregate to attack him. After he defeats the women, he unites with Perri who inhales what appears to be his heart out of him and he falls to the ground, presumably dead.

The video features Allison Holker and Kathryn McCormick.

The song is a ballad about a person who hurt Perri. In the chorus, she repeats: "Who do ya think you are? Running 'round leaving scars, collecting your jar of hearts; and tearing love apart; you're gonna catch a cold; from the ice inside your soul; so don't come back for me; who do ya think you are?"

Upon the release of the song, Perri stated via her official blog that she was humbled by the reaction of the fans for the song. She also stated why and when she wrote it, saying:

    "I wrote the song after I went home to Philadelphia for the holiday last December. I sat in my childhood bedroom and hid from the boy (with the jar of hearts) who wanted to see me. My heart wanted to see him, my head knew better."

Perri has performed the song live on So You Think You Can Dance and The Early Show on CBS. She also performed on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on July 29, 2010, replacing Stone Temple Pilots who couldn't make it to the show on time. In December, she performed the song on Conan O'Brian's new show, Conan.

Christina Perri is an American singer and songwriter from Philadelphia. Her song "Jar of Hearts" charted in the United States after it was featured on the Fox television show So You Think You Can Dance in 2010. Rolling Stone named her the "Band of the Week" on October 26, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
