S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Shaun White Skateboarding (c) Ubisoft

19-08-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection.........Ubisoft DRM
Skateboarding........Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Shaun White Skateboarding, a game that puts an innovative twist on the
action-sports genre, is the latest offering in the award-winning
franchise developed in collaboration with dual-sport super-athlete,
Shaun White. The most ambitious instalment yet, Shaun White
Skateboarding brings all the sensations of skateboarding to a wide
audience making skate dreams possible and allowing players to transform
a dull, lifeless city into their own extraordinary skating utopia.

As players skate, they add colour, life and brilliance to the city by
extending handrails into endless grinds, carving alleys into half
pipes, morphing streets into ramps and much more. Players can skate
their way, any way they want, to create their own customized skating
world that can also be shared with friends. Shaun White Skateboarding
empowers skaters to push the limits of what's possible.

Features:

Transform - Create incredible skate lines using city structures,
stretch and twist handrails to dizzying heights, empty fountains to
create bowls, make alleys into epic quarter pipes and so much more.
New areas are revealed, better skate lines are created and buildings
are transformed. Creativity is rewarded with points, gear and new
skating opportunities

Innovate - With 80+ skate tricks hand-picked by Shaun (including a
Shaun creation called the "Armadillo"), enjoy a unique and fun
gameplay experience where you can shape, influence and transform the
city while pulling off authentic skate moves. Experience all the
sensations of an expert skater - the big air, sticking a landing,
eating it and more!

Explore - Find or create skate spots you've only dreamed about. The
city is stretched over massive districts with tons of challenges to
complete, including race, collect, narrative missions and more

Engage - Jump online to challenge your friends in co-operative or
adversarial modes: online or local split-screen. Create your own maps,
play with friends and see how you rank against players from across the
world using online leaderboards

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision