 http://bayimg.com/naHgDaADm

Liquid Sky (1982) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085852/

Liquid Sky is an independent American film. It debuted at the Montreal Film festival in August 1982 and was well received at several film festivals thereafter. It was produced with a budget of less than $500,000. It was financed by a Pennsylvania real estate developer who was credited on the film as executive producer. It became the most successful independent film of 1983 grossing $1.7 million dollars.

  Anne Carlisle  ...  Margaret and Jimmy  
  Paula E. Sheppard  ...  Adrian  
  Susan Doukas  ...  Sylvia  
  Otto von Wernherr  ...  Johann  
  Bob Brady  ...  Owen  
  Elaine C. Grove  ...  Katherine  
  Stanley Knapp  ...  Paul (as Stanley Knap)  
  Jack Adalist  ...  Vincent  
  Lloyd Ziff  ...  Lester  
  Harry Lum  ...  Deliveryman  
  Roy MacArthur  ...  Jack  
  Sara Carlisle  ...  Nellie  
  Nina V. Kerova  ...  Designer  
  Alan Preston  ...  Photographer  
  Christine Hatfull  ...  Hair Stylist  

On April 16, 2009 Dan Persons of mightymoviepodcast.com recalls that upon its release Liquid Sky "provoked heated arguments and, love it or hate, was required viewing for anyone who really cared about film.". Persons considers the film "one of the formative forces of indie film."

Carlos James Chamberlin wrote in March, 2004 at senseofcinema.com: "It’s about time people started rendering unto Liquid Sky. Its long lipstick trace is smudged through much of indie cinema."

Liquid Sky was produced and directed by Slava Tsukerman who, prior to making Liquid Sky, had a successful career as a documentary and TV film maker in the USSR and Israel. The screenplay was written by Tsukerman, his wife and ubiquitous co-producer Nina V. Kerova, and Anne Carlisle, who also enacted the film's two leading roles. The director of photography, Yuri Neyman, a Russian émigré, was the DP and special effects expert. Anne Carlisle also wrote a novel based on the movie (same title, ISBN 0-385-23930-0) in 1987.

The music for the film was composed by Slava Tsukerman, Clive Smith and Brenda Hutchinson using the Fairlight CMI, the first digital sampler/synthesizer. Most of it was original, while some songs were interpretations of music by Carl Orff, Baroque composer Marin Marais, and others.

