Bowflex i-Trainer v3.4.9 for Windows | 674 mb

There are plenty of people wanting to get into shape, but they simply don’t know how to do it, what gym to go to, and what specific equipment to buy.

If they finally chosen their equipment, often times they find them too difficult to use.

Those that may get the hang of things may have a hard time tracking their progress and realize they aren’t going anywhere with the workouts they’ve been doing.

Going to the gym is okay since there are people there that will assist you and all of the gym-class equipment ready for use, but going to the gym takes a drive away and that can waste some money on gasoline and waste physical effort.

People wind up getting portable exercising equipment, but either doesn’t have the right features or sufficient documentation on using the machine making it too difficult to use.

Getting a Bowflex Home Gym product is definitely the way to go since it has tons of revolutionary features that will get anyone in shape. Every Bowflex Home Gym product comes with both a comprehensive instruction manual and fitness guide, but for those who are completely new, something more visual is needed. Videos are thrown in to serve as extras to help demonstrate exercises, but they still lack interactivity. But the Bowflex Revolution i-Trainer Software does something different and turns your PC into a real fitness advisor and workout tracker.

New Features

The Bowflex Revolution i-Trainer Software is a major improvement on the previously released i-Trainer Fitness Software. These features primarily benefit those who possess a Bowflex Revolution Home Gym.

• Detailed information on how each exercise is performed.

• New videos that help demonstrate every exercise that can be performed on the Bowflex Revolution Home Gym.

• Additional fitness calculators that help you determine your Max & Training Heart Rate Range, Waist-to-Hip Ratio, Target Weight, and Body Mass Index.

Other Software Features

• Your fitness levels are evaluated according to several parameters.

• The software effectively determines your strength-training goals based on the results.

• While you work to achieve your goals, your progress is tracked and assessed.

• The best workout routines to achieve your goals are laid out for you complete with detailed information and demonstrative videos to assist you.

System Requirements

Bowflex Revolution i-Trainer Software should run on both old and new operating systems starting at Windows 98 all the way to Windows Vista. You’ll need around 64 MB RAM, and a modem to access the internet along with a 133 MHz Pentium or higher processor and around 150 MB of free space. A video card and speakers are needed as well to check out the videos. Of course, you’ll also need the Bowflex Revolution Home Gym equipment to make full use of all the features.

Professional Quality

This software has been developed by fitness professionals so you are guaranteed to experience real interactive training just like you would in the gyms you attend to.
Review

The Bowflex Revolution i-Trainer Software is a wonderful add-on that should have been included with the entire Bowflex Revolution Home Gym system. It has interactivity features that no other program or video contains.
 
http://www.itrainersupport.com/index.html

INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Burn or mount the ISO to a CD using any image burner software.