WinLock Professional 5.26


WinLock Professional is a powerful security solution that lets you restrict access to various computer resources.

It offers all features of WinLock, plus several advanced commands of interest to the power Windows users and computer administrators. The advanced features of the Professional edition of WinLock are:

• Ability to apply different restrictions separately to each user account. Now you can create different protection schemes for each user account in a multiple-user environment. For each user, WinLock will activate only the selected restrictions. Moreover, it is possible to suspend all forms of WinLock protection for the specified user.
• Internet-related restrictions. WinLock Professional provides you with a group of selected Internet Explorer policies and enhanced content filtration suited to control and protect Internet access.
• Website content filtration
The Professional edition not only checks the address of the site, but also scans the entire page, including the hidden meta-tags for any prohibited words. For example, if you define "sex" as a keyword, any Web site contains this word will be prohibited. This makes possible to prohibit access to questionable Web sites - notably for public-access computers in schools and libraries.
• Built-in file encryptor. You are likely to have confidential documents on your computer, which you may want to encrypt. LockBox Wizard will help you to protect any information. It uses a very strong Blowfish crypto-algorithm. Protected files cannot be decrypted without the correct password.

Additionally, WinLock can be controlled and configured remotely by means of WinLock Remote Administrator application. WinLock Remote Administrator, the network security solution for Windows networks. It helps quickly configure remote WinLock clients via network, lock remote workstations, and apply security profiles by means of easy-to-use interface.

Home Page - http://www.crystaloffice.com/winlockpro/





-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:             
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:            
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1000+ torrents:             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay				
			