

Outertech Cacheman v7.50.incl.serial-iOTA

Cacheman is a handy software that helps you speed up your computer.

Description:
Have you been wondering how to speed up your computer? Cacheman (short for Cache-manager), the award-winning Windows 7, Vista, and XP optimizer offers you a multitude of ways to speed up your computer. Cacheman has been developed with novice, intermediate, and expert users in mind. Immediately after installation, Cacheman examines your computer and automatically tweaks a vast number of cache settings, Registry values, system service options, and PC memory parameters.

But this is only the start. Cacheman then continues to work quietly in the background, in order to speed up your computer even more by managing computer memory (RAM), program processes and system services. Cacheman makes sure that the active application gets the maximum possible processing power and available system memory. Cacheman also includes a special optimization for computer games, to prevent slow downs, lag, and stuttering caused by system tools like anti-virus programs.

Fix slow downs, lag, and stuttering in computer games
Cacheman can fix slow downs, lag, and stuttering in computer games including World of Warcraft (WOW) and Star Wars – The old Republic (SWTOR). Cacheman will give more CPU power and make more memory (RAM) available to the game. Slow downs, lag, and stuttering in computer games is often caused by background process activity. For example, a background Virus-Scan performed by an Anti-Virus program can significantly slow down the computer.

Cacheman will dynamically regulate the priority of background processes (Anti-Virus programs, system services, Windows-Update installations) if they take too much CPU processing power. The front running application (in this case the computer game) will get a significant boost. Cacheman will also ensure that applications leaking (wasting) computer memory will not take away resources from the game. The dynamic priority feature is already pre-configured and works from the start.

The first Windows performance optimization software ever!
The initial internet incarnation of Cacheman was introduced in early 1997 as the first Windows optimization application ever released. 15 years and millions of downloads later, Cacheman's 2012 edition is available as Version 7.50, fully supporting Windows XP/Vista and especially designed to speed up a Windows 7 computer. In its rich history Cacheman has been praised by almost every computer magazine world-wide.

Even Microsoft recommended Cacheman 5.11: "Cacheman enables you to tweak the cache settings for your hard drive, CD-ROM drive, desktop icons and file and folder names in much more detail. You can pick a typical profile, use the wizard or just experiment." Read the History of Cacheman for more details, but don't forget to download first!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To know , learn and get all things come and join here
LOTS AND LOTS OF GREAT THINGS ARE HERE
                                                 
https://forum.suprbay.org

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                                                                         
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1450+ Torrents                                                                                                                                           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/

	
		