BIG LAUNCHER + ANIMATED WIDGET CONTACT PRO + SPEED LAUNCHER PRO


- 3 APPLICATIONS IN ONE PACKAGE - 



BIG Launcher Full V1.5.1


Large home screen optimized for elderly people and people with bad sight.


Release date: December 1, 2011

Requires Android: 2.1+


The first home screen optimized for elderly people and people with eye problems. It uses big buttons and large fonts for all the basic functions of the phone - telephone, SMS messages, camera, gallery, SOS button and installed applications. SOS button allows automatic dialing of a pre-defined number or sending an emergency text message with GPS coordinates. Buttons can be customized. More information at www.BIGLauncher.com

BIG Launcher is optimized for accessibility, it is compatible with screen readers (Talkback for example). It can be also controlled by physical buttons only. The new dark skin is suitable for people with Retinitis pigmentosa.

WINNER OF THE VODAFONE SMART ACCESSIBILITY AWARDS 2011.

Now available in following languages: english, bahasa melayu, česky, dansk, deutsch, ελληνικά, español, français, עברית, 한국어, हिन्दी, italiano, magyar, nederlands, 日本語, norsk, português, polski, русский, slovenčina, suomi, svenska, tiếng việt, türkçe, 中文（繁體）.


What's in this version:

fixed: errors when sending sms with non-standard encoding on some phones
fixed: some translation fixes
For complete changelog, see http://biglauncher.com/changelog





Animated Widget Contact Pro Full v1.5.3

Release date: January 13, 2012

Requires Android: 2.1+


Description


Fast Dial Widget Enables the User To Make Calls and SMS with Video Effects
Bundle of Contact, Contact Group, Apps Launcher Widgets.

Contact, Group Contact widgets shows photo of the contact(s), have quick (speed) dial, quick SMS, chat and email options.

App Launcer widget shows selected by you apps at one icon, so you can group your apps for example: Games, Office, etc. 

PRO version have no limitations on widgets count.

Animated fast dial widget greatly facilitates such tasks as dialing frequent or favorite contacts, sending SMS, MMS or e-mailing. Call your contacts in 2 taps. 
The user’s actions are accompanied by customizable video effects, which are perfectly realistic and strikingly beautiful.

Favorite apps launcher. You can add some frequently used apps to group widget and start those apps in 2 clicks. You can Save space on your home screen.
Group items according to labels and create fully customizable folders and widgets. You can organize your apps.

Competitors: Folder Organizer, Circlelauncher, Apps Organizer, Circle Launcher, Smart Shortcuts

What's in this version:

+ New type of widgets - "Bookmarks launcher".
+ New possibility to display widget titles and shortcut labels with semitransparent background. New application settings parameter: "Display labels with background".
Fixed bug that leads to group contacts crash on some devices.
Backup/resore dialogs was made more informative.
+ Possibility to set custom file names for backups.
+ Possibility to change backup folder in Application Settings, see parameter "Folder to store backups".





Speed Launcher Pro Full v1.3

Release date: January 15, 2012

Requires Android: 2.1+

Description

Beauty, Style and Speed for you!
Custom lock screen that give you style!
Upcoming exciting features coming soon for 2.0. See

Product Details
---------------

Speed Launcher Pro replaces your default lock screen with customizable screen that gives you ability to connect your frequent contacts, launch favorite applications and manage your phone settings with just simple swipe.

Application gives you interactive rotatory dial like screen to use your phone in more smarter way. It gives you ability to use your lock screen to perform common tasks in style.

Even with all functionalities available on your home screen, application still respects your authentication. If you have enabled pattern/PIN lock, it allows user to enter it for unlocking phone.

Please provide your reviews below to spread the word about us. Do send us email on speedlauncherdroid@gmail.com if you are facing any issues, development team will actively look into it.

Operations that you can perform 
-------------------------------
+ Customize contact screen to configure up to nine contacts of your choice to call/message quickly. App reads your favourite/Star contacts from address book on first run. You can then call/message your buddies using your lock screen.

+ You can see call log and unread messages on call log mode. It displays you missed call/message time, contact details for you to quickly take an action on.

+ Customize app screen to configure your nine frequently used apps. Speed Launcher comes with default set of apps to get your started.

+ You can enable/disable android settings on settings mode. E.g. Enable/Disable WiFi/Bluetooth/Sound etc.

+ You can unlock your phone by just a swipe on lock button from any Speed Launcher mode.

+ Intuitive and consistent interface to interact with application.


App Permissions explained in detail
-----------------------------------

+ To show contacts on call screen app needs permission to read your address book
+ To change Android settings app needs permission for Bluetooth/Vibrate/WIFI/etc.
+ To open Camera app, Speed Launcher needs camera permission
+ To avoid showing up Speed Launcher screen during a phone call app needs to know if call is in progress.
+ To show app as lock screen, app needs permission for lock state

Note: Images for users shown in contact screen are picked from address book. To change users profile photo you need to edit users contact info in address book.

Tags: Lockscreen, Lock screen, Unlocker, launcher, widget, screen saver, rotatory dial, dialer, swipe dial, swipe launch, settings controller, safety lock & cool app



Enjoy and Please Seed :)