The Science of Nutrition, Second Edition is uniquely organized using an applied approach, which organizes vitamins and minerals based on their functions and effects on the body. This applied approach is most evident in the functional organization of the micronutrient (vitamin and mineral) chapters. Rather than requiring you to memorize all the vitamins and minerals and their characteristics, the authors present them based on their functions (like fluid and electrolyte balance, antioxidant function, bone health, energy metabolism, and blood and immunity health), so that you can understand their effects on the body.

 

The Second Edition adds new learning aids to further help you learn and apply the material. Additionally, learning aids have been expanded, including a new version of MyDietAnalysis, available in both online and CD-ROM formats. 
About the Author

Janice L. Thompson, Ph.D., FACSM

University of Bristol, University of New Mexico

 

Janice Thompson is Professor of Public Health Nutrition at the University of Bristol, England. Her work in the United Kingdom focuses on developing nutrition and physical activity interventions to reduce the risk for chronic diseases in high-risk populations. She retains her affiliation with the University of New Mexico through consulting on nutrition and physical activity research with the Office of Native American Diabetes Programs at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center. While she was based at U. New Mexico, she conducted research on how nutrition and physical activity interventions reduce diabetes risk in Native American populations, mentored junior faculty in research, and taught nutrition courses.

 

Janice is a Fellow of the American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM), is currently Vice President of ACSM, is a member of the American Society for Nutrition (ASN), the Nutrition Society (UK), and the British Association for Sport and Exercise Science (BASES). Janice won an undergraduate teaching award while a faculty member at the University of North Carolina, Charlotte. 

 

Janice has published two other books, with Melinda Manore, through Pearson Benjamin Cummings: Nutrition: An Applied Approach, geared toward nonmajors, and Nutrition for Life, a consumer-oriented text, now both in second editions.

 

 

Melinda M. Manore, Ph.D, RD, CSSD, FACSM

Oregon State University

 

Melinda Manore is a professor in the Department of Nutrition and Exercise Sciences at Oregon State University, Corvallis, where she teaches and conducts research in nutrition and exercise. She served as Chair of the nutrition department until 2004. Before coming to Oregon State, she taught at Arizona State University for seventeen years. Melinda’s areas of specialization include nutritional requirements and issues for active women, nutrition assessment, and the role that nutrition and exercise play in health, energy balance, obesity, and disordered eating.

 

A registered dietitian (RD), Melinda is an active member of the American Dietetic Association (ADA). She is Past Chair of the ADA Research Committee and the Research DPG (Dietetic Practice Group) and a Certified Specialist in Sport Dietetics (CSSD). She is also active in the American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM), where she is a Fellow and currently Vice President. Melinda is a member of the American Society of Nutrition (ASN), the North American Association for the Study of Obesity (NASSO), and served on the National Academy of Sciences Committee on Military Nutrition Research.

 

Melinda is an associate editor for ACSM’s Health and Fitness Journal, where she wrote a nutrition column for 5 years, and the International Journal of Sports Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism. She is also a former associate editor of Medicine and Science in Sport and Exercise. She has won numerous awards for excellence in research and teaching. While at Arizona State University, she was nominated for the Distinguished Mentor of Women Award (1996), and the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences Alumni Association Outstanding Teaching Award (1998, 2000). In 2001, she received the ADA SCAN Excellence in Practice Award and in 2009 she received the Oregon Dietetic Association Outstanding Dietition of the Year Award.  Melinda co-authored, with Janice Thompson, two other books through Pearson Benjamin Cummings: Nutrition: An Applied Approach, geared toward nonmajors, and Nutrition for Life, a consumer-oriented text, now both in second editions.

 

Linda A. Vaughan, Ph.D, R.D.

Arizona State University

 

Linda Vaughan is Professor and past Chair of the Department of Nutrition at Arizona State University (ASU). Linda earned her doctorate at University of Arizona in agricultural biochemistry and nutrition. She currently serves in an administrative position within ASU’s College of Nursing and Health Innovation, teaches undergraduate and graduate courses in nutrient metabolism, advises graduate students, and conducts research on the nutrient content of donated/distributed food from community food banks. Her area of specialization is older adults and lifecycle nutrition.

 

Linda is an active member of the American Dietetic Association (ADA), the American Society of Nutrition Sciences, and the Arizona Dietetic Association. She has served as Chair of the Research and Dietetic Educators of Practitioners practice groups of the American Dietetic Association as well as serving in the ADA House of Delegates. Linda has received numerous awards, including the Arizona Dietetic Association Outstanding Educator Award, the CLAS Alumni Outstanding Educator Award, and the University of Arizona East Supervisor of the Year award.

 

 
Product Details

    * Hardcover: 944 pages
    * Publisher: Benjamin Cummings; 2 edition (January 17, 2010)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 032164316X
    * ISBN-13: 978-0321643162