INSTALLATION:
Use an Emulator to run the games.
Recommended: ePSXe 1.6 or 1.7

I have also uploaded the emulator to run this game on the following link:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6174621/ePSXe_1.7.0_%28with_working_gameshark__codebreaker__action_replay%29
------------------------------
------------------------------
------------------------------

SPIDER MAN 1

PLOT:
While attending a scientific demonstration hosted by the supposedly reformed Doctor Otto Octavius, Peter Parker (Spider-Man) witnesses the appearance of a Spider-Man impostor, who steals Doctor Octavius's experiment. Eddie Brock mistakes this for the real Spider-Man and tries to take pictures, but his camera is shattered by the Spider-Man impostor. Due to his failure, Brock grows angry and is worried that J. Jonah Jameson will fire him from his new job at the Daily Bugle; all of his rage causes the Venom symbiote to surface, and then swears revenge. Everyone present at the demonstration believes that Spider-Man took the experiment, causing the police to begin a manhunt for Spider-Man. Meanwhile, two mysterious people unleash a fog upon the streets of New York.
Spider-Man is told by Black Cat that the Jade Syndicate is robbing a bank and have taken hostages. After foiling the bank robbery, Spider-Man fights Scorpion in order to keep him from killing J. Jonah Jameson. After defeating Scorpion, Spider-Man is forced to flee from the police. Spider-Man encounters Daredevil who questions Spider-Man but is eventually convinced of his innocence, then states that he will spread the word about Spider-Man's innocence. Immediately after Daredevil leaves, Spider-Man is ambushed by a police chopper and is chased across the city. Upon ditching the helicopter, Spider-Man reunites with Black Cat, who alerts him to two new problems: Rhino is attacking a power plant and Venom has kidnapped Mary Jane Watson in order to lure Spider-Man. Spider-Man defeats Rhino at the power plant, but Black Cat is injured and kidnapped by unknown parties posing as paramedics.
Spider-Man discusses his recent situation with Human Torch and Storm, both who assures him that things will get better and he will eventually succeed in getting everything right. Spider-Man is unable to locate Venom until the villain, newly obsessed with Spider-Man following the impostor's appearance, appears and leads Spider-Man on an elaborate chase through the sewers and in one portion, the subways which are filled with deadly traps. The player ends up meeting The Lizard who explains that Venom locked him down there and took control of the other lizard men. Lizard finally gives directions to Venom's hideout. After battling Venom and rescuing Mary Jane, Spider-Man convinces Brock that someone has framed him. They reluctantly agree to work together to find the party responsible, starting with a visit to the Daily Bugle to search for information.
At the Bugle, Venom senses the presence of Carnage, his symbiote offspring, causing him to abandon Spider-Man, who deals with an infestation of symbiotes throughout the building. He finally locates the identity of the Spider-Man impostor: Mysterio. After being defeated by Spider-Man, Mysterio reveals that his bosses plan to infest New York with symbiotes, and that the fog that blankets the city acts as a beacon for the symbiotes that will prepare the citizens for symbiosis.
Mysterio's information leads Spider-Man to a warehouse that hides an enormous underground base in which the symbiotes that are cloned from Carnage's symbiote are being manufactured. Spider-Man learns that Mysterio was right when he runs into the Punisher at Warehouse 65. Spider-Man finds a path leading into an undersea base. After rescuing Black Cat, Spider-Man discovers the masterminds behind the plan: Doctor Octopus/Doc Ock (Otto Octavius) and Carnage. Spider-Man then battles Doc Ock, who is protected behind a force field, while Venom appears and goes off to battle Carnage. After Spider-Man defeats Doc Ock, Carnage knocks out Venom, Spider-Man defeats both villains, but the Carnage symbiote fuses with Doctor Octopus to produce an enormous, out-of-control monster, called "Monster Ock". Monster Ock accidentally destroys the base, and Spider-Man barely escapes to the surface, where he is rescued by Captain America who was called by Black Cat and Venom.
Spider-Man is then shown playing cards with Captain America, Storm, Daredevil,Venom and Punisher while Black Cat and Human Torch are dancing. Meanwhile in jail, Mysterio, Rhino, Shocker, Scorpion, and a Jade Syndicate Thug are shown playing cards as Doctor Octopus is banging his head on the cell bars. Scorpion openly mocks them for having "All worked together but, you still couldn't beat spider-man"

GAMEPLAY:
The game sees players controlling Spider-Man as he goes through each level, either trying to reach the exit or complete a certain objective. Players must restart the current level if Spider-Man runs out of health, falls down a bottomless abyss, or fails certain objectives (such as letting a hostage die). Spider-Man is able to utilise his spider powers to traverse the environments, being able to crawl on walls and ceilings, swing short distances and instantly zip between certain points. In combat, Spider-Man can utilise a limited supply of web-cartridges to attack his enemies, either webbing them up to stall or defeat them, increasing the strength of his attacks, or forming an explosive barrier. Spider-Man can also find power-ups such as Spider-Armor which temporarily increases his strength and defense, and Fire Webbing which is effective against symbiotes.

ALTERNATE COSTUMES:
There are variety of different costumes that span the course of Spider-Man's career featured in the game, each one achieved by accomplishing various goals or by entering in a cheat code. While some are just alternate character skins, others give Spider-Man new abilities. These costumes include the Symbiote, Spider-Man Unlimited, street clothes, Quick-Change Spider-Man, Bombastic Bagman, Spider-Armor, Scarlet Spider, Ben Reilly and Captain Universe versions. every time the game is completed it will unlock another costume.

WHAT IF? MODE:
Upon entering a code in the game, a player can activate the What If? mode. What If? was a series of comics that looked at alternate takes of events in Marvel Comics history, and in much the same way the game becomes an alternate version of itself. Although the story plays the same, there are subtle differences scattered throughout the scenery and audio track. When a new game is started, Uatu appears and explains to the player that things are no longer as they once were.

MAJOR VILLAINS IN THE GAME:
    * Scorpion- A boss who tries to kill J. Jonah Jameson
    * Rhino - A boss who is working with Carnage and Doctor Octopus. He helps them steal a piece of technology necessary to replicate the symbiote organisms.
    * Venom (was played against Spider-Man by Spider-Man imposter)
    * Lizard (Not a boss in game but gives information about the location of Mary Jane Watson)
    * Mysterio - Assumes the role of the 'impostor Spider-man', using his role to frame the real Spider-man for stealing the technology.
    * Doctor Octopus - Assuming a 'reformed image', Doctor Octopus attempts to turn the world's populace into Symbiotes so the human race can "reach a new peak in evolution".
    * Carnage - Merely wanting to infect the world with the symbiote so he can then rule over the human race.
    * Monster-Ock (exclusive to the game)- A monstrous result of Doctor Octopus fusing with the Carnage symbiote. He is deranged, and his only fit purpose is to attempt to kill Spider-man.
-------------------
-------------------
-------------------

SPIDER MAN 2 ENTER ELECTRO:

PLOT:
After a brief lesson from Beast, Spider-Man interrupts a robbery at BioTech, planting a tracer on the leader's bike. The tracer leads him to a warehouse, where he interrogates a thug who tells him where to go next. After a battle with Shocker, he heads for the airfield, but is interrupted by a bomb scare on the way. At the airfield, Spider-Man observes an unconscious pilot's plane being started up, and plants another tracer on a helicopter used by the attackers. Successfully freeing the pilot before the plane crashes, he follows the helicopter's tracer to a train yard, where he battles Sandman and boards a fleeing train. On board, he encounters Beetle, who leaves behind a clue as to his scheme.
Meanwhile, the Science and Industry ball is stormed by Hammerhead and Scorpia, who have come to take Dr. Watts hostage. When Spider-Man defeats them, it becomes apparent that Sandman has escaped with Watts. Spider-Man decides to head for BioTech itself, where he ultimately faces Lizard. The defeated Lizard reverts to his human form and explains that Electro's goal was to steal the "Bio-Nexus" device, before instructing Spider-Man to go to Dr. Watts' lab.
Following a rooftop chase, he arrives at the lab and learns of the device's power source, only to be caught in another battle against Sandman. Defeating Sandman by flushing him down the sewer grate with water, he sees a news report about the power source - a sapphire named Zeus' Tear - being on display in the museum, and promptly heads there. Catching up with Dr. Watts and Electro, he battles Electro and, in the battle, Dr. Watts is accidentally captured by Electro, who offers to free her if Spider-Man gives him Zeus' tear. Spider-Man reluctantly obeys, and misses in an attempt to reclaim the gem before Electro catches it.
Electro uses the gem to supercharge himself into Hyper-Electro, before flying to a massive conductor to use his new powers. He then yells, "TONIGHT, ELECTRO DANCES WITH THE GODS!!" Spider-Man eventually discovers his weakness by damaging the Bio-Nexus and making Hyper-Electro vulnerable by having him attack the generators that had their capacitors removed by Spider-Man. With Electro vulnerable at those points, Spider-Man defeats him.
The next day, Spider-Man reads the front page of a newspaper published by the Daily Bugle. Outside of it listing that Spider-Man destroyed the Bio-Nexus device and the Zeus' Tear, the newspaper states that Thor was the one who saved Manhattan from Electro. Spider-Man reacts to this by asking "Now what's this all about." Spider-Man then states that he's got to get a new agent.
Meanwhile, Electro is in jail while Hammerhead and Shocker are playing Poker. Electro complains that he would've been a god if Spider-Man hadn't ruined his plan. Hammerhead silences him by telling him to "shut up." When Hammerhead asks Shocker if he knows any other card games, Shocker states that maybe the villains in Doctor Octopus' cell may know some. As Shocker asks if any of them know how to play Go Fish, it shows Doctor Octopus banging his head on the cell bars as he does at the end of the first game.

COSTUMES:
By completing certain in-game goals, new costumes can be unlocked for Spider-Man to wear. Many of them have special powers to alter the game experience. Included are all the costumes from the first game (see Spider-Man) with the same abilities, as well as several new outfits. In addition to the costumes, the player can also access a setting called "Create-A-Spider" mode, which allows the player to apply up to three in-game powers to any unlocked costume. The powers include invincibility, stealth, and unlimited webbing among others.

DIFFERENCES:
Although the gameplay and design are relatively similar, one major difference of the game from the first was the ability to play on ground levels. In the first game, if Spider-Man swung too low he would fall into the yellow mist that dominated all the levels and die. This game presented levels that are city streets, however they were confined grids rather than a free-roam environment. Also, Spider-man was given the ability to fire a web-ball in mid-air, which would come in handy during some of the fights. Also, this time around, training mode takes the player to the X-Men's Danger Room where Rogue and Professor X teach Spider-Man what he needs to know. The hand animation is also changed. Now, every characters' hands can react instead of waving fists. The basic punch and kick combo moves are changed, doing away with the two-handed uppercut/ mule-kick for the third strike.

WHAT IF? MODE:
Like the first game, What If? mode is again present and accessed by entering a cheat code. However, the changes this time around were not as numerous and often repetitive.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk