Official Web SIte:  http://macitbetter.com/


BetterZip lets you quickly inspect archives without first extracting their contents.

* Extract Only Files You Really Need: If you only need a few files or 
  folders from a larger archive, you don't have to extract the whole thing. 
  Simply drag the files you need from the BetterZip window to any Finder 
  'window or the desktop.

* Open Archives Without Extracting: Not only can BetterZip open
   archives without first extracting them but you can also search for a file
   using the iTunes-like interface. BetterZip can open and extract archives 
  with the most common formats: ZIP, SIT, TAR, XAR, GZip, BZip2, 
  RAR, 7-Zip, CPIO, ARJ, LZH/LHA, JAR, WAR, CAB, ISO, CHM,
   RPM, DEB, NSIS, BIN, HQX.

* Create Archives: Simply drag files and folders from your hard drives, 
  disks, or network places into your new zip file. You no longer have to 
  copy all the files into a temporary folder first. The supported formats are      
  ZIP, TAR, GZip and BZip2 compressed TAR, XAR, 7-ZIP, and RAR 
  (using the external RAR commandline tool). Large archives can also be 
  split.

* Protect Your Data: BetterZip can protect your data with a password and
   create WinZip compatible AES-256 encrypted archives. 7-zip and rar 
  archives can also be protected.

* Update Archives: Add new or updated files to existing archives. 
  Remove any file or folder from an archive, or even move files around 
  inside the archive as if it were a normal folder.

* Make Archives Compatible: Strip Mac specific files and resource forks 
  from archives for best compatibility with systems like Windows or 
  Linux.

What's New

Version 2.0.1:

* Fixed extraction for SIT archives.

* Fixed the selection of service and default presets.

* Fixed correct execution of some post-extraction options (revealing the 
  extracted files in Finder, removing the archive, ...)

* Fixed a potential security problem.

System Requirements:

Mac OS X 10.6 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---