Pulp - This Is Hardcore [1998] (Limited UK Issue With This Is Glastonbury)(2CD)


By 1997, the Britpop party had turned sour; Pulp chronicled the comedown. Those listening to This Is Hardcore expecting another dose of the band's trademark perky observation were in for a big surprise.

If the strangely depressing single "Help The Aged" that preceded the album had not set alarm bells ringing, the message and mood of oppressive gothic-pop opener "The Fear" was unmistakable: "This is the sound of someone losing the plot/Making out they're okay when they're not/You're gonna like it, but not a lot," warned Cocker. He wasn't kidding. Pulp had at this point overdosed on fame. "Party Hard" hinted at the excess that fostered this atmosphere with detached self-disgust.

This Is Hardcore is a profoundly unsettling piece of work (only Nirvana's In Utero matches it in recent times), from the celebrity-as-pornographer motif of the title track, to the nagging pessimism of the final song, which jarred so brutally with the manically upbeat mood of Blair's Britain. The album is also Pulp's most musically accomplished: "Seductive Barry" spools with relentless, mesmerizing menace; "Party Hard" is a deranged funk workout.

Although it reached No.1, the album tanked compared to its predecessor, Different Class, which was probably exactly what Pulp wanted-and needed (though the cover sparked a minor furor, as the band were accused of pornographic exploitation themselves). Play it back-to-back with Different Class for a crash course on the perils of getting what you want, whenever you want, with whomever you want.

Tracks:

CD1

101 - Pulp - The Fear.flac
102 - Pulp - Dishes.flac
103 - Pulp - Party Hard.flac
104 - Pulp - Help The Aged.flac
105 - Pulp - This Is Hardcore.flac
106 - Pulp - TV Movie.flac
107 - Pulp - A Little Soul.flac
108 - Pulp - I'm A Man.flac
109 - Pulp - Seductive Barry.flac
110 - Pulp - Sylvia.flac
111 - Pulp - Glory Days.flac
112 - Pulp - The Day After The Revolution.flac


CD2

201 - Pulp - The Fear.flac
202 - Pulp - Live Bed Show.flac
203 - Pulp - TV Movie.flac
204 - Pulp - A Little Soul.flac
205 - Pulp - Party Hard.flac
206 - Pulp - Help The Aged.flac
207 - Pulp - Seductive Barry.flac

ƒRipping logs includedƒ