mild nudity 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0235413/


We are so far 350GB invested into our Rumpole torrent, we do hope to find a 
second seeder soon as so far this is a torrent everyone seems to be happy
to be finished with and move on. hats sad, as it is a great series to share
on with even more peers if you are able to help seed. ta!

We had an outage earlier this morniong and our server was down for perhaps
two whole hours - at a crucial time when we were just about to graduate our
first couple of completions of the Upstairs downstairs re-launch we posted
recently. (29GB). I had to brave the cold winter here and head o a neighbourhood
internet cafe with my laptop to assure everyone we didn't mean to let you down.

Anyway, we got back up and running earlier than expected from what our ISP
had indicated. They have been truly great to work with since our switchover to
fibe-service levels of speed. We some times do still experience minor brown-outs
however bear with us as we have incredible speed when justified for a particular
set of torrents and we plan to upgrade even more soon if our budget allows (they
are changing rate plans we understand).

By the way, the torrent edit feature hasn't worked for a while. Could someone 
kindly fix this for me. With thanks!

Also it would be handy if we had a profile section where someone could click
to send an email to find out if you are down (or whatever) and where you
could post a comment to keep your peers assured of such matters and circumstances
if ever needed. God forbid.

This movie we bring you today is a real treat. An Austrian couple may just have
had their baby taken by a Turkish couple deported back to their own country -
as a result of a mistake made by a nun along the way, it would appear!

For those that follow developments at the EU, this is an interesting look
at the Turkish cultural implications for German Austrians for example
and the reverse is true of course. I'm not saying that is not the case here.

I fell in love with the Austrian gal from the start of th movie (she also has
great unmistakably German-French warmth too). Anyway, I couldn't fathom placing
her at risk in border smuggling - however its only a movie after all!

Enjoy this important movie for Europeans interested in cross-cultural implications
for present day Europe


Michael Rizzo Chessman


English SRT (UTF-8) subtitles - tested on our player and worked fine.





