The Jim Bohannon Show 12-Oct-11 CF mp3 32K
Commercial Free

Wednesday, October 12, 2011
On The Jim Bohannon Show...

As if we needed more evidence that terrorism is an ever-present threat within our own shores, this week\'s news should convince you. First, U.S. officials thwart a plot against the life of the Saudi ambassador to the U.S. that would have involved bombing a Washington, DC, restaurant. Then, we have the trial of the man accused of being the \'underwear bomber\' abruptly ending when the defendant changed his plea to guilty. So, we know there are terror plots being actively planned right this minute, many of them involving home-grown terrorists. One of the easier methods of attack would be through the use of a biological agent, like anthrax. So, how safe are we against such an attack, now ten years since Nine-Eleven? And just how prepared are we to respond should such an attack take place? The bipartisan WMD Terrorism Research Center is out today with its Bio-Response Report Card and while trends are marginally improving, the report card contains far more Ds and Fs than Bs or Cs - and there are no As at all. We\'ll talk about the Report Card and the WMD Center\'s recommendations on how to improve the grades with two high-level members of the Center: its president Lynne Kidder, and its CEO, a return guest: retired Air Force Colonel Randy Larsen.

Ready to pay even more to fly? And this time, we\'re not talking about the dozens of fees being charged by the airlines. If the Obama administration has its way, you can expect to be charged an additional 100 dollar \'take-off fee\' each time your flight leaves the ground, plus another five dollars in a \'passenger security fee\' for each leg of your journey. Some of the money raised would go to the Transportation Security Administration, and the rest would be used to upgrade the nation\'s aging air traffic control system - admittedly long overdue. Still, the extra fees shouldn\'t keep you from flying, especially when the airlines are having fare sales. Did we mention that Southwest can get you away for as little as 40 bucks right now? Well, when it comes to deals on travel - whether it be on land, on the sea, or in the air - the man we turn to is Tom Parsons, CEO of the website BestFares.com. His bread-and-butter is helping people like you and me ferret out bargains we could never find on our own. He wants you to become a savvy traveler and save on all of your trip expenses. In fact, right on the home page of BestFares.com is a listing of great airfares that won\'t be around forever, so you know the old saying: if you snooze, you lose! Plus, he\'s got some special deals just for you tonight, so listen carefully and have paper and pencil handy! Start by going to BestFares.com and typing JIMBO into the search box!