Little Feat
Sailin' Shoes


Label: Warner Bros
Released: 1972
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 217 MB
Format: FLAC





Sailin' Shoes was the second studio album by the American rock band Little Feat, released in 1972. It is notable for several reasons.

First, it introduced the work of Neon Park to the group, with his design of a sailing shoe of a cake swinging on a tree swing that adorned the front cover, which seems to be an allusion to The Swing by painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. Second, it was a more refined album than predecessor, signaling a shift from that album into the next. Third, it marked the last album original bassist Roy Estrada appeared on.

Highlighted by a reworked group version of "Willin'", the track that had led Frank Zappa to sack guitarist and vocalist Lowell George from The Mothers of Invention, it also featured such enduring tracks as "A Apolitical Blues", "Easy to Slip" and the title track, all by guitarist and lead vocalist Lowell George, the second co-written with Martin Kibbee (a.k.a. Fred Martin), a former bandmate (The Factory), and the first appearance of the "George/Martin" credit on a Little Feat record.

It was the last full Little Feat record to be produced by an outsider until 1977's Time Loves a Hero, the three albums in the interim produced nearly in their entireties by Lowell George.

In 1988, Van Halen did a cover of "A Apolitical Blues" on their album, OU812. However, at least some cassette copies of the album don't include this song.

In 2008 the album was released as Gold CD (Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab).


The history of Little Feat consists of three phases: The first two albums, including this one, constitutes phase one, when they were at their most creative, veering between the worlds of Ry Cooder and Frank Zappa to create the freshest sounds they could think of. Sailin' Shoes churns with musical energy, layers of guitars and keyboards tweaked for maximum enjoyment, supporting lyrics that were both quirky and wise. Phase two, which is when they built their fan base, runs from Dixie Chicken thru Waiting for Columbus, and the death of founder Lowell George in about 1979. This is the sound they are most known for, when they gained the singularly inapt term "Southern Fried," as if this band had something to do with Marshall Tucker or Lynyrd Skynyrd. There is great music in this phase, but each album became more mannered and less inspired than the one preceeding it. No question, the band suffered from Lowell's bad habits, declining health, and reduced commitment to writing. But fat, drunk, stoned and creatively blocked as he might have been, during this period Lowell still gave the band a unique spark. Now they are in their third phase, as kind of a career party band known mostly for putting on a fun show. Nothing wrong with that, but if you like today's Little Feat, do yourself a favor and reach back into 1972 for the creative flash that started it all. 


Personnel

Lowell George - vocals, guitar, harmonica, baritone saxophone, drum machine
Richard Hayward - drums, percussion, backing vocals
Bill Payne - piano, organ, accordion, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Cat Fever"
Roy Estrada - bass, backing vocals (last album with group)


Additional Personnel

Milt Holland - percussion on "Easy to Slip" and "Trouble"
Sneaky Pete Kleinow - pedal steel guitar on "Willin'" and "Texas Rose Cafe"
Debbie Lindsey - vocals on "Cold Cold Cold" and "Sailin' Shoes"
Ron Elliott - rhythm guitar on "A Apolitical Blues"


Track Listing

All tracks by Lowell George, except where noted.

1."Easy to Slip" (Lowell George, Fred Martin) – 3:22
2."Cold Cold Cold" – 4:01
3."Trouble" – 2:19
4."Tripe Face Boogie" (Richard Hayward, Bill Payne) – 3:16
5."Willin'" – 2:57
6."A Apolitical Blues" – 3:28
7."Sailin' Shoes" – 2:53
8."Teenage Nervous Breakdown" – 2:13
9."Got No Shadow" (Payne) – 5:08
10."Cat Fever" (Payne) – 4:37
11."Texas Rose Cafe" – 3:42
