01. Scene One: Regression [02:06]
02. Scene Two: I. Overture 1928 [03:38]
03. Scene Two: II. Strange Deja Vu [05:12]
04. Scene Three: I. Through My Words [01:03]
05. Scene Three: II. Fatal Tragedy [06:49]
06. Scene Four: Beyond This Life [11:23]
07. Scene Five: Through Her Eyes [05:29]
08. Scene Six: Home [12:53]
09. Scene Seven: I. The Dance of Eternity [06:14]
10. Scene Seven: II. One Last Time [03:47]
11. Scene Eight: The Spirit Carries On [06:38]
12. Scene Nine: Finally Free [12:00]






Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory is the fifth studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater, released in 1999. It is a concept album that deals with the story of a man named Nicholas and the discovery of his past life, which involves love, murder, and infidelity as Victoria Page. It was recorded at BearTracks Studios in New York, where the band had previously recorded their second studio album Images and Words (1992) and the EP A Change of Seasons (1995).

The album is the sequel to "Metropolis, Pt. 1: The Miracle and the Sleeper", a song previously featured on Images and Words. Critical reaction to the album was very favorable, and it reached #73 on the Billboard 200 album chart. It was also the first album to feature Jordan Rudess on keyboards, and is currently the last album for which John Myung has written lyrics for a song. It was also the first featuring the line-up which had not changed until Mike Portnoy left the band on September 8, 2010 making 2009 release Black Clouds & Silver Linings the last album featuring him on drums.



After participating with keyboardist Jordan Rudess in Liquid Tension Experiment, a supergroup composed of various members of famous progressive rock bands and finding themselves writing music and working together quite easily, drummer Mike Portnoy and guitarist John Petrucci convinced the band to offer Rudess the position of full-time keyboardist for the band's upcoming album. He accepted, and current keyboardist Derek Sherinian was fired from the band via a conference call between the four members in New York and him in Los Angeles (Portnoy and Petrucci have stated that while it was an uncomfortable and unattractive situation, they didn't want to ask Derek to fly out from L.A. to New York only to be fired)[citation needed]. After his departure, the band went back to BearTracks Studios in Suffern, NY to record their new album, previously the site of recording for Images and Words. (A photograph of Beartracks Studios is featured on the album's back cover, meant to represent the house in the album.) After the commercial failure of Falling Into Infinity, their record label gave the band free rein over their new album's direction, which led the band to finally finish the story begun with "Metropolis, Pt. 1" from Images and Words.

The album's recording was kept secret, to keep fans from meddling with the band's recording, and to surprise them. Fans had previously requested the band to make the sequel to the first part, but they had not yet been able (nor had they originally intended one to be made). However, shortly before the album's release, the track list and release date were leaked onto the internet against the band's wishes.

Following the album's release, the band embarked on an extensive world tour, and at a show in New York City the band actually hired actors to "perform" the album while they were playing the music in the background[citation needed]. The performance was recorded and was released in 2001 as the Metropolis 2000 Live DVD.

The album was ranked number 95 on the October 2006 issue of Guitar World magazine's list of the greatest 100 guitar albums of all time.

Roughly half of the songs on the album were used for the soundtrack of the American version of The History of Trunks, a Dragon Ball Z TV Special.

In 2010 the album went GOLD in the US.