After three decades of research Dr. Budwig,  sixtime nominee for the Nobel
Award, found that the blood of seriously ill cancer patients was always,
without exception, deficient in certain important essential ingredients
which included substances called phosphatides and lipoproteins. (The blood
of a healthy person always contains sufficient quantities of these essential
ingredients. However, without these natural ingredients cancer cells grow
wild and out of control.)


Blood analysis showed a strange greenish-yellow substance in place of the
healthy red oxygen carrying hemoglobin that belongs there. This explained
why cancer patients weaken and become anemic. This startling discovery led
Dr. Budwig to test her theory.


She found that when these natural ingredients where replaced over
approximately a three month period, tumors gradually receded.The strange
greenish elements in the blood were replaced with healthy red blood cells as
the phosphatides and lipoproteins almost miraculously reappeared. Weakness
and anemia disappeared and life energy was restored. Symptoms of cancer,
liver dysfunction and diabetes were completely alleviated.


Dr. Budwig then discovered an all natural way for people to replace those
essential ingredients their bodies so desperately needed in their daily
diet. By simply eating a combination of just two natural and delicious
foods not only can cancer be prevented but in case after case it was
actually cured. (These two natural foods, organic flax seed oil & cottage
cheese) must be eaten together to be effective since one triggers the
properties of the other to be released.)


After more than 10 years of solid clinical application, Dr. Budwig\'s natural
formula has proven successful where many orthodox remedies have failed. Dr.
Budwig\'s formula has been used therapeutically in Europe for prevention of:
Cancer! Arteriosclerosis, Strokes, Cardiac Infarction, Heartbeat
(irregular), Liver (fatty degeneration), Lungs (reduces bronchial
spasms), Intestines (regulates activity). Stomach Ulcers (normalizes
gastric juices), Prostate (hypertopic), Arthritis (exerts a favorable
influence), Eczema (assists all skin diseases), Old age (improves many
common afflictions), Brain (strenghthens activity), Immune Deficiency
Syndromes (multiple sclerosis, autoimmune illnesses)


Thousands have flocked to hear Dr. Budwig lecture all over Europe. The many
people Dr. Budwig\'s formula has helped testify to the benefits of her
remarkable discovery.


