[b]Professional Screencasting Studio[/b]

[img]http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSzAyBq1ktXJJgdXQEkcDyMjzU0iLgCHGNQCmqyTQYhj_582mA1Sg&t=1[/img]
 
[img]http://www.telestream.net/images/icon-mac-universal.gif[/img]

Record. Edit. Share.
With Telestream ScreenFlow screencasting software, you can capture the contents of your entire monitor at the same time as you capture your video camera, microphone and computer's audio. Simple but powerful editing tools enable you to create incredible screencasts in no time.The finished result is a QuickTime or Windows Media movie, ready for publishing to your Web site or blog.
 
Feature Highlights

    * Publish directly to YouTube
    * Full range of elegant 2D & 3D transitions
    * Clip Speed, Freeze Frame & Pause Recording
    * Audio Ducking and Audio Detach
    * Record from desktop, a video camera, microphone
      and computer's audio all at the same time
    * Highlight using 'Callouts'
    * Elegant titling effects
    * Powerful editing tools
    * Keyboard shortcuts to make editing faster
    * Insert freeze frames
    * Highest quality exporting
    * Customize your cursor
    * Picture-in-Picture
    * Position video in 3D
    * And much more...


[b]New Features in ScreenFlow 2.1 screencasting software[/b]

New Flash Publish feature
ScreenFlow can now create an all-in-one Flash video presentation, ready for easy upload straight to your website. The HTML, video and Flash player component are automatically created by ScreenFlow in a single step.

64-bit support for audio capture
The audio driver used by ScreenFlow to capture system audio will now run on 64-bit Snow Leopard kernels.

Automatic saving of documents
ScreenFlow will continuously save changes to your documents in the background, ready to recover any unsaved edits in the unlikely event a fatal error occurs.

 
[b]Features[/b]

The Best Capture
ScreenFlow has the best screen capture available. Using a custom multithreaded SSE & Altivec accelerated, 64-bit enabled compression system, ScreenFlow can handle everything from capturing DVD video & audio to fast moving Keynote presentations.

Record Everything
You don't need to pick an area of the screen for capture, ScreenFlow has advanced algorithms that only encode areas of change on your screen. The application is powerful enough to simultaneously record from your iSight or DV camera at the same time as your screen (and your microphone and computer's audio!).

Highlight
During your screen capture, ScreenFlow tracks where your mouse cursor is, when you click and when you press a key. This allows you to add mouse click effects (both visual and audible), an overlay showing your keystrokes and even lets you zoom the mouse pointer up & down.

Edit
Once your screen capture is complete, you're transported to the ScreenFlow editor. Using a familiar timeline interface, ScreenFlow lets you easily add zoom & pan effects, trim clips, add drop shadow & reflection, adjust audio levels etc. You can even combine existing media into your screencast.

Callout
Callouts let you highlight & focus in on the mouse or front most window. Want to circle the area around the mouse? What took an experienced user minutes or hours in Final Cut Pro or After Effects is now a couple of clicks away.

Customizable Cursors
Customize your cursor's shape, size, opacity and use your own PNG file to personalize and brand your demo presentation.

Motion
ScreenFlow introduces actions to the editing interface. These make it very quick & easy to modify parameters of your screencast over time. For example, adding a video action lets you put zoom & pan effects on your clips, while the audio action lets you adjust volume at different points in your screencast.

Format Support
ScreenFlow lets you share your screencast with the broadest audience to be viewed in any media player. ScreenFlow supports export to any QuickTime format, including H.264 MOV for playback in the Flash media player. It also supports direct export to Windows Media video with the Flip4Mac Windows Media component. The variety of export formats allows you to produce content for any user, regardless what media player they prefer.

Powerful titling
ScreenFlow supports titling and text objects, including multiple fonts and styles that enables you to add striking titles to your screencasts.

Picture-in-Picture
With the simultaneous recording of computer desktop and camera, and with the support for various layers, you can easily include a picture-in-picture effect in your ScreenFlow video recording. While demoing a software, or presenting slides you can have a smaller picture of the demo artist or the presenter on top of the actual demo/presentation to make the experience for the viewer even closer to a real world presentation.

Export Quality
When resizing high resolution screen content into a QuickTime or Windows Media movie, ScreenFlow uses custom GPU algorithms to give your finished movie the best possible quality. You'll find even small text suddenly becomes legible for your viewers.

Transitions:  Support added for beautiful 2D and 3D video transitions across your clips.  As you push your clips together, transitions are created automatically, making it easier than ever to create stunning screencasts.

YouTube export:  Direct export to YouTube from within ScreenFlow. When you are done editing your screen recording, simply select Publish to YouTube from the menu. You can choose to publish this to anyone, or add authorization for a controlled distribution to a selected group of people.

Adjust the speed of your clip or freeze a single frame:  Version 2.0 adds the ability to individually adjust the speed of your clips.  If you need a segment to last a little longer, or want to demonstrate a time-lapse of your screen recording, you'll ﬁnd the new high-quality video & audio speed adjustments a powerful addition to your toolbox. Version 2.0 also lets you freeze a single frame of your video, to adjust to the pace of the audio, for example.

Pause Screen Recordings:  If you want to take a break during a long, continuous screencast, version 2.0 adds unlimited pausing & resuming during the recording process.  Your finished screencast will appear as a single clip on the timeline.

Advanced Audio Edits:  In a single click, detach the audio from the video in the timeline. This allows you to edit the audio separately, and even copy/paste it into another project.

Audio Ducking:  With this feature, the background music level is automatically attenuated when a voiceover is playing.

Drag & Drop:  Drag and position content from your media list directly onto the main ScreenFlow video canvas.  You can also now drag & drop media (and copy & paste clips) from one open document to another.

Document Packages:  Version 2.0 now gathers all the media used in your screencast into a document package when you save.  This frees you from manually managing media on your disk and makes archiving and storing your screencasts a very simple process.

Action Curves:  If you want to get ﬁner-grain control over the look of your actions, you can now set the interpolation used for your clip's actions.

Productivity:  New keyboard shortcuts for resizing the timeline, zoom in and out, nudging clips and time overlays all make for a streamlined timeline.  More context sensitive menus, support for the multiple selection of media sources and new track-pad gestures will keep you editing faster than ever.

Timeline Performance:  This is now significantly faster, especially when dealing with large documents with many clips and actions.  The rendering of thumbnail icons now has a much lower system impact.

Export Performance: Includes improved export performance: between 5% for single pass encoding and 25% for multiple pass H.264 encoding on multi-core machines.  You'll also ﬁnd editing performance improved on the latest generation of Intel processors.

Export part of the time line: With version 2.0 you can choose to only export a part of the timeline and not the entire document. Another enhancement that further facilitates your screencasting workflow.

Color Correction:  Ability to adjust saturation, brightness and contrast.

Live Audio Scrubbing:  Adds the ability to scrub the timeline with the audio.

Optimized for Mac OS X
ScreenFlow was built for Mac OS X Leopard, to make extensive use of the best of Mac OS X technologies: Core Animation, QuickLook, Spotlight, QTKit, Quartz Composer, OpenGL, Core Image, Automator, Core Data and many others. ScreenFlow also supports Apple's latest OS Snow Leopard.


[b]Technical Specifications[/b]
System Requirements

Mac computer logo

Mac OS X

    * Mac OS X Leopard 10.5 or Snow Leopard 10.6
    * G5 or Intel¹ based CPU required². Core 2 Duo recommended
      NOTE: G4 customers should run version 1.5.4
    * A Quartz Extreme capable graphics card
    * A supported programmable GPU required for certain effects & functionality
    * Camera support available for SD cameras only³

¹Intel GMA chips are unable to support Motion Blur and some Callout features 
²Intel and PPC are not cross-compatible - files created on one architecture cannot be opened on a second architecture
³ScreenFlow does not accept HD video sources. Consult your camera manufacturer to find out if it supports SD content.

Version: 2.1.9
Build: (15061)
hash: 20acbca31c0361f689a48e3b8d2b079b2b056502

* As always if you like the software please purchase!