Series Six starts off with one of the most popular OFAH scenes and arguably one of the best gags in British comedy history. Then it moves on literally with a bang, to gold chains, The Groovy Gang and contact with the other side. Finally, it ends up with a wedding - aaaaah!





Yuppy Love

Transmitted: 8.1.1989
Duration: 50 minutes
Viewing Figures: 13.9 million

Del has just seen the film Wall Street and decided the upwardly-mobile lifestyle is for him. The camel-hair coat is out, and in comes a smart new image. Green mackintosh, mobile phone, aluminium briefcase, but the yellow van remains.

Del even wants to buy the flat off the council and sell it for a fast buck.

Rodney, meanwhile, has decided to complete a computing diploma course at the Adult Education Centre. It's there that he meets a beautiful posh sort called Cassandra, who learns his name from the tag Del stitched into his raincoat (for a giggle).

Del and Trig ditch The Nags Head in favour of propping up a wine bar. The rest is comedy gold. Rodney and the boys head to a club, where Rodders amazes the others by dancing with Cassandra.

Play a video clip » »
One of the most popular OFAH scenes and arguably one of the best gags in British comedy history!
------------------------

Danger UXD

Transmitted: 15.1.1989
Duration: 50 minutes
Viewing Figures: 16.1 million

Del continues to pursue the Yuppy lifestyle, and insists that Rodney follows suit by wearing… a suit. He convinces his young bruv that it will help him shift 50 video recorders he got off of Ronnie Nelson at the Advanced Electronics Research and Development Centre.

Ever the opportunist, Del helps Denzil out by taking 50 dolls off his hands. Unfortunately the Trotters discover too late that they are inflatable sex dolls, filled with explosive propane gas.



------------------------

Chain Gang

Transmitted: 22.1.1989
Duration: 50 minutes
Viewing Figures: 16.3 million

Del strikes up a cushty deal with a retired jewellery dealer called Arnie. When a case of 18-carat gold chains is offered to him, Del agrees buy them to the tune of £12,500.

Despite Rodney's objections, Derek ropes Mike, Boycie, Trigger, Albert and… Rodney into a consortium in which no-one can lose.

A spanner is thrown into the works when Arnie collapses at a business lunch, seemingly struck by a heart-attack. The ambulance whisks him away, with both the jewellery and twelve-and-a-half grand still on his person.

Despite being dead, Rodney spots Arnie collapsing and being whisked away from another restaurant.

They've been had, but no-one pulls a fast one quicker than the Trotters and revenge is the only dish on the menu at Arnie's next meal.
-----------------

The Unlucky Winner Is...

Transmitted: 29.1.1989
Duration: 50 minutes
Viewing Figures: 17 million

Del has entered every competition on the market, trying to win as many freebies as possible.

Rodney has unknowingly been entered for an art competition, and won it. It's only when he arrives at the 5 star hotel in Mallorca that he learns he was a schoolboy when he composed the winning painting, and has won the under-15 category.

While Del and Cassie enjoy playing mum and dad, Rodders has to endure the Fun Bus, chaotic children, and becoming a lifelong member of The Groovy Gang.

He has the last laugh, however, as Del's tinkering with his passport makes them ineligible to claim Rodney's winning ticket on the Spanish lottery.
---------------------

Sickness And Wealth

Transmitted: 5.2.1989
Duration: 50 minutes
Viewing Figures: 18.2 million

Del is having stomach pains. It could be his new fast-paced Yuppy lifestyle, or it could the eviction notice demanding three months worth of unpaid rent up front.

TITCO hasn't been successful and the pressure's on to raise the cash.

The solution presents itself in the shape of Uncle Albert's lady-friend Elsie Partridge, a medium who lives off payments for her amazing predictions.

Del thinks it's a load of mumbo-jumbo, but sets up a seance room in The Nags Head. Albert, worried for Del's health tells Elsie to say his Mum has contacted her asking him to go the doctor.

When Marlene falls pregnant, just as Elsie foresaw, Del takes heed and is prescribed with irritable bowl syndrome. When he gets home Rodney has another shock for him: He and Cassie are engaged.
---------------------

Little Problems

Transmitted: 12.2.1989
Duration: 50 minutes
Viewing Figures: 18.9 million

Rodney's down in the dumps. Despite getting engaged, he thinks he's failed his Diploma in Computer Science, which could cost him a good job at Cassandra's father's company.

On top of that, he can't come up with his share of the dosh for the new flat he and Cassandra plan to buy. His only relief is that the diploma arrives in the post.

Del comes to the rescue, promising to call in all his favours to raise the money Rodney needs.

Trouble is, the Driscoll brothers are calling in their debts, and those who can't pay get bruised.

Managing to buy precious time, Del cons Boycie into paying for some dodgy video recorders and can cover the Trotter's debts. Meanwhile, Uncle Albert has Del sussed, and asks him how much Rodney's diploma cost.

Not all goes to plan in the end, and Del fulfils the duties as a battered and bruised Best Man. After some words of Trotter wisdom, Rodders and Cassie journey to Rimini for their honeymoon.

