Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description



POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth  



POtHS - Who said nothings free?

Here is The Love of Jesus - Free and
FREE FREE FREE High Speed Download
SUPER FAST DOWNLOAD
The Grace of Jesus Christ is also FREE
OR You Get Your MONEY Back. That would be a Bummer.


POtHS - Jesus - KING of KINGS - 10 Jesus Movies - Includes - The Star of Bethlehem - (Earth Shaking Revelation)

The Star of Bethlehem is from World Famous Producer Stephen McEveety, Producer of The Passion of The Christ and The Stoning of Sorya M. These 3 films are in my top 10 of all time Motion Pictures.



I have been uploading torrent Files for about 6 years now. The All Time biggest download I Have had is Jesus of Nazareth from the 1970's. Millions have watched this Premiere production that I keep uploading over and over and every time there are bigger amounts of downloads. Jesus keeps getting bigger and bigger.

Here is a recommendation. Watch the First 3 Parts of Jesus of Nazareth, then replace Part 4 with Mel Gibson's Passion of The Christ. Back in The 70's you could not show the Violence that was imposed on The Body of Jesus Christ. Mel even went a little "Light" on The Violence of The Crucifixion of Jesus. There are now 8 other Jesus Movies besides the 2 already spoken of.

Jesus King of All Kings
Jesus of Nazareth
King of Kings
The Gospel of John
The Greatest Story Ever Told
The Jesus Film Project
The Miracle Maker
The Passion of The Christ
Jesus The Movie

The Star of Bethlehem - This can be downloaded by it's self with Starry Night Software at 




POtHS - The Star of Bethlehem - New Software (Included) Confirms Biblical Birth of Jesus thru The Bible, Astronomy and Astrology.

From Stephen McEveety, Producer of Passion Of The Christ

Wow,Wow and WOW. What a Christmas Gift. I have watched this presentation 10 times in the last 2 days. Magnificent this is. This MOVIE will move all that watch. Believers and non-believers alike are in AWH at this presentation. You should watch this Christmas Day and see what the Stars say about December 25. It is not what you think. The Lunar eclipse as we witnessed Monday NIGHT in California is a True sign of The Maker Yahweh. In 2014 and 2015 4 of these Prophesied Blood Moon happenings ALL occur on Jewish Feast Holidays. If that not a Prophetic sign, NOTHING IS. The New software included lets you look at the Same Sky that Jesus looked at 2000 years ago. This is Spectacular.

You can see the same skies the Jews gazed at thousands of years ago when the Star of Bethlehem appeared in the Skies to Mark the Birth of Jesus of Nazareth.[/size]


type POtHS in your search window for more info, or just Google POtHS


JESUS:

Born of a Virgin, he was killed for our transgressions, his blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live with the Lord in Eternity.


RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.





           thankyou    thankyou    thankyou  Thank You JESUS [/font]   