NOTE: Keygen is a little twitchy - so you may have to reopen it many times until it remains open - but it does work!

Official Web Site:  http://www.belightsoft.com/products/liveinterior/proedition.php

Live Interior 3D Pro Edition

* The Pro Edition of Live Interior 3D takes the home design
  experience to an advanced level by offering an advanced tool
  kit  that empowers you to take maximum control over your 3D
  home design project without complicated twists and turns.


2D Floor Plans

* Map out your home or office on a CAD-like 2D floor plan.
  Smoothly sketch walls, ceilings, and other floor plan elements
  using the versatile drawing tools.

* Place dimension marks, custom annotations, and more right on
  the area of your 2D floor plan.

* The new alternative 2D view displays furniture as if you were
  looking at the 3D objects from above as opposed to a plain
  CAD-like layout. So you can view your floor plan anyway you
  like.

Real-Time Editing in 3D

* Take a virtual walkthrough of your living space to get a glimpse
  of the interior from any point of view and make any adjustments
  right in the 3D mode. The changes are made in real-time!
  You can edit any aspect of your future home in the realistic 3D 
  environment. Adding furniture and changing the wallpaper is
  as simple as a quick drag and drop.

* In Live Interior 3D, you manage the lighting of your project. You
  have complete control over the color and luminosity of any light
  source. Set the daytime to see how the external light influences
  interior shadows.

* Select the solid or smooth shadow rendering mode to get a
  sharp view of your home.

Content Diversity and Import Capabilities

* The 1,200+ 3D objects and 1,500+ materials supplied with
  Live Interior 3D provide all you need to experiment with your
  interior.

* Import your own furniture and appliances in either
  Google SketchUp™ or 3DS format.

* Compose your own object and material libraries in Live Interior
  3D by creating custom categories and filling them with the
  objects and materials of your choice.

* Integration with Google 3D Warehouse™ provides access to
  an online database of name brand furniture and other 3D
  objects created in Google SketchUp™ that can be downloaded
  and imported directly to your interior design project. You might 
  also want to check out the list of 3D objects and textures web
  resources that we have prepared for you.

Export to Google SketchUp™

* Apart from the import capabilities, Live Interior 3D allows you to
  export your entire project or selected objects to the Google 
  SketchUp format. Effectively share your project with others via
  Google 3D Warehouse™.

Extensive Building Tools

* Live Interior 3D assists in creating your home from head to toe!
  The Roof Assistant quickly gets you started roofing your future
  home. Choose one of 12 roof templates and effortlessly
  customize the angle, thickness, and soffit to meet your
  expectations. Add custom segments to sculpt a more intricate
  roof structure. Find the roofing material you desire among the
  200+ supplied roofing textures.

* Take advantage of loft walls and a collection of 16
  customizable dormers to turn your attic into more than a dusty
  storage area.

* Diversify your home or office with multi-level floors and
  ceilings. Create the high-ceilinged foyer you have always
  hoped for, or a stage for the jazz club you are designing.

* Have you always dreamt of having a wine cellar? Include a
  basement and set the foundation thickness for the preliminary
  building plans.

Other Features: 

Multiple Stories

* Create a house with as many stories as you wish. Place
  staircases between each one and set the ceiling height and
  slab thickness to get the results you need.

Light Source Manager

* Affix light sources to any 3D objects and adjust the color,
  attenuation, glow, and direction of the light. This is great for
  imported light fixtures, furniture with built-in lamps, illuminating
  aquariums, and more.

Wall Designer

* Draw custom niches and openings in walls to add some
  structural diversity to your home. Use this feature to create a
  wet bar or inset bookshelf.

Advanced Material Editor

* Alter any supplied material or create your own from an image
  or photo using advanced options to get the right floor, wall, or
  furniture surface you need. You can also add a realistic
  reflection to any material and control its level.

Google SketchUp™ Editing

* Edit any 3D object directly from the program using Google 
  SketchUp™ (Free or Pro version of SketchUp™ needs to be
  installed).

Export to RenderMan® Compliant RIB Format

* RenderMan® is a 3D rendering technology developed by
  Pixar and delivers photo quality 3D images and video. Live
  Interior 3D Pro allows you to export views of your interior into
  the RenderMan®–compliant RIB format which can be rendered
  using 3Delight Studio Pro.

Watch the video tutorials at:  http://www.belightsoft.com/products/liveinterior/screencasts.php

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.5.8 or later (Lion compatible)

---PLEASE SEED ---