Host: 	George Noory
Guests: Joel Martin, William J. Birnes, Mark Lerner

Authors William J. Birnes and Joel Martin discussed a variety paranormal events, subjects, and personalities of twentieth century America and their unexpected influences. Martin characterized three different categories of the paranormal-- "natural phenomena" such as precognitive dreams, ESP, and telepathy; miracles such as bilocation, stigmata, and mystical events; and the occult, which is sometimes manipulated for evil purposes. Hitler and some of his top echelon were very interested in the occult, Martin noted, adding that Hitler himself was said to be psychic.

Just as the ancient Egyptian pharaohs consulted with prophets, many 20th century leaders have reached out to occult or paranormal advisors, said Birnes. For example, the Reagans heavily consulted with astrologer Joan Quigley, Woodrow Wilson is thought to have sought out health advice from Edgar Cayce, and during her White House years, Hillary Clinton worked with new age advisor Jean Houston to visualize the spirit of Eleanor Roosevelt, they detailed.

Martin and Birnes shared accounts of Father Malachi Martin, known for his work on exorcisms and possessions. It turned out that the Father was doing research on the occult and the paranormal on behalf of the national security of Western European governments, said Birnes. The two also reviewed a possible curse placed on the city of New Orleans by Marie Laveau, as well as untimely deaths associated with those who were involved in reporting on the Amityville Horror case. The Philadelphia Experiment, Freud & Jung's views of the paranormal, and reincarnation were among the other topics they touched on.
Astrological Forecast

First hour guest, astrologer Mark Lerner offered a look at the future via his interpretation of planetary movements. Uranus and Pluto will square each other seven times from June 2012 through March 2015, and this could lead to periods of extreme volatility, he said. Both Mars and Venus will go retrograde during periods of 2012, suggesting times of reflection and reevaluation, he added.

News segment guests: Stan Deyo, Craig Hulet
Website(s):

    ufomag.com
    earthaquariusnews.com

Book(s):

    The Haunting of Twentieth-Century America
    The Haunting of the Presidents: A Paranormal History of the U.S. Presidency
    The Haunting of America
    Inner Child Cards
    Baseball Tarot

