Three of Eiji Yoshikawa\'s novels translated into English. Each book is included in five different file formats:
ePub, LIT, Mobi, PDF, and RTF

You can read this on your Kindle, your Nook, your iPad, your computer, or you can print it all out and try stapling it all together.


Unfortunately the quality of the eBooks vary between the three:
The Heike Story is of base-level quality with basic formatting and a (very) small amount of editing to make it slightly more presentable for the purposes of this torrent.

Taiko is servicable format wise but suffers from loads of typos due to a shoddy OCR job, but you grow to look over them after a few hours of reading.

Musashi was OCR\'d specifically for this torrent by myself as a summer project using aproximately $3000 in software and equipment, over a period of two months, and required approximately 100 hours of my own time to complete. I\'m sure there are groups out there who could OCR this book in a weekend, but I still feel proud of the result because I managed a pretty decent job without reading a single guide or tutorial or consulting any outside source. 
The formatting isn\'t perfect, though, as I may have left some unintentional line breaks in the output; and on occasion, no matter what I did, indentations occasionally behave strangely when read on a Kindle. But other than that, all Japanese words are represented with their proper umlaut-esqe marks. The book mon (symbols) are even included.
Heck, even while writing this description I realized that I hadn\'t added the single Katakana character in the entire book on page 922 manually and had to re-convert the five formats and rebuild the .torrent file for this torrent.
Unfortunately, while I was able to manage putting in chapter hyperlinks for the Kindle, chapter skipping doesn\'t work. Sorry!
The PDF version does look fantastic, though.


Format conversion was completed with the free program Calibre.


Descriptions:

Musashi is a novel in the best tradition of Japanese story telling. It is a living story, subtle and imaginative, teeming with memorable characters, many of them historical. Interweaving themes of unrequited love, misguided revenge, filial piety and absolute dedication to the Way of the Samurai, it depicts vividly a world Westerners know only vaguely. Full of gusto and humor, it has an epic quality and universal appeal. It is the classic samurai novel about the real exploits of the most famous swordsman.


Taiko tells many stories: of the fury of Nobunaga and the fatal arrogance of the black-toothed Yoshimoto; of the pathetic downfall of the House of Takeda; how the scorned Mitsuhide betrayed his master; how once impregnable ramparts fell as their defenders died gloriously. Most of all, though, Taiko is the story of how one man transformed a nation through the force of his will and the depth of his humanity. Filled with scenes of pageantry and violence, acts of treachery and self-sacrifice, tenderness and savagery, Taiko combines the panoramic spectacle of a Kurosawa epic with a vivid evocation of feudal Japan.


The Heike Story is a modern translation of a Japanese classic. Its exotic atmosphere, narrative power, pageantry and poetry will enthrall readers and provide an entertaining introduction to an important source of Japanese culture.




~Here\'s to hoping that one day Kodansha will release these books in electronic format so we can access these works legitimately.
 