well now this is the new stage for the futur next version of vlc 1.1.9
starting from today and coming again and again from continuous nightly builds branch.
experimental versions of VLC that are daily generated from the VLC code that is currently in development.
Several issues that existed in previous versions of VLC might be fixed here, but since this version of VLC is not yet finished, you should expect other problems and issues.
WARNING: The nightly builds can be UNSTABLE and may not work at all.
There is absolutely NO SUPPORT for it from the VideoLAN Team.Try at your own risk so.

Enjoy

seed asap with me,please !

and i repeat : give always up speed enough otherwise you might get nothing at all...
If you cannot download and or give up speed enough,so please,diconnect and stop freezing my seed.every peer must give upload when downloading at the same time.
Otherwise if you are just downloading whitout sharing with your upload to the others,then : you are not a peer but just,an damn egoist.And torrent consist to share;that's the way and you must play a fair full game.
Btw,try to use a recent client torrent.
FDM and opera brother are not suggested to download any torrent.
utorrent and bitorrent are more interesting cause when downloading a torrent,you can see easily your personal status as well as all of the other peers.
In this way,then you can find and discover what's wrong between the other peers and you.you must give enough upload to permit a sort of chain between all peers and this is a sort of logical algoritm that will permit a right and fair torrent.
And again,despite you might be freezed when trying to download a torrent,don't insist like a moron,cause in the same time,you can freeze as well such partialy or completely the up of the seeder(s)
Torrent is not only a simple fact of downloading for you so,it's a chain between all peers.never forget it !
Anyway,i don't try to judge few of you,it's just a fair constat of the situation.
I try to learn and help few of you who get regulary few recurent problems on torrent,cause i seed hard and sick and i see what you are trying to do or having try to...when you change of status,i see it ! when you are persisting despite no way,i see it also.Therefore my eyes are on you just to help and not to judge...
for the end,if you have a too slow connection,i suggest you to avoid torrenting by far.In certains cases,few ISP might disallowed you on torrent also.suggest you to verify and or check it...to be sure so.
Ty for understanding

best regards

PS : i will make a special pack for people having regulary too much problems on torrent in hope this will help few of you such a little bit more... 

cu around...