MIP- 2755-2756-2830-2831-2865-2866-2867-2868-2886-2925


CEO of pain, Jasmine Byrne, doesn't need another asshole in advertising - she's looking for a boy toy with a hard cock at her mercy. This job interview quickly turns into a lesson of worship as nathaneil learns how to obey the boss. Ever sexy Jasmine spares him little as she works him into a panting mess of willing man meat before fucking his ass. Yes, Miss Jasmine, oh yes, Miss Jasmine


Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2755


daniel goes to a clinic in the slums of town to have his erectile disfunction treated. When asked for payment he says he has no insurance and can't pay. Nurse Jasmine has had a long day and is tired of losers like him so she strips him down, ties him up and electrifies some life into his cock. Seeing the pain on daniel's face makes her pussy wet and she masturbates while shocking the piercing in his dick. This is what her get's her off, seeing a man with a hard-on in pain!


Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2756


jason takes on the Janay challenge in this hard core update! Janay expects a lot from her submissive, not just a high pain tolerance but an obedience that she rarely finds. jason's lucky, she even brought a little whore along to suck his cock but when he can't cum for her she bends him over and orders the whore to stick a big dildo in his ass. He clearly didn't stretch it before the scene and screams as he is fucked. At the end of it Janay makes jason apologize for being so pathetic and vows to never play with him again.


Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2830


Lookout - Janay is back and wastes no time getting down to business in the executive office of men in pain. Her slaps are vicious, her crop cruel, and her gimp girl hot. "I just got to get a couple of whacks on this ass." She says as her slave reluctantly bends over. This update will have you backing away from the screen and begging for mercy. 



Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2831



The boys are slowly learning that "r and r" for this vacation stands for "rope" and "ramming in the ass". A morning foot worship leads to a dip in the pool as Mika and Jasmine dunk them using their bondage harnesses as handles. Jasmine fucks daniel while her husband pointlessly struggles in his spread eagle tie with Mika pulling on his nipples and making his bound balls dance around. Then it's time for an anal show down as the women pound the boys in the ass, shove cocks down their throats and flog their exposed flesh. Hope you packed a lunch for this update.


Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2865


"Payback Week Part Five" starts off with Xana who seduces and fucks the gardener in front of her latex bound husband. daniel is made to watch his wife enjoy a rock hard cock, and loud panting orgasms. But the gardener proves he is just the same kind of pig as every other man on this vacation - alas a woman's work is never done. Xana rids the bed of the gardener to ass pound Daniel before commanding him to come. 


Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2866



The morning light fills the room; a gentle wrap on the door awakens our sweet Jasmine. Her soft feet patter on the carpet to the door where she discovers the special delivery - a box of bondage gear. She is still shy and hesitant to discipline her man like her other girlfriends have shown her so she decides to take a steaming shower first. But when she's interrupted by mini wanking to her wet, soapy, body, the flogger quickly takes the place of her inhibitions. A sensual blow job has mini screaming through his gag and just when he thinks the ropes are coming off and it's bacon and eggs for breakfast, Jasmine leads her little slave outside to crawl around like a dog in the grass before fucking his ass so hard his squeals still echo through the forest. This is part three of "Payback Week" and it just keeps getting hotter for the girls and harder for the boys. Enjoy!



Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2867



Picture it - serene rolling hills, birds singing, a babbling brook trickling downstream, somewhere in the distance a whip cracks, rope tightens, men whimper. These are the delicious sounds of men in pain on vacation! After meticulous planning, Mika, and her hottie girlfriends, Xana and Jasmine stick it to their men, whipping them into shape. In Part one of movie, Mika gags her man with her pantyhose, clamps his nipples and ties his balls so tightly that he writhes in pain while she jerks his cock. Mika unleashes like only she can finishing Mitch with an ass pounding. This sizzling update is only the beginning of "Payback Week".



Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2868



Mistress Cherokee slaps and knees her slave into submission by working his cock over with a flogger, hanging weights from his balls that she later rips off with her feet. This tough cbt has him up on his tippy toes in pain and barely warmed up for the suspended ass fucking. Still not satisfied, Cherokee finishes him off with a dildo gag. Happy July 4th.



Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2886



Mistress Harmony straps on as the unconventional therapist to cure her client of his smoking fetish. A spanking, electric shocking, fucking and ass pounding brings home the diagnosis that he'll need another treatment. 



Screens  http://www.meninpain.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=2925



Cheerz  :-)