In Dungeon Siege III: Treasures of the Sun, players will extend their journey and travel beyond the borders of Ehb to an all-new environment: Å°Å°Å°
the Aranoi Desert. On their search for a lost Legion hero, players will 
fight through hordes of new villains only to find a forgotten abbey     
 hiding a long-lost secret: the greatest treasure of the Azunite faith.  

                                                                       Features:                                                                                                                                        
New abilities: Players will be able to attain mastery of the arcane     
through powerful new attack, defense and healing abilities.             
Level up to 35: Treasures of the Sun will further power up players by  
raising Dungeon Siege III's existing level cap from 30 to 35.                                                                                More monsters and items: Players will encounter new monsters in the     
Aranoi Desertincluding mummies and giant skeletonsand will find more  
powerful items, adding to the thousands already available in Dungeon   
Siege III.                                                              

                                                                        
Reallocate Talent & Proficiency Points: Players can reallocate points  
spent in Proficiencies and Talents, enabling changes to character       customization throughout the campaign.                                                                                                          
New Enchanting System: Transmuting items now gives players chances at   
gaining powerful new Vials that allow them to enhance their weapons and °
armor through the DLC's new enchanting system.                                                                                                   
INSTALL NOTES     
1. Unpack the release                                                   
2. Run Dungeon.Siege.III.Treasures.of.the.Sun.DLC.exe                   
3. Install                                                              
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation      
5. Play the game                                                        
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy! 