Quote:
Baker Street, the center of England's punk movement in a London few would ever know, a life even less would ever see. Where being different is the rule, "ratting" the gambling vice of a city's underground, and death is often around the next corner. Here is where mystery, intrigue, and suspense are more than a game to the residents of post Victorian London, it's a way of life.

Baker Street, the name conjures up many images, mainly of Victorian London and the home of Sherlock Holmes. You won't find Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's sleuths here, just some similarities yet a little bit more. A Sherlockian adventure set in an alternative but present day London. An England where World War II never happened and the Victorian era is resurrected into present day values. All of which only is the backdrop of the mysteries and a setting to clash with London's punk subculture.

Baker Street, a violent intrusion into a world that doesn't exist but possibly could have. It is a story of rebellion yet also one of belonging. It dives deep into a world on the fringe and exposes it's underbelly and treats the normal world as the outside . It is Baker Street and no, you won't find Holmes or Watson here but you will find Harlequin, Sam, Susan, Toby, Toller, the Ripper, and far too many other fascinating characters to list.


This torrent is missing a few issues, if you can scan/point me in the direction of these issues (5, 7, 9. 10 and if possible a scan of 8 that isn't so brown), that would be great. A Caliber Christmas and Caliber Presents #9 stories are both included in Baker Street Graffiti
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker_Street_(comics) 
http://www.readaboutcomics.com/2003/07/10/honour-among-punks-the-complete-baker-street/ 
http://www.garyreed.net/BakerStreet/bakerstreetAbout.htm

Contains:

Baker Street 01 - Honour Among Punks, Act I - The Baskervilles.cbr	15.1 MB	
Baker Street 02 - Honour Among Punks, Act II - Pride and Prejudice.cbr	14.8 MB	
Baker Street 03 - Honour Among Punks, Act III - A Jaded View.cbr	28.9 MB	
Baker Street 04 - Honour Among Punks, Act IV - The Gang's Afoot.cbr	37.5 MB	

Baker Street 06 - Children of the Night, Act I - Sisters.cbr	54.7 MB	
Baker Street 08 - Children of the Night, Act III - London After Midnight.cbr	71.4 MB	

Baker Street Graffiti.cbr	19.4 MB	
Baker Street Sketchbook.cbr	25.2 MB	
Caliber Presents 04 - Honour Among Punks - Overture.cbz	53.2 MB	
Caliber Summer Special 01.cbr	47.0 MB	
Negative Burn #25 - The Empty House.cbr	41.7 MB	