Pan De Sal - 2000 N' Totes Mixtape (2010)


The mixtape, which was also available in a limited pressing on cassettes, features tracks from their LP "Bebegurl" released July 2010. Running 23 minutes in length, the mixtape also includes original skits and songs from PDS members Jeff Madlambayan, Judi Brown, and Sheila Hall, along with two cover songs by New Jersey's indie post punk favorites Saves The Day and Australia's Bumblebeez 81.


Citylife Magazine Las Vegas - Mixtape Review
Pan De Sal - 2000 N' Totes (Self-released)

Sheila Hall, Judi Brown and Jeff Madlambayan have a reputation for experimenting with as many instruments and sounds as they can, and their new 2000 N' Totes mixtape -- to tide over those waiting for Pan De Sal's full-length album -- is no different. Synthesizers and leftist musings dominate the 23-minute indie-electro album, combining the lo-fi dance sound of Le Tigre with the do-goody political voice of Common's Be.

Like older PDS song "The Boom and the Bees," the mixtape is all over the board in regard to its rhythms, tempos and styles. Totes quickly switches from soul to grunge to drony electrofuzz, replicating the poly-emotional experience of its shows. But some of its contrasts are more jarring. Most of the mixtape sounds like the fun-loving pop for which Pan De Sal is best known, the trio often declaring their namesake like a hipper cheer squad. But the affair ends with a manifesto about freedom from government and personal expression, a message that sounds not only extraneous but uncharacteristically preachy.

The tangential end, however, isn't a buzzkill. Totes toys with samples both musical and historical -- from The Fugees' "Doo-Wop" to a Barack Obama sample about immigration reform -- and stays on message, whether it's subtle or from the soapbox. MAX PLENKE Citylife


---------------------
www.pandesalband.com

Pan De Sal formed in the winter of 2006 as an experimental musical collective with anywhere from nine to twelve musicians collaborating at a time. In April 2007, Pan De Sal played its first show as a trio in Reno, NV and has maintained the current lineup since. Pan De Sal is known for their high-energy, interactive performances and political undertones. They have released one EP, The Bread is Rising (2007); a remix EP, The Revisits (2008); a mixtape, 2000 n'Totes (2010); and one full-length, Bebegurl (2010). 
