 http://bayimg.com/baeBhaadl

The Life and Death of a Porno Gang (2009) 

Zivot i smrt porno bande (original title) 

Serbian language with English subtitles
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1388427/

  Mihajlo Jovanovic  ...  Marko  
  Ana Acimovic  ...  Una  
  Predrag Damnjanovic  ...  Vanja  
  Radivoj Knezevic  ...  Johnny  
  Srdjan Jovanovic  ...  Maks  
  Ivan Djordjevic  ...  Ceca  
  Bojan Zogovic  ...  Dragan  
  Natasa Miljus  ...  Sofija  
  Aleksandar Gligoric  ...  Rade  
  Mariana Arandjelovic  ...  Darinka  
  Srdjan Miletic  ...  Cane  


Timeline: late 1990s, Serbia. Young Marko lives for cinema and is desperate to make a feature film. Fresh ideas are in no shortage, but financing in post-Milosevic Serbia is next to impossible to secure. In desperation to shoot anything interesting, he ventures into the universe of porn, where financing is a breeze and profits are all but guaranteed. He assembles a colourful band of outcasts and proceeds to shoot porn as a vessel of rage against a culture that won’t let him make the movies he wants to make. Eventually, he takes things one step further, abandoning his shoots in order to assemble a travelling “porno cabaret” which goes from village to village across rural Serbia, performing live sex acts in radical framings as a means of sexual confrontation. This leads to… a lot of trouble with the locals! But trouble is just an appetizer, and things really begin to explode when Marko and his troupe are approached by a shady foreign journalist who makes them an offer they struggle against refusing—a ton of money in exchange for shooting actual murders, theatrically “performed” on willing, consensual victims who no longer care about living.

A razor-sharp and often perversely comic metaphor about the social pathologies of Serbian life in the 1990s, PORNO GANG is, on the surface, precisely the sort of work you might expect to encounter from a filmmaker who cites modern Japanese cinema, American horror, John Waters and Paul Morrissey as his influences, fused with aesthetics of the Serbian Black Wave. Scratch a little deeper and you’ll find a fiercely intelligent, wholly unique blast of ultra-explicit assault art. This is a film bursting with outrageous characters and shocking situations, yet there’s an incredible sense of loss and anger attached to it, oozing forth from the deepest of wounds. A different kind of road movie, it’s the place where MAN BITES DOG crosses paths with CAFÉ FLESH, EASY RIDER and PINK FLAMINGOS on a candy-coloured suicide bus to hell. With this film, writer/director Mladen Djordjevic joins ranks with Gaspar Noé, Sion Sono, Lars Von Trier and Takashi Miike as one of the most daring and provocative filmmakers working today. PORNO GANG is a perfect introduction to the scorching new wave of transgressive Serbian cinema, one that will make you laugh, cringe and cry tears of blood. Absolutely for adults only!

The Life and Death of a Porno Gang is not a numbing, continuous litany of misery. No, it is in some ways both more balanced and far crueler than that. There's humor to it, especially in the first half, such as when we see Marko daydreaming about the porn epic he would like to create, and love, both new and lasting. The group's painted van encourages us to see them as latter-day hippies espousing free love, and the characters don't spend a lot of time pontificating on the source of their harsh circumstances or talking politics; they just get from one day to the next as best they can. The horror comes in violent, concentrated jolts as explicit as the sex, that each leave a deeper sense of sorrow and despair behind, a sucking morass from which there may be no escape.

Writer/director Mladen Djordjevic doesn't just rely on shock value and the inherent gravity of the situation, though. Though his film has some problems - there are too many characters, and the story spins its wheels for a bit before springing its first big shock on the audience - he and his crew make the most of a small budget. Though we're initially brought into the film by the device of it being Marko's video diary, it clearly isn't all diary footage; there's scenes where we see his camera and others where the film cuts between multiple angles. Djordjevic eases us out of this slowly, though, and even though the entire film has that sort of documentary aesthetic - it is all shot on hand-held cameras using available light - the fact that we can see subtle differences in the video diary footage and the rest is a tribute to the fine work of cinematographer Nemanj Jovanov. It's a well-produced and directed film, and while it often looks shabby, it never feels cheap or inauthentic.

The cast is generally excellent as well. Mihajlo Jovanovic, though clearly the star, does not attempt to outshine the ensemble. Instead, his note-perfect portrayal of Markus - which tilts flawlessly between idealism, pragmatism, and resignation - is just one of many fine performances. Next in line is Ana Jovanavic, who follows a similar path but winds up with a more persistent conscience. Unfortunately, I can't match all the actors' names to their characters, so while I can tell you that Aleksandar Gligoric and Mariana Arandjelovic are nicely understated as the married addicts who leave their children behind to travel with the cabaret, I can't say who plays the distributor of the snuff films, monstrously uncaring even for this environment. Or the soldier who confesses his sins in a haunting monologue.

"Haunting" is the word for much of "The Life and Death of a Porno Gang". It may not start with despair, but presents plenty by the time it is through, easing up on the explicit sex and violence only just enough to make us care about the characters as individuals.


