 http://bayimg.com/eabIKAAdM

S.O.B. (1981) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083015/

S.O.B. is a 1981 American film written and directed by Blake Edwards starring Richard Mulligan and Julie Andrews. Also appearing are Robert Preston, Robert Vaughn, Larry Hagman, Shelley Winters, Loretta Swit, Robert Webber and William Holden (in his last performance).

  Julie Andrews  ...  Sally Miles  
  William Holden  ...  Tim Culley  
  Marisa Berenson  ...  Mavis  
  Larry Hagman  ...  Dick Benson  
  Robert Loggia  ...  Herb Maskowitz  
  Stuart Margolin  ...  Gary Murdock  
  Richard Mulligan  ...  Felix Farmer  
  Robert Preston  ...  Dr. Irving Finegarten  
  Craig Stevens  ...  Willard  
  Loretta Swit  ...  Polly Reed  
  Robert Vaughn  ...  David Blackman  
  Robert Webber  ...  Ben Coogan  
  Shelley Winters  ...  Eva Brown  
  Jennifer Edwards  ...  Lila  
  Rosanna Arquette  ...  Babs  

S.O.B." (in the film) stands for "Standard Operational Bullshit" and refers to misinformation being the norm. The acronym also means "sexually oriented business" (if pertaining to strip clubs) and more generally "son of a bitch" (a ruthless person).

A Spanish dub of the film keeps the acronym S.O.B., claiming that it stands for "Sois hOnrados Bandidos" (You Are Honest Crooks). Notice that the second word begins with a mute H, not with an O. The Argentine title for the movie was changed to Se acabó el mundo (The World is Ended), having no relation to the original title.

Three years later, when Edwards had his name removed from the writing credits of 1984's City Heat, he was billed under the pseudonym Sam O. Brown. (S.O.B.)

When writing the screenplay Edwards drew upon several of his own experiences. The character of Felix Farmer is a person not unlike Edwards, while actress Sally Miles bears certain similarities to Julie Andrews (who plays her), Edwards' wife in real life.

The story of S.O.B. parallels the experiences of Edwards and Andrews in their infamous, but Academy Award-nominated failure, Darling Lili. Intended to reveal Andrews' heretofore unseen wicked and sexy side, that film had a troubled shoot, went significantly over budget, and was subjected to post-production studio interference.

In S.O.B., Andrews's character agrees (with some pharmaceutical persuasion) to "show her boobies" in a scene in the film-within-the-film. For this scene, comedian Johnny Carson thanked Andrews on his The Tonight Show for "showing us that the hills were still alive,"[cite this quote] alluding to a famous line from The Sound of Music opening sequence.

