S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
King Arthur II: The Role-Playing Wargame (c) Paradox Interactive

27-01-2012........Release Date - Protection.............Nothing
Strategy/RPG.........Game Type - Disk(s)................BLU-RAY

RELEASE NOTES

Critically praised by reviewers and gamers alike, King Arthur was
received one of the biggest surprises to emerge on the gaming scene in
2010. Now the Fantasy/Roleplaying RTS returns in a sequel set to push
the boundaries of the genre even further.

Our story begins long after young Arthur pulled the enchanted sword out
of the stone, united the war-torn land of Britannia, gathered the
Knights of the Round Table and secured peace in Camelot aided by the
might of the Holy Grail. Where legends normally end, King Arthur II
begins on its own gruesome tale.

Features:

Dark fantasy setting. King Arthur is now the Maimed King, trying to
mend a land torn asunder as he strives to heal himself.

Intense boss fights, where the heros forces are pitted against unique
and terrifying foes.

Lose yourself in a stunning story that unfolds over a huge 3D campaign
map featuring knightly quests and other special events

Wide range of camera control options, revised animations and an
extensive tutorial creating a more accessible and visually stunning
experience

Experience huge real-time battles featuring thousands of soldiers and
flying fantasy monsters

Battle enemies which employ unique war tactics and cast fantastic
spells

Your choices will unlock special content, spells and units with plenty
of new and unique possibilities with every choice

Lead major heroes who possess extraordinary powers

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This is not the same release, as some hoodlums released earlier today.

What these hoodlums released today, is the free standalone DLC, that
have been out for quite some time, for those that preordered the game.

This release is the "real" true game, as the size of the release proves
(yes, we did use a proper rar compression)