The Eloquence of the Heart
    Even in our sleep, pain which cannot forget
    falls drop by drop upon the heart,
    until, in our own despair,
    against our will,
    comes wisdom
    through the awful grace of God.


I saw Bobby Kennedy Jr in Tulsa at TCC years ago with my father.

That Bobby Kennedy Sr had the words he had that night in April, for Dr. King and our country is a testament to the soul of Bobby Kennedy.


I saw Bobby Kennedy Jr with my father and I will always hold that dear. Because that IS the polarity of my father.

I do not doubt what my father did to me, at all. And in these words I have to come to realize why I once doubted or questioned how I felt about him....it is that polarization that is part of him...of how incredibly good he was in so many was...and that something inside him was so vile that he apparently could not control it in him.

No man would chose to molest their three year old son, and then in seeing first hand the Hell they have imposed on their children return that in their Grand Children. It is not possible in anyone...in anyone who has not lost God in someway.

And no one wakes up and chooses to lose God. No one in his right mind would leave God and chose evil. And God deserts no one.

My father must have been hurt himself by someone at an age where he simply did not have the choice of making that decision. It is the only explanation that I can figure in anyone.

No one who is able to chose could do what he has..it is beyond choosing...to anyone - unless it became apart of him at such a very young age, before he could acquire that adult in himself to reach out for help.

It is what happened to my brother, and why my brother who could not kill himself in that pain...chose instead each night to kill me.

It was never a choice for anyone involved in this.

And God forgives everyone. Everyone. And the forgiveness is a measure of God...not us.

My father is very ill again, his platelets have dropped dangerously low again. I hold nothing against anyone for this.

I have been filled with hatred for sometime now, but not so much from what happened.
But from what they have chosen to do now. I do not blame my brother for what he did as a child.
But I have and always will have hatred for what he has done a an adult, in me and others he has hurt, in refusing to face it and reach out for them. I want nothing from him. Of all of them, It is my brother I will never see again, and in Heaven, God will grant my one wish in these things.

I would never wish anyone to Hell for an eternity of suffering, I have been through that as a young child. And at seven and for so many years later, knowing it would never end, in my unanswered screams it doesn\'t just seem like and eternity it is. As moments go on to last forever.

And it is a measure of what God\'s nature is that in His presence even the most vile of us, in understanding the scope of what God is, are redeemed in him.

 It is not a failure to provide Holy Punishment. In God there will be no need or place for Hell. His reality and His existence someday will be so intense when revealed that Evil will just stop existing in acknowledging His Truth.
And there will be no place in his Existence for Hell. And that is the beauty of God. He doesn\'t require Hell.

But in Heaven I hope I never have any knowledge that anyone in my family is there ever.
In what they continue to do in hopes of keeping this silent to protect themselves and let so many in the silence suffer.

And in closing this up. It very much is that polarization in my father\'s personality that has confused me in these things for so very long.

I simply have two very strong emotions about him. And both are accurate.
He had such potential in life and he did so many great things for others, and he did. And he believe honestly believed in the values that I still believe: in the potential Goodness and Responsibility of Men.

And yet the contrast is too deep to be reconciled for so long in being able to fathom, those good qualities for the evil he did do.

What I have of memories of what he did, are memories without the horrid emotions attached...and without enough of the video that plays somewhere in my head. And without that stamp of validity to me...it allows these to linger sorta unconfirmed in me in a state of limbo...which is the only way I can deal with them.
And yet they are true. And in my friends and such, I am the only one who shows occasional doubt.
Otherwise it would tear me apart in the Certainty.

And yet they are just too real. Like seeing what has suddenly become too real when saving your best friend\'s life - was no longer an option.

These things are too real sometime to me. I know with no doubt he owned IAL and worked in the missile and Space Programs.

And I have been struggling with how to clean up this crap I have thrown out here tonight.

I want to reorganize it here for myself. And then let it go. If I can finally.

And this Post is just for me to reconcile, why no one responded, ever.

I wrote my first attempt at a short story titled the Book of Orphans...It was a play off of the Book of...hmmm. All the angels in it were nude. It was a  reference to the Shakespeare\'s Tempest.

Sir Robert Gulgood? Was the main actor. And in that movie so long ago I suddenly realized in all the naked people walking back and forth how really unattractive the Body could be sometimes...

It was weird a movie...Prosperous Books...got it.

And there is a section in the movie Gulgood is casting the pages of books into Eternity.

And cast them away citing the names of the Books. The Book of Orpheous? I am unsure...but that is where I drew from on the Book of Orphans.

Thanks to my bad hearing.

And it is a reference to many things, Ted being adopted and his hatred for others, And the image of Bobby Kennedy\'s wife Ethel.

Violence and Temper.
...something about traces across the sky
And do you remember me?

We learn think in days. and something about time being the waves in an Ocean.

I have no doubt in my mind. We lived in Spokane Washington. My father gave parties for Jackson, in letters I have.
Jackson was to come to our neighbors friends birthday Party for Gov Hall in 74 but had to land in St Louis and return for impeachment proceedings against Nixon for firing Cox.

I now these things now are 100% true, and very unusual. But true.

And as unusual what I will summarize here and delete the disjointed posts earlier.

We went to LA around June 3rd in 1968 to go to Disneyland and Catalina and the convention.

It was our first airplane ride as kids. My brother fell asleep. I got to have 7 up on the plane. I was told by my mom not to tell my brother that he had missed 7 up. So when he woke I told. I was never one to keep a secret.

We went to Disney Land and maybe...the orchards out there, something farm at the time.

And Catalina. I used to wear a bikini bathing suit at about two years old that read Vim and Vigor on the back.

I have poictures of just a few things in Disney of the Matador and such a pirate ship and such.

I have always felt that I met Bobby through my father\'s friendship with Jackson. I am totally unsure. But I have always, always felt it, strongly, it just sounded to weird to discuss.

We would have met him somewhere before the convention the next day or that night.

My line in my poem is...Someone who would take away the eyes of Bobby Kennedy.

I did not see it on TV as I once thought.

I was watching his speech in the Hall.

I may have been left at some moment, my mother was in her hotel room.

I remember the balloons and when I heard the gunshots. I thought they were balloons exploding.
I remember a woman begging for a doctor, and asking the crowd to ...not to leave ..but something...and people walking around in disbelief.

Greer did place something behind Bobby\'s head at some point.

On the Wiki Dictionary it says it was Wens at 12:10 AM on June 5th, 1968.

George Plimpton and Greer were in the kitchen. There was a lot of confusion on how to get Bobby out.

And there was concern later whether the LA police may have led him to Saran Saran.

Greer and a few others fought to get the gun from Saran Saran jamming his hand against a table.
And I confuse somethings there with of all things an attempt on Ford by maybe Squiky.

Or maybe The Gov in Mississippi.


 But it was my knowledge that someone in one of these incidents punctured his thumb and hand in an attempt to block the hammer on the gun and they were attempting to break the gun man\'s thumb to release the gun.

To many memories and too much doubt. But it was that detail in that that once concerned a therapist of mine 14 years ago.


And I would have gone to my mothers room and told her that Kennedy had been killed, and she would have responded to me in confusion that that happened a long time ago.

And I then told here that I meant Bobby.

This has drained me now...I will clean up the other posts. If no one listens if TPB is still down...it is irrelevant.

I know in myself now to trust my memories no matter how fragile.

And it irrelevant what the world choses to do. 