Though it was many years ago that Simon & Schuster Interactive published the first computer game that carried the official Star Trek license, the bulk of the company's software based on the various Star Trek shows and movies has focused mainly on delivering in-depth information - technical manuals, encyclopedias, episode guides, and so on. In fact, throughout the '90s, the company produced only two Star Trek games - both of which were tedious interactive movies that had lots of QuickTime video clips but not much actual gameplay. Thankfully, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: The Fallen is very different from its predecessors. It could have used more polish in some areas, and it sometimes relies too heavily on very straightforward play elements. But its outstanding production values, good story, engaging environments, and dozens of hours of gameplay prove that its shortcomings can be easily overlooked. 
Your very first session with The Fallen will reveal one of its most interesting features: You can play as either Worf, Captain Sisko, or Major Kira. Each character has different standard-issue weapons, which is a subtle method for setting the game's difficulty level. Sisko and Kira both carry phasers that never run out of power (though they do have to recharge when they fire repeatedly or for prolonged periods), while Worf is stuck with a Bat'leth. It's a nice-looking blade, but it forces you to get up close and personal when you run out of ammo for other ranged weapons such as various high-tech rifles (phaser, disruptor, and pulse), plasma throwers, and grenade launchers. Another advantage that the handheld phasers provide is that they can be modulated, thus letting you fire through force fields as well as take down certain enemies without using up the ammo of more-powerful weapons. The Worf missions are structured so that there's no need to fire through force fields, but the absence of a rechargeable weapon demands that you put a premium on conserving ammo and contriving alternate methods of killing your foes. 
Choosing your character also determines mission objectives and how the story is revealed. If you play as Sisko or Worf, your first mission revolves around the discovery of a damaged Bajoran ship and the arrival of a biomechanical race of space pirates called the Grigari. Worf fights off the Grigari's assault while Sisko beams to the Bajoran ship to rescue survivors. As Kira, the game begins with a trip to Bajor to visit Obanak Keelen, who was an operative in the Bajoran resistance during the Cardassian occupation. A Bajoran monk, Keelen worships the Pah-wraiths - the "True Prophets" - and believes the legendary red orbs of the Pah-wraiths can somehow bring the deities back to Bajor to usher in a new era of peace. As the game progresses, you soon learn that Keelen isn't the only person interested in these orbs: Everyone from the Federation to the Cardassians to the fearsome Jem'Haddar has a reason to track down the orbs. 
It's only during the first mission that the three characters are in unique locations. After that, each character's mission takes place in the same general area, with the only differences being the objectives and the actual path you must take to reach them. This isn't a drawback, because the eight environments in the game offer enough visual variety to keep things interesting, and several of them are extremely large. And since the game ships with an editor that lets players create all-new adventures, The Fallen has a good deal of replay value - which is fortunate, since there's no multiplayer mode available in the game.

Gamespot review.

1) Extract with winrar; output size is 750mb.

2) Mount or burn the MDS file.

3) No need for cracking the game, just leave the MDS file mounted, or keep the burnt disc in drive.

4) Set up Xpadder, (Optional) & load the, "STAR TREK-The Fallen" profile (If your using a gamepad)

5) Play & enjoy.