And here you go, a collection of all the scanned Lucky Luke from Cinebook so far. And before you ask, Lucky Luke 4 have not been scanned yet :)

So far, Cinebook have released 28 Lucky Luke books, so if you like this, remember ot buy them all, theyre fairly cheap, and can be gotten from any well stocked online bookseller.

For a change, its not my own scans, and I hope the rest will be scanned, but I dont plan to do so. So it will not help to ask me to scan the rest :)

Lucky Luke 01 - Billy the Kid
Lucky Luke is a one-hundred-percent real hero of the Old West. He is squarely on the side of the law and dedicates his life to seeing that justice is done. He travels around delivering it wherever he goes, accompanied by his faithful companion, Jolly Jumper.
Arriving at Fort Weakling, he changes into a formidable bandit. Why?
Does his meeting with Billy the Kid, a living legend of the Old West, influence him?


Lucky Luke 02 - Ghost Town
As he roams with his horse Jolly Jumper, always seeking new adventures, Lucky Luke meets two suspicious characters, Denver Miles and Colorado Bill. Together they arrive on the outskirts of a deserted city, Gold Hill, which counts only one inhabitant. The old man, Powell, is the sole survivor of a gold rush that he has not given up on, despite years without success. He continues to work his mine, which Denver and Colorado soon try to take over any way they can. But Lucky Luke, who has taken a liking to the old man, is looking out for him and will save him from many troubles...


Lucky Luke 03 - Dalton City
In this new volume, Lucky Luke has to clean out a whole city, Fenton Town, so named because, after being abandoned by the pioneers who founded it, it has been taken over by Dean Fenton, a desperado of the worst sort... Fenton Town has become the most depraved city in all of Texas. Lucky Luke makes a short visit to town—just the time needed to put Fenton in prison and chase out the remaining rabble.
But soon the Dalton Brothers take up the torch, and, following Fentons ideas, create Dalton City, exclusively reserved for gangsters!!! They even capture Lucky Luke and force him to help them.


Lucky Luke 05 - In the Shadow of the Derricks
Titusville, August 27, 1859. Colonel Drake discovers a deposit of oil—black gold! Immediately, the Oil Rush is on. The mayor of Titusville calls on Lucky Luke to help maintain order. When Lucky Luke arrives, everyone—from the sheriff to the undertaker—is drilling. As soon as a well is opened, the fight begins. In comes Barry Blunt, a rich prospector who buys up, one by one, all the oil shafts from their owners. But his more-than-suspicious methods draw the wrath of Lucky Luke.


Lucky Luke 06 - Ma Dalton
Lucky Luke makes the acquaintance of Ma Dalton at Cactus Junction, and he quickly realizes that the saying, like mother, like sonm, has never been so true! Ma is regarded as an eccentric and amusing old lady. For example, she holds up the shopkeepers as she does her shopping. But everything changes when her sons escape from prison and Joe Dalton passes himself off as his mother and starts holding up banks in the area. Lucky Luke, always on the watch, follows the trail of the Dalton family, thanks to Rin Tin Can.


Lucky Luke 07 - Barbed Wire on the Prairie
Felps decides to plant lettuce on his property. But rancher Cass Caseys herds regularly ransack Felps land. Furious, he hires Lucky Luke for protection from Casey. Felps wants to surround his property with barbed wire, which in the Old West is regarded as a provocation. And so, war is declared between the ranchers and the farmers. Lucky Luke will need all his skills as a mediator to reconcile everybody!


Lucky Luke 08 - Calamity Jane
Calamity Jane saves Lucky Luke from a delicate situation. A friendship is quickly formed, and they arrive together in El Plomo... where Calamity Jane proves by her manners and her strength that shes not a weak woman. She acquires the local saloon by winning an arm-wrestling match! Its ex-owner, August Oyster, is hopping mad and has only one obsession, to send her packing. During this time, Lucky Luke tries to clear up a dark affair involving arms traffic.


Lucky Luke 09 - The Wagon Train
A wagon train of Pioneers drives through Nothing Gulch en route to California. Its ill-tempered driver is sent away by the passengers and Lucky Luke is asked to step in and replace him. He accepts, amused by this fun group. When the wagon train moves off again, the trouble begins, a mystery vandal keeps trying to sabotage the expedition. But Lucky Luke needs a lot more than that to make him turn back!


Lucky Luke 10 - Tortillas for the Daltons
Just as the infamous Daltons are being transferred to a Mexican prison, robbers attack the van and kidnap the Daltons without realising it. Disappointed with their booty, they decide to hang the four brothers. In order to save their lives, brother Joe offers to share all his knowledge of organised crime with the leader of the bandits, Don Emilio. Meanwhile, the governor sends Lucky Luke to their rescue.


Lucky Luke 11 - Western Circus
Mulligans Western circus—his troop, lion and elephant—arrive in town under the escort of Lucky Luke. Zilch, a rich businessman and organizer of the annual grand rodeo, thinks the circus is going to compete with his business and does everything to prevent it from putting on a show. He even engages killer-for-hire Rattlesnake Joe, but in the end his attempts will provide unexpected publicity for the circus. On with the show!


Lucky Luke 12 - The Rivals of Painful Gulch
Two rival families live in Painful Gulch, the OTimmins clan, who have big noses, and the OHaras, who have big ears. Theyve been fighting for decades and dont even know why anymore. Lucky Luke is appointed mayor in order to bring peace back to the town. But the men and their thick-headed sense of honour will wreck all of Lucky Lukes plans for reconciliation. Our hero must find a solution!