Stream 0
Type: Video
Codec: MPEG-4 Video (XviD)
Resolution: 640x272
Frame rate: 29.97
Stream: 1

Type:Audio
Codec:A52 Audio (aka AC3) (a52)
Channels: 3F2R/LFE
Sample rate:48000Hz
Bitrate:448 kb/s
Language: Malayalam

Stream 2

Type: Subtitle
Codec: DVD Subtitles (spu)
Language: English 


Pilgrimage (1999)
 
Vaanaprastham (original title)

119 min  -  Drama   -  13 October 1999 (France)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0202055/ 
Rating:  6.9/10  

Director: Shaji N. Karun

Writers: Pierre Assouline (story), Shaji N. Karun (screenplay), and 2 more credits 

Stars: Suhasini, Mohanlal and Mattanoor Shankara Marar


The story revolves around a male Kathakali dancer Kunhikuttan (Mohanlal), an admirable and respected performer but a member of a lower caste. He struggles to come to terms with the rejection and estrangement of his father, a member of an upper caste who disapproves of his son. Poor, unhappy, and stuck in an arranged marriage that provides no relief, he gets by for the sake of his daughter. One night, whilst performing as Arjuna from the epic Mahabarata on stage, his dance is witnessed by Subhadra (Suhasini), a well educated member of an upper caste family. Defying the norms of India's rigid caste system, they have a son, but it soon becomes clear that Subhadra loves the character Arjuna from his stage performances, and not Kunhikuttan the dancer. More in love with the valiant, noble hero of the Mahabarata, than the dancer Kunhikuttan, she rejects him and refuses to let him see his son. Denied access to his son, and rejected by his father, Kunhikuttan returns to the stage, leaving behind his hero roles to play demonic characters, reaching within the dark corners of his mind, becoming increasingly resentful and full of anger, until one last dance which brings the feature to a stunning end.

Awards
-------
1999 Cannes Film Festival (France)
His film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.[1]
The film has been nominated for the following awards since its release:
1999 AFI Fest (USA)
Nominated - Grand Jury Prize - Shaji N. Karun
The film has won the following awards since its release:
2000 Istanbul International Film Festival (Turkey)
Won - Special Prize of the Jury - Shaji N. Karun
2000 Bombay International Film Festival (India)
Won - FIPRESCI Prize - Shaji N. Karun
2000 National Film Awards (India)
Won - Golden Lotus Award - National Film Award for Best Film
Won - Silver Lotus Award - National Film Award for Best Actor - Mohanlal
Won - Silver Lotus Award - National Film Award for Best Editing - A. Sreekar Prasad, Joseph Guinvarch
2000 Kerala State Film Awards
Won - Best Actor - Mohanlal
Won - Best Director - Shaji N. Karun
Won - Best Editor - A. Sreekar Prasad, Joseph Guinvarch
Won - Best Sound Recordist - Lakshmy Narayana, Bruno Tareere
Won - Best Processing Lab - Prasad Colour Lab
Won - Best Make-up Artist - M.O. Devasya, Saleem
1999 Filmfare Award
Won - Best Actor - Mohanlal
Other Awards
Won - Mathrubhumi Film Awards - Best Actor - Mohanlal
Won - Film Critics Award - Best Actor - Mohanlal
