The John Punch Band is an eclectic, acoustic trio of musicians based in the Ottawa Valley.  
The dynamic nature of this musical group is a direct result of the wildly diverse backgrounds of the three artists that comprise The John Punch Band. 
Dylan Roberts, the percussionist, was raised in the small town of Chesterville, Ontario, and studied jazz at Carleton University where he developed an additional interest in world music and music instruction.  
Chris Bradley, the double bassist, studied classical music at McGill University where he was heavily influenced by urban hip-hop and soul music.  
The lead vocalist and acoustic guitar player, Cory Thibodeau, was born and raised in Newfoundland and rural Ontario before settling outside of Ottawa.  
As a self-taught musician, the fresh authenticity and unorthodox approach of Cory’s music appealed to both Chris and Dylan.  A successful blend of urban and rural cultures, university-trained and self-taught musicianship, and various levels of performance experience shape the sound of The John Punch Band.




What some folks are saying,

\"Strong and understated songwriting, with subtleties suggesting Bon Iver
and Rural Alberta Advantage. There\'s a hint of new gospel influence and
strong echoes of 90\'s radio-friendly folk\"-  NOW Magazine


\"Fences Have Been Planted, Thorns Have Been Built is a compelling five-track EP that reads like a tacit promise of a follow-up full-length album worth waiting for.\"- exclaim.ca 


“Simply put, it\'s an excellent debut. Thibodeau and his bandmates have put together five extremely well-crafted folk tunes that, as others have noted, are sure to garner the band significant attention from the usual suspects...but also from beyond those communities, if there\'s any justice. The band is extremely tight-sounding, while the presence of an upright bass gives songs like \"One Design of Teeth\" and \"Tippin\' Boats\" the hint of a jazzy swing”- iheartmusic.net


“When this Ottawa three-piece kicks off their debut EP with the country rock, road trip ready Tipping Boats, you can’t help but be won over”- herohill.com


The John Punch Band will be heading back to the Church where they recorded their 2009 E.P to start recording their first full lenght in September of 2011.


 
http://www.thejohnpunchband.com/


