- 
http://www.Speed.Cd                            and don't forget to visit  Us


Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

 ............ NFO .............
-        
       
                                                                
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                         
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                        
                                     
                                             
                                           
                                         
                                           
                                          
                                
                              
                               
                                
                                
                            
                          
                                  
                                 
                                  
                             
                    
                      
                                                
                                 
                            
                           
                                      
                              
                                  
                           
                          
                             
                                    
                          
                            
                       
                             
                                 
                                  
                                                          
                                   
                                
                       ZNi'02              
                                         
                                         
                                                   
                                    
                              
                             
                                               
        
    
                                                          
               .  . ..: SciFiManiacs :.. .  .              
                                                            
   Bringing you the best from the world of SciFi and more!  
                                                            
                                                
         . ..: RELEASE iNFORMATiON :.. .   

      
                                                             
               Series : Origins of Us                         
              Episode : S01E01 (1/3)                           
                Title : Bones                                 
                Genre : Documentary/Science                  
             iMDB URL : n/a                                   
             Air Date : October 17th 2011                      
         DVD Rel Date : n/a                                   
         SFM Rel Date : October 19th 2011                    
            Ripped By : SFM                                   
       Source/Channel : BBC HD (UK)                            
         Video Format : x264 (in matroska container)          
     Video Resolution : 1280x720 (25 fps)                    
        Video Bitrate : CRF @20 --preset slow                 
        Audio Bitrate : AC3 2.0 @ 192 kb/s                     
          Sample Rate : 48 kHz                                
               Length : 59 MiN 00 SEC                        
                 Size : 1.77 GB (1,906,528,566 bytes)         
              MD5 Sum : b54e77f0ca7d0087bfae1a14965f74b2       
                Packs : 39 x 50MB                             
            Subtitles : English                              
      

      
               .  . ..: EPiSODE SUMMARY :.. .  .             
                                                              
    In the first episode Dr Alice Roberts looks at how our     
    skeleton reveals our incredible evolutionary journey.     
                                                             
    Trekking through the forests of our ancient ancestors,    
    she goes to meet the apes who still live there today -     
    chimpanzees. In six million years we have become very     
    different, and what kick-started this can be found in    
    an extraordinary fossil - Sahelanthropus. A single hole   
    where the spine was attached suggests that our             
    ancestors started the journey to being human by           
    standing upright. We take it for granted, but standing   
    up and walking is surprisingly complex - each step        
    involves the co-ordination of over 200 muscles.            
                                                              
    Charting the major advances from Australopithecus to     
    Homo erectus and beyond, Alice tells the epic story of    
    human evolution through our body today. New research       
    has uncovered clues in our ankles, waists and necks       
    that show how our ancestors were forced to survive on    
    the open plain - by walking and running for their lives   
    From the neck down we have inherited the body of our       
    ancestor Homo erectus, who lived on the plains of         
    Africa nearly two million years ago. Alice goes to meet  
    Professor Dan Lieberman at Harvard, who puts her body     
    to the test - wiring her up to show the action of her      
    waist and neck to demonstrate how our entire bodies are   
    designed for one thing, long distance running.           
                                                              
    Finally Alice looks at probably the most important         
    advance in our evolutionary story. A fortuitous           
    by-product of standing up was freeing up our hands.      
    With pressure sensitive gloves she demonstrates how the   
    tiniest of anatomical tweaks to our thumbs and little      
    fingers transformed hands that evolved to grasp           
    branches into ones that could use tools. And with our    
    dexterous hands, our species, Homo sapiens, would         
    change the world.                                          
                                                              
                                                                
      

      
            .  . ..: RiPPER/RELEASE NOTES :.. .  .           
                                                              
           http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p00jjjw4            
                                                              
                                                             
                                                              
                                                               
                                                              
                                                             
      

                                             
                  ..: GROUP NEWS/CONTACT :..  
                                                           
                                                      
       SFM is dedicated to bringing you high quality     
      TVRips and DVDRips of popular series and movies for   
                     your viewing pleasure!                 
                                                           
       We are currently looking for:                       
       - 100+ Mbit EU dump site for exclusive SFM usage   
       - HDTV/PDTV cappers                                
       - Crates & Kegs of Beer (full of course)          
                                                         
                  .  . ..: GREETZ :.. .  .