Rock Musical DVD 2008. Written by Günter Werno und Stephan Lill and Johannes Reitmeier. Music performed by Vanden Plas. Daniel the Prophet played by Andy Kuntz (Vanden Plas, Abydos). Recorded live at Pfalztheater Kaiserslautern, Germany, February 23, 2008.


Quote:
A rock opera, sung entirely in Latin and based on an episode of the Old Testament, is the concept of Ludus Danielis. At the beginning of this project out of the ordinary, Johannes Reitmeier, Director of the Pfalztheater Kaiserslautern, the birthplace of the progressive metal band Vanden Plas. For if the name of the German combo appears nowhere on the cover (probably not to frighten the typical person), it is the band Andy Kuntz who is here at work.

The inspired theater director, therefore, had the great idea to entrust the usual composers of the group, keyboardist and guitarist Günter Werno Stefan Lill, the task of adapting the "Ludus Danielis", literally the "Play of Daniel ". This is a liturgical drama of the twelfth century, whose trace has been preserved thanks to a manuscript written by monks and found in the cathedral of Beauvais, in the Oise. The result is an original opera, mostly rock, metal, sometimes divided into two acts for thirty pieces in all.

Ultimately, it is proving very Ludus Danielis impregnated medieval music, necessarily, with lots of flute and violin. The Vanden Plas influence is present throughout the rock instrumentation (bass, guitar, drums), but remains behind. Because it is primarily a musical and what are the vocal performances that are in the spotlight. Work on voice is gorgeous and a great variety, with no less than eight singers and a whole armada of singers. In the title role of the prophet Daniel, there are of course Andy Kuntz, still dazzling in his art.

We can not talk without fault either. Difficult indeed to maintain the level for almost half past two long and as often with the operas, a number of passages is only of musical relative, rather than being there to provide the narrative thread of the story . But suddenly, Ludus Danielis listen in one go is a bit of performance. The impatient fell back on the excellent "an honorary Tui", "Astra Tenenti", "Solutio Latentium" or "Eleyson".

Tracklist:
01. Ad Honorem Tui
02. Astra Tenenti
03. Afferte Vasa
04. Jubilemus
05. Mane Thechel
06. Prudens Cum Potentia
07. Consilium Reginae
08. Vos Danielem Quarite
09. Vir Propheta Dei
10. Multum Miror
11. Hic Verus Dei Famulus
12. Tu Ne Daniel
13. Solutio Latentium
14. Qui Sic Solvit
15. Tolle Vasa
16. Solvitur
17. Regis Vasa
18. Ecce Rex Darius
19. Audite Principes
20. Ex Regali
21. Celebremus
22. Quia Novi
23. Decreverunt In Tua Curia
24. Numquid Dari - Pars I
25. Numquid Dari - Pars II (HEU)
26. Numquid Dari - Pars III
27. Eleyson
28. Lacus Leonum
29. Mandat Rex Omnium
30. Surge Frater
31. Inquitatem Fecimus
32. Finis-Pars I: Decretum Regis
Finis-Pars II: Praedictio
Finis-Pars III: Nuntium De Supernis - Te Deum