Rudyard Kipling - Jungle Book stories - Read by Ian Richardson

Source Cassette tape
Duration approx 2:38 hours 
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 64 Kbps CBR 
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono

A couple of tapes found in a Charity shop, it is a 1978 Argo/EMI/Decca recording, there is no mention on the inlay of any abridgement so I think it is safe to assume that it is unabridged.


The book

Mowgli's brothers

Chronologically it is the first story about Mowgli although it was written after "In the Rukh" in which Mowgli appears as an adult. The story first appeared in magazines in 1893 and was collected as the first story in The Jungle Book in 1894 where it is accompanied by the poem "Hunting Song of the Seeonee Pack". The story also appears in All the Mowgli Stories. In 1992 it was published as a separate volume with woodcut illustrations by Christopher Wormell.

The King's Ankus

Mowgli discovers a jewelled object which he later discards carelesslly, not realising that men will kill each other to possess it.

Kaa's hunting

Kipling continues the story of Mowgli and his life in the jungle. This chapter begins long before Mowgli is turned out of the wolf pack. We find Mowgli with his friend, Baloo, the bear, who is teaching the boy the law of the jungle. The bear is delighted with his quick-witted pupil. Wolves are usually content to learn only those things that apply to their species, but the boy is insatiably curious and wants to learn about all things. Sometimes, Bagheera comes to see how the lessons are coming along, and he, too, is pleased. Mowgli learns to climb, swim and run.


The author

Rudyard Kipling (30 December 1865 – 18 January 1936) was a British author and poet. Born in Bombay, in British India, he is best known for his works of fiction The Jungle Book (1894) (a collection of stories which includes Rikki-Tikki-Tavi), Kim (1901) (a tale of adventure), many short stories, including The Man Who Would Be King (1888); and his poems, including Mandalay (1890), Gunga Din (1890), and If— (1910). He is regarded as a major "innovator in the art of the short story"; his children's books are enduring classics of children's literature; and his best works speak to a versatile and luminous narrative gift.

Kipling was one of the most popular writers in English, in both prose and verse, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The author Henry James said of him: "Kipling strikes me personally as the most complete man of genius (as distinct from fine intelligence) that I have ever known." In 1907, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, making him the first English language writer to receive the prize, and to date he remains its youngest recipient. Among other honours, he was sounded out for the British Poet Laureateship and on several occasions for a knighthood, all of which he declined.

Later in life Kipling came to be recognized (by George Orwell, at least) as a "prophet of British imperialism." Many saw prejudice and militarism in his works, and the resulting controversy about him continued for much of the 20th century. According to critic Douglas Kerr: "He is still an author who can inspire passionate disagreement and his place in literary and cultural history is far from settled. But as the age of the European empires recedes, he is recognized as an incomparable, if controversial, interpreter of how empire was experienced. That, and an increasing recognition of his extraordinary narrative gifts, make him a force to be reckoned with.".


The reader

Ian William Richardson CBE (7 April 1934 – 9 February 2007) was a Scottish actor best known for his portrayal of the Machiavellian Tory politician Francis Urquhart in the BBC's House of Cards trilogy. He was also a leading Shakespearean stage actor.


Enjoy and Seed!!