The Magic Numbers are an English alternative rock band comprising two pairs of brothers and sisters who all attended The Cardinal Wiseman Roman Catholic High School in Greenford. The group was formed in 2002, releasing their critically acclaimed debut album titled The Magic Numbers on 13 June 2005. Their follow-up album, Those the Brokes was released on 6 November 2006, and their most recent album The Runaway was released on June 6, 2010. The Magic Numbers consists of Romeo Stodart (lead guitar, vocals), his sister Michele (bass, vocals, keyboard), Angela Gannon (melodica, percussion, glockenspiel, vocals) and her brother Sean (drums).

The Stodarts are the children of a Scottish father and a Portuguese mother and were born in Trinidad in the Caribbean, where their mother was an opera singer and had her own TV show. When the family fled an Islamic coup attempt there in 1990, they were raised in New York. In the mid-1990s, when Romeo was 16 and Michele was 10, they moved to London.
The Gannons are of Irish descent but lived in Hanwell, London where they became friends with their neighbours the Stodarts. Prior to forming The Magic Numbers, Romeo and Sean spent time trying to form a band together under various guises, and previously performed under the name \'Guess\'.

In late 2002 The Magic Numbers formed in their present guise, and they began touring the London circuit, gradually developing their sound and building a small cult following, not least amongst some already established artists including The Chemical Brothers, Travis, and Ed Harcourt, with the latter later influential in their signing to record label Heavenly Records, narrowly choosing that label over Rough Trade Records. Their rise came swiftly, beginning in the summer of 2004 and later that year when they began supporting well-known artists such as Travis, Ed Harcourt and Snow Patrol and appearing on the bill of some low-key UK festivals, building a larger following by increasing their live performances. In November 2004, they released a limited edition 7 vinyl single, Hymn for Her, to coincide with a three-show residency at The Borderline in London.

On the back of releasing just one commercially-available single, Forever Lost, and even before their debut album was released, they played a sold-out show to a crowd of over 2,000 at The Forum in Kentish Town, London, where a limited number of live albums of the gig were released. They played their first live session on UK radio on the Dermot O\'Leary Show for BBC Radio 2. Their eponymous debut album was recorded in late 2004 and early 2005 at Metropolis Studios in London, and released on 13 June 2005. The album was produced and recorded by American producer Craig Silvey. Prior to release, only Forever Lost was promoted as a commercial single. This was followed up by later single releases Love Me Like You, Love\'s a Game and I See You, You See Me. Following the release of their debut album, the remainder of 2005 and the first few months of 2006 were spent touring and promoting their album and singles, throughout the UK and USA, across Europe and also in New Zealand, Australia and Japan. Their Japanese tour was featured as a side documentary on the 2006 version of Jonathan Ross\'s Japanorama series.

After their heavy touring and promotion of their self-titled debut, The Magic Numbers would return in autumn of 2006 with their follow-up album, Those the Brokes. The band did another extensive run of shows to promote and tour for the album, including supporting The Who in Southampton, and an appearance at the 2007 Glastonbury Festival. The album was partly recorded in New York at Allaire Studios in Spring 2006, a venue which has also been used in the past by David Bowie, The Strokes and Ryan Adams, and was recorded and engineered by Richard Wilkinson A live album entitled Live at the Kentish Town Forum was released in February 2007, featuring a live performance of songs from both of the band\'s two albums.

The band took some time off during 2008, before reconvening in late 2009 to begin work on their third studio album. The band\'s website was updated to inform fans that the new album would be entitled The Runaway. The album was produced by Romeo Stodart with Valgeir Sigurdsson, who has previously worked with artists such as Bjork, Bonnie Prince Billy and Mum. The album was mixed by Ben Hillier, and features string arrangements by the late Robert Kirby, who worked on Nick Drake\'s Five Leaves Left album. The album was released on the 26th of July 2010.

 1. The Pulse
 2. Hurt So Good
 3. Why Did You Call?
 4. Once I Had
 5. A Start With No Ending
 6. Throwing My Heart Away
 7. Restless River
 8. Only Seventeen
 9. Sound Of Something
10. The Song That No One Knows
11. Dreams Of A Revelation
12. I\'m Sorry
