Ian McNabb
Merseybeast






Label: Quicksilver Recording Company
Released: 1996
Source: Original CD
Size Torrent: 768 MB
Format: FLAC





Merseybeast (an album title to savor from the Liverpool native) marks Ian McNabb's third solo collection of refreshing, heart-on-sleeve, no-hidden-agendas pop/rock. He communicates such an open, wide-eyed innocence through his work that it's difficult at first to believe he can be for real. But McNabb's willingness to express, from a male perspective, emotions uncommon for conventional rock's posturing swagger soon makes you a convert. When, for instance, was the last time a guy convincingly sang about "Camaraderie" in a way that could (at least, until the very end) apply in an equally touching way to a male or female respondent? The tone of McNabb's cosy-fireplace vocals -- especially on ballads like "Too Close to the Sun" -- sometimes evoke legendary crooner Scott Walker, likely through such second-hand bridges as David Bowie, Bryan Ferry, or perhaps fellow-Liverpudlian Julian Cope's (the Teardrop Explodes) influential 1981 Walker compilation The Godlike Genius Of....


At the same time, parts of Merseybeast (notably "Heydays" and "They Settled for Less than They Wanted") make me think of some lost Mick Ronson album. On his own sporadic solo releases, the late Spiders from Mars guitarist shared McNabb's talent for making an ingratiating, "golly-gee" naivete work to his advantage. (Speaking of "They Settled," I can also hear former Call vocalist Michael Been tackling this dense, lugubrious anthem of disappointment and missed opportunity, one of the rare downers on the disc.) "Don't Put Your Spell on Me" harkens back to Liverpool's postpunk salad days, a track that would have been envied in the early '80s by both Echo & the Bunnymen and the Teardrop Explodes.





Bonus CD, "North West Coast" was printed in limited quantities.
It was recorded live at King's College, London, June 1994. Engineered by Dave Porter and mixed by Bruce Lampcov. Mixing engineer is Lloyd Gardiner. Tracks 4 & 5 mixed by Ian McNabb and Lloyd Gardiner. According to an interview with Ian in McNabb Rag issue #8, Noel Gallagher of Oasis appears on the disk, although he is not credited. Credited musicians include Ralph Molina and Billy Talbot of Crazy Horse.






CD 1: Merseybeast

1. Merseybeast ( 6:44 )
2. Affirmations ( 3:33 )
3. Beautiful Old Mystery ( 4:10 )
4. Love's Young Dream ( 4:33 )
5. Camaraderie ( 4:17 )
6. Don't Put Your Spell On Me ( 5:38 )
7. Heydays ( 5:45 )
8. Little Bit Of Magic ( 4:54 )
9. You Stone My Soul ( 6:16 )
10. Too Close To The Sun ( 3:47 )
11. They Settled For Less Than They Wanted ( 7:20 )
12. I'm A Genius ( 4:19 )
13. Available Light ( 6:20 )
14. Merseybeast (Reprise) ( 1:51 )





Personnel on Merseybeast

Ian McNabb – Vocals, guitars, synthesizers, piano, moog, bass, harmonica, autoharp
Russel Milton – Bass
Daniel Strittmatter – Drums
Henry Priestman – Percussion
Nick Warren – Programming
Andy Findon – Flute
Don Richardson – Upright bass






CD 2: North West Coast

1. What She Did To My Mind ( 7:26 )
2. Evangeline ( 6:29 )
3. I Don't Want To Talk About It ( 6:15 )
4. When It All Comes Down ( 8:18 )
5. Understanding Jane ( 4:08 )
6. Pushin' Too Hard ( 7:16 )





Personnel on North West Coast

Ralph Molina – Drums, backing vocals
Billy Talbot – Bass, backing vocals
Ian McNabb – Vocals, guitars, synthesizers, piano, bass, harmonica
Mike Hamilton – Rhythm guitar
Nick Warren – Keyboards

Ralph Molina and Billy Talbot are members of Crazy Horse.
