Juusan-nin no shikaku (1963)

The story of Thirteen Assassins begins with a vassal of the Akashi clan committing seppuku in front of a daimyo's house. As it turns out, it's in protest to his lord raping and killing a girl and her samurai husband. This scandal is quickly covered up as the Akashi lord happens to be the Shogun's younger brother. What makes matters worse is that this reckless scoundrel will be soon appointed to a higher political position which could prove to be detrimental for the entire Shogunate. In response to that, a plot is hatched: 13 assassins will undertake the suicide mission to murder him on his way back from Edo.

Dai satsujin - 1964

The second chapter in Eiichi Kudo's Samurai Revolution trilogy bears so many similarities to its predecessor, Thirteen Assassins, that it might as well be a re-imagining of the same story. In the spirit of the anti-establishment sentiment that was prevalent in the jidai-geki of the early 60's, The Great Duel revolves around a group of revolutionaries who hatch a plot to ambush and assassinate a chancelor in an attempt to keep a corrupt, power-hungry minister from taking control of the Shogunate. The austere, very disciplined style is enhanced by beautiful black and white cinematography, sparse use of music and a pacing that doesn't rush to its final conclusion but takes time to examine and shed light on the characters. Kudo might be little known to the west, but certain scenes in The Great Duel reveal him to be a skillfull craftsman. Mis-en-scene is utilized to such effect that when a poor samurai has to murder his family (off screen), you'd be forgiven for completely missing it. The ambush in the finale is similar in many respects to the one from Thirteen Assassins; more loud and messy than stylized. In some ways, it anticipates Kinji Fukasaku's chaotic style from the early 70's. But what realism is achieved that way is diluted by the occasionally silly swordfighting (extras just waving swords at each other) and the bodyguards' hard effort not to kill our heroes. All in all it is a solid jidai-geki that combines politics, drama and an action-packed finale but doesn't quite rise to the cream of the crop

Ju-ichinin no samurai - 1966

Eleven samurai are sent to avenge the murder of their lord —and guard the future of their small clan— who was murdered by the arrogant and cowardly brother of the Shogun, in this little-known, superbly-directed and acted 1960's Samurai classic. The film features several intriguing plot-twists as well as provide authentic glimpses into both the Samurai ethos and, interestingly, its interplay with hostile political forces which two decades later (following the story's own periodization) would spell the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate and the beginning of the Meiji Restoration (as seen, namely, through one antifeudal and inventively modern character who joins the protagonists in their quest).

