FlexiMusic Kids Composer is an amazing piece of software, and is the easiest way to make instant music. Using a paintbrush, an erase tool, and a mouse, it’s fun and easy to make songs come alive. Just Select a “Tune”, paint on the screen, and, before long, you’ll have a complete song. It’s that easy. All you need is the FlexiMusic Kids Composer, your PC, and a little imagination.

Mix and match Tunes any way you can to build complete, original songs. Even if you don’t know anything about music, FlexiMusic Kids Composer software can help you sound like a star.

Lots of instruments: Hundreds of musical instruments. Create music with quality sounds and instruments, including drums, keyboards, sound effects, guitars, horns, percussion and more…

Big, Simple Buttons: FlexiMusic Kids Composer software is perfect for small children. Its colorful interface, basic tools, and big, simple buttons are easy for kids to understand and use.

Working with Songs: After completing the songs, you can make fine adjustments using Tempo. FlexiMusic Kids Composer uses Tempo to control changes in how fast a song plays. Moving this control to the left will play a song slower, while moving it to the right will play it faster.

Audio Recording: Record your live vocals, or sing and play along with the music. It has built-in, small audio editor to delete unwanted silent parts, and to increase the volume of an audio file.

Email Songs to Friends and Family: In no time, your kids will be making music that will amaze others. So, why not share it with others? With the touch of a button, you can send an e-mail to anyone in the world, and share their musical creations with friends and family!

FlexiMusic Kids Composer is best suited for children who would like to practice mixing a variety of instruments, and composing their own music.

Supported File Formats
FlexiMusic Kids Composer software saves to these formats:

    * FmSng: FlexiMusic Kids Composer File (*.FmSng)
    * WAV: The output song can be saved as standard WAV files (*.WAV)
    * WMA: The output song can be saved as a WMA file (*.WMA)
