FTV Girls - Leanne & Marlena - Mutual Pleasures
			
Marlena's Comments: A few hours later in the early afternoon we were at it again, the photographer liked the draped background for our affectionate kissing.  Kissing and fondling Leanne is just fun, she is kind of like virgin territory, hasn't been 'corrupted' like me hehe.  I like to be the aggressive one but the photographer divided our roles evenly for this part.  I know its clichéd but Leanne's pussy really does taste good, in fact I'm a believer that light skinned redheads and blondes all taste better.  Some people say the taste is based on what you eat, and maybe that has some truth to it.  I ate Leanne's pussy so good and I know she enjoyed it.  The photographer ran around taking video from all sorts of funny angles, even one from the ceiling.  Whatever looks erotic!  When I pulled out the toy, Leanne was really getting into it bad and in the doggy position she started creaming all over the toy.  You know a girl is in so much heat when that happens!  I gave the toy a taste like butter off a corn on the cob.  Since we didn't get our strap-on, I let her ride me with the toy in my hands!  It sort of worked, but she really got to come outside when I used the egg toy on her best spot and she loved me for it.  Sometimes I thought of Alison being in her place, cumming in my hands.  You know, the girls who are harder to get, are the ones we fantasize about, right?  I got my own chance on the water fountain outside in front of the house for my own orgasm.  The difference was that I had her finger me anally this time, which is something I'm getting used to and enjoying more frequently.  It started with a little butt plug, and finger toy, now its one or two fingers that arouse me.  I think being on top of the fountain doing that with anyone passing on the street seeing me made it even more exciting.  I'm turning into an exhibitionist, and FTV loves to shoot it!  I always have a great time here, and would gladly come back for a 5th time if you'd have me!
Leanne's Comments: I liked how this video started, kind of more artistic and with the santana music in the backrgound which is one of my favorite bands.  Marlena really hasn't heard much of santana which surprises me since she is a south american latin background.  We got to kiss each other again and Marlena was all over me using her sexy lips and tongue all over my body and then that toy!  If you remember long time ago when I first shot for FTV I used a long pink one which looks a lot like this one and it really got me off.  With all the kissing and playing I was so wet already but I didn't expect to get so milky wet, I mean it never happens to me like this.  Almost like I picked it up from Marlena!  The video clearly shows how much of it started washing out of me when I was in my favorite position, doggy!  I can't masturbate that way so its nice when someone like Marlena is around to do it for me!  I think I came there but I finished up with a strong orgasm when we went out to the balcony.  Marlena was on the side, but practically anyone in the office buildings nearby or the parking lot could see me naked orgasming up there and one lady had a double-take I think.  Marlena treated me like the lady, putting my heels on for me and dressing me up, then walking me to the car and driving me off.  I think I'd rather have her be the 'man' in the relationship, if we were actually dating that is!  What happened afterwards on the water fountain was pretty crazy, I thought I was just going to rub & finger & taste her but she made me press one then two fingers in her butt.  I've never done that before, and what's even crazier she got off from it!

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_306_Leanne_Marlena_Mutual_Pl.jpg

File Size ------- 430mb
Length ---------- 56:27
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Made possible by your donations.