TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Movie Collector Pro v7.1.6 (c) 2011 Collectorz.com

Date: 06/06/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type
X Registration/Serial Crack
Activation Crack
Trial Crack
X Server Check Crack
Serial
Hidden/Added Features Enabler
Other

Loader Patcher        Patch      X Precracked        RegFile
Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

Catalog your DVD and Blu-Ray collection
Automatic cast, crew, cover art and more
Just enter movie titles or scan barcodes

Create a personal DVD database on your PC or Mac
Just enter titles or scan barcodes to auto-download movie
details & cover art.
Catalog files, view stats, print lists, manage loans, export
data to XML/CSV, and more
Check your movie database and wish list on your iPhone, iPad or
Android device
Export your movie data from Movie Collector to the CLZ Movies
mobile viewer app
Publish your movie list online and share it with friends
Upload your movie list to Movie Collector Connect and email
your public web-link.

Catalog your DVDs and Blu-Ray discs by Title or Barcode No need
to enter movie details manually or to scan DVD images.
Just enter the movie title or scan the DVD barcode.
Automatically download all movie information (cast, crew, plot,
etc...) and DVD details, including cover images.

3 easy ways to add DVDs to your DVD database: Click below to
play the 3 videos:
1) Enter the Movie Titles
2) Scan DVD barcodes with the CueCat scanner
3) Scan DVD barcodes in batch with the OPN-2001

Speed up your cataloging with one of our barcode scanners
Cuecat Swiping Scanner (TE NOTE: Get yours from EBay
Modified
- Scan by swiping the CueCat's 'nose' across barcodes.
- For PC & Mac, USB, Plug & Play, no drivers needed
Opticon C37 CCD Scanner
- Scan barcodes efficiently by pointing a wide CCD
scanning window from a small distance.
- For PC & Mac, USB, Plug & Play, no drivers needed

Opticon OPN-2001 Laser Scanner with Memory
- Scan barcodes by pointing a powerful laser beam.
- Wireless batch scanning, memory for 10,000 barcodes.
- For PC & Mac, connects & charges via USB.
- Not compatible with Connect

About the Collectorz.com central online movie database: The
Collectorz.com online movie database is the source of all your
movie and edition information
Access to this database is free and included with all editions
(Standard, Pro or Connect). The online database will instantly
provide the following information:
Cover Images
Cast And Crew Listings
Genres, Studios, Release Dates
Plot Summaries (For Movies) And Episode Lists (For TV Series)
Edition Details like Format, Screen Ratios, Subtitles, Audio
Tracks...
No manual data entry. No need to scan your own cover images

Catalog your movie files by scanning folders
Scan your folders for movie files.
Add the found movies to your database in batch, using either
the file name or folder name as the movie title, with the movie
files automatically added under Links.
Then use Update Movies Automatically to download movie
information (like cast, crew, plot & cover image) from the
Collectorz.com online database.
Or, link the found movies to existing entries in your database.
Use the Play button in the Details View, or Play button on the
toolbar, to start the movie in your favorite movie player.

Browse your movies on Media Center (Vista or Windows 7
Browse movie cover images
view movie details
play linked movie files.

CLZ Movies mobile app : Check your list while on the road
Available for iPad, iPhone / iPod touch and Android for 4.99

Use CLZ Movies to check your collection and wish list on your
mobile device
Just export the data and images from the Windows or Mac edition
(Standard or Pro

Browse your DVDs and Blu-Ray's with full data and images
No need to be online, all data is stored on your device for
fast browsing
Currently available for iPad, iPhone / iPod touch and for Android
devices

Movie Collector Connect : Share your DVD database online
Subscription: 19.95 per year (optional add-on to Movie
Collector

Publish your movie database online on Collectorz.com servers
Access your Blu-Ray and DVD inventory from any online computer
or mobile device

Share your movie collection list with friends and family
Just email them the link to your public collection on the
Connect website

Connect is a fully stand-alone movie organizer tool
Connect is an (optional) add-on to the Movie Collector
downloadable desktop edition for Windows or Mac, but it can
also be used on its own, as an easy online DVD cataloging tool.

Compatibility
The Windows edition is compatible with Windows 2000, XP, Vista
and Windows 7. It is available in the following languages
English, Czech, Dutch, German, Hungarian, French, Turkish,
Polish, Croatian, Italian, Slovenian, Swedish, Greek, Russian,
Danish, Brasilian Portuguese, Norwegian, Spanish, Indonesian,
Portuguese, Islandic.

Whats New In v7.1 build 6 (May 23, 2011

Fixed
- DVD-R icon not showing and missing from templates
- Add Movie Files: adding movie files could cause Access
Violations
- Fast mouse clicks in the main screen could hang the program

For More Info On Collectorz.com Movie Collector Pro Visit 
http://www.collectorz.com/movie

TE Release Filename: tmvc716x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install moviecollectorsetup.exe.  After installation copy
precracked exe from the Crack folder to the installed folder of
Collectorz.com Movie Collector Pro, making sure to overwrite
the existing file.  You now have a fully registered version of
Movie Collector Pro

NOTE TO ALL READ NOW

Going to ONCE AGAIN state the obvious because some people can't
seem to use common sense and nuke a working release because of
their stupidity.  So here we go again and state the obvious in
each release of any Collectorz.com applications

We have for awhile now made searching at Collectorz.com work and
not show illegal key, allowing movie lookup to work from that
source, while another group's crack didn't allow ANY searching
there at all.  Now of course if you add over the 50 normal limit
for Movie Collector, and request data well over that limit from
that source in ONE BIG SEARCH, your going to be red flagged and
the server WILL block your IP and only your IP and say your
trial is up (and this is ONLY for retrieval of updates from
them).  This again should be quite obvious with server side
protection and using a cracked application, but we give you the
option to still be able to download from them, nobody else could
before (we won't explain our method

We will state it again clearly, don't search over that limit in
one large update to your database  Example would be 50 to 75
back to back automatic searches/updates in one use.  If you do
half of the normal limit (25 searches) and more at a later time,
you'll be fine as we have patched the counter inside your
collection file.  For people that refuse to listen (like you
nuker), you have been warned  Change your IP if you somehow
forget this, or wait for the ban to be lifted if you don't
listen (yes using a FREE PROXY allows you once again to search
right away, showing you its server side).  You still have ALL the
other Pro features anyways.  Besides, if your using this program
to store that many Movies, its about time you paid for it and
made that purchase to support this great database manager.

Thats it  Enjoy

T E  2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code