  Product Description
In a worldwide first, The Edna Pearson Story brings to DVD some of the most controversial and talked about episodes 
in the history of Wentworth. Now, for the first time, all original and fully un-cut episodes of the infamous 'poison'
 story line are featured on DVD. Starring one of Australian TV's best known actress Vivean ray (The Sullivans, Neighbours), 
these episodes were banned in Australia and heavily cut for UK transmission. Sit back and enjoy the arrival of Edna at
 Wentworth, having been found guilty of attempting to murder her husband. is she as innocent as she claims? As rat poison
 goes missing it is wise to have her on kitchen duty? And when Marlene collapses with stomach pains who should the inmates
 blame? Available for the first time in twenty five years, The Edna Pearson Story is a genuinely un-missable DVD event for
 all fan of Prisoner Cell Block H. 



Episode 463 - Edna is taken to the rec room and introduced to the women, they talk to her about how unfair her conviction
 is. 

Episode 464 - Most of the other women believe Edna is innocent, but Reb tells them they are gullible. Harry comes to visit
 Edna inside Wentworth; he assures her the appeal will be successful and she will be out soon. 

Episode 465 - Edna tells Rachel that Harry is trying to get her out, she also tells her about her first husband. Mrs O'Reagan
 is impressed with Rachel when she does kitchen duty, but when she finds out who Edna is, she goes the Governor to have 
her taken off kitchen duty; Edna protests to Ann that taking her out of the kitchen will make it look as if she's not to be
 trusted. Back in the kitchen, Marlene pretends to have been poisoned to teach Mrs O'Reagan a lesson, but this only results 
in her being taken out of the kitchen as well. The women listen to a radio interview with Harry Pearson, in which he repeats
 his belief in Edna's innocence. Edna is visited by Harry: he suggests she tries to get work in the garden and points out
 an oleander to her, reminding her that it is a poisonous plant. 

Episode 466 - Edna prepares a pot of tea with some of the leaves she picked from the garden, and when Marlene complains of 
a headache, she gives her some to drink as "peppermint tea". After lockup, Marlene starts to complain of stomach pains, but
tries to get a good night's sleep rather than seek medical help. At muster the next morning, Marlene tells Edna the
peppermint tea certainly did the trick as she puked up in the middle of the night! Joyce leaves Edna unattended for a 
moment as she takes her to collect more soap powder from the store room. Edna sees a cardboard tray with rat poison in it 
and deliberately drops a box of soap powder so she can empty the tray into her overall pocket. Edna brings some barley water
 for Marlene that she claims was brought in by Harry to "settle her stomach" and tells her to drink it. 

Episode 467 - Edna assures Marlene that everything will turn out for the best and says how much she misses her husband Harry.
 She suggests to Marlene that she drinks some lemon barley water, but Marlene finds someone has stolen the bottle from her 
cupboard. Alice and Frances are both ill with severe stomach pains and vomiting. The women wonder why only Frances and Alice 
were taken ill and Marlene finds the stolen goods, including the barley water, in Frances and Alice's cell. Edna inquires
 after Marlene's health: Marlene lies and says she has been drinking the barley water as Edna suggested. Frances and Alice
 heavy Marlene to find out what was in the barley water. Marlene tells Judy she can see "flecks of stuff" in the barley water
 and says she thinks Edna has poisoned it: Judy agrees to take a look until Arlene clumsily knocks the bottle to the floor
 and destroys the evidence. 

Episode 468 - Marlene cooks at the barbecue, all except for her own steak which is cooked by Bobbie. Edna notices this and
 digs up a root from the garden and shows Bobbie how to use an "old busher's trick" of prodding it thoroughly into the steak 
while it's cooking. Ann tells Meg that Edna's appeal has been upheld on the grounds that inadmissible evidence about her
 first husband was given at her trial. She tells Meg to collect her and she is free to go. The women congratulate Edna on
 being released. After the barbeque clear up Marlene starts to feel ill and collapses with stomach pains. 

Episode 469 - Marlene won't say who poisoned her as she doesn't expect to be believed. The women watch news of Edna's 
release on TV, and Judy returns to the rec room to report that it is suspected that Marlene was deliberately poisoned.
 At breakfast, the women discuss what to do about Edna. Rachel thinks they should at least phone Harry to warn him. Rachel
 and Judy go to see Ann, but she wants proof of their allegations against Edna and says it looks to easy to blame her of any
 poisoning. Marlene asks Frances and Alice to tell what they know about the barley water. Rachel marvels at Marlene's
 cast iron stomach as Meg tells Joan there is new evidence against Edna - oleander twig was found near the barbecue. 

Episode 470 - While Edna does not appear in this episode, it further brings her story to a conclusion. 