 http://apptrackr.org/?act=viewapp&appid=316133247
 
http://itunes.apple.com/in/app/longman-dictionary-contemporary/id316133247?mt=8

Must read THIS Info!! "INSTRUCTIONS Before Installing the dictionary": copy the 
"org.ldce.dictionary_1.0_iphoneos-arm.deb file (This is a license file to activate the dictionary to full version)" to your idevice to any location 
and install using "ifile".
Don't install the dictionary until you have finished installing that .deb license file or else you won't get the full version!

Also included in this torrent: LDOCE v3.7_Pingmd.rtf, alternativelink to downlaod this dictionary.

Description
❖ Back-to-school sale this week only!
Longman's flagship learner’s dictionary, fully updated and now with integrated Thesaurus and Collocations Dictionary
──────────────────────

◂◂ iTunes Rewind 2009 & 2010
Best selling English dictionary in most markets around the world two years in a row!
- thanks ★★★★★

Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English (5th Edition)
- For Advanced Learners (LDOCE5) © 2009

Longman's flagship learner’s dictionary, fully updated in 2009, is now available as an iPhone/iPod touch application. Improve your fluency in English with the most up-to-date learner's dictionary at your fingertips.

Now with integrated Thesaurus and Collocations Dictionary.

Dictionary details:
● 230,000 words, phrases and meanings - more than any other learner's dictionary
● 165,000 examples based on real, natural English from the Longman Corpus Network show how English is really used
● Clear definitions written using only 2,000 common words.
● Most frequent 3,000 words in spoken & written English, highlighted to show which are the most important to know
● Register Notes focus on the differences between spoken and written English.
● The Academic Word List is highlighted to help you improve your essays and presentations.
● Grammar and warning notes ensure that you avoid the most common errors.
● Integrated Collocations Dictionary. Over 80,000 collocations will improve your fluency.
● Integrated Thesaurus. Over 20,000 synonyms, antonyms and related words will improve your vocabulary range.

♪ 77,000 pronunciation files —all headwords in both UK & US accents.
PLUS
♪ 86,000 recorded example sentences (via external links due to size)
Over 19GB of audio online!

Making this the largest resource of English available on ANY mobile platform!

──────────────────────

Application Features:
● full content of the print dictionary
- PLUS additional collocations, synonyms & word histories
● complete front matter and additional resources
● unique three-way cross-referencing search
● real-time progressing look-up
● wildcard pattern searches -with * ?
● spelling suggestion dictionary included
● hyperlinking directly to meanings & appendices
● search on idioms and phrasal verbs
● search by synonym and "sign-post" meanings
● support for search from other applications
● OS-independent app localization
● "Retina Display" support
● bookmarks with folders and editable notations
● automatic history listing
● complete offline use (except for sentence sounds)

● Now supported by SearchHub, a utility app for dictionary apps

──────────────────────

The ultimate learner's resource of the English language for use anywhere and anytime.

Copyright:
Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English, Fifth Edition (LDOCE5)
© Pearson Education Limited 2009
What's new in Version 3.7
❖ major content upgrade:
● added synonyms and sign-post meanings to search results
● added comprehensive "Grammar" section to "About" appendices.

──────────────────────

● Try using LDOCE5 with Enfour's "SpellChecker ✔" or "SpellChecker ✔ Multilingual". Never again misspell an email, SMS or tweet.

Please share....Dont hit and run...SEEEED it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)

