SmartScore Pro... There is simply no faster way to get printed music into your computer. Band arrangements, operas, hymns, musicals, orchestral parts and scores appear on-screen in editable and playable form within seconds after scanning. With more accuracy on more symbols than any other scanning software, SmartScore allows you to manipulate your music in endless ways. Transpose by key or clef. Extract parts from a score or merge parts into a conductor\\\\\\\'s score. Assign MIDI instrument sounds to parts and to contrapuntal voices. Even optimized scores maintain playback continuity. Includes precision recognition of lyrics, text and chord symbols. Spend more time with the music and less time correcting mistakes. From start to finish, SmartScore will make your work easier, faster and a lot more fun. The demo is a fully functioning copy of SmartScore, but files cannot be saved or printed.

More accuracy, more features and even more simplicity
Smart scanning interface with automatic scanner settings. No expertise required. Automatic resolution (dpi) selection. Simplified multi-page scanning within a single file.
Recogntion accuracy exceeds 99% on well-printed scores.
Recognizes more musical symbols more accurately.
Improved text and lyric OCR.
Complex structures recognized including repeats, segnos, coda signs, broken systems (coda breaks), cross-staff beaming/voicing, optimized systems, ossias and grace notes.

More accurate playback
Realistic nuance. Most all tempo, dynamic and articulation marks are recognized and automatically applied to playback.
Assign different instrument sounds to parts with a single click. Assign different sounds to contrapuntal voices!
Graphical velocity and tempo controllers for varying dynamics/tempo.
Automatic Drum Groove instantly adds rhythms based on style and beat. Insert unlimited number of grooves.
Graphical velocity and tempo controllers for varying dynamics/tempo.
Control default playback behavior of trills, accents, ritards, hairpins, accelerandos, pickup and closeout measures.
MIDI editor includes familiar Piano Roll, Overview and Event List. Two-way Notes-MIDI-Notes transparency.

Advanced music editing
New scoring environment rebuilt from the ground-up for maximum ease and simplicity. Now it\\\\\\\'s easier than ever to edit scanned in music or to create professional scores.
Flexible score displays: Continuous horizontal view or Multi-page view.
Error check automatically highlights problem measures
System width tabs. Plus line, staff and system spacing tabs.
Advanced page layout controls and print previewing. Create production-quality page formats for print or PDF output.

Text, Lyrics and Chord Symbols
Precision recognition of lyrics, text, fretboards and chord symbols including chord names written as text.
Fretboards and chord symbols update when transposing to new key.
Control text and lyric properties.
Guitar Chord Library includes over 700 chords. Change or add your own
Modify notehead shapes (shaped notes)

More Useful Functions
Transpose by key or by clef for diverse instruments
Extract parts out of scores or combine parts into a conductor’s score
Program and Document preferences. Change the look and feel of the interface to suit your needs.
Karaoke view with moving or stationary bouncing ball and moving or refreshed lyrics.
Add \\\\\\\"hidden\\\\\\\" obects from view and from printing.
Create musical scores from preset templates or from imported MIDI files
Create Audio-CDs from finished files. Save to MusicXML, Finale, MIDI, NIFF and PDF file formats

System Requirements

OS 10.4 (Tiger) / 10.5 / 10.6 (Snow Leopard)
G3 or better / Dual Core for Universal
256Mb RAM + 50Mb disk space