Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band
Blue Jeans And Moonbeams   



Label: Virgin
Released: 1974
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 221 MB
Format: FLAC




Bluejeans & Moonbeams is the ninth LP by Captain Beefheart, originally released in 1974. Despite its uncharacteristically mainstream sound the album failed to chart. Many observers consider the album to be the Captain's weakest work, leading fans to christen the line-up of the period the 'Tragic Band'.

The album does, however, have its influence: an early White Stripes EP entitled Party of Special Things to Do (2001) contains three Beefheart covers, including this album's opening track.

Having no musical training or instrumental experience, throughout his career Van Vliet had relied on a musical director within the band who could translate his often unorthodox ideas into a form that was musically playable. This role had been successively filled by Alex St. Clair, John French, and Bill Harkleroad on his previous albums. With the entire Magic Band having quit after the recording of his previous album he no longer had such an intermediary. As a result the album is generally considered the nadir of Van Vliet's musical career. One of the musicians, Michael Smotherman, said "Don was just as confused as he could be throughout the whole process... I would push his face up to the microphone and he would start singing. And when it was time to stop I would pull him back gently."





Personnel

Captain Beefheart - vocals, harmonica
Dean Smith - guitar, bottleneck guitar
Ira Ingber - bass
Bob West - bass
Michael Smotherman - keyboards, backing vocals
Mark Gibbons - keyboards
Gene Pello - drums
Jimmy Caravan - keyboard, star machine
Ty Grimes - percussion





Track Listing

1."Party of Special Things to Do" (Don Van Vliet, Elliot Ingber) – 2:48
2."Same Old Blues" (J. J. Cale) – 4:00
3."Observatory Crest" (Van Vliet, E. Ingber) – 3:32
4."Pompadour Swamp" (Van Vliet) – 3:32
5."Captain's Holiday" (R. Feldman, W. Richmond, S. Hickerson, C. Blackwell) – 5:43
6."Rock 'n Roll's Evil Doll" (Van Vliet, Mark Gibbons, Ira Ingber) – 3:20
7."Further Than We've Gone" (Van Vliet) – 5:31
8."Twist ah Luck" (Van Vliet, Gibbons, I. Ingber) – 3:22
9."Bluejeans and Moonbeams" (Van Vliet) – 5:02
