 http://bayimg.com/pADfAAadM

The Blue Tooth Virgin (2008) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1235058/ 

David Lean once warned that filmmakers should, at all costs, avoid making movies with writers as protagonists because "nothing is more internal, non-dramatic and dull" than the process of writing. But "The Bluetooth Virgin"  defies this advice and comes off amazingly well.
  
  Austin Peck  ...  Sam 
  Bryce Johnson  ...  David 
  Lance Aaron  ...  Coffee Shop Patron  
  Amber Benson  ...  Jennifer  
  Karen Black  ...  Zena  
  Zrinka Domic  ...  Country club waitress  
  Tom Gilroy  ...  Louis  
  Roma Maffia  ...  Dr. Christopher  
  Lauren Stamile  ...  Rebecca  
  Tia Streaty  ...  Art Girl  

Filmmaker Russell Brown’s incisive film shows the repercussions of being brutally honest when asked to read someone’s film script. A pinprick to the inflated balloon harbored by egocentric writers, this modest, bracing drama mines the insecurities of creative types, as well as the way friends, lovers, and even fellow professionals are forced to walk on eggshells when supporting someone else’s artistic endeavors.

A still-young multi-hyphenate with the benefit of both previous directorial know-how as well as different industry experience and the perspective which that provides, The Blue Tooth Virgin is named after the achingly arty screenplay Sam passes off to David for feedback. A noirish character study (because Sam is really all about character, as he frequently intones) full of transsexuals, private investigators, time-traveling and mystery, the narrative within the movie seems like a cheeky nod of homage to Tom DiCillo, who's aped the well-traveled grooves of independent cinema in movies like Living In Oblivion and The Real Blonde. It's the perfect leaping-off point for a discussion of what film could and should mostly be — a challenge to audiences, or a salve?

The screenplay may seem stagy or too talky, but its precise tone and shrewdness contribute to the film’s success. The actors handle the challenging dialogue with considerable élan. The frisson Peck and Johnson achieve is palpable. Sam is appropriately hesitant when he speaks, starting sentences, stopping as if rethinking what he is trying to say, and then repeating himself. Peck delivers a beautifully modulated performance. David, in contrast, is confident and fluid when he speaks. Even when he’s trying to politely discuss Sam’s script over a friendly golf game, and says something unintentionally funny, it comes across as completely natural. Johnson’s acting never seems forced, and that benefits the film immensely.

Interestingly, The Blue Tooth Virgin also trades in long-form scenes that serve as call-and-response mirror images of one another. (Quotations on the turmoil of the artistic process help serve as chapter divides within the film.) Though this tack could be sacrificed and tweaked a bit up front for more energy and surface appeal, it helps him more or less get to the meat of his conceit, and pays dividends later in the movie, in a pair of engaging scenes in which Sam and David crawl inside their own heads (the former with a New Age-y creative consultant, the latter with a more conventional therapist) and try to root out what their writing means to them. Captured in simple, point-and-shoot, low-fi strokes, The Blue Tooth Virgin doesn't aim for grand-gesture profundity; it's nervous and ambivalent about "correct" notions of modern cinematic storytelling, as reflected in the gulf of opinion between its characters. But it entertainingly captures the ever-present tension between art and commerce, and again sets on a tee the age-old question: is it an audience that makes a work a legitimate piece of art? 

Brown directs each episode tightly, wisely allowing breathers between scenes — animated bits with witty literary quotes — for the audience to absorb each chapter’s impact.

Though criticisms of this film about giving and receiving criticism are hard to mount, it is fair to say that it could have included some crowd-pleasers to make it more commercial. But that’s really missing the point –– “The Blue Tooth Virgin” is deliberately, defiantly not commercial. It will certainly resonate with anyone toying with a screenplay, likely irritating more than a few because it speaks an unpopular truth.

Brown honestly examines his subject matter. What starts off as a lean comedy poking fun at Hollywood culture gradually shifts into a deeper meditation on truth and ego as characters dissect their inner motivations and face their lurking desires heretofore tucked away from all, including themselves. The Blue Tooth Virgin is a solid, character driven piece based on substance over style. 

In its own way, The Blue Tooth Virgin is a twenty-first century successor to The Iceman Cometh or Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf if I may be so bold. Each one confronts the paradoxical dangers and necessity of self-illusion in one’s life. Shot on what must have been a shoestring budget (by Hollywood terms certainly), Brown fashions the film as essentially a succession of solid, two-handers that would be just as effective on a small, black box stage as they are in a proper cinema setting. Directorial flash is set aside to focus clearly on the characters constant give and take as they probe each other via the incisive dialogue. If I had any major criticism, it would be that Brown should have put this project up as a live theatrical production rather than a film. The film’s visual paucity would be quickly nullified by quietly observing these characters on a near-bare stage having it out with each other, in front of a live audience that hopefully would have a few writers squirming in their seats.

