Implementing Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Part 1 (CIPT1) 

Foundation Learning Guide  Second Edition



Hardcover: 496 pages 
Publisher: Cisco Press; 2 edition (August 28, 2011) 
Language: English 
ISBN-10: 1587204185 
ISBN-13: 978-1587204180 

Josh Finke, CCIE®  No. 25707

Dennis Hartmann, CCIE®  No. 15651

Foundation Learning for the CCNP Voice CIPT1 642-447 exam

Implementing Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Part 1 (CIPT1), Second Edition is a Cisco®-authorized, self-paced learning tool for CCNP Voice® foundation learning. This book provides the knowledge necessary to implement a Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) solution at a single-site environment. By reading this book, you will learn how to perform post-installation tasks, configure CUCM, implement Media Gateway Control Protocol (MGCP) and H.323 gateways, and build dial plans to place On-Net and Off-Net phone calls. You will also implement media resources, IP Phone Services, Cisco Unified Communications Manager native presence, and Cisco Unified Mobility.

 

This book focuses primarily on CUCM version 8.x, which is the call routing and signaling component for the Cisco Unified Communications solution. This book has been fully updated with new coverage of CUCM phone services, Cisco Unified Manager Assistant, Cisco Unified Mobility, and H.323 gateways.

 

Whether you are preparing for CCNP Voice certification or simply want to gain a better understanding of Cisco Unified Communications Manager fundamentals, you will benefit from the foundation information presented in this book.

 

Implementing Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Part 1 (CIPT1), Second Edition, is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

 

n    Understand Cisco Unified Communications Manager architecture and components

n    Evaluate CUCM deployment models

n    Set up and configure CUCM services

n    Implement and harden IP phones

n    Manage user accounts

n    Configure Catalyst® switches for power over Ethernet and voice VLAN requirements

n    Deploy MGCP and H.323 gateways

n    Configure call routing and digit manipulation

n    Set up calling privileges and call coverage

n    Deploy various media resources, features, and applications

n    Establish Presence-enabled speed dials and lists

n    Implement Cisco Unified Manager Assistant and Cisco Unified Mobile

 

This volume is in the Foundation Learning Guide Series offered by Cisco Press®. These guides are developed together with Cisco as the only authorized, self-paced learning tools that help networking professionals build their understanding of networking concepts and prepare for Cisco certification exams. 

