Unfinished Evolution: How a New Age Revival Can Change Your Life and Save the World Book
 

Scotalyn Press | 2009 | ISBN: 0615229727 | 352 pages | PDF |

IF YOU WANT TO SAVE THE WORLD START HERE! Despite rumors to the contrary, the New Age 
movement is alive and well and still our best hope for creating a more enlightened society. True, 
the term New Age has fallen from fashion. That s one reason why those of us who are spiritual 
but not religious 24 percent of Americans according to a recent Newsweek poll have been stuck 
in an identity crisis over what to call ourselves. Are we part of a Holistic Movement, an Aquarian 
Conspiracy, a Cultural Creative Renaissance, what? We don t know, and mostly likely, we haven't 
been too concerned about it; we find labels much too limiting. But our disdain for naming ourselves 
has been purchased at enormous cost. Most of us walk alone and often lonely on our individual paths, 
unable to share our efforts. We walk alone, our numbers uncounted, our opinions unconsidered, and 
our voices unheard by the society we hope to transform. Today, with global warming and terrorism 
dire threats to our future survival, transforming society is no longer a pleasant option, but urgent 
necessity. It s time for the New Age to get is mojo back. It s time for us to tap into the power of a 
collective identity. Unfinished Evolution is a roll call for all spiritual idealists all 50 million of us cultural 
creatives, liberal Christians and Jews, bohemians, treehuggers, peaceniks, yoga enthusiasts, holistic 
healers, pagans, armchair Buddhists and other alternative sorts. It is time to come out of hiding, 
time to declare the courage of your convictions, time to stand up and be counted as an agent of 
change. "In case you thought the dream of a 'new age' of consciousness was dead, think -- and 
read -- again. This book, wise, intimate, and deeply informative, is a clarion call about the greatest 
of conversations: about the future of humanity." -Michael Grosso, Ph.D., author of The Millennium 
Myth and Experiencing the Next World Now "Booth dares to pick up the tattered and torn banner 
of the New Age and restore it to the meaning it once had... [Her book] made me feel like an old 
New Age workhorse ready to wear the saddle again. I was inspired. " -From the foreword by David 
Spangler, author of Reimagination of the World, and Blessing: The Art and the Practice