The file in the torrent - which I said wouldn't anymore of - I got bored tonight - this is just unrelared conspiracy crap that could be fun. I was trying to see how much I could remeber this morning...


Anywat the contents is a wmv of my car eating...she does something funny towards the end which is just the way she eats...it is very funny to.

She is survivor a 4 year or 5 tear old street cat I have the fortune to know for alomost 2 years now.

And at night during my nightmmares she comes up to me on my bed anb extends her claws carefully abd pets the back of my hair til I wake up.

And in that I have forgiven god in sending her to me and in sending... I woul have ebdured everything I went through for the brieftime I had Eddie here...and for the thirty give years he has been with me keeping me alive.


I have said once that I believe in God and heaaven cause of Eddie. The rest of you have to have faith. I know. I have fet him allmy life abd good days away from this bs it so pleasant to feel him in my music and life.


If God is with Eddie than God must be alright just by association...just in being afriend of Eddies.
You would unbderstand if you knew him even in my very vague memories of him...still masked by the pain of losing...and yet the feeling 
I have is not that moment in losing...but th time we sat together in my parebts playroom...and in that is everthing about Eddie. His memory surpases the tragedy and always will. His memory is more powerful than the most horrific experience abyobe could have...that is what amazes me...in certainty...

Below is juts musing to pass the time...
Im gonna use my cat soon on Utbe to bring traffic...she's cuer than me. thx


Advocate
I have read the rantings of crazy people on the net////really crazy people whose logice IS not coherent concerning connections between Grammar and Currency...that to him in some way are logical....how far are any of use from that...how fragile is or own recognition or perspective on ourselfs?

It was in the visit with the officers 2 weeks ago in which they questioned that to me.

I do not believe these are illogical rantings. They may be poorly presented....the spelling and grammar is awful...for a good reason.

But not disjointed or illogical and not delusional.

If I can see that why couldnt they. Why can't DHS?

Or do they truthfully doubt what I am saying or is it the liabilty at this point in twenty years of casualties as I have endlessly reported this to them and the state.


Or do they actually prefer to ignore this...to allow this. Can the world be this bad?
Posted by WintersButterfly at 5:04 AM 0 comments
Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Google Buzz
Old Ghosts don't Die, Sometimes they Just Fade Away.
One of the Dulles brothers headed the CIA under Eisenhower. The other was head of the state department.
And it was their law firms clients ironically in the early days that they continued to represent in office, that were involved in many of their covert projects. The sugar plantations an such. Wether they were using the government for the interest of business people associated with them or just using their law firm as a type of courier. It seems it is a gray area which is getting grayer theses days.
Including harassment by the early CIA of Onassis years before Jackie went to his island to protect her kids as she said after Bobby's funeral.

Anyway on to Nixon and this conjecture on my part here but I have believed as my sister does that JFK and Bobby's campaign manager who went to work as an assistant to Hughes after Bobby's asination and before becoming head the DNC - That OBrian set Nixon up, kinda luring his paranoia into wiretaping him to find out what O Brian knew of Hughes slush fund to Nixon, and more likely in the back of my mind - the use of Hughes in the past by the CIA to arrange funds for covert operations to bypass congress oversight.

I believe there has since the Bay of Pigs been a splinter Group off of the CIA not so much as in Shaw and such, nut maybe the old gaurd from the origanl WWII members, or at least some of them, probably not Casey - who set Nixon up to protect the country from his use of the CIA and FBI in abuse in domestic surveillance and Nixon's enemy lists.

I think Nixon got set up and the Oct 20th 1974. Bork who Reagan later tried to get on the court fired Cox after Nixon required the resignation of the Attorney General and I think the Deputy AG, leaving Bork in authority to fire Cox. Which Bork did for Nixon.

And the reason was the Senates insistence that Nixon release his tapes. Nixon wanted only to release transcripts and the resulting 18 minutes missing which was recorded over in multiple attempts contained Nixon's concern not only just O Brian knew but Nixon's fear of many CIA operations through Hughes money becoming public.

Again, for some reason I just kinda think this is right without knowing. Kinda like ho I play the piano.

And then Gerald Ford became VP after Agnew was indicted on a separate scandal. The Senate then allowed Nixon to resign after appointing Ford, who as I have said of all things sat on the Warren Commission with Dulles after I believe Bobby was assassinated..

The Senate allowed Nixon to resign after appointing Ford cause otherwise Tip Oneal would have become President and the Democratic Congress did not want to be views as overthrowing an elected President.

Then when Carter became President, who was also ...something to do with the naval college, but he did and does have significant credentials. He was not just a Governor from Georgia.

He stripped the CIA of its covert operations actions leavibng it mostly as a information gathering tool for the Governemnt.

He cut the CIA by 50% in the process and I have always believed that someone in the CIA allowed the lack of intel that led to IRan hostages and the accident in the desert to try and save them.

When Reagan became President and Ted Kennedy was so concerned about Reagan winning that risked his life trying to get elected, because I believe he saw the Carter would not be electable.
And it was actually the former Republican I turned ndependent Anderson who won 5% enough to earn government payment of his election costs who threw the race to Reagan.

And what happened the day Reagan, let me rphrase that, the minute Reagan took office. The Hostages were released simutaniously with the broadcast.

But also notable: Ragans first act was to pardon to either FBI or CIA operatives for domestic abuse sending a clear message, Casey who was REagans campaign manager, and former founder of the CIA headed the CIA, Deaver, and Hogue, and Schultz, and Bush's VP from Haliburton.
All from Nixon.

And then  one of the men involved in the Camp David accords then invaded Lebanon to get ride of Hessbellough driving into and destroying Lebanon.

One hundred marines were then killed in their barracks.
And then several Hostages were taken in Bierut among them several college professors who were later revealed to be CIA agents and a minister from England who was negoting the hostage release and was encouraged by the US to wear a GPS device under his skin on a subsequent visit, Terry Anderson?
Who as a result was taken hostage.

In the negotions for their release mopre than just a cake was delivered by Shulttz to Iran. We shipped them under Reagan missiles that were purchasesed from the sale of Arms to the :founding fathers" in Nicaragwa (?) I get all those there confused...the Santinas?

This was coordinated through the NSA by Pondexter and Oliver North. Pondexter was convicted North wasn;t.

Because Congress offered North immunity in his testimony in Congress headed I believe by our state Democrat David Boren who was at the time head of the Intelligence Committe.
This resulted in the case that proceeded to be thrown out.
But not after the coincidental death of Casey, but also Reagans testimony. And in that Testimony Reagan never asked what is is. He just took said that he could not remember - over four hundred times.
He didn't tkae the fifth...he just said didn't remember- over four hundred times - and that was good enough for us back then.

Maybe they should have asked Nacy or here astrologist..or possibly her friend who came to see her frequently in the whitehouse Frank Sinnatra...who I think was miffed when not included in the inaugral for REagan or Bush, but I am sure Reagan.

And in conlusion two more details.

North supposedly was funneling drugs back from Nicaragua in the return f;lights of in all places while Clinton I think was governorof Arkansas a small airport in Ark near...it starts with a B...and is near Tyson and the home of Walmart....anyway.



And sometime in the late 80's or early 90's Presidnet Carters Daughter who I have always greately admired as I admire Carter and his wife.... went to Brown University with one of the guys I think from the Chicago Seven in the 60's. My names are failing me now... I can not remeber here first nae or his.


Anyway Abbey Hoffman and her protested at Brown the reruitment of student for the CIA because of the CIA's involvement under Reagan of mining the harbors in Hondurus which the US was braught before the world court on and lost.

And in that recognition in the judges statement on Carters daughter and Hoffman's arrest together for protesting at Brown the judge found the pair not guilty based on the ruling of the world court and as the judge stated later showed the need to go to extreme measure to protest the acions of this country by the CIA.

Abbey Hoffman shortly committed suicide from some typ barbutuate.
Hoffmans brothe came forward and said that Abbey was on an anti depressant but suicidel.


And then came Bush Senior who was a former head of the CIA under I think Ford possibley.


And then I would just suggest strongly you watch Moores fahrenhiet concerning the Bushes involvement with Saudia Arabia.


And what I  have been told in the past...I have comment in this though...just passing it on....

It was under Bush sr that Iraq who we supplied those nasty chemical weapons to in the war with Iran which we were also suppling...that under Bush senior a embassy letter concerning Kuwait was ignored giving the initial impresion to Hussain that we would not respon if they went into Kuait.

Which was false, and was the base to try and limit Husseins army which was 3rd I beleiev at one time or another in the world, but I am not sure on that...

And under Bush Jr....it was a desire by Cheney and the other neo conservatives to aquire Iraq as a foothold in the middle east in an attempt to democratize the middle east as a domino effect...before 9 11. And 9 11 was used as a catalyst to galvanaize the country against Hussein.... I read recently comments criticied by a republican Iand I cant remember his name now...but he critized a cia representative for his comments in the Senat concerning Libyas leader to survive stating that hsi statement hurt our countrys interest. And I wanted to post so badly there my comments asking what would he prefer the man do...fabricate reports of Weapons of Mass Destruction and expose CIA operatives wifes who tried to expose it?

And their is an existing project in afaganistan concerning protection of a pipeline across afganistan that is mostly why we are still there.


Anyway...again these are not my concerns. I have merely had fun tonight trying privately on her to resusitate some of my memories.


You have to understand I am not in anyway not only NOT a conspiracy nut in anyway...I also do not follow the news relentlessly in these things. I just know them. How many people have recall of all these things just off the top of their head....all these things...and why do I.


I remember everything I read and hear. Everything. And my family talks too much sometimes.

Inthree days of the condor Redford is described to a CIA agebt who questions why Redford had such knowledge of so much ...the mans comment was...that " He reads. He reads everything"
And at the end of the movie Redford explains to the head of the CIA on a stret corner in front of the Washington Post why the CIA should leave him alone. Redfors character points to the Washington Post and explain to the CIA Chief...that he has given the Washington Post everything...The CIA Chief does not bat an eye in his response....


what makes you think they'll post it.



these things in reality have no interest with me and they prove nothing. I like to talk polotics and stuff...sting theory....Einstien...Donkey Atoms or rather anti matter...and particles they are looking for in caverns so deep in the earths core the scientist are limited to the amount of time there...and the neat crystals there.


The only thing it does prove at least to me...which may be not that big a thing to nnybody else... I have a whole lot of crap floating around in here....crap that is true...why isn't the rest considered true...


Why not DHS? 