 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61fudlbkAlL.jpg


Title: 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Diana Ross & the Supremes
Artist: Diana Ross & the Supremes
Audio CD (October 19, 1999)
Original Release Date: 1999
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: R&B
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Where Did Our Love Go
02. Baby Love
03. Come See About Me
04. Stop! In the Name of Love
05. Back in My Arms Again
06. I Hear a Symphony
07. You Can't Hurry Love
08. You Keep Me Hangin' On
09. Reflections
10. Love Child
11. Someday We'll Be Together


Amazon Review:
The Supremes' catalog (as well as that of every other hit-making artist who ever recorded for Motown) has been packaged and repackaged so many times that yet another go-round of the same material would seem pretty uninviting if the music weren't so good. The songs collected here certainly constitute some of the Supremes' prime stuff. But like many of the entries in MCA's 20th Century Masters collection, it's a product of flawed logic. The set is made up entirely of No. 1 hits, except for "Reflections," which charted at No. 2. It's unclear why that song takes precedence over two of the group's other No. 1s, "Love Is Here and Now You're Gone" and "The Happening" (both of which end up on Volume 2). The album could have stuck to the Supremes' early period, before Diana Ross became front woman in name as well as in fact. In that scenario, earlier hits could have subbed for "Love Child" and "Someday We'll Be Together," and those songs saved for a subsequent volume. Maybe these are quibbling arguments, but the perpetual mishandling of Motown's peerless catalog continues to puzzle.

Allmusic Review:
Every track here except "Reflections" achieved number one pop status. If "Love Is Here and Now You're Gone" had been included, and "Reflections" omitted, the whole CD would be composed of number one pop hits. The omission of "The Happening" (ugh), also a number one hit, was a good one. These 11 songs represent the Supremes', and writers/producers Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier, and Eddie Holland's, best work. Especially endearing are "Where Did Our Love Go," "Come See About Me," "You Can't Hurry Love," "Love Child," and "Someday We'll Be Together," a Johnny Bristol, Jackie Beavers and Harvey Fuqua composition originally recorded by Johnny & Jackie.