System Mechanic Professional 10.5.4.19

System Mechanic® keeps your PC running faster, cleaner and error-free. Its powerful arsenal of 40+ award-winning precision tools fixes stubborn errors, cleans out clutter, optimizes internet and download speeds, ensures personal security and maintains maximum computer performance automatically.

Over 98% of PC problems are caused by clutter and faulty settings that are the result of everyday PC use. System Mechanic automatically repairs errors and fragmentation, cleans out clutter, and tunes up your PC - so that it runs smoothly, reliably, and up to 300% faster! Don't waste money on expensive "experts" to fix your PC when System Mechanic will repair, tune, and maintain it for you! Enjoy that new PC feeling again. Clear out clutter and errors for improved speed and reliability. Optimize your PC to play the latest high-performance games at maximum speeds. Accelerate download and web surfing speeds up to 300%.

Advanced PC Tune-Up plus:
• Certified virus protection
• Internet intruder defense
• Deleted Data Rescue
• Secure Data Removal

iolo AntiVirus™ provides industry-certified protection from viruses, worms, trojans, and other threats by using an advanced real-time engine that provides continuous maximum protection. It includes fully integrated email scanning, hourly virus definition updates, and an intuitive interface that makes it easy to maintain a permanently virus-free PC.

iolo Personal Firewall™ blocks unwanted communication to and from PCs, keeping private information safe from hackers and identity thieves. Its proprietary IntelliDefense® system eliminates security guesswork by automatically deciding which programs should connect to the internet using a program database of thousands of behavior profiles.

Search and Recover™ rescues accidentally deleted pictures, videos, email messages, documents, spreadsheets, system files, and any other file or folder from hard drives, CD/DVDs, music players, digital cameras, memory cards, and virtually all other portable digital devices.

DriveScrubber® securely erases sensitive data to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands when selling, donating, recycling, or reassigning a computer. DriveScrubber overwrites and removes information permanently, using strict government and military standards to provide protection from even the most sophisticated forensic recovery methods.

New in Version 10

NEW
- Program Accelerator™
Over time, the many files that make up a program drift apart and become scattered across the hard drive. The new Program Accelerator realigns these program files, resulting in programs that launch faster and respond more quickly.
- CRUDD Remover™
The new CRUDD Remover detects and displays the redundant programs that can impact PC performance and stability, and then you decide which programs you want to keep or remove.
- Broken Internet connection repair
A new repair feature that fixes damaged or broken Internet connection problems caused by destructive software is now in ActiveCare® and the PC Repair PowerTool™.
- Whole Home™ Licensing
Previously, one System Mechanic license could be installed on up to 3 PCs. Because many people now have more than three computers, System Mechanic is now licensed under the Whole Home™ Licensing program, which allows you to use one System Mechanic license on all of the PCs in your household.

ENHANCED
- Tune-up Definitions™
Tune-Up Definitions, the weekly research updates automatically delivered to System Mechanic customers, have significantly expanded and grown from one category to five, capturing even more data about the issues that impact PC performance.
- DriveAccelerator™
The drive defragmentation technology in DriveAccelerator is re-engineered both to incorporate new features in Windows 7 and to work in conjunction with the new Program Accelerator.
- PC TotalCare®
More cleanup, repair, and optimization functions are now in PC TotalCare, the all-in-one PowerTool™ that provides a complete PC tune-up for overall performance improvements.
- PC Accelerator
New detection and optimization functions are added to PC Accelerator, the all-in-one PowerTool™ that speeds up web access, boot times, program functioning, and more.
- PC Repair
New detection and repair functions are added to PC Repair, the all-in-one PowerTool™ that can detect and fix hundreds of critical system problems.
- ActiveCare®
ActiveCare adds more automated tasks, enabling System Mechanic to automatically detect and repair more problems.
- System Guard®
System Guard®, the automatic system defense tool, has undergone several enhancements, including simplified functionality for enabling the feature and full compatibility with 64-bit machines.
- User interface
The System Mechanic interface is redesigned to allow for streamlined access to the program's expanded feature set.

Home Page - http://www.iolo.com/



VT result for the assistant
 
http://www.virustotal.com/file-scan/report.html?id=e016a623d21399e3b17f7380660030157b67a989b8b56aa9b066bffe4d5077d0-1313065808

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                             
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                            
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	
