The Jim Bohannon Show 11-Oct-11 CF mp3 32K
Commercial Free

Tuesday, October 11, 2011
On The Jim Bohannon Show...

There was another Republican Presidential candidates' debate tonight, the seventh of this already very active political season, and it came amid changed circumstances for many of the participants. For all of them there was the knowledge that former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin was staying out of the race. Texas governor Rick Perry's bandwagon hit some ruts in the road as businessman Herman Cain took his turn in the spotlight, garnering new interest from the voters and increased scrutiny from the media. Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney has shown increased vigor on the campaign trail, which was bolstered today by an endorsement from not-a-candidate Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey. Tonight's debate was seen as critical for Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann, whose early thunder has been stolen by Rick Perry. Also still out there is Texas Congressman Ron Paul, who recently won another straw poll, and other candidates like Jon Huntsman, Newt Gingrich, and Rick Santorum are still drawing crowds. We'll talk Presidential politics tonight with Dr. Sean Savage, professor of political science at St. Mary's College in Notre Dame, IN.

From the 1960s into the early 1970s there was no bigger female singing group than The Supremes. They went to number one on the pop charts 12 times, with such classics as "Baby Love," "Love Child," and "Where Did Our Love Go," and put eight more songs into the Top Ten, including "Up the Ladder to the Roof" and "Stoned Love." There were personnel changes during their great run, but one constant over the eighteen glory years of the group was founding member, Mary Wilson. She has gone on to a solo career as a jazz and blues singer and written a pair of books about her life with The Supremes (now available in a combined edition entitled "Dreamgirl and Supreme Faith: My Life as a Supreme" [in paperback from Cooper Square Press]). Wilson has also been lecturing across the nation: her "Dare to Dream" series focuses on reaching goals and triumphing over adversity. She has also made headlines for proposing a bill to ban impostor bands from performing under the names of 1950s and 1960s rock groups, including Motown groups such as The Marvelettes and, yes, The Supremes. The bill has now passed in 27 states. Ms. Wilson joins us to talk about a new DVD release: "The Best of the Supremes on The Ed Sullivan Show" (from Motown and SOFA Entertainment), which features the group's classic performances from 1965 until the Sullivan show left the air in 1971.
