

Remote Viewing Warnings
-----------------------
Date: 03-16-2011
Host: George Noory

Guests: Major Ed Dames, Dr. Louis Turi


Remote viewing teacher Major Ed Dames discussed his previous prediction of a major quake in Japan, and shared insights into forthcoming quakes, the solar 'Kill Shot,' and safe places to live. In a 2003 show with Art Bell, he predicted a massive earthquake would hit Japan and damage a nuclear reactor. (He was off on the year, which he told Art would be in late Spring, 2005.) He also shared this prediction with Japanese TV (http://www.learnrv.com/pop_videos/japan.cfm).

Dames and his team have remote viewed what he calls the "next, mass human death-causing earthquake,"-- something akin to what we just witnessed in Japan. Though he couldn't name a date, the site of this will be the New Madrid Fault and the Wabash Valley seismic zone (view image at http://www.coasttocoastam.com/photo/view/the-next-big-one/50881), and St. Louis, Missouri will be particularly hard hit with the most deaths, he declared, adding that we might even see the Mississippi River change its course. 

The solar 'Kill Shot,' which will cause the collapse of Earth's magnetic field and lead to huge power outages, will begin within the next couple of months, with dangerous activity from the sun continuing through late 2012, he outlined. According to Dames, the safest places in North America to deal with the disastrous upcoming earth changes include Alberta, Saskatchewan, parts of Manitoba, parts of east Oregon, Arizona, parts of New Mexico, the southern portion of the Appalachian Mountains, and an area west of the Great Lakes. He also updated his remote viewing project looking into the mysterious bird deaths around New Year's -- the cause of their deaths was indeed due to their disorientation brought on by fireworks, he said. 

Turi Predictions:
First hour guest, seer Louis Turi talked about the crisis in Japan, and its connection to the astrological 'Tail of the Dragon.' He shared predictions for the rest of this month: March 20-22nd is a "window of death," and March 28-30th will bring in even more shocking news, with the possibility of more tsunamis, quakes, and volcanoes -- as bad as the disastrous events in Japan, he warned. 

News guest, Linda Moulton Howe reported on radiation dangers from Japan during the first half-hour. 


Websites:
LearnRV.com
drturi.com

Book:
Tell Me What You See: Remote Viewing Cases from the World's Premier Psychic Spy



