File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:02

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1640 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.32 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Your Wildest Dreams" is a 1986 single by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues, and it was written by the band's lead guitarist Justin Hayward. The song was first released as a single, and was later released on the Moody Blues 1986 album The Other Side of Life. It was a top-10 hit in the United States, peaking at #9, which had not happened to a Moody Blues song since "Nights in White Satin". The song also became an Adult Contemporary number-one hit, and also charted at number two on the Mainstream Rock chart.

The Moody Blues' previous album, The Present, was relatively unsuccessful, although it did contain a couple of moderately successful singles. This caused the Moody Blues to lose some of their popularity among younger audiences. The success of "Your Wildest Dreams" reintroduced the Moody Blues to this younger audience, and their popularity was boosted even higher than before as a result.

With the band moving towards a more electronic sound, the Moody Blues relied less upon band member Ray Thomas and his flute skills—"Your Wildest Dreams" was one of the first singles not to feature Thomas at all—though Thomas would continue to be a major asset to the Moody Blues' concerts, as he would continue to play flute on their earlier songs, in addition to being a back-up vocalist.

The lyrics of "Your Wildest Dreams" tell the story of a man who is remembering his first love, and wonders if she remembers him the way he remembers her. "Your Wildest Dreams" was followed up by a sequel in 1988. The sequel is titled "I Know You're Out There Somewhere", and it appears on the Moody Blues album Sur la Mer.

A music video was also produced for "Your Wildest Dreams", which received a Billboard Video of the Year award. The video was frequently featured on MTV. The model in the video is Janet Spencer-Turner.

The Other Side of Life is the eleventh album by the rock band The Moody Blues. It contains the major hit, "Your Wildest Dreams," which, like "Nights in White Satin" before it, was a top-10 hit in the United States. It is the third album of the Patrick Moraz era, and the first for flautist and vocalist Ray Thomas not to play a major role. The music on this album marked the beginning of dominant synthesizer, sequencer, and drum machine use by the band, to the point that the entire album could be classified as a "synthpop" record; a surprising stylistic change for a band that had pioneered symphonic rock.

The Moody Blues are an English rock band. Among their innovations was a fusion with classical music, most notably in their 1967 album Days of Future Passed.

The Moody Blues have sold in excess of 70 million albums worldwide and have been awarded 14 platinum and gold discs. As of 2010 they remain active.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/