
Serif MoviePlus X5 Starter Edition 1.0.0.6

Serif MoviePlus X5 is the powerful digital video editing solution with easy-to-use tools and stunning studio-quality effects. Produce professional movies and burn the result to a DVD or Blu-ray Disc, or upload to the web to share with friends, family or the world. MoviePlus X5’s support for all common video file formats means it’s easy to start creating professional-looking movies in no time, regardless of whether you shoot video on a camcorder, pocket cam, digital camera, mobile phone or any other device. Two editing modes offer an easy or advanced approach to movie-making: Storyboard mode is an easy-to-use workspace for visualising scenes, great for producing simple projects and slideshows and Timeline mode offers advance control and precision, allowing media to be arranged over unlimited tracks. Enjoy your memories in the highest quality when you import, edit and export HD video. MoviePlus X5 supports AVCHD™ and HDV™ formats and works great with full HD 1080, 50p and 60p recordings.

Burn HD movies straight to Blu-ray Disc or take advantage of AVCHD export to burn HD video to a DVD. If you want to share HD video online, MoviePlus X5 includes the H.264 codec for creating compressed MPEG 4 files.

Trim videos without deleting any part of your source video files and accurately change video and audio properties with keyframeable effects, transitions, video motion and much more. Complex productions may need video, audio and effects tracks, often on a single timeline. MoviePlus X5 gives you an unlimited amount of tracks on the timeline so you can add as many elements as you want to your movie. Produce professional picture-in-picture effects or tile multiple videos together to show additional visuals in one dynamic scene. Enjoy a rich cinematic experience with a range of effects and adjustments to enhance your movie’s audio, along with support for Dolby™ Digital Stereo.

There are over 100 effects, such as old film or romantic diffuse glow, to enhance videos. And MoviePlus X5 provides over 80 customizable transitions that will impress viewers too, including cross-fade, wipe, blur and 3D flip. Put your actors onto any background with quality chroma keying (green screening) and add captions, titles and credits with a variety of professional text styles. Bring words to life using animation presets and superimpose any transparent image onto your videos. Make adjustments to lighting and colour balance, reduce video noise and remove unwanted camera movements, plus more, all with MoviePlus X5.

Burn your movies direct to Blu-ray Disc, DVD, VCD and SVCD, and create ISOs, all within MoviePlus X5 – no other software is required! Give DVDs and Blu-ray Discs a navigable, animated menu. Choose from an impressive range of highly-customisable and stylish templates or create one from scratch using your own background. Viewers can easily jump to any scene in your movie. Video thumbnails provide a link to chapter markers and scene shortcuts so you can preview a scene before selection.

The amazing and easy-to-use MoviePlus X5 from Serif makes editing and sharing videos simple, so you don’t need to be an expert to create a great video. You can easily import video files from anywhere and the editing tools and effects help you to create the movie you want. It’s the ideal software for creating and sharing any type of movie, from stylish wedding DVDs to fun home movies and YouTube clips, MoviePlusX5 is the only software you need.

This all-in-one movie editing studio performs great in Windows 7, Vista, & XP and smart processing means that you can even edit HD movies on older PCs.

Home Page - http://www.serif.com/movieplus/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                           
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                          
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		