Acoustica Mixcraft v5.2 build 151
 
http://www.acoustica.com/images-new/products/mixcraft-pro-studio/MPS5-screenshot-large.jpg

Mixcraft Pro Studio 5 is an award-winning, feature rich multi-track recording studio that enables you to record audio, arrange loops, remix tracks, compose with virtual instruments, score and edit video, and add effects to create stunningly professional compositions.
Compare 	Support 	Upgrade
Mixcraft Pro Studio 5 is an incredibly powerful complete Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) package, featuring unlimited audio, MIDI, and aux send tracks, support for 32-bit 192 kHz pro audio recording and playback, and over 3300 professional quality music loops and sound effects. Add unlimited audio, MIDI, and video clips, VST and DirectX effects, VSTi instruments, automation of every effect and instrument parameter, and mix your project down to multiple formats (including MP3) or burn your finished mix directly to CD.
 
This incredible collection of instruments and effects turns Mixcraft 5 into a truly cutting-edge DAW. Unlike most DAWs, however, Mixcraft 5 is easy to learn, easy to use.

Website:  http://www.acoustica.com/mixcraft-pro-studio/

Also included in Mixcraft Pro Studio 5 

ME80
ME80 Vintage Analog Synthesizer - Incredibly realistic recreation of the Yamaha CS80 analog synthesizer, among the most powerful and coveted analog synthesizers ever made. This amazing recreation supports polyphonic aftertouch (just like the original) and has the same rich creamy tone as the original. Watch a video tutorial »

Analog Synthesizer
Memorymoon Analog Synthesizer - No synthesizer in history has ever sounded more massive than the legendary Moog Memorymoog, and Memorymoon perfectly captures the enormous analog sound of the classic original. Loaded with presets and knobs, this 3-oscillator polyphonic powerhouse will blow you away.
Watch a video tutorial »

Pianissimo Virtual Grand Piano
Acoustica Pianissimo Virtual Grand Piano - High quality, award winning grand piano featuring 250MB of Steinway Model D piano samples combined with powerful piano modeling technology. Watch a demo »

FSQ1964
G-Sonique FSQ1964 Transient Vitaliser - This powerful mastering tool adds sweet high frequencies, analog colors, crystal and transparent transients, and boldness to any mix. FSQ1964 adds life and sparkle to even the most basic tracks, so they pop out of your speakers with the crisp modern sound heard on today's chart-topping records.

G-Sonique XBass 4000L Analog Bass
G-Sonique XBass 4000L Analog Bass Enhancer - XBass 4000L adds the warm, fat bass tone found in vintage tube circuits to your projects. XBass 4000L combines two unique algorithms to enhance the bass spectrum of your tracks, adding emphasis to the audible bass content, enriching the bass and sub-bass spectrum, and boosting the higher harmonic frequencies.

G-Sonique Dubmaster Liquid Delay
G-Sonique Dubmaster Liquid Delay - This intense delay effect goes far beyond the limits of traditional delays. Dubmaster combines tempo-synced rhythmic liquid delay with powerful LFO-driven filtering and phase effects to add atmosphere and a unique sound to your tracks. 


Installation Info:
1)run setup
2)don't start it up yet close it
3)open patch and click in middle of it and it will do stuff and when it says OK 
on bottom left lil box its done. 
4)if a Antivirus catches the patch check your Quarentine area and restore and exclude from scanning
and or temporarly shut off AV.
i tested it and is not a bad patch or trojaned up its safe 
some av's will catch it because its a patch 
5)Enjoy from Slickinator


