Lightroom Overview

Lightroom software provides a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from powerfully simple one-click adjustments and features to cutting edge advanced controls. With Lightroom, you can organize, enhance, and showcase your images all from one fast and nimble application that\\\'s available on Macintosh and Windows® platforms.

    Get the highest possible quality from every pixel in your images using state-of-the-art editing tools.
    Easily showcase your work to friends, family, and clients. Craft elegant photo books and share your photographs on social networks or in web galleries, slideshows, prints, and more.
    Manage your entire photo collection in a visual library that makes it quick and easy to organize, find, and select your images.

Introducing Lightroom 4 Beta

Lightroom 4 beta builds on the vision of the very first Lightroom beta. From day 1, Lightroom was designed for photographers and by photographers to help them focus on what they love—the art and craft of photography. Lightroom provides photographers with an elegant and efficient way to work with their growing digital image collections, bring out the best in their images, and make an impact from raw capture to creative output, all while maintaining the highest possible quality each step of the way.
Download and Discuss

    Download Lightroom 4 betaDownload Lightroom 4 beta
    Discuss Lightroom 4 betaDiscuss Lightroom 4


For the development of this latest release, we\\\'ve focused on further maximizing image quality and expanding output options. New tools let you extract more detail from highlights and shadows, make a wider range of targeted adjustments, and easily share your images and video clips on social media and photo sharing sites.
New Features in Lightroom 4 Beta

    Highlight and shadow recovery brings out all the detail that your camera captures in dark shadows and bright highlights.
    Photo book creation with easy-to-use elegant templates.
    Location-based organization lets you find and group images by location, assign locations to images, and display data from GPS-enabled cameras.
    White balance brush to refine and adjust white balance in specific areas of your images.
    Additional local editing controls let you adjust noise reduction and remove moiré in targeted areas of your images.
    Extended video support for organizing, viewing, and making adjustments and edits to video clips.
    Easy video publishing lets you edit and share video clips on Facebook and Flickr®.
    Soft proofing to preview how an image will look when printed with color-managed printers.
    Email directly from Lightroom using the email account of your choice.

The Lightroom 4 beta program is available to the public. Anyone with an Internet connection can download it and start putting it to the test. You do not need to own (or have tried) a previous version of Lightroom. You can download the beta and use it until the product expires on March 31, 2012.