 http://www.filebuzz.com/software_screenshot/full/246842-Able_Extract_Professional.jpg

Enjoy all the features of Able2Extract version 7.0 PLUS the ability to convert text from scanned and image PDFs into Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and more using leading edge conversion and OCR technology. PDF to Autocad, PDF to Publisher and XPS conversions are also included.

Able2Extract Professional 7.0 adds scanned (image) PDF conversion capabilities to the Able2Extract 7.0 feature set. For users working with documents that are paper based and need to be scanned or, have already been saved as image PDFs, Able2Extract Professional is the choice.

What’s New in Able2Extract Professional 7?

Able2Extract Professional 7 is all new with our biggest overhaul yet. We’ve taken Able2Extract Professional and improved it in almost every way. Two years in the making, it is perhaps our biggest improvement in our product to date. From our totally new interface to the new and improved conversion outputs, here is a taste of what the new Able2Extract Professional can do:

Newly Designed Interface

The improvement that all users will notice immediately on opening Able2Extract Professional is that our graphical user interface has received a makeover. We have streamlined our toolbar to ensure an easier and less confusing experience, such as simplified selection options.

We have added new toolbar features and PDF conversion processes that make viewing, selecting and converting PDF documents simpler and more efficient.

New and Improved Conversions

All of our major PDF conversion options have received attention and the result is better, faster and more accurate conversions. We have increased custom options for power users who want granular control over their conversion process.

Our flagship PDF to Excel conversion has a redesigned custom conversion feature which gives users of version 7 the ability to not only designate vertical column structure but also horizontal row structure. This will ensure maximum conversion accuracy for difficult PDF tables.

For those converting from PDF to Word, we have made output improvements post conversion and we have also added new custom graphics and text manipulation features that will give users even better control over their conversions into Word.

Our PDF to PowerPoint conversion has been completely rebuilt. The result is a faster conversion process and much better conversion output quality when converting PDF documents into the popular presentation format.

Finally, Able2Extract Professional 7 has added a new PDF to Publisher conversion that allows users to convert their PDF documents into formatted .pub files where they can be edited in the powerful. This will especially valuable for users working with legacy publisher documents that were previously unusable in PDF.

Performance Enhancements

Able2Extract Professional 7 features a number of under the hood performance enhancements that makes it work faster and work better for more of our users. Off the top, we’ve cut down the download size and overall size of Able2Extract Professional. This is a remarkable feat given that we have added new features. This just goes to show our developers’ commitment to offering a bloatware free experience for all our valued users.

The new version also adds support for non-unicode font types. This will be especially valuable for our Chinese, Japanese and Korean users which have many fonts that are non-unicode based. It will also be of benefit to our Arab and Greek users when converting their PDF files in their native languages.

Compatible with Windows 7 and Office 2010

It has been a big year for Microsoft, with the release of Windows 7 and Office 2010. We have been testing Able2Extract Professional with Windows 7 and Office 2010 together and independently and we have been rigorously testing Able2Extract with both new software programs. We are pleased to announce that our testing has produced no issues with either.


Features List:

Convert PDF to Excel and retain the row/column structure of the PDF table within Excel.
One click of a button converts PDF files into formatted excel spreadsheets quickly and easily.
Convert Image (scanned) PDFs into formatted Excel spreadsheets.
The PDF to Excel conversion options supports a variety of different languages, including English, French, Spanish and German, to name just a few.
The PDF to Excel conversion is done effortlessly through our easy to use user interface.
Converting from PDF to Excel will preserve your page layout. You can view all the PDF pages in one Excel workbook or, in the alternative, one PDF page per Excel workbook.
The PDF to Excel conversion feature of Able2Extract is not a plug-in. It does not require any Adobe® software product, such as Acrobat®, to view and convert the PDF.
The PDF to Excel conversion output supports most Windows and Office platforms, including - 98/ME/NT/2000/XP.
An option in the PDF to Excel conversion lets users select whether to replicate the font of the PDF or not.
PDF to Excel converters can choose the custom Excel feature and designate their own columns.
Custom PDF to Excel conversions can be saved with the new template saving capability.
Our PDF viewer is included so you can see what you are converting from PDF to Excel!
Convert to Excel and it will save as an XLS file.
Get more control from the Custom PDF to Excel conversion option.
Convert PDF to Word and preserve the original layout of your PDF in an editable Word document.
Convert Image (scanned) PDFs to editable Word documents.
Several PDF to Word conversion options are available. Complex PDF to Word conversion - preserve the originality of converted the PDF to Word by identifying paragraphs, text labels, graphics, tables, and flow of columns etc. and then replicating it within Microsoft Word. Simple PDF to Word conversion - converts text from the PDF to Word document without the graphics.
PDF to Word variety – convert PDF to Rich Text Format (RTF) or Word, it is up to you! The PDF to RTF feature allows users to convert large documents faster than the PDF to Word option.
PDF to Word Efficiency and Selectivity. Pinpoint selection ability. Since you can see what you select, there is no need to transfer whole documents or even whole pages at a time. Take one line of text if you want!
The PDF to Word conversion is processed at a very high speed.
PDF to Word conversion size options – Convert the whole document, a range of pages, one page or a portion of a page – it is your choice!
PDF to Word output supports most Windows and Office platforms - 98/ME/NT/2000/XP.
Our PDF viewer is included so you can see what you pages or portions of a page you are converting from PDF to Word!
Choose your PDF to Word output format – Both .Doc and .RTF output formats are supported.
Convert PDF to PowerPoint (PPT) and improve your presentations.
See what you are converting. Our proprietary PDF viewer lets you view your PDFs just as you would with Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Retain PDF graphics in HTML.
Text from PDF is available in HTML.
Convert PDF to Image formats
Convert PDF to TIFF
Convert PDF to JPEG
Convert PDF to GIF
Convert PDF to BMP
Convert PDF to PNG
Our PDF viewer lets you view your PDF documents at different sizes by zooming in and zooming out.
Rotate landscaped PDFs to portrait view for easier viewing and converting
Convert HTML pages into Excel spreadsheets for easy data analysis.
Convert HTML to editable Word documents
HTML can be converted to Text with Able2Extract Professional
Convert Text documents into formatted Excel spreadsheets.
Convert Text documents to .doc and .rtf format
Text files can be transported into HTML files.
Simple PDF to Text (.txt) conversion comes included.
PDF to HTML conversion for use on web pages comes included.
Select your PDF using a variety of options, including: using the mouse, by selecting all on page, by selecting a page range.
Able2Extract Professional converts both PDF and XPS documents
Converts XPS to Word
Convert XPS to Excel
Convert XPS to PowerPoint
Convert PDF to Publisher
Our XPS conversion has the ability to handle and convert scanned XPS documents
Control over Image based and non-image based conversions. Perfect for situations in which the PDF for conversion is a blend of image PDF and native PDF pages.
Get pinpoint conversion accuracy that allows you to convert any portion of a page that your require. No need to convert a whole page at a time if it is not required.
Convert PDF to the DWG (drawing), the format used for storing two and three dimensional design data and metadata. Used in CAD programs.
PDF to DXF conversion. Autodesk DXF (drawing interchange format) is the format adopted by Autodesk to ensure data interoperability between Autodesk and other formats.
PDF to ODT format for use in Open Office Writer (the MS Word equivalent)
PDF to ODS format for us in Open Office Calc (the MS Excel equivalent)
PDF to ODP for use in Open Office Impress (the MS PowerPoint equivalent)
Easy batch conversion of PDF documents into other output formats such as Word, Excel and PowerPoint and the other available conversion formats.
Right click attachment PDF conversion integration in MS Outlook.
Support Unicode and Non-Unicode fonts
Convert Arabic, Cyrillic and Asian language character PDFs
Graphics control options during the conversion process
Header and footer custom control features


System Requirements:

Operating System: Windows 98, ME, Windows NT 4.0, 2000, XP, Vista, 7
Additional Software: Microsoft Office 2000, 2002/XP, 2003, 2007, 2010
Processor: Intel Pentium 133 MHZ processor, or equivalent
Hard Drive Space: 40MB of available hard-disk space
Memory: 256MB RAM
Monitor: VGA 2MB of Video Memory

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

see this software review how its works
