 http://science.discovery.com/tv/dark-matters/

John Noble (plays Walter Bishop in the TV series Fringe) hosts and explores some of history's strangest and most controversial scientific experiments that have ever been tried.


These episodes:

Episode 1:

The Philadelphia Experiment, Ape-Man Army, Zapped to Death

The Philadelphia Experiment -- UFO investigator Morris Jessup received a letter in 1956 claiming the Navy conducted a test in teleportation and

invisibility during WWII. The experiment supposedly made the USS Eldridge temporarily disappear.
Ape-Man Army -- Early in the 20th century, Soviet scientist Dr. Ilya Ivanov experimented in cross breeding humans with apes. His goal was an army of

soldiers as smart as humans, but as strong as gorillas.
Zapped to Death -- Thomas Edison's efforts to gain the upper hand in the electrification of America including gruesome publicity stunts like

electrocuting an elephant to death and developing the electric chair.


Episode 2:

I Have Einstein's Brain, Unidentified Flying Nazis, Killer Thoughts

I Have Einstein's Brain -- Dr. Thomas Harvey, the pathologist conducting Albert Einstein's autopsy makes off with the brain to uncover the secrets of

his genius.
Unidentified Flying Nazi -- A mysterious glowing object shoots across the sky in 1955, coming to rest in Kecksburg, Pennsylvania. The military closes

off the area to investigate. It may have been a UFO, a meteor, or a Nazi Germany weapon.
Killer Thoughts -- A cold war arms race develops between the U.S. and U.S.S.R. to develop psychic spying and weapons.


Episode 3:

Sexy Secret Agent, Full Body Transplant, Honey I Nuked the Planet

Sexy Secret Agent --
Full Body Transplant --
Honey I Nuked the Planet --


Episode 4:

It's Alive!, Tripping with Uncle Sam, My Hand is Killing Me

It's Alive! -- The original Dr. Frankenstein was scientist Giovanni Aldini who used electricity to reanimate dead animals and severed limbs. To the

delight and horror of London scientists, he stages his biggest experiment on the just-hanged body of murderer George Foster.
Tripping with Uncle Sam -- A researcher discovers a link between the CIA's experiments with LSD and a French village where, in 1951, 250 residents

went insane in a matter of three days.
My Hand is Killing Me -- A scientist in 1908 investigates the strange case of a woman who's being attacked by her own left hand. It has a mind of its

own in a condition later named alien hand syndrome. 


Enjoy and Seed!!