Que decir de Joe Strummer, sino gracias Joe.
Original Title: Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten Title: 
Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten 
General Information:
Genre: Documentary 
Year: 2007 
Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0800099/ 
IMDB Rating: 7.6/10 
Source: DVD5 
Menus: Untouched 
Extras: Untouched 
Length: 123 min. 
Bitrate: 9100 kbps 
Tags: joe strummer, mescaleros, the clash, punk, documentary, julian temple 

Video Information:
 Video Type: PAL 
Aspect Ratio: 16:9 
Audio Information: 
Audio Format: Russian2.0, English 2.0 
Languages: Russian, English 
Subtitles: Spanish custom 
Description: 
Source Amazon, 
Julien Temple, one of the early documentarians of the London punk scene and director of the 2000 Sex Pistols film The Filth and the Fury, turns his attention now to that other seminal British band: The Clash--or more accurately, to the band\'s co-founder, lyricist, rhythm guitarist and lead singer, Joe Strummer. The Future is Unwritten is more than just a biography of Strummer; it is a tribute and exploration of a musician, artist and devoted humanist. Though Temple respects and admires Strummer (his influence is exalted by close friends, peers and fans like Bono and John Cusack), he doesn\'t romanticize this larger-than-life personality and presents Strummer honestly and not always in flattering light, though the director\'s fondness for his subject is constant. Most movingly, Strummer himself provides the narration via reassembled excerpts from a variety of interviews and the BBC radio show he hosted during the nineties. In the wrong hands, this could be contrived, but in this masterful documentary it serves as a testament to not just Joe Strummer the myth, but Joe Strummer the man, telling us his story in vivid detail. The Future is Unwritten is a moving and personal portrait of a musician who helped shaped not just punk, but modern music as a whole. 

Additional Information: 

Extra Info: Director: Julien Temple Stars: Joe Strummer, Steve Jones and Mick Jones 

Extra Info: Feel free to upload this film everywhere you can or want. Co-seeding is always welcome. As it was used to be said... 

Universal Declaration of Human Rights Article 19 Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.