The Vampire Diaries(5 Books)- Lisa Jane Smith,pdf,mobi


The Vampire Diaries is a young adult vampire horror series of novels written by L. J. Smith. The story centers around Elena Gilbert, a high school girl torn between two vampire brothers. The series was originally a trilogy published in 1991, but pressure from readers led Smith to write a fourth volume, Dark Reunion, which was released the following year. The first four novels in the original series: The Awakening, The Struggle, The Fury and Dark Reunion all feature Stefan Salvatore and Elena Gilbert as the main protagonists. The first three novels in the original series are from both Stefan and Elena's point of view, but the last book in the original series, Dark Reunion, is from Bonnie McCullough's point of view.
 
After taking a hiatus from writing for several years, L. J. Smith announced in 2007 a new spin-off trilogy entitled The Vampire Diaries: The Return, continuing the series, with Damon as the main protagonist. The first installment, Nightfall, was released on February 10, 2009. Shadow Souls was released on March 16, 2010. The final book of the trilogy called Midnight was released on March 15, 2011.
 
The trilogy after The Return trilogy, The Hunters. The new trilogy will not be written by L. J. Smith, but by a ghostwriter. L. J. signed a contract that said "work for hire", meaning Alloy owned the series, not her. Alloy fired Smith for unknown reasons (presumably because they did not like the direction she was taking the story that she started) and replaced her with a ghostwriter. Smith had originally intended to call the books in The Hunters trilogy Phantom, Moonsong and Eternity, but she retained the name Eternity after she was fired and will be writing a book unrelated to the series called Eternity: A Vampire Love Story. It is unknown what the third book in The Hunters trilogy will be called by the ghostwriter. The new trilogy will go back to featuring Stefan and Elena as the main characters. It will focus on Stefan and Elena in college. Phantom was released on October 25, 2011. Moonsong will be released on March 13, 2012.


Enjoy!