 http://bayimg.com/BAcoEAaDj

The Butcher (2009) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0997038/

  Eric Roberts  ...  Merle Hench  
  Robert Davi  ...  Murdoch  
  Keith David  ...  Larry Cobb  
  Geoffrey Lewis  ...  Naylor  
  Irina Björklund  ...  Jackie  
  Paul Dillon  ...  Doyle  
  Jerry Trimble  ...  Eddie Hellstrom  
  Michael Ironside  ...  Teddy Carmichael  
  Bokeem Woodbine  ...  Chinatown Pete  
  Guillermo Díaz  ...  Owen Geiger  
  Julie Carmen  ...  Rose  

There's a mob guy, he gets sold out, he kills everyone. There's no envelope-pushing storytelling at work here, but this isn't a plot-driven picture. The Butcher is a straight-arrow gun movie, which turns on the axis of its main character. Both of these ingredients—the action and the antihero—work well, more than compensating for the facile narrative.

Start with Roberts, who is onscreen constantly. This isn't a film where we get a look at the inner workings and nuance of the bad guys' criminal syndicate; it's all Merle all the time, and his foes are purely walking, talking bullet magnets. Writer/director Jesse Johnson isn't interested in giving both sides of the story. He's content to hang his hat on Eric Roberts and keep the camera almost entirely focused on him throughout. It's a good choice, because Roberts is a ball-buster here. What he may lack in agility and youth, the guy makes up for with a snarling tough guy demeanor and awesomely well-managed hair. The dude is just cool in this movie, a big win because the whole enterprise would have floundered with a limp antihero.

Part 2 is the action, and friends, it is glorious. While not acrobatic, high-flying, or particularly inventive, the gunplay is still a sight to behold. Johnson has gone all-out with what was surely a modest budget, producing some hard-nosed "realistic" mayhem. It's all gun-based, with no CGI to be seen. The blood flows like tributaries of the Mississippi and it's loud. Really, really, really loud. The big ending features Merle taking on the entirety of the syndicate in a bar shootout and the violence is through the roof—exploding heads, gushing throat punctures, blown-off appendages, sucking chest wounds, brain matter flying in slow motion, it's all here.

