Webb Wilder
Doo Dad


Label: Zoo/Praxis/BMG
Released: 1991
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 395 MB
Format: FLAC





The Band

There are roots-rockers and then there's Webb Wilder. The self-proclaimed "Last Of The Full Grown Men" is large enough for the big screen, hip enough to star in cult classic B movies, and tough enough to maintain a devoted worldwide fan base through a relentless never ending tour schedule. Doo Dad, released in 1991, is classic Webb Wilder, an exciting blend of bedrock roadhouse rockers and bittersweet ballads incorporating the roots-rock influences and irreverent attitude and wit that informs Webb's music.
As Gibson Guitar magazine put it, "For over 20 years, Wilder has mined rock 'n' roll's most hallowed ground, but unlike so many others, he has approached it all with a rare irreverence and wit. His self-effacing persona - a tongue-in-cheek 1950's noir character, equal parts high school principal, tent preacher, and private detective - gives Wilder's music a sense of fun and imagination often lacking among his peers."

A native of Hattiesburg, Mississippi, Wilder moved to Austin, Texas in 1976 with his boyhood friend Bobby "Crow" Field. While many other proponents of American roots music simply stopped at Elvis and Chuck Berry, Wilder's music incorporated a British Invasion influence that further separated it from the pack. After moving to Nashville Wilder and Field formed the Beatnecks in 1985. As Nashville moved toward unapologetically commercial fare, Wilder and Field were busy crafting their signature brand of rock 'n' roll, founded on the classic influences from both sides of the pond.

Wilder's debut, It Came From Nashville, a brazenly rocking bar-band rave-up, seems even more unlikely now than it must have seemed then. His subsequent studio albums (Hybrid Vigor, Doo Dad, Town & Country, Acres of Suede, and About Time), have continually maintained the high standard set by the first, becoming textbooks for aspiring roots rockers. Wilder has without interruption continued to play the various styles of uneasy listening that got him noticed in the first place.



The Album


This album was one of those pleasant surprises - where you buy an album for a single and end up loving every song. The sound is hybrid rockabilly - a blend of hard driving rock with homey lyrics and a lot of rich steel guitar. You find yourself thinking that you are listening to a really good club band because a level of personality and originality comes across that is lacking from so many "commercial" acts nowadays. This is not to say that the music is unfinished or underproduced - the entire album comes across as a very clever, polished product. 
Songs like "Tough It Out", "Baby Please Don't Go" and "Meet Your New Landlord" stand out, as does the instrumental "Sputnik". 


Personnel

Webb Wilder: vocals, guitars 
Donny Roberts: guitars, vocals 
Rich Ruth: bass, vocals 
Les James: drums, vocals 


Additional Personnel

Drums: R.S. Field, Craig Kramph, Greg Morrow 
Bass: Scott Baggett, Rick Price, Glen Worf 
Zoom Bass: George Bradfute 
Guitars: Jimmy Crespo, R.S. Field, Kenny Greenberg, Sonny Landreth, Bill Lloyd 
Keyboards: "The" Al Kooper, Scott Baggett, R.S. Field, Gregg Wetzel 
Horn Arrangements and Saxophones: Jim Hoke 
Percussion Noise: R.S. Field, Dave McNair 
Background Vocals: Scott Baggett, R.S. Field, Sonny Landreth 
Sputnik Transmission: Suzy Elkins


Track Listing

1. HooDoo Witch 6:35   
2. Tough It Out 3:54   
3. Meet Your New Landlord 3:59   
4. Sittin' Pretty 4:11    
5. Big Time 4:18   
6. Sputnik 3:17    
7. Run With It 4:48   
8. King Of The Hill 4:53  
9. Everyday (I Kick Myself) 4:00   
10. The Rest (Will Take Care Of Itself) 4:25   
11. Baby Please Don't Go 4:47  
12. I Had To Much To Dream (Last Night) 4:04 
