QuarkXPress v9.1 Multilingual - Team Rjaa


Technical Data

QuarkXPress v9.1 Multilanguage

749 MB | Incl Spanish | NFO

Description

Few programs can boast of having dominated for so long an industry such as QuarkXPress. Formerly a market leader in desktop publishing, back at it again with its eighth release.



To maintain a familiar look QuarkXPress main window follows the same philosophy of the previous versions, with a working area equipped with rules and floating palettes.



Images and text boxes can be positioned very precisely, with a property panel that allows quick modification of the attributes. Other panels QuarkXPress layers grouped viewer and color, and style sheets and image effects.



Most important changes to QuarkXPress are under the hood. The documents can be exported to Flash, and more than thirty dictionaries ensure the correctness of the text in multiple languages.



QuarkXPress is a layout and design tool very intuitive and robust. Greater integration with Adobe tools and subtle changes in the interface will help you regain lost ground.



News

One of the most outstanding features of QuarkXPress 9 is the APP Studio publishing system that allows publishing content on the iPhone directly without the designers have expertise in programming. at the same time include support for QuarkXPress 9 Blio e-reader, a platform for creating e-books in a comfortable, so that later they can be sold in formats tailored to different readers available (and from the store Blio books in collaboration with Baker & Taylor).



This new version has focused on the convergence between different media in which it can output the same product, with special attention to mobile devices. Therefore, many new tools such as Conditional Styles, marks the final appearance of design in accordance with certain rules or ShapeMaker, creating complex forms and shapes, quickly, are two of the best letters of introduction from QuarkXpress 9.



Some of the enhanced features in QuarkXPress 9 are: automation features for designing and printing of periodicals, as well as for the Web, interactive content in Flash format (SWF).



Raymond Schiavone, Quark CEO: "Today, it is necessary to publish more content on more channels." Thus, QuarkXPress 9, will have capacity for self-publishing from print, web and handheld digital devices more popular (Tablets, smartphones and e-book readers).

Requirements

Software



Microsoft ® Windows ® XP (Service Pack 2 or 3), Windows Vista ® 1.0, or Windows 7

Microsoft. NET Framework 3.5 SP1

Tested on Citrix



Hardware



2GB RAM (1GB minimum)

1GB hard disk space
