,
  Hottest scene tracker on the net !!!   http://www.scenetime.com
 
         Please seed back after your download is completed

           Credit goes  to all seeders and  http://www.scenetime.com
 



...................................NFO:.................................................
                                
                              
                             
                            
                            
                           
                               
                                
                                     
                            
                              
                          
                        
                                    
                                             
                                                   
                                         
                                      
                                   
                                   
                                       
                                             
                                            
                                
                           
                       
                
            
          !h8     
           
            
            
              
          
             
                     
           sMACk YOUr        
                                                 
                      sISTER pRESENTs...                

        Ricky.Gervais.Out.of.England.2.The.Stand-Up.Special.HDTV.XviD-SYS

                        
                           
                                         
     
           
                                                         
                                                      
                                                                      


         .release date[ 12/25/10            .res[ 624x352
         .air date[ 12/24/10            .fps[ 29.970
         .genre[ Comedy              .region[ NTSC

         .link[ http://www.hbo.com


                 
                       
                                   
      
     
                                                                       
       Two-time Emmy - and Golden Globe Award-winning acto              -
       r/comedian/writer/director Ricky Gervais stars in an all-new      
        follow-up to his acclaimed 2008 HBO stand-up special, Ricky
        Gervais: Out of England - The Stand-Up Special. Taped before a
        live audience at the Chicago Theatre in Chicago, Ricky Gervais:
        Out Of England 2 - The Stand-Up Special will feature brand-new
        material and will showcase Gervais' signature humor and high-
        spirited, offbeat observations. As in his previous special, the
        show will include Gervais' unique takes on a variety of
        disparate (and often politically incorrect) issues, including:
        acts of God, the recession, the problem with heroin, fat people,
        famine in Africa, animal homosexuality, the story of Noah's Ark,
        and more.

        ABOUT RICKY GERVAIS

        After graduating from London University with a degree in
        philosophy, Gervais had a brief stint in a pop band before a
        longer one at a students' union, where he first started
        developing material for The Office and the first incarnation of
        David Brent, a character then called "Seedy Boss." Following a
        marketing job at London radio station XFM (where he was later
        offered his own show), Gervais and his former assistant, Stephen
        Merchant, collaborated on a project set in Ricky's old office.
        Ricky became a regular contributor on for Channel 4's satirical
        The Eleven O'Clock Show, and was soon presenting his own chat
        show for the network, Meet Ricky Gervais. Then, Gervais and
        Merchant created The Office, which became a huge hit on the BBC,
        spawning the acclaimed (and still-running) U.S. version, and
        winning a slew of prestigious awards, including two Golden
        Globes, six BAFTAs, four British Comedy Awards and the
        prestigious Peabody Award.

        Gervais' film credits include the upcoming Cemetery Junction, as
        well as The Invention of Lying, Ghost Town, Night at the Museum
        and For Your Consideration. Gervais is also the only British
        actor to write and star in an episode of The Simpsons.

        Last January, Gervais became the first master of ceremonies to
        host the Golden Globes since 1995, and will return as host in
        2011. He was subsequently named on Time magazine's list of The
        World's Most Influential People, and more recently received the
        Sir Peter Ustinov Award for Comedy at the 2010 Banff World
        Television Festival.
                            
                                 
                                                  
      
            
                                                     
                                                 
                                                                      

      We know who we are, where we came from, and why we're here. Do you?
	
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                   
     
             
                                 
                        
       ascii!h8/HOA   SYS'2o10
                      
                          
                                       
                    tHrEE                aND    
                            tHOUSAND   rELEASES       cOUNTiN