ACDSee Photo Manager is a comprehensive application ideal for acquiring, organizing, viewing, enhancing and sharing your images. With the image browser, you can find, organize, and preview images and media files on your computer, and you can efficiently acquire images from digital cameras, scanners, and other devices. A full-featured image viewer and media player quickly generates high-quality displays of your images and media files. You can run slide shows, play embedded audio, and display multiple page images. ACDSee supports over 100 image and multimedia file formats. Also, includes a wide variety of image editing tools you can use to create, edit and touch-up your digital images. Use tools such as red-eye reduction, crop, sharpen, blur, and embos to enhance or correct your images. Image management tools, such as exposure adjustment, convert, resize, rename and rotate, can be performed on multiple files at the same time. The user interface is completely customizable and provides quick access to tools and features.
 


Choose from more than 20 special effect filters to add some dazzle to your images, including the latest Orton, Lomo and Collage effects. Preview the results of each effect on your photo before selecting the one you prefer. Adjust a specific area or the entire photo. Your original photos are always saved, so go ahead and experiment!

Create custom categories, add descriptive keywords, edit EXIF and IPTC metadata, and assign ratings to your photos. Tag images with one click and bring them all together for further editing or sharing. You can even organize your photos as you import them from your camera or storage device, saving you even more time. New Color labelling capability takes you to a whole new level of visual tagging and image organization.

Find and organize your photos by location with new Map view and geotagging support. Instantly view the location of images from GPS-enabled cameras, or quickly add location information yourself. Finding, viewing, and selecting images is as easy as zooming in on the map and clicking the marker to select all the photos you shot at that location.

Bring together over 100 file types into one convenient place. View, manage and get extensive format support for your photos, audio and video clips including BMP, GIF, JPG, PNG, PSD, MP3, MPEG, TIFF, WAV and many others. View your files quickly by setting ACDSee as the default program to open these types of files. Take a look at the complete list of supported file formats.

What's New in ACDSee 14:
A host of new features make ACDSee 14 the most complete, most powerful photo editing and management solution for home or business. Quickly and easily manage your growing collection of images, get them looking their absolute best, and share with friends, family and the world.
• Map view and Geotagging Support
Find and organize your photos by location with new Map view and geotagging support. Instantly view the location of images from GPS-enabled cameras, or quickly add location information yourself. Finding, viewing, and selecting images is as easy as zooming in on the map and clicking the marker to select all the photos you shot at that location.
• Custom Metadata Panel
A new metadata panel includes custom views, letting you see only the data that’s meaningful and to you.
• New Special Effects
Quickly and easily apply a range of pre-set special effects including:
- New Collage Effect to creatively display your photo in a collage of prints.
- New Orton Effect to give an ethereal, pastel-like touch to your portraits and landscapes.
- New Lomo Effect to produce an edgy, retro feel.
- Choose from more than 20 special effect filters to add some dazzle to your images.
• Color Labels
Color labelling capability takes you to a whole new level of visual tagging and image organization.
• Do more in the cloud
Your free ACDSee Online account is your personal space in the cloud to store, manage and share your images, now including RAW format files. You can now email photo albums, post albums on facebook, and Tweet links to your albums with just a few clicks. Upload local files conveniently using Sync to Web folders to conveniently send your best work to your free ACDSee Online account.
• Drawing Tools
Grab the Pencil tool to draw freehand, or select from lines, curves or shapes to call attention to specific aspects of an image, or add subtle or dramatic drawing effects using the new Drawing tools palette.
 
Homepage - http://www.acdsee.com

torrent content :

trial english version only + CORE keygen
(Be aware : keygen works only with english version.)

tested and working like a charm.

Tips :

before all,disconnect from internet  !
install trial version offline !
use serial by Core keygen and activate all still offline !
after what,all should be ok so.
If you have any problem,please,feel free to post your feedback here below and
i will try my best to help you.

Enjoy and best regards