Movie Subtitles.Croatian.Danish.English.Indonesian.Portuguese.Romanian.Spanish

Kate Reddy is keeping many balls in the air. She has a brilliant career as an investment adviser. She is a good wife with a cute architect husband and a perfect mother, which can both be away with work and have time to bake a cake for her daughter's school events. Colleagues, friends and family wondering - how does she do it? But the truth is also plagued with lists of things that are not being met, sleep that is not caught, and dinner for two, who just finished dishes from the microwave. And THEN it will be difficult. Just as Kate's husband gets his big chance with the big construction project, she will be invited to realize his dream project in New York in close cooperation with the firm's legendary (and charismatic) boss. So while things burn at home, Kate just think about work and eating at restaurants every night ... and have a bad conscience. Doug McGrath has directed Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear in the film version of Allison Pearson's hilarious and scathing portrait of the modern career woman / mother - and her busy career man / father. In other words, what it means to be a "Woman on jumping."

 Kate Reddy holder mange bolde i luften. Hun har en lysende karriere som investeringsrådgiver. Hun er en god hustru med en sød arkitektmand og en er perfekt mor, som både kan være bortrejst med arbejdet og nå at bage kage til datterens skolearrangementer. Kolleger, venner og familie undrer sig – hvordan gør hun det? Men sandheden er også plaget af lister over ting, der ikke bliver nået, nattesøvn, der ikke bliver taget, og parmiddage, der bare er færdigretter fra mikrobølgeovnen. Og SÅ bliver det svært. Netop som Kates mand får sin store chance med at stort byggeprojekt, bliver hun inviteret til at realisere sit drømmeprojekt i New York i tæt samarbejde med firmaets legendariske (og karismatiske) chef. Så mens tingene brænder på derhjemme, skal Kate bare tænke på arbejde og at spise på restaurant hver aften… og have dårlig samvittighed. Doug McGrath har instrueret Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan og Greg Kinnear i filmatiseringen af Allison Pearsons morsomme og bidende portræt af den moderne karrierekvinde/mor – og hendes travle karrieremand/far. Med andre ord, hvordan det er at være en ”Kvinde på spring”. 

