INSTALLATION:
Use an Emulator to run the games.
Recommended: ePSXe 1.6 or 1.7

I have also uploaded the emulator to run this game on the following link:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6174621/ePSXe_1.7.0_%28with_working_gameshark__codebreaker__action_replay%29
--------
--------
--------

GAMEPLAY:
Ape Escape is played in third-person perspective and makes use of 3D characters and environments. Spike, the main character, has the ability to run, jump and use a variety of gadgets that become available to him throughout the game. The controls are base heavily around the use of the two analogue sticks as an analogue controller was a requirement to play the game.
Ape Escape has several gadgets, which each have their own unique function. Spike's primary gadgets are the Stun Club and the Time Net, which are often used to subdue and catch apes, respectively. Throughout the game, Spike will acquire more gadgets that will be useful to him, and are often needed to get some of the monkeys in earlier levels. When a new gadget is obtained, players are required to complete a training level, where the basics of controlling the gadget are learned, and can be revisited at any time.[4] The net is later upgraded to capture monkeys in the water while other items include a radar that can detect monkeys, a slingshot, a hula hoop-like item, an item that increase the players jump height, and an R.C. Car.
The main aim of each level is to catch all the monkeys within it. The first time a level is visited, a certain number of monkeys need to be captured. The rest can be captured once the right gadgets have been obtained (for example, a monkey in the first level requires the propellor to reach). Each monkey has a unique personality and name and after the monkey is caught, these facts can be read in a log book accessed from the main hub area of the game. These names often hold many jokes and pop culture references. Each monkey also has three fields of skill: Speed, Attack and Alert, all of which are ranked out of five. This combines to a level of difficulty, which is also denoted on the file. There are other items in the levels such as "Chips", which can be collected to gain extra lives and "Specter Coins", which unlock minigames. Each level is connected by a hub world called the "Time Station".

PLOT:
SETTING:
Ape Escape takes place in a world similar to Earth but over a number of different time periods such as the prehistoric age, where dinosaurs and early creatures can be found; a jungle area with temples; an ocean level, set mainly on the beach and in the water; an ice age period, where everything is frozen over; and a medieval age, which features castle environments. You character returns to a hub area after each time period to collect new items and gain information and to allow access to previous and subsequent levels.

CHARACTERS:
The primary protagonist of the game is a 10 year old boy called Spike (Kakeru in the Japanese version). He and his friend Jake go to see a new time machine the Professor has invented but get sucked into the time machine when they get there as it has been activated by Specter. From then on he travels through different times, catching monkeys and obtaining new gadgets to make his journey easier.
The Professor is an inventor who creates the Time Station, the device the characters use to travel through time and the Peak Point Helmet, the device that creates the antagonist. He tends to be a little careless due to his age and relies on his granddaughter Katie (Natalie in the U.S. version, Natsumi in the Japanese version) to keep him out of trouble. Natalie is a computer expert and helps the professor work his inventions also maintaining the Time Station so it stays stable.
Specter is a white monkey who used to perform at the circus until he finds a device invented by the professor called the "Peak Point Helmet". It increases his intelligence and gives him the ability of speech but he decided to use the power he has for evil purposes. He is the main antagonist of the game. He replicates his helmet and uses the copies on other monkeys to create an army so he can rule the world.
Buzz (Jake in the U.S. version, Hiroki in the Japanese version) is Spike's friend and enjoys friendly competition with him. When the time machine is activated, he and Spike are split up and set to different periods of time. He becomes mind controlled by Specter, but after being defeated by Spike later in the story, Specter's control over him is broken and he returns to the Professor.
The monkeys are Specter's army and can be found throughout every area of the game. They all wear helmets and coloured pants. The helmet is similar in looks to the intelligence increasing one but don't increase it but instead, display their mood in the form of a flashing light on top. The colour of their pants denontes their personality which ranges from docile to aggressive.

STORY:
Ape Escape tells the story of a monkey by the name of Specter that comes into ownership of a Peak Point Helmet (Pipo Helmet), which greatly increases his intelligence but also gave him evil intentions. He obtains helmets for less intelligent monkeys (not identical to his own) to assist him in his plan for world domination by traveling through time, and it is up to a young boy named Spike (Kakeru), with the aid of the Professor - the inventor of the Peak Point Helmet - and his granddaughter, Natalie (US version name; Katie in the first game's British version, Natsumi in the Japanese version and British remake), to chase them through time and capture them all. He must also rescue his friend, Jake (US version name; Buzz in the first game's British version, Hiroki in the Japanese version), who has been brainwashed into being Specter's slave.
Spike travels through various places in time, from the Dinosaur Ages to the Age of the Celestial Empire, in order to catch Specter's legion of apes. He also runs into the hypnotized Jake during his adventures, and must defeat him in bonus levels that involve racing to complete an obstacle course.
Spike soon comes to the Present Day, where Specter and his monkey army have retreated due to their failed attempts to rewrite history. After defeating him at his factory, where he is trying to create more Peak Point Helmets, and the TV Tower, Specter creates a malevolent theme park, where he challenges Spike to find his imprisoned friends, the Professor and Natalie. Spike finds his old friend, brain-washed, blue-haired Jake, along the way, and defeats him in a final battle, then races to a large castle, which takes off into space. In a final effort, he traverses through the castle and Spike finds Specter, who before the fight, tries to persuade Spike into being his slave, now that Jake has been returned to normal. He shoots a blue ray at him, delivering the boy pain, and tells him that if he does not surrender, "the pain that you're feeling will only get worse". However, Spike disobliges, and destroys the barrier surrounding him, making Specter flip out of his chair. Spike then tells Specter that "power alone isn't the true strength", as he tries to regain himself, meaning that it takes more than power to win the fight. Specter, however, is furious with Spike, and then hops into a large robot to destroy him. (The robot would later be known as the Goliath Armor.) Spike destroys the robot, but Specter escapes. The castle floats back down to Earth, where Spike is reunited with his friends.
After rounding up all the remaining monkeys, Spike travels to the final area where he engages Specter in a one-on-one final showdown. Spike finishes the battle by catching the villain in the Time Net and removing the Peak Point Helmet, ending his evil crusade.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk