Battle Diggles, Find Loot, Sacrifice Lutefisk to the Lutefisk God!

Long ago, the Dark Lord Dredmor was bound in the darkest dungeons beneath the earth by great and mighty heroes. Centuries later, the magical bonds that hold him in place are loosening and his power grows ever stronger. The land cries out for a new hero, a powerful warrior or a mystic wizard like those spoken of in the prophecies of yore.

What they have, unfortunately, is you...

Step into the Dungeons of Dredmor! Embrace your destiny! Face evil of the likes the world has never known - the terrifying Swarmies, the undulating Thrusties, and the adoreable nest-building Diggles. Worship Inconsequentia, the Goddess of Pointless Sidequests, or try your luck as a devotee of the nameless Lutefisk God. Cast powerful magic learned from the dark business warlocks of the school of Necronomiconomics, or summon the Viking Runes of your ancestors to blast your foes with thunder and lightning! Discover the power that can be had by wielding a bizarre armament of devastating weaponry such as the Interdimensional Axe, the Plastic Ring, and the Invisible Shield (if you can remember where you left it). Wield shoes decorated by the Dwarven Glittersmiths, all of whom have now committed suicide because of their shame, and embrace the joys of destroying giant moustache-wielding brick demons with a mace decorated with tawdry, delicious bacon.

While you’re at it, be prepared to die. A lot. In hideous, screaming pain that makes you throw your keyboard out the window.

The Dungeons of Dredmor await. Are you ready for them?
Key features:

    Classic Roguelike gameplay with the sweet, refreshing taste of point-and-click interfaces. No longer must you press CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-x to drink a potion.
    Randomly generated dungeons entice you with the sweet, sweet promises of treasure and … things.
    Old-school pixel goodness. Face lovingly hand-animated monsters and enjoy the great taste of beautiful, individually rendered items on top of a sea of gorgeous, potent tile-work.
    Wield the awesome power of the Anvil of Krong, lest it wield you!
    Incredibly complicated crafting system! Wield relics of the Great Elven/Dwarven conflict; grind down ingots to make powdered aluminum and shove it directly up your nostrils!
    Hordes of monsters never-before-seen in a video game!
    Deploy cunning traps to defeat your foes!
    Infinite replay value: choose from a selection of mind-boggling skills to create your character. A new gameplay experience awaits every time!
    Did we mention there’s lutefisk? 

PC System Requirements

        OS: Windows XP, Vista, 7
        Processor: Core 2 Duo/Athlon 64 or above recommended
        Memory: 1 GB of RAM minimum; 2 GB recommended
        Hard Disk Space: 400+ megabytes
        Video Card: Any DirectX-compatible video device with a minimum resolution of 1024 x 600 or 1024 x 768
        DirectX®: 9
        Sound: Any DirectX-compatible audio device 



A friend sent me the link to this on a seperate website, been looking for awhile for this game so here it is.

1.Extract
2.Play 

Been scanned various times with Kaspersky, Bit-defender, spy sweeper, came up clean