It\'s time to completely fix your slow PC!

Advanced SystemCare Free (formerly Advanced WindowsCare Personal) has a one-click approach to help protect, repair, clean, and optimize your PC. With over 100 MILLION downloads since 2006, this fantastic, award-winning, free PC repair software is a \"must-have\" tool for your computer. 100% safe with no adware, spyware, or viruses; a PC maintenance program that\'s incredibly easy to use.

Why waste money on expensive \"registry cleaners\" to fix your PC when Advanced SystemCare Free will repair, tune, and maintain it for you – for free!
Click here to download for free
What\'s New in Advanced SystemCare Free 5

New ActiveBoost function for real-time optimization
    Active Boost, technology that actively runs in the background intelligently managing system resources in real-time, constantly detecting inactive resources and optimizing CPU and RAM usage. 

New Cloud technology to keep database up-to-date
    The new \"Could\" technology ensures the database is kept updated at all times so that you can benefit from the latest definitions and configurations, which means your PC is better protected and optimized. 

New architecture and re-written source codes for 32bit/64bit system
    These improvements will make your PC work more efficiently and steadily, stabilising even older systems. 

New UI technology for quicker start and less resource usage
    With the new UI technology, Advanced SystemCare 5 will start up faster using fewer system resources; this can assist in improving your PC\'s stability. 

Improved UI design for better user experience
    The brand new user interface allows you to adjust the basic settings from the main screen, making Advanced SystemCare 5 even more accessible and convenient to use. 

Improved Care module with more powerful clean and optimization functions
    The new developments in the \"Care\" module include features such as \"Start-up Optimization\", which will scan and clean your PC much more effectively. 

Improved Turbo Boost module with Work and Game mode
    You now have two Turbo Boost options, Work Mode and Game Mode. In addition, you can now adjust the configuration of each mode from the main screen. 

Why Is Advanced SystemCare Free 5 Different ?

Provides a Complete Solution For PC Top Performance.
    A simple registry cleaner cannot give you true performance boost. Advanced SystemCare Free 5 combines Registry clean, defrag, system tune-up, shortcut fix, privacy sweep, junk files clean, disk fix and optimization, and more, to guarantee your PC run like a new one.

Finds and Detects More Hidden Problems of Security and Performance.
    With our innovative \"DEEP SCAN\" technology, Advanced SystemCare Free 5 has the highest detection rate in the industry and it is able to find the right root of your PC trouble.

Simpler and Easier to Use.
    You do not need to be a professional or know much about computer. All you need to do is install it and a few clicks will make you enjoy the new PC feeling again.

Proven by More Users.
    Advanced SystemCare is the NO.1 downloaded software in system utilities and has over 10 million users worldwide. 

Key Benefits
[+] See all

Speeds up PC performance and internet access
    Tunes up Windows by releasing the built-in power of your system. Dramatically improves both system and Internet performance by up to 400%. 

Defends PC security with extra protection
    Detects and analyzes Windows security environment. Scans and removes spyware and adware using up-to-date definition files. Prevents spyware, hackers and hijackers from installing malicious programs on your computer. Erases and updates your PC\'s activity histories.

More than 20 dedicated smart tools for everyday PC maintenance
    Replacing the original \"Utilities\" module in version 3, Advanced SystemCare 5 integrates IObit\'s latest Toolbox which has more than 20 dedicated smart tools for everyday PC maintenance or advanced needs, including tools for system cleaning, optimizing and repairing, tools for security enhancement, and tools for full control over the system.

Extremely easy to use
    Completes its work with just one click! Scans, repairs and secures your PC in one minute. 

Advanced SystemCare Free 5 Product Specs
Current Version: 	5.0.0
File Size: 	28.51 MB
Operating System: 	Designed for Windows 7, Vista, XP and 2000
Release Date: 	Nov. 15, 2011
Designed to: 	Keep your PC safe, error-free, and running at top speed.
Languages: 	English, ChineseSimp, ChineseTrad, Czech, Danish, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Nederlands, PortugueseBR, Russian, Serbian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish.


Read the ReadMe file and enjoy, please seed so others can also enjoy!!