Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Cherry Blossom Girl" is an electronica song written by Air for their 2004 album Talkie Walkie. The song is the album's second track, and was released as its first single. The music video was directed by adult film director Kris Kramski.

Talkie Walkie is the fourth full-length album by Air, released on January 27, 2004. The album was possibly named after the song "Le Talkie Walkie" by Serge Gainsbourg, a known influence of the duo. The track "Alone in Kyoto" was featured on the soundtrack to the 2003 film Lost in Translation and the track "Run" was used in the Veronica Mars episode Nobody Puts Baby in a Corner. This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions. "Talkie-walkie" is French for walkie-talkie.

Talkie Walkie received highly favorable reviews from critics. It was praised for its unique feel without retreading what they did on Moon Safari, Rolling Stone magazine commenting that it was a "...significant return to form". NME reviewer Piers Martin commented, "It is light and fluffy, of course, but tender and romantic, synthetic and soulful, too. It sounds, effortlessly, new and different, fresh and focused, clean and Zen, no doubt the outcome of Godin and Dunckel’s decision to play and programme all the instruments and perform all the vocals on the record themselves in Paris without any external assistance...". Praise was given to the subtle touch producer Nigel Godrich and string arranger Michel Colombier presumably brought to the album at its final stage, and the more personal and tighter song writing.

The music review online magazine Pitchfork Media placed Talkie Walkie at number 191 on their list of top 200 albums of the 2000s, and they named it the 20th best album of 2004. It also made #27 out of 50 on music reviewer Antiquiet's end of the decade list of best albums.

Air is a music duo from Versailles, France, consisting of Nicolas Godin and Jean-Benoît Dunckel. From the name Air is derived the backronym Amour, Imagination, Rêve which translates to Love, Imagination, Dream.

Air's debut EP, Premiers Symptômes, was followed by the critically acclaimed album Moon Safari, the re-release of Premiers Symptômes, The Virgin Suicides score, and subsequently albums 10 000 Hz Legend, Everybody Hertz, Talkie Walkie, Pocket Symphony and Love 2.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/