 http://bayimg.com/baJAfaaDa

Preaching to the Perverted (1997) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119935/

Preaching to the Perverted is a 1997 British comedy film written and directed by Stuart Urban.

The film stars Guinevere Turner as Tanya Cheex, a New York dominatrix. Henry Harding MP is played by Tom Bell and Christien Anholt plays Peter Emery. In addition, several well-known BDSM performance artists appear:

Chaos Clowns 
Luci The Axle Grinder, also known as Lucifire 
Miss Kimberly 
The Fetisnonn Suzi Woodroffe 
Tutu 

The film was originally developed by the BBC, but they later dropped the script, believing it would never be capable of showing the movie on UK TV. However, in April 2004 the movie was shown on terrestrial TV in the UK on BBC1.

The film was banned in Ireland by then film censor Sheamus Smith.

  Guinevere Turner  ...  Tanya Cheex  
  Christien Anholt  ...  Peter Emery  
  Tom Bell  ...  Henry Harding MP  
  Julie Graham  ...  Eugenie  
  Georgina Hale  ...  Miss Wilderspin  
  Julian Wadham  ...  M'Learned Friend  
  Ricky Tomlinson  ...  Fibbin' Gibbins  
  Roger Lloyd-Pack  ...  Mr. Cutts Watson (as Roger Lloyd Pack)  
  Sue Johnston  ...  Esmeralda  
  Don Henderson  ...  Commander Cope  
  Imogen Bain  ...  Mrs. Cutts Watson  
  Edward Jewesbury  ...  Judge Yell  
  Angela Easterling  ...  Dog Owner  
  Ian Embleton  ...  Night Porter  
  Keith Allen  ...  Milkman  

Henry Harding MP, a British government minister on a moral crusade, hires an inexperienced young computer whizzkid, Peter Emery who works for a Christian computer company called Holy Hardware, to infiltrate the United Kingdom BDSM scene. Harding is set on putting a club called "House of Thwax" run by Mistress Tanya Cheex out of business, and is sure that Peter's secretly videotaped evidence of the club's activities will do the trick. However, the virginal Peter takes a liking to Tanya Cheex and finds himself falling for the Mistress

Perhaps still serving as a cinematic lighthouse for the BSDM movement over a decade after its release, 1997’s “Preaching to the Perverted” has resurfaced on DVD for reasons that aren’t immediately clear to this reviewer. A well-shot ode the spanked-bottom-needs of the average conservative citizen, the picture is a clumsy pass at both comedic overkill and discomforting sensuality. Still, it’s a hard film to outright dismiss.
When England’s United Front Opposing Filth morality squad gets ready to make a final stand against pornography, they enlist virginal Peter (Christien Anholt) to join the cause. An upright employee for a Christian-based ISP, Peter is eager to head undercover and trap the country’s number one enemy: dominatrix Tanya Cheex (Guinevere Turner). As Peter slips into the violent BSDM underworld, he becomes smitten with the aloof Tanya, attempting to woo her with his inexperience. As Peter gathers his evidence through spy sunglasses and witness accounts, he’s drawn closer to his mistress, finding her power bewitching, while completely frustrated with her punishing sexual demands. For Tanya, Peter represents the “vanilla” relationship she naturally avoids, unearthing sympathies that threaten her livelihood and growing slave kingdom.

Written and directed by Stuart Urban, “Preaching” is intended as an odyssey into the spirit of sexual perversion and the responses taboo inclinations provoke out of all sides of the argument. The structure is straight out of a goofball detective film, with a heavy slant toward comedy to help temper the edgy sights and sounds of a subculture few take the time to understand. Using Peter as our guide, the film observes the command and showmanship of Tanya’s controversial club shows: Vegas-style revues that combine fantastically ornate fetish costuming and excruciating stunts, where Tanya greets her fans with a few versatile moments of blunt trauma. 

The BSDM sequences come off as moderately accurate; the screenplay is cautious to explain the subtlety between pain and pleasure, while also keeping a watchful eye on issues of consent (penetration is a huge no-no). Sure, “Preaching” assembles some rather operatic displays of the lifestyle, complete with laser shows and throbbing dance music (perhaps this film inspired the Wachowski Brothers?), but respect is paid to the scene, and its multi-colored, multi-holed inhabitants. A lesser film would paint everyone with a pierced nipple and a desire for genital torture as a freak worthy of a methodical narrative dehumanization. This movie accepts them as family. It’s almost quaint. 

Trying to achieve both comic and dramatic tones, “Preaching” gets lost quickly. The serious side of the film is derailed by the acting, a performance effort that minimizes the spectacle of the visuals. Cutting a striking figure, the fetching Turner makes for an imposing latex-clad, cherry-lipped overlord of the night, but she’s unable to feel around the confessional sequences of the film to satisfaction. Turner is best without dialogue. Once the film gives itself over to comedy, it’s Benny Hill meets a Nine Inch Nails video, and none of it seems to work. Overall, “Preaching” takes on too much, forgetting its goals as the running time wears on and the cast becomes increasingly forgetful of true motivation.

Eventually, “Preaching” transforms into a courtroom drama, positioning itself as an attack on hypocritical figures of government, who push agendas of censorship while enjoying the fruits of provocative entertainment at home. It’s a half-hearted push to lend the film some social weight; a stab toward legitimacy to ease the lasting sting of shock value Urban likes to toy with. “Preaching to the Perverted” is a striking look at a retro BSDM playground, but if the storytelling had more consistency, perhaps the titillation would’ve had a far more enlightening aftertaste.

