 http://bayimg.com/aAiBLaaDP

Dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y (1998) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0367655/

DIAL H-I-S-T-O-R-Y, the acclaimed hijacking documentary that eerily foreshadowed 9-11. We meet the romantic skyjackers who fought their revolutions and won airtime on the passenger planes of the 1960's and 1970's. By the 1990's, such characters were apparently no more, replaced on our TV screens by stories of anonymous bombs in suitcases. Director Johan Grimonprez investigates the politics behind this change, at the same time unwrapping our own complicity in the urge for ultimate disaster. Playing on Don DeLillo's riff in his novel Mao II: "what terrorists gain, novelists lose" and "home is a failed idea", he blends archival footage of hijackings with surreal and banal themes, including fast food, pet statistics, disco, and his quirky home movies. David Shea composed the superb soundtrack to this free fall through history, best described in the words of one hijacked Pepsi executive as "running the gamut of many emotions, from surprise to shock to fear, to joy, to laughter, and then again, fear." 

"Dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y" is a video film structured in a single 68-minute projection installation. The guiding visual thread of the piece is the almost exhaustive chronology of airplane highjackings in the world. The soundtrack is constituted of a fictive narrative inspired by two Don DeLillo novels-"White Noise" and "Mao II"-which, for Grimonprez, "highlight the value of the spectacular in our catastrophe culture." (...) "Dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y" blends photographic, electronic, and digital images, interspersing reportage shots, clips from science fiction films, found footage, and reconstituted scenes filmed by the artist. The work denounces the media spectacle and seeks to detect the impact of images on our feelings, our knowledge, our memory. 

Pretentious. Chilling. Masturbatory. Eye-Opening. Incoherent. Brilliantly executed.

Any of the above could be used to describe director Johan Grimonprez’s dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y, a pretentious, chilling, masturbatory, eye-opening, incoherent, brilliantly executed look at the history of the media’s coverage of, and reaction to, terrorism, specifically hijackings. Told in fits, starts and spurts of archival footage and seemingly random imagery, inappropriate music and passages from Don DeLillo's Mao II read aloud over cut-paste-chop-splice film clips, Grimonprez’s film manages to be both terribly full of itself and remarkably effective. Quite an achievement, that.

If it all sounds very chaotic, it is. We have film taken from news and library archives, sometimes related to the overarching theme of hijackings and media, some included purely for emotionally impact (or reasons I imagine even the director couldn’t explain with a straight face). Occasionally, we get some of his own footage thrown into the mix, usually a multi-media smorgasbord of flashing, colorful image, low-tech computer visuals and other garish sequences. If there is a narrative, it’s one that comes as if by way of a rambling, babbling homeless man who was once very, very intelligent but whose intellect now shows itself only in brief, insightful rants sandwiched between lengthy, unrelated monologues – which is to say you have to pay very close attention to pull the “arc” from the sensory assault one undergoes while watching this film.

And the assault is one that attacks all senses. The audio is as relentless as the visuals, seemingly random clip after seemingly random clip; voiceovers, news commentators, blurred and slurring musical montages, and musical interludes that bear no relation to what we see on screen – often to disturbing effect. It’s as if an audio archive vomited its contents onto the film and the director pushed about the chunks into some semblance of order. Yet it works.

Ostensibly, Grimonprez’s film is about how, once upon a time, airplane hijackers were a curiosity, altogether common but in many ways harmless, crazed characters or people with a message. People didn’t die. But as the media coverage grew darker and more concerned, so, too, did the hijackings grow darker, until suddenly the ground was stained red with blood and people began seeing terror in the skies. The hijackers escalate. The media, and in turn government reaction, escalates in turn. The hijackers push the envelope further. And so do the media and government. An endless, vicious cycle that claims lives and assaults us with hostile imagery to such a degree that, as a society, we begin to embrace destruction and are desensitized to all but the most horrible of destruction. We come to love that which we fear … both a fear and a love we helped create.

At least, that’s what I pulled from the battering my senses took.

To say that dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y is informative would be a lie. While I gathered some snippets of information here and there, it’s not the kind of documentary one walks away from being more informed about the world around them. Maybe, maybe, on a subconscious level, but certainly not in any conscious way. Educational it isn’t. And to say that dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y is entertaining would also be a lie. This isn’t the sort of film, documentary or otherwise, you watch for entertainment. It just isn’t. However, it is safe to say that on an artistic level, dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y has a lot going for it. Anything that can cause such a visceral reaction in a viewer – and dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y does exactly that – has something going on worth seeing.

Any longer than its 68-minute running time and dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y would collapse under the weight of its own self-importance, but coming in such a digestible chunk, the film manages to successfully attack the psyche, make a point, strut some creative editing and get out before it overstays its welcome.








