thanks Musicgate
this is a proper rip ... eac secure, cues, logs, scans



Boogaloo Joe Jones - The Minbender & My Fire (1968) {1993, 2 in 1, Ace Records}

THE MINDBENDER
INTRODUCING THE PSYCHEDELIC SOUL JAZZ GUITAR OF JOE JONES
(Originally Prestige 7557)

1. THE MINDBENDER (J Douglas) 4:50
2. THERE IS A MOUNTAIN (D Leitch) 5:34
3. GAMES (N Adderley) 4:20
4. STICKS AND STONES (Turner) 5:00
5. BLUES FOR BRUCE (J Douglas) 5:50
6. THE BEAT GOES ON (s Bono) 3:18
7. RIGHT NOW (J Jones) 3:19
8. CALL ME (A Hatch) 6:04

MY FIRE
MORE OF THE PSYCHEDELIC SOUL JAZZ GUITAR OF JOE JONES
(Originally Prestige 7617)

9. LIGHT MY FIRE (J Morrison) 3:54
10. FOR BIG HAL (Mabern) 7:04
11. ST JAMES INFIRMARY (Primrose) 5:23
12. TAKE ALL (Price) 3:50
13. TIME AFTER TIME (Styne, Cahn) 7:19
14. IVAN THE TERRIBLE (J Jones) 5:56

Personel info:
JOE JONES - guitar (all tracks)
on THE MINDBENDER (1-4)
RON CARTER - bass
BEN DIXON - drums
RICHARD LANDRUM - conga & bongos
on THE MINDBENDER (5-8)
LIMERICK KNOWLES JR. - organ
ALEXANDER WITHERSPOON - fender bass
BUD KELLY - drums
on THE MINDBENDER (9-14)
HAROLD MABERN - piano, electric piano
PECK MORRISON - bass, electric bass
BILL ENGLISH - drums
RICHARD LANDRUM - conga

Original sleevenote to Prestige 7557 wrote:

The fire which marks the playing of Joe Jones on this disc stems from his desire to play. This in itself is not unusual since most jazz players revel in the opportunity to either with compatible sidemen for the purpose of playing. What is unusual is that in the majonty of cases, this fire is rarely captured on record. It is of great significance that Rock musicians are probably jamming more than jazz musicians today Much of modern jazz is now "tree" a term that actually denotes a departure from steady time or conventional harmonies but in reality is attributed to an entire performance Free iazz can be enhiiarating or dreadfully dull depending on who is playing. It is not unusual to find that the best "free" jazz players are generally the best jazz players period.
This has gotten a little bit away from Joe Jones but in a sense it also explains the damn-the-torpedoes feeling in his work. At this time. Jones does not work full-time as a musician. Thus when he does play he tends to make the most of the opportunity There are no frills here just solid, straight ahead soul blowing. Playing jazz for a living is what Jones would like to do but at the present time, he doesn't have the setting (in the form of a working group) to sustain him. I suspect that the situation will resolve itself soon.
Joe Jones is one of the new breed of guitarists. Just as the Charlie Parker influence among horn players is today a second-hand thing, guitar players are more influenced indirectly by Charlie Christian and directly by the men who followed immediately after Christian Jones was born on November 1, 1940 and first became interested in guitar at the age of fifteen. Looking around for records featuring guitarists he first came across the work of Dick Garcia and Tal Farlow. It was the Farlow trio with Vinnie Burke and Eddie Costa that first turned him on. At the same time he was captivated by the sound of Billy Butler, then Bill Doggett's guitarist Working primarily around Atlantic City, he fell some what naturally into the organ bag and actually worked with the Willis Jackson band on several occasions. Jones' playing today shows a strong Butler influence and also that of Bill Jennings, the man who he replaced in the Jackson band. The Rock influence is noticeable in his attack.
Among the other participants, Harold Mabern is a Prestige recording artist whose first LP A Few Miles From Memphis (PR 7568) established him as a pianist-composer to watch. Harold contributed one tune to this date—the loping For Big Hal named for his father. Harold also makes his debut on electric piano here for Light My Fire.
Peck Morrison who works out on bass and electric bass here has been an active freelancer around New York for several years He was featured most recently with Charles McPherson on From This Moment On (PR 7559). He also has been a part of the McPherson Quintet in recent months.
Bill English has been associated with Kenny Burrell for several years. During the times that Burrell lays off. Bill frequently fronts a five piece group of his own for gigs around New York. Bill can be heard on Prestige on Eddie Jefferson/Body & Soul (PR 7619).
Richard Landrum is familiar to Prestige listeners. He appeared most recently with Johnny "Hammond" Smith on Nasty! (PR 7588).
Light My Fire is one of those rare tunes that has had two best-selling per formances in rapid succession. Jones' version is up tempo and provides an interesting contrast to Jose Feliciano's more moody approach.
The aforementioned For Big Hal affords plenty of room for stretching out. Composer Mabern and leader Jones both have spirited outings here.
St. James Infirmary is way down but moves slowly into a 6/8 pattern for the blowing. The song, frequently associated with Jack Teagarden, has never been used in this manner yet it lends itself perfectly for this type of mood Take All, a recent R&B hit by Lloyd Price, is not the tune as written but more or less an adaption. Harold Mabern when asked to dig up a lead sheet could only find a copy of the record so this was transcribed for use on the date. Mabern, who has been working with Price, virtually put the piece together from scratch.
Time After Time allows Jones and Mabern to extend their inventive powers at length at ballad tempo. The set closer Ivan The Terrible (named not for the famous Russian but for Ivan Joseph Jones the leader of the date). Everyone gets a little say here. The second chapter in the recorded career of Joe Jones presents a variety of spellbinding moods. His first LP Introducing The Psychedelic Soul Jazz Guitar Of Joe Jones (PR 7557) brought him to the attention of many listeners. His is a big talent and perhaps his recordings will create the type of demand for his work that will lead him into music on a full-time basis. Until then you have My Fire.