. 
  
http://www.torrenting.com/        :     Greatest Movie Tracker on The Net!!!
 
http://www.Torrenting.com          :     Once & For all ;)


               www . Torrenting . Com 

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))


...................................NFO:....................................

. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                     Fresno.Part.1.1986.VHSRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
                                                                      
        Title [ Fresno - Part 1                                  
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-05-30       Source [ Retail VHS        
        Retail [ 1990-??-??       iMDB [ 8.0/10 (213)      
        Runtime [ 128 mins         Size CD1 [ 701MB / 50x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy/Spoof        CD2 [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090435/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Audio [ 108kb/s VBR Mono -V1                           
          Video [ 512 x 384 @ 1371kb/s 25fps                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           "Fresno", the sprawling saga of two families, the          
         Canes and the Kensingtons, is a mini-series exploding        
         with all the passion and power one would expect in the       
         exciting and fascinating world of the raisin-elite.          
         Once partners and the best of friends, the Canes and         
         Kensingtons now battle in a life-and-death struggle          
         for supremacy of the powerful raisin cartel, knowing         
         full well that whoever controls raisins, controls            
         Fresno. The two warring families are headed by the           
         stunning and willful Charlotte Kensington and the            
         ruthless stunning Taylor Cane.                               
                                                                      
           These are people driven by greed, by lust, by              
         revenge, and by Charles the chauffeur.                       
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Carol Burnett is somewhat of a legend in                   
         entertainment, and in this 80s comedy miniseries             
         she plays the widowed matriarch of the Kensingtons,          
         a once wealthy raisin-growing family in Fresno,              
         California. Aired in 1986, this was very clearly             
         a parody of the prime time megasoaps of the day,             
         such as Falcon Crest and Dynasty, which captured             
         the eyes of most of the Western world on a weekly            
         basis. While Fresno may have shared the same setting         
         and basic premise, it was a total sendup, and a              
         funny one at that. While Carol Burnett had relied            
         more heavily on oneliners in her previous work,              
         this was more of a plot-driven parody, and one               
         that worked quite well in our opinion! Look out              
         for a brief appearance by Michael Richards, best             
         known to later audiences as Cosmo Kramer, playing            
         a hitman who should rather have looked for a                 
         different day job.                                           
                                                                      
           This rip comes from the only known release of the          
         series, the UK PAL VHS. While the original series            
         came in 5 episodes, the VHS release was split into           
         two installments. These tapes used the original              
         uncut broadcast version, and not the later                   
         shortened version with an added (and totally                 
         unnecessary) laugh track.                                    
                                     Enjoy!                           
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                
                      nFO: asphyx