HTC Windows Phone HD7 Games-[www.fiveupload.com]

01.Angry Birds-[www.fiveupload.com]
02.Earthworm Jim HD-[www.fiveupload.com]
03.Plants vs. Zombies™-[www.fiveupload.com]
04.Rise Of Glory-[www.fiveupload.com]
05.Sonic The Hedgehog™ 4 Episode I-[www.fiveupload.com]
06.The Sims™ 3-[www.fiveupload.com]
07.Tiki Towers-[www.fiveupload.com]
08.Twin Blades - The Reaping Vanguard-[www.fiveupload.com]
09.Pac-Man-[www.fiveupload.com]
10.Pro Evolution Soccer 2011-[www.fiveupload.com]

FOR PROMOTIONAL USE ONLY!!!

You Like The Games? Then Respect The Developers By Buying Their Games Using The "MARKETPLACE" On Your HTC.

01.To be able to install The Apps you need to Jailbreak your phone.
How?

""We anticipated that people would attempt to unlock the phones and explore the underlying operating system. We encourage people to use their Windows Phone as supplied by the manufacturer to ensure the best possible user experience. Attempting to unlock a device could void the warranty, disable phone functionality, interrupt access to Windows Phone 7 services or render the phone permanently unusable.""

First of all:

I do NOT take responsibility for anything!!! Do anything on your OWN risk!

Ingreedients:
A Windows-based PC, minimum: Windows XP SP2
THIS
Zune, and of course a Windows Phone 7 device 

Preparation:
Make sure you don't have anything running on port 443. Close Skype and Trillian.
Make sure you have a FULL SYNC relationship, NOT just a GUEST
Make sure, your phone ISN'T PIN locked
Certificate install:
Download ChevronWP7.certo your computer.
Attach ChevronWP7.cer to an email, and send to an account associated with your Windows Phone.
On the phone click on the attachment, and then install.

The process itself:

Ok. So first open up the donwloaded ChevronWP7.exe file. May need to run as an administrator, if you're on Vista or 7.

Make sure you have completed the steps above!!!

Then check the 2 checkboxes

Ok, now come the tricky part. Cross-fingers, and hit the "Unlock" button.

That's it, if you're lucky you made it  My congratulations

02.To be able to use The Apps you need to Deploy them to your phone.
How?

Aside from the Application deployment tool that comes with WinPho Dev-tools, you have 2 other methods to deploy XAPs to our beloved Windows Phone 7 devices.

1. Use the much easier method, a XAP deployer written by Tom Codon (homebrew), that can deploy XAP files to your Phone/Emulator by double clicking them. Hmm...Sweet, isn't it? 
2. Using the WP7-Deployment tool (basically an extension of the Toms Xap deployer) which removes DRM/Licensing from the XAP (for testing purposes)

Method #1
Basically, Tom XAP installer and WinPho Dev Tools Application Deployment are the same, just the ease of use is much better with the 'homebrew' deployer.
We'll see how to use this second method.

You'll need:
.NET 4.0 Framework and Windows Phone 7 SDK
The XAP deployment tool itself.
A Jailbroken Windows Phone 7 device.

Installation:
Unpack the 'Tom XAP Installer v1.1.zip', and run the 'Tom XAP Installer.exe'
Check the Enable Tom XAP installer checkbox, and you're done!  It was quite easy, isn't it? 
You can uninstall it, by simply un-checking the checkbox.
Before you do anything:
Please make sure your device is Jailbroken
Make sure your device is connected with PC and Zune lauched 
Make sure your device not in sleep mode

How to deploy XAPs with it:
Ok, now you've got your XAP, and want to deploy it to your Device/Emulator.

Providing you've done the steps described in the Installation part, when you double click the XAP file

Choose the location you want to install it to, and press 'Install' to deploy it to the Device/Emu.

Method #2 (NEW)
Download  WP7-DEPLOY and unpack somewhere (original item and thread is somewhere on XDA-DEVELOPERS)

Run WP7-DEPLOY (just tick the top two boxes - see picture) and close, then create a shortcut to wp7-deploy on your desktop and drag the xap onto the wp7-deploy shortcut. Make sure Zune is running and hey presto.

That's it, you've done it 
Note: If it's a free item then clear the check boxes before deploying.
