                           Courtesy of The.Buzzsaw

                        Release Date: November 8, 2011

                      Format: AVI (Audio Video Interleave)

                                 2 Files

                     Length: Part 1 = 00:52:23
                             Part 2 = 00:51:48

You can ask any fight fan, the most exciting part of either a boxing or MMA fight is the knockout.  Often times the most exciting part of any professional fight it is why stadiums get filled, why PPV buy rates go through the roof and why fans clamor to their local bars to catch all the action.  Out today on DVD and Blu-Ray from our friends at Anchor Bay Entertainment and the UFC is the latest release that encapsulates the most exciting part of the fight and shows us over 30 of the best knockouts from recent memory in “UFC: Ultimate Knockouts 9”.

For all intents and purposes the ‘Ultimate Knockouts’ series is essentially a greatest hits (pun intended) compilation.  Showing a variety of knockouts from a selection of fights that include Chuck Liddell vs. Rich Franklin, Dan Hardy vs. Carlos Condit, Brock Lesnar vs. Cain Velasquez, Matt Hughes vs. BJ Penn, Chris Leben vs. Brian Stann, Shogun Rua vs. Jon Jones, Anderson Silva vs. Vitor Belfort just to name a few.



Compilations of this nature can serve a duel nature; for diehard fans they can relive some of their favorite moments from recent fights, and for the casual or uneducated sports fan it is a fantastic example of why MMA is the fastest growing sport on the planet and exciting proof of what a professional fight can be.  The Ultimate Fighting Championship always puts on a slick product and despite the fact that the ‘All Knockouts’ format can get a little tedious at times; this is accessible to all types of fans.

The action on the Blu-Ray is immaculate in picture and audio quality and extras on the disc include the ‘Total TKO’s’ segment and trailers for other UFC releases on DVD and Blu-Ray.

Available on DVD & Blu-Ray, “UFC: Ultimate Knockouts 9” is fun example of how exciting the sport of Mixed Martial Arts and in particular the fighters in the UFC can be.



