Music : Indie : Lossless






Avi Buffalo - Avi Buffalo (2010)(FLAC)(HQ Artwork Scans Included)










Avi Buffalo is an indie-pop band based in Long Beach, California. Their self-titled debut album was released on the 27th of April, 2010, and was given positive reviews by The Onion A.V. Club, NME, Filter, Drowned in Sound and numerous other music review sites. The album\'s first single is \"What\'s In It For\", which has been described as Shins-esque. The band performed at SXSW the same year, and opened for Modest Mouse in July. In 2010, the band toured Europe and North America. In late 2010 Rebecca Coleman and Arin Fazio left the band to pursue other musical endeavors. Rebecca now currently fronts Pageants.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avi_Buffalo



Members:

Avigdor Zahner-Isenberg (Vocals, Guitar)

Sheridan Riley (Drums)

Arin Fazio (Bass)

Rebecca Coleman (Vocals, Keyboards)




Influences:

Simon and Garfunkel, The Beach Boys, Neil Young, The Beatles, Mike Watt, Jim O\'rourke, Wilco, Wes Montgomery, Johnny Winter, Nels Cline, Panda Bear, Flaming Lips, Luis Gutee, Grizzly Bear, Pink Floyd...



Avi Buffalo was once just the kid named Avi (short for Avigdor Zahner-Isenberg). He’s now singing and playing guitar, but was then a vaguely aspirational skateboarder living in Long Beach, who figured between hip trauma and a never-quite-conquered fear of dropping into a half-pipe that he might need to come up with something else to do with the rest of his life. (Maybe journalist? If there were gonna be any left?) His parents never got around to getting him the Game Boy he wanted, so he turned to a handily local guitar. Years of 12-hour days attacking that (plus lessons-to-mentoring with seriously iconoclastic local blues guys) revealed a pretty preternatural talent for making a very special kind of bent but lovely pop song. “You know why it’s good? Because it sounds OLD, but it’s NEW!” said Blues Mentor, sparing the world more labored analysis. And that is the connect-the-dots story of how Avi Buffalo became a band—boy meets guitar. It’s a good old story.
 
http://avibuffalomusic.com/about/









Review from Pitchfork:




The ladies and gentlemen of Avi Buffalo are all about 19, and you might say they do a good job acting their age; they\'re ponderous but not brooding, strident yet skeptical, and really, really horny. As his band saunters around him, frontlad Avigdor Zahner-Isenberg finds himself \"lost in your summer cum\" and puzzles over mortality: \"Too much time to die,\" he and bandmate Rebecca Coleman sing in unison, \"and I don\'t wanna die.\" His voice, never too far from a crack, lends that riff on impermanence the same weight as his takes on young lust.

For all their age-appropriate fumbling, Avi Buffalo seem graceful beyond their years as songwriters. As many starkly intimate moments as they muster, a few of their tunes unfurl into near-epic lengths, gallantly breezing through moods and motifs. Snatches of Wilco\'s easy early-2000s amble, Built to Spill\'s curly fretwork, and Shins-y shuffle turn up everywhere here, occasionally all at once. The sound is tangled-- they take the scenic route to their best ideas-- but each move feels carefully considered. Spend enough time unspooling the tunes, and little pockets in these compositions start to open up, revealing an uncommon regard for detail and-- in the case of Zahner-Isenberg\'s guitar flittering-- a rather deft musicianship.

All that helps pass off their sweet, redolent, and pretty damn twee lyrical outlook; \"I\'ve never written a love song,\" Zahner-Isenberg sings several love songs deep into the album, later noting, \"but I will for you,\" and that-- plus a good bit of dirty talk, literal and otherwise-- constitutes their worldview at the moment. But what might come across as merely cutesy from another writer feels deeply felt and finely tuned here; lots of lovesick teenager wannabes dumb it down, but he smarts it up, throwing lots of rich images and headstrong proclamations into his not-always-sweet nothings. It\'s not so much diaristic as it is the kind of too-forward-in-hindsight shit you say to someone you\'re trying to get with at that age; it can be awkward, but it\'s an awkwardness he seems oddly comfortable with.

And Avi Buffalo have every reason to be sure of themselves; this sneakily complex, unsappily sentimental, thoughtfully naïve debut is a very early success. There might be some moments that wander a bit off course, a few solos that could\'ve wound down a minute early, or a couple of lyrics a tad too ribald for their starlit surroundings. But to be young is to be a bit clumsy sometimes, after all. And Avi Buffalo are, as they\'ll remind you, young yet.

— Paul Thompson, April 27, 2010

 
http://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/14175-avi-buffalo/










Tracklist:

01. Truth Sets In (3:35)
02. What\'s In It For? (5:09)
03. Coaxed (4:22)
04. Five Little Sluts (2:56)
05. Jessica (4:23)
06. Summer Cum (3:33)
07. One Last (3:58)
08. Can\'t I Know? (4:29)
09. Remember Last Time (7:28)
10. Where\'s Your Dirty Mind? (5:02)

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avi_Buffalo










ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!

