Adventure sports photographer Tom Bol takes to the snow-covered slopes at Copper Mountain, Colorado (known for its skiing and killer snow boarding half pipes) to capture the extreme action of Winter sports in all its glory. Be prepared to see some amazing shots and learn some techniques for capturing winter activities in your neck of the woods. Includes a special bonus class.


Course Lessons:
Introduction (01:42) Tom Bol introduces you to the course and to David, a Copper Mountain employee, to go over the ski resort's facilities.
 
Gear Guide (08:49) The extreme temperature and wet snow of winter can take a toll on your gear. Plus, getting your gear up a mountain on a ski lift can be tricky. Tom gives you some great tips and goes over the gear he uses when shooting in the snow.
 
Conquering No Contrast (08:51) One of the toughest challenges of winter sports is the fact that snow acts as a giant white reflector in a giant white environment..
 
Adding Flash (04:34) Tom adds some fill light with a soft box to get a more dramatic look to his portraits in the bright sunlight.
 
Getting a Powder Shot (02:49) You only get one chance to get an action shot on a pristine powder surface before having to change the angle.
 
Wide Angle with Fill Flash (06:38) Tom freezes the action and catches the sun with a wide angle, Radio Poppers, high-speed sync and a fast shutter speed.
 
Action Flash Freeze (09:30) It's great if your subject knows the terrain. Eddie (the snowboarder) shows Tom a little cliff with a great background - Perfect for action shots with a quick turnaround time.
 
Super Pipe Action (07:17) As the light changes and the snow begins to fall, Tom switches to one strobe and one chance per pass to catch the big air shot.
 
Action Photo Sequence (05:56) Day 3 brings beautiful blue skies - Perfect for some fast action shots to make a photo sequence composite.
 
Composing a Sunstar Shot (07:16) Tom uses high-speed sync to get a great shot that also catches the sun without ghosting the image.
 
Woodward (00:56) Get a quick overview of the Woodward Training Facility - The world's first indoor ski and snowboard training camp at Copper Mountain.
 
POV Photography (04:41) Inside the Woodward Training Facility, Tom Bol goes over POV (Point of View) photography equipment and shows you some things you can do with it.
 
BONUS: Post-Process Composite Shot (07:55) As a special bonus, Tom Bol shows you how he made the composites featured in Lesson 9.