 http://i29.fastpic.ru/big/2011/1011/bb/b9b178ad8e8f5ccdea0412d3843a29bb.jpeg

Breaking Free: How to Quit Your Job and Start Your Own Business


Preger 
Chris Lauer
2009 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 0313355347 
212 pages 
PDF 
1.19 MB

Breaking Free is about making the transition from working for the man to working for yourself by starting your own business or freelancing. By focusing on the personal experiences, ideas, and actions of a variety of self-employed people—including freelance writers, contractors, service providers, store owners and franchisees, sales reps, and others—this book offers readers deep insights into the ideas and decisions required to make self-employment a reality. Along the way, author and self-employed professional Chris Lauer offers a wealth of practical small-business insights and tips. Breaking Free thus offers would-be entrepreneurs and freelancers something priceless—both the skills and encouragement required to shake free of corporate shackles and take the leap into small-scale entrepreneurship.

Featuring real stories about the initial spark that motivated individuals to pursue independence and entrepreneurship, Breaking Free follows a variety of entrepreneurs as they move from their jobs as employees to the ranks of the self-employed. It also covers the nuts and bolts of self-employment—pricing and marketing services, keeping an eye on the bottom line, and growing the business, among other topics. In addition, Lauer focuses on the advances in technology that make self-employment easier today than ever before. Unlike most books on self-employment, Lauer uses vivid, real-life stories and tips to help would-be entrepreneurs decide the route that is best for them. Experienced entrepreneurs describe how they came up with ideas for their businesses, how they kept their ventures in motion during the early days and over the long term, how they grew, and when they recognized it was time to call it quits and sell or shutter the business. This is not a book for the next Bill Gates, but for the majority of new business owners and those dreaming of creating their own jobs: people ready to take a few risks to make a decent living on their own terms and gain some independence. Both descriptive and prescriptive, Breaking Free presents the latest ways to capitalize on today's many opportunities for self-sufficiency and financial autonomy.


[/color][/quote][/b]