This book sidesteps the international dimension of the Taiwan question to make the case for independence. Davison traces the growth of a distinct Taiwanese cultural identity only partially related to China, arguing that Taiwan's independence is for the island's people alone to decide.”–Edward L. Farmer Professor of History and East Asian Studies, University of Minnesota

“A book of significance to familiarize the world community of scholars and educators with the history of Taiwan since the 17th century. Davison has done a good job in bringing Taiwan's history back to the right track, that is, in Taiwan's own right. It provides a concise account of the historical fates imposed on and experienced by Taiwanese society over the past four centuries, a history of constant outside aggressions and never ending struggles for autonomy from inside. Taiwan has come a long way, as this book argues, to have finally determined its own destiny since the year 2000.”–H. H. Michael Hsiao Executive Director Center for Asian Pacific Area Studies Academia Sinica

“This is, by far, the only book that explores the modern development of Taiwan from a chronological perspective. With fine scholarship, the author successfully blends narration and analysis in a concisely written history that gives voice to Taiwan's leaders, parties, and peoples. The responses of Taiwan's people explain why the idea of independence loomed large as time passed, and the historical perspective featured in the book provides room for further discussion of the Mandate of Taiwan. This book provides not only a good general understanding of the past and present Taiwan but also definitely serves as a good reference for the study of the future of Taiwan.”–Peter Chen-main Wang National Chung Cheng University 
Book Description
This concise account of Taiwan's history offers a compelling argument, based on historical facts, for a plausible declaration of the island's independence.

Hardcover: 160 pages 
Publisher: Praeger (October 30, 2003) 
Language: English 
 
