
Introduzione:

Tutto ha avuto inizio tre anni fa, quando la Yamaha ha lanciato sul mercato il programma Vocaloid, un programma capace di generare canti da una combinazione di melodia e parole. A prestare le proprie corde vocali per le canzoni create dal computer toccò a Saki Fujita, una ragazza di ventitré anni, ben intonata ma poco famosa. Alla voce di Saki corrispondeva un’immagine fumettosa di una sorridente ragazza dalle lunghe trecce blu: Hatsune Miku, un nome scelto per il suo significato: “primo suono del futuro”.

Hatsune Miku non ha una propria voce per cantare e non ha nemmeno un vero corpo. Non esiste, ma ai suoi concerti, in Giappone, si accalcano centinaia di persone.... :happy:

‘MIKUNOPOLIS in LOS ANGELES -Happy to meet you! I’m HATSUNE MIKU- ‘ was Hatsune Miku’s first overseas concert that took place at the NOKIA theatre in Los Angeles, and it will soon be available for all to enjoy on CD, DVD and Blu-Ray! Planned release is for Japan only.

The performance was a part of ANIME EXPO 2011, where over 5000 fans were able to enjoy the event live! The concert itself was an improved version of last year’s ‘Miku’s Day Festival -The 39′s-’ event, and featured guest appearances of Kagamine Rin, Kagamine Len and Megurine Luca. A total of 24 songs including some with English lyrics were in the line-up for the concert, and all were performed by a live acoustic band – they were also all recorded so that everyone who was unable to get to the event will still have the chance to enjoy them! 

Descrizione:

Hatsune Miku is a fictional vocaloid character created by Crypton Future Media and popularized by Sega in their PSP, PS3, and arcade console Project Diva games. With literally hundreds of songs and albums created by studios and independent artists using Miku's vocaloid talents, her musical proliferation (and vocaloid in general) in Japan is larger than Elvis, the Beatles, Michael Jackson, Rolling Stones, Madonna, Britney Spears, and Lady Gaga combined!

This concert was produced by Sega and held in March 2010 at the Zepp Tokyo concert hall located at the popular entertainment complex of Odaiba in Tokyo. It can only hold a little more than 2700 people, but it makes the atmosphere that much more intimate.

This had to be the most unique concert I ever had the pleasure of watching. While showing projections/images on a screen is a not too uncommon occurrence in a concert, this took it to a whole different dimension.

There is a synergy between Miku, who is projected from behind onto a translucent screen, the band playing live in-time with her energetic motion-captured performance, and the audience's participation and enthusiasm.

The translucent projection gives Miku a glowing aura making the CG rendering crisp and vivid. The glow sticks from the fans reflect off the screen making it appear she is surrounded in a sea of them. The projection lamps from behind act as spotlights and flares when the cameras are positioned head-on. With the transparent background Miku is given the illusion that she is supporting herself and the laws of physics seem to apply all the more believably; she is no longer a computer generated character in a pixilated world on a black movie screen, but becomes a brief suspension of a living breathing person crossing the proverbial threshold of substance. And when the line between imagination and reality blurs, mesmerization is inevitable.

Miku is treated as though she is real by both the band and the audience. And the presentation does not make it difficult to almost believe that she is. She is the center of attention (along with Luka, Rin, and Len in various appearances). It's admirable how the band members stay back and allow all attention go to a fictitious character while the audience cheers her on and waves their arms and glow sticks in response to her pre-programmed yet life-like performance. 

[IMG]http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/5458/20505586.jpg[/IMG]

Dettagli:

Lingue: Japponese - Inglese
Formato Video: x264 16:9 712x400 pixel
Formato Audio: mp3 2 canali stereo 128 kbs
Dimensione : 700 megabytes in totale (2 files) circa
fps=29.970

more info at: 
http://www.tntvillage.tk
--------------------------