Date: 05-18-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: David Talbott, Wallace Thornhill, Greg Hunter  
Comparative mythologist Dave Talbott and physicist Wallace Thornhill discussed the theory that Venus was a captured comet, as well as the electrical nature of the universe. Influenced by the work of Velikovsky, Thornhill posited that once Venus came through our solar system as a comet, the exchange of electrical charges modified gravitational forces between bodies in the solar system, allowing Venus to achieve a stable orbit fairly quickly. "Gravity is an electrical force between neutral atoms," he added. 

Talbott has studied ancient accounts of catastrophe, and made connections to "plasma science." Venus was the great doomsday comet depicted in early cultures, "a frightful form in the sky" that was "Earth threatening" and discharging to a spectacular level, he detailed. Thornhill estimated this cataclysm took place 10,000- 12,000 years ago, at the end of the Ice Age. 

The ancients witnessed massive thunderbolts (described as warrior gods' weapons), which Talbott explained were due to a closer planetary configuration with "plasma discharge formations...between these planets [which] gave the form to the cosmic thunderbolt." Mainstream science doesn't recognize such electrical theories of the universe, because it would shake up too much of their standard ideology, he continued. Talbott also spoke of the mythic age of Saturn-- the original sun god, which he believes at one time appeared immense in the sky. 

Return to Gold Standard
First hour guest, investigative reporter Greg Hunter offered commentary on a move to return to the gold standard to back the US dollar. Steve Forbes has come out in favor of this, he noted, as concerns about inflation and US debt grow. Further, we'll see the price of gold continue to rise, Hunter predicted. 

News segment guests: Lauren Weinstein, Jerome Corsi 

Website(s): 
thunderbolts.info
usawatchdog.com
Video(s): 
Symbols of an Alien Sky
Book(s): 
The Electric Universe
Thunderbolts of the Gods
