TwistedBrush Pro Studio v18.18 Portable

TwistedBrush has more than 5,000 brushes available, along with all the features that artists love to use: layers, realistic media, photo cloning, tracing, masks, particles, filters, script recording, scripts to AVI, drawing tablet support, brush shapes, patterns, textures, Adobe compatible plug-in support, integrated scanner support, image brushes, drawing guides, reference image views, dirty brushes, scratch layer, dynamic palettes and a whole lot more.



TwistedBrush Pro Studio Only Features

* 1000's of Brushes: TwistedBrush Pro Studio includes as standard every brush available from Pixarra. Over 7000 at last count covering every area of digital art of great natural media to wild brushes to brushes with that can build a random tree or whole city skyline with a single stroke. Also only available in the Pro Studio version of TwistedBrush is the abilities to import user created brushes from the Pixarra forum.
* Brush Modifiers: Hundreds of quick and easy brush modifiers for changes the brush shape, texture, size, rotation and color combinations.
* Brush Editing: With TwistedBrush Pro Studio full brush editing capabilities are included. Using a specialized sequencing system over 350 brushes effects and 150 time envelopes modify the core brush types to produce the wide range of brushes. Share your brushes with other or import the brush codes from other users for an unlimited supply of brushes.
* Solutions: A one click solution for complex actions. Apply frames, advanced image processing, layouts and other tasks that might normally require significant work have been record for your easy play back.
* Adobe Photoshop (tm) Compatible Plug-ins: Use the wide range of industry standard plug-ins right in within TwistedBrush Pro Studio.
* Many More Features: Explore the wealth of other features in TwistedBrush Pro Studio and TwistedBrush Open Studion such as Blob Modeling, Mask Filters, Alpha Channel Filters, Editing ArtSets for brush management, References Images, Pattern Explorer, Recording your work directly to video, Recording your work to a script that can be played back (Pro), Page Explorer, Random Brush Generation, Auto Page Saving, high performance Undo and Redo, Create a PDF Slideshow, Scanning, Lanczos3 Image Scaling, Paper Textures and of course the extensive range of available brushes!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1300+ torrents                                                                 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay