
It's nice to see a new release from Wobble, the first actual new set since the wonderful Rising Above Bedlam. 
This album continues the mix of world music elements, adding rather more trance dance and techno than the previous album. Still, it's a shifting collage of sound that pulls you from Algeria one moment to Jamaica the next and then manages to mix India with Ireland. 
There seems to be a little more balance this time, too, with far less drastic shifts. 
Congenial fun, good to dance to, and a terrific album to have playing all the time. (AMG)




This is Jah Wobble's most accessible album. 
But that said, it's far from being mainstream, it's too complex, too beautiful. No song is like one other, the music changes, language, singers, rhythm, mood, prose, everything changes - akin to the Red Queen who runs to stay in place, JW moves about building a solid, lasting masterpiece, which yet remains elusive, fluent in all tongues, an abode of the restless. 
In the first sentence of "Hundred Years of Solitude" Gabriel Garcia Marquez depicts a man facing execution while remembering a certain occasion when he was a little boy. The lyrics of "I love everybody", exclaimed with a ranting and callous voice, are similarly cruel but upraising, touching life and beyond. "Becoming more like God" is one of the strangest songs I've ever heard - Pop meets/becomes God, a hymn for a church yet to be founded. 
If you think this seems all too weird, and who is Jah Wobble anyway? don't be put off - the music is fantastic. (Customer from Amazon)


 
http://img848.imageshack.us/img848/3986/frontyj.jpg



01 - God In The Beginning
     Vocals – Andrea Oliver

02 - Becoming More Like God
     Vocals – Anneli Drecker

03 - Whisky Priests
     Vocals – Ximena Tascon

04 - I'm An Algerian
     Vocals – Abdel Ali Slimani, Ximena Tascon

05 - Amor
     Vocals – Spikey T, Ximena Tascon

06 - Amor Dub
     Vocals – Chaka Demus & Pliers

07 - Take Me To God
     Vocals – Abdel Ali Slimani

08 - The Sun Does Rise
     Vocals – Dolores O'Riordan

09 - When The Storm Comes
     Vocals – Anneli Drecker, Natacha Atlas

10 - I Love Everybody
     Vocals – Najma Akhtar

11 - Yoga Of The Nightclub
     Vocals – Gavin Friday, Najma Akhtar

12 - I Am The Music
     Vocals – Jah Wobble

13 - The Bonds Of Love
     Vocals – Andrea Oliver, Gavin Friday

14 - Angels
     Vocals – Baaba Maal, Ximena Tascon

15 - No Change Is Sexy
     Vocals – Jah Wobble

16 - Raga
     Vocals – Najma Akhtar

17 - Forever
     Vocals – Jah Wobble, David Jaymes





Label: Island Records 
Released: 21 Jun 1994 
Catalogue: CID 8017 / 314-524 000-2





Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share
