PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA / Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: 1.11 / SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: 31C954C79A84A47B1EA314B6B075878A418DBBC7
File Size: 1.26 GB
Label: Anthem Entertainment / Columbia





Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


Strange Animal 1985 VCK-80099 *
Lost Brotherhood 1990 CCK 80160 *
But you Can Call Me Larry 1993 CCK 80183 759787T  * (ripped with Samsung SH-S223L)
Best Of 1997 CK 80306 *


*Denotes My Rip




If anybody else has some of Gowan's other works please do make available! 






Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Lawrence Gowan (born November 22, 1956) is a Scottish-born Canadian musician. Gowan has been both a solo artist and the current keyboardist and vocalist of the band Styx. His musical style is usually classified in the category of progressive rock.

At the age of nineteen, he earned an ARCT in classical piano performance from the Royal Conservatory of Music, in Toronto, Ontario. Upon graduation, he enjoyed modest local success with the band Rhinegold in 1976.

After the band broke up five years later, Gowan began what was to become a very long and successful solo career under the stage name Gowan, releasing his first album under that name in 1982, which was produced by Rob Freeman and featured Kim Mitchell of Max Webster fame on guitar. This album contained the singles "Victory", "Give In" and "Keep Up the Fight". His 1985 album Strange Animal was his commercial breakthrough in Canada, produced by British producer David Tickle and featuring a more 'theatrical' Gowan, backed by Peter Gabriel's rhythm section players Tony Levin and Jerry Marotta. The album spawned the hit singles "A Criminal Mind", "(You're a) Strange Animal", "Guerilla Soldier" and "Cosmetics". His 1987 follow up Great Dirty World gave him another hit single with "Moonlight Desires," featuring Jon Anderson (from Yes) on backing vocals as well as the fan favourite "Dedication".

1990's Lost Brotherhood had a harder rock sound, and featured such players as Red Rider member Ken Greer, ex Coney Hatch six-stringer Steve Shelski and Rush's Alex Lifeson. It produced the singles "Lost Brotherhood", "All the Lovers in the World", and "Out of a Deeper Hunger". This was Gowan's first album for Anthem Records and his first US release.

He released the more acoustic, adult contemporary ...but you can call me Larry in 1993 under his full name, returning to the Canadian pop charts with "When There's Time for Love", "Soul's Road" and "Dancing on My Own Ground". He subsequently released The Good Catches Up in 1995, which featured the single "Guns and God", which received moderate airplay in Canada. Also that same year, Gowan was part of an all-star lineup at Toronto's Massey Hall to celebrate Ronnie Hawkins' 60th birthday, as documented on the album Let It Rock, sharing the stage with veteran rockers Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins and The Band. In 1997, Gowan released two live CDs: Sololive - No Kilt Tonight containing a rendition of Ragtime's classic "King Chanticleer Rag", and Au Québec with a cover of Harmonium's "Pour un instant" as well as his first composition in French, "Stéphanie", for his fan base in the province of Quebec.

In 1997, Gowan released "Healing Waters" as a tribute to Diana, Princess of Wales after her death. "Healing Waters" was officially an unreleased song from Gowan, though it was used, in its original form, in the 1995 Jeff Wincott movie, When the Bullet Hits the Bone.

His song "A Criminal Mind" was covered in 2005 by Canadian hip-hop artist Maestro; Gowan appears in the video and his vocals are sampled on the track. The song was also sampled in a song performed by Akon and Freck Billionaire.

He also guest-starred on the Canadian animated comedy series Chilly Beach.

In February 2006, Gowan did four orchestra-accompanied concerts in London, Ontario and Kitchener, Ontario. Also in 2006, his home was featured on MTV's Cribs.

In March 2010, Gowan released "Return of the Strange Animal", a remastered version of 1985's "Strange Animal" plus a making-of documentary and music videos on DVD.[1] In May 2010, Gowan performed two solo shows in support of the 25th anniversary of the "Strange Animal" album.

In 1996 during Styx's "Return to the Paradise Theatre" tour, Gowan performed as a supporting act for Styx at Montreal's Molson Centre and Quebec City's Colisée.

Tommy Shaw admired his talent and vibrant stage charisma, and called him in May 1999 asking him to tour with them for 53 dates, replacing their lead singer Dennis DeYoung. Since then, Gowan's classic hit, "A Criminal Mind", is often played by Styx.

DeYoung's absence proved a convenient opportunity for a more permanent restructuring of Styx – which had long been plagued by differences in artistic inclination. Gowan subsequently became the band's permanent vocalist. He says "I was in after the third gig".[citation needed]

Styx's 2003 album Cyclorama was Gowan's first studio album with the band. Gowan sings two songs on Cyclorama, "Fields of the Brave" and "More Love for the Money", both of which have an easily recognizable Gowan signature. He then continued recording with Styx for their 2005 album, Big Bang Theory.








Strange Animal 1985


Tracks: 


Cosmetics
Desperate
City of The Angels
Walking On Air
Burning Torches Of Hope
Keep The Tension On
Guerilla Soldier
(You're A) Strange Animal
A Criminal Mind







Lost Brotherhood 1990


Tracks: 


All The Lovers In The World
Lost Brotherhood
Call It A Mission
The Dragon
Love makes You Believe
Fire It Up
Out Of Deeper Hunger
Tender Young Hero
Message from Heaven
Holding This Rage








...But You Can Call Me Larry 1993



Tracks: 


Soul's Road
When There's Time (For Love)
Innocent
Your Stone Walls
Dancing On My Own Ground
Cry On My Shoulder
Moonchild's Psychedelic Holiday
You Never Let Go
(In The) Wild Summer Night
Last Laugh
Little Face








Best Of 1997


Tracks: 


A Criminal Mind 
You're A Strange Animal 
Guerrilla Soldier 
Cosmetics 
Moonlight Desires 
Awake The Giant 
All The Lovers In The World 
Lost Brotherhood 
Out Of A Deeper Hunger 
When There's Time For Love 
Dancing On My Own Ground 
Soul's Road 
Your Stone Walls 
Dedication
These Eyes (by Burton Cummings)
Healing Waters...For Diana: Queen of Hearts





Enjoy :)
