Requirements: Android 2.2+
Overview: The first console-quality water racing game for mobile, exclusively for Tegra.


Riptide GP is the first ever console-quality water racing game for mobile, created by Vector Unit, the developers of Xbox 360 hit Hydro Thunder Hurricane.
Rev up your supercharged jet ski and take a wild ride through twisting canals and rivers, futuristic cityscapes, and mysterious research facilities. Skill, stunts, and speed will be your best allies as you grab massive air off huge waves, kick out death-defying tricks, and boost your jet ski to victory across a dynamic, ever-changing torrent of foam and spray.

NEW: RIPTIDE GOES WIDE!
We now support many Android devices, including the Galaxy S, Nexus S, Droid X, Xperia Play, and many more.
Please note that Riptide GP is a processor intensive game. We strongly encourage you to try the game immediately after buying to test compatibility with your device.

GAMEPAD SUPPORT!
The ultimate console-quality mobile racing experience just got even more console-y! Now you can kick back on your couch and play Riptide GP with your Bluetooth or USB gamepad. (USB gamepads only supported on Android 3.1 or higher.)

Designed from the ground up to take full advantage of your NVIDIA® Tegra™ powered phone or tablet, Riptide GP features super-realistic water physics, real-time reflections, and gorgeous high-detail vehicles and environments.

Features:
+ Explore 12 futuristic water raceways
+ Unlock and master 6 screaming fast jet skis
+ 3 game modes: Race, Hot Lap, and Championship
+ Grab massive air and perform dramatic stunts to earn boost
+ Alter your environment mid-race with interactive triggers
+ Earn Achievements, post to Leaderboards, and race against your Friends' best split times with integrated OpenFeint™ support
+ Designed specifically for phones and tablets using NVIDIA’s Tegra2, the world’s first mobile superchip.
+ Easy and fun to pick up and play – delightfully challenging to master

Game updates:
fix some equipment compatibility issues (including the Samsung Galaxy S2) 