Flashpoint was released Feb 2, 1991. It was recorded on the Steel Wheels (American) and Urban Jungle (European) tours during 1989-90. It was their 6th live album (the most recent had been 10 years earlier - Still Life). The tracks on the album were actually recorded as follows:
.....11-25-89 Jacksonville
.....11-26-89 Clemson SC
.....12-19-89 Atlantic City
.....2-26/27-90 Toyko
.....6-14-90 Barcelona
.....7-6-90 Wembley (also filmed for the IMAX film and their 1st DVD release)
There was a special quad gatefold edition of the album (which is now out of print) that included a 2nd disc (titled Collectibles) of rare, extended version, or dance mix tracks previously released only on 12" vinyl singles or as B sides.

Many reviewers consider this either their best live album or the 2nd best (after the 1970 release Get Your Ya Ya's Out). The album includes the UK single Highwire and the US single Sex Drive, both of which are studio tracks added to the live tracks from the tour. In addition it has the live version of Ruby Tuesday that was released as a CD single in the UK along with Play With Fire, You Can't Always Get What You Want, and Undercover Of The Night (all live versions from the album). Flashpoint also includes what many people think is the best version they ever did of Little Red Rooster (it features Eric Clapton on lead). Most people know the music, so in my reviews I try to give you data on the sessions and interesting facts connected with the songs and the album. Here we go:

Interesting notes include:
.....the 115th show of the combined Steel Wheels and Urban Jungle tours at Wembly Stadium in London was the last live performance with Bill Wyman (it was filmed on IMAX cameras and is available as the DVD The Rolling Stones Live at the MAX)
.....the Steel Wheels tour set a new American attendance record of 3.4 million, they sold out 10 shows in Tokyo, and the Urban Jungle tour included their 1st shows in East Germany and Czechoslovakia where a ticket was recognized as a one day passport for Hungarians and Poles...the combined tours grossed $200 million
.....the first show of the tour (at JFK Stadium in Philadelphia) was loud enough they blew a generator (causing 3 minutes of silence in the middle of Shattered)....they dropped the song from the setlist for the remainder of the tour
.....this was the first gargantuan stage tour....Steel Wheels featured blow up bimbos (named Angie and Ruby) during Honky Tonk Women and a diversionary lightning effect while Mick rode an elevator 8 stories up to a high stage where he sang Sympathy in a hellishly lighted cloud of smoke (because there were already so many live versions of these two songs on other albums, neither made it to the CD releases)....Urban Jungle featured two rabid canines (with erections) to go with the recently released single Terrifying.

This information comes from "It's Only Rock And Roll: The Ultimate Guide To The Rolling Stones" by Karnbach and Bernson and from my own collection, with some of the notes from Davis' "Old Gods Almost Dead." Both books are available from amazon.com.

by Richard R. Carlton

TRACKLIST:

01 - (Intro) Continental Drift.wma                                    
02 - Start Me Up.wma                                                  
03 - Sad Sad Sad.wma                                                  
04 - Miss You.wma                                                     
05 - Rock And A Hard Place.wma                                        
06 - Ruby Tuesday.wma                                                 
07 - You Can't Always Get What You Want.wma                           
08 - Factory Girl.wma                                                 
09 - Can't Be Seen.wma                                                
10 - Little Red Rooster.wma                                           
11 - Paint In Black.wma                                               
12 - Sympathy For The Devil.wma                                       
13 - Brown Sugar.wma                                                  
14 - Jumpin' Jack Flash.wma                                           
15 - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction.wma                                
16 - Highwire.wma                                                     
17 - Sex Drive.wma               

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	