Beatles for Sale and Help! are considered "holding pattern" works and are less revered by critics because they didn't introduce any great innovations or ground-breaking ideas. But I don't think that does these albums justice. Sure, most of the lyrical concerns are still love-oriented, but many of the lyrics are becoming increasing complex. Even a song like Yesterday shows a real maturity in the lyrics.
The songs offered here are the Beatles at the top of their game, in my opinion. Gorgeous melodies, catchy hooks, great harmony singing and sharp musicianship abound. The Beatles were becoming increasing facile in the studio, and it shows. The strength of songs like Help, Ticket to Ride and Yesterday are legend, but there are many other real gems on this album. You've Got to Hide Your Love Away, It's Only Love and Your Going to Lose That Girl are classic mid-period Lennon; McCartney answers with the rocking Another Girl and The Night Before, not to mention the beautiful, folky I've Just Seen a Face, all extremely underrated. 

Harrison gets two songs on this album, and asserts himself well with the lovely pop of I Need You and You Like Me Too Much. Maybe not up to the dizzying heights of Lennon & McCartney songsmithing, but getter closer. 

This leaves "filler" like Act Naturally, Tell Me What You See and Dizzy Miss Lizzy. Just listen to Lennon's vocal performance on Dizzy Miss Lizzy and try calling it filler...though admittedly, the guitar riff grates on one after a while. Ringo's "aw, shucks" reading of Act Naturally is PERFECT (and SO appropriate) and Lennon & McCartney's magical harmonies lift Tell Me What You See well above the pedestrian.

That's it. Overwhelming evidence, well presented, that this is not just a mediocre holding pattern album, but classic mid-period Beatles. It's now up to you, members of the juke-box jury.

I'll say no more. 

by "gordon@ruraltel.net"

TRACKLIST:

01 - Help!.wma                                              
02 - The Night Before.wma                                   
03 - You've Got To Hide Your Love Away.wma                  
04 - I Need You.wma                                         
05 - Another Girl.wma                                       
06 - You're Going To Lose That Girl.wma                     
07 - Ticket To Ride.wma                                     
08 - Act Naturally.wma                                      
09 - It's Only Love.wma                                     
10 - You Like Me Too Much.wma                               
11 - Tell Me What You See.wma                               
12 - I`ve Just Seen A Face.wma                              
13 - Yesterday.wma                                          
14 - Dizzy Miss Lizzy.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB