CyberLink Power2Go 8.0.0.1031 Multilanguage

CyberLink Power2Go – Next Generation Burning with the full functionality to back up your files, create audio CDs and burn CDs, DVDs, Blu-ray Discs(BD) provides you with the best way to maximize your disc burning capabilities. Using Power2Go with drag and drop feature, you can create a data backup, music or movie disc easily and quickly. The software supports the most complete range of disc formats on the market today. It also comes with an abundance of handy disc utilities to help you with the disc creation process. Industrial grade encryption, more creativity and control of your media files with a robust engine that take care of all your burning needs. Designed for both home and enterprise users, Power2Go provides the security that enterprises crave and the ease of use that home users want. Power2Go also includes a set of media tool that lets you share your media files in style. Power2Go also supports the latest Blu-ray format – BDXL. With BDXL, you can burn up to 128GB (4 layers) on a single Blu-ray disc.

The All-Media Disc Burning Software:
- Burn files & copy discs to BDXL, Blu-ray, DVDs & CDs
- Encrypt (256-bit) and safeguard files on discs
- Make interactive photo gallery discs
- Create pro-like video DVDs, burn audio CDs, & rip MP3s
- Fast and easy burning by Drag ‘n’ Drop to desktop gadget
Key features:
- Burn Any Media to Any Disc: CD, DVD+/-, Blu-ray disc or even the latest 128GB BDXL, Power2Go 7 has got you covered. With support for all disc formats, you can simply insert your disc, select your files and let Power2Go handle the rest.
- Safeguard Your data: Losing your Disc is a nightmare especially when it contains sensitive data. Encrypt your disc with Power2Go’s 256-bit industrial strength encryption and your data will be safe from unauthorized access.
- Drag and Drop Burning: Desktop Gadget allows you to burn your files right from your desktop. For more control, simply open Power2Go and drag and drop the files like you would in Windows Explorer.
- Copy your Disc the Smart way: Finding it difficult and frustrating to copy your entire disc on Windows? Power2Go lets you duplicate your CDs, unprotected DVDs and Blu-ray Discs easily. Or you can simply copy your disc as a disc image for future use. Enjoy the easiest Data burning experience.
- Disc Image Viewer: No more second-guessing what is in that .ISO image file. Power2Go comes with a disc image viewer so you can access and extract files and folders directly from an .ISO image onto your hard drive without the need to burn to a disc.
- Rip, Edit and Burn your Audio: Want to copy a song from your favorite CD or extract a soundtrack from your video? Let Power2Go rip and extract your audio files for you. Includes WaveEditor so you can trim or enhance your tunes before distributing them.
Turn your Photos and Videos into a Masterpiece
- Interactive HD Photo Gallery: Power2Go’s new Photo Gallery Creator lets you showcase your photos as an interactive slideshow in their original HD image quality. With support for text and Internet link, it is perfect for company profiles and catalogues.
- Pro-like Video Disc Authoring: Give your video disc a new look with a stylish, professional looking DVD menu. Customizable with your own videos, pictures and text, create a menu that best suits your needs while you are burning your DVDs.
- Unlimited FREE Menu Templates: Wish to have a new menu for every disc you created? Now you can. DirectorZone offers free downloading of an unlimited number of DVD menu templates designed by DirectorZone members.





-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they\'re 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don\'t use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it\'s not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don\'t have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1300+ torrents                                                                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	