Summary:

To quote Bad Day at Black Rock, a man is as big as what'll make him mad. By this criteria, South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone are giants. Fanaticism of any stripe, steroids, vapid pop culture icons marketed as role models for impressionable youth, and mass merchants encroaching on small town life are just some of the hot button issues tackled in South Park's eighth season. Of course, South Park is not above (or beneath) stooping to conquer, as witness "Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset," which climaxes in a "whore-off" featuring--you guessed it--Paris Hilton. Sure, Paris is an easy target, as is Michael Jackson (portrayed in the episode "The Jeffersons" not as a child molester, but as an infantile parent who needs to grow up). But just as a segment of the population tunes in to The Daily Show to get Jon Stewart and company's satirical take on the day's news, so do South Park fans eagerly await Parker and Stone's perspective on the zeitgeist. Which brings us to the season's most infamous episode, "The Passion of the Jew," in which Kyle is devastated by Mel Gibson's brutalizing epic, Cartman is transformed into Gibson's Hitlerian apostle, and an unimpressed Stan and Kenny try in vain to get their money back from Gibson himself, a loony toon with a penchant for torture. And while Janet Jackson's Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction is old news, South Park's response, "Good Times with Weapons," remains a relevant satire of misplaced parental priorities, not to mention an anime-stylized tour-de-force in which the boys purchase martial arts weapons at a county fair and imagine themselves as ninja warriors.

In one of Stone and Parker's candid mini-commentaries, available as a listening option on each episode, the duo grade this season a B+. Give them extra credit, then, for such seriously (or hilariously) twisted episodes as the one (whose title cannot be printed here) that sends up the film You Got Served, and the instant holiday classic "Woodland Critter Christmas," with its Satan-worshiping forest creatures, and a brilliant surprise ending that echoes Chuck Jones's classic cartoon Duck Amuck, in which the unseen animator tormenting poor Daffy is revealed to be none other than Bugs "Ain't I a stinker?" Bunny. --Donald Liebenson
Product Description
All fourteen episodes from South Park’s out-of-control eighth season are now available for the first time in this exclusive 3-disc collector’s set. Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman find themselves in the middle of hot-button political issues and celebrity shenanigans. Season eight is capped off with a very special Christmas episode done in the way only South Park does Christmas! For these four boys, it’s all part of growing up in South Park!

Audio For All Episodes:


Encoding - VBR (Variable BitRate)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 107kb/s
Language - English


Video For All Episodes:

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Codec - XViD (XviD ISO MPEG-4)
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 771kb/s
Frames per Second - 23.976
Resolution - 512 x 384

Episode List:

"Good Times With Weapons"
Original air Date: 2004-03-17
"South Park" takes on the look of Japanese Anime. The boys are transformed into Japanese Warriors after they buy martial arts weapons at a local flea market. Their sworn enemy, Professor Chaos, confronts them and a highly stylized battle ensues.

"AWESOM-O"
Original air Date: 2004-04-14
Cartman dresses up like a robot, calls himself AWESOM-O, and moves in with Butters. His plan is to learn all of Butter's innermost secrets and then use them against him. While Butters is thrilled to have found a new best friend, the Army believes AWESOM-O is some new secret weapon, and Hollywood is after the phony robot to develop their next big blockbuster.

"Up the Down Steroid"
Original air Date: 2004-03-24
Jimmy is in training for an upcoming sporting event and he's determined to win at any cost. Cartman feels he can easily take first place against Jimmy. He just has to convince the qualifying committee he's handicapped.

"The Passion of the Jew"
Original air Date: 2004-03-31
Kyle finally sees "The Passion" and is forced to admit Cartman has been right all along. Meanwhile many of the film's hardcore fans band together under Cartman's leadership to carry out it's message.

"You Got F****d in the Ass"
Original air Date: 2004-04-07
It's up to Stan to put a team of South Park's best dancers together to compete against a rival troupe from Orange County. While Butters has won awards for his dancing, he refuses to help Stan out, as he hasn't been able to dance since the tragic death of eight audience members at his last competition.

"Goobacks"
Original air Date: 2004-04-28
Humans from the year 4035 are arriving in droves in South Park! Everything gets a little too crowded when people from the future arrive through a recently discovered time portal. When the boys try to earn some extra money, the time immigrants, who are willing to do the same work for next to nothing, take their jobs.

"The Jeffersons"
Original air Date: 2004-04-21
All the children of South Park are attracted to "Mr. Jefferson," his son and their home filled with games, toys and animals. Cartman goes out of his way to get "Mr. Jefferson" to love him while the local police force resent him for being black and wealthy and decide bring him down.

"Douche and Turd"
Original air Date: 2004-10-27
When PETA demonstrates against the use of a cow as South Park Elementary’s mascot, the student body is forced to choose a new one. As the election approaches, Kyle tries to convince everyone that his candidate, a giant douche, is better than Cartman’s nominee, a turd sandwich.

"Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes"
Original air Date: 2004-11-03
The streets of South Park are like a ghost-town when a giant Wall-Mart lures all the townspeople to the new store with its incredible bargains. Cartman becomes a boy possessed by the power of Wall-Mart and its low, low prices. In order to save their town, Stan and Kyle have to find a way to destroy the ever-expanding superstore while keeping Cartman from stabbing them in the back.

"Pre-School"
Original air Date: 2004-11-10
For five long years, Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Cartman and Butters have kept a secret about an illegal incident that happened back in pre-school. Now, the kid who took the fall for the group, Trent Boyett, is getting out of "juvie" and his first order of business is revenge.

"Quest for Ratings"
Original air Date: 2003-11-17
The boys of South Park produce their own morning news show on the school’s closed-circuit television station and are immediately caught up in the intense competition for ratings.

"Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset"
Original air Date: 2004-12-01
All the fourth grade girls idolize a rich, famous and spoiled socialite. They even have her brand new toy set that comes complete with video camera, night vision filter, play money and losable cell phone. In an effort to impress their idol, the girls pursue the boys to make their own videos.

"Cartman's Incredible Gift"
Original air Date: 2004-12-08
After sustaining a severe head injury, Cartman appears to have the power to see into the future. South Park detectives are quick to enlist his help in cracking unsolved murder cases and Cartman is more than willing to help, for a price. In the meantime, a group of "licensed" psychics cry foul when Cartman refuses to join their ranks.

"Woodland Critter Christmas"
Original air Date: 2004-12-15
Stan is approached by the forest critters and asked to help them build a manger in anticipation of the birth of their Lord and Savior. Stan complies, only to find out that they serve a very different Lord.

Other Information:

I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!