Year of manufacture : 2008
Genre : Action
Developer : Insomniac Games
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Code disc : BCUS98120
Publication Type : license
Completeness : FULL
Language: English
Type of translation : No
Description:
  Continued Hurricane fighter, created specifically for the PlayStation 3, once again takes you into the dark alternate reality where the Earth has undergone invasion of aggressive monsters. In the title role - an old friend Sergeant Nathan Hale, who left the ravaged London and returned to the U.S.. There he joined the program "Sentinels" to prepare for the invasion of monsters in America. And they do not have to wait ...

In addition to exciting single player campaign the game contains new network mode, which ensures a completely new feeling of grandiose battles. Up to eight participants can join the group and challenge the dangerous creatures in the joint campaign. Levels for the collective movement designed separately, so do not copy scenes from the "solo" game. They are designed for part of a whole team of fighters, making them ideal for mass confrontation.

* Unrivaled scale! You are waiting for a fundamental clash with whole hordes of new monsters, deadly vehicles and monstrous "boss."
* The dark history. Chilling plot and atmosphere of dying civilization will leave no one indifferent.
* Team battles. In multiplayer mode on the battlefield can go up to 60 players, divided into several teams. They confront each other and perform special tasks.
* Joint passage. To confront a ruthless monster can vvosmerom - levels for cooperative play different scenes from a single campaign. They were designed specifically with the expectation of the involvement of several soldiers.
Characters to choose from. When coupled with the passage of available characters of three classes: Soldier, Medic and Special agent. Crush the enemy by brute force, covering it with fire from machine guns. Kill from afar with a sniper rifle. Treat your teammates to do the trick!
* At the peak shape! PlayStation 3 - the most technologically advanced of all modern consoles, and Resistance 2 that power turns into a stunning eye-popping graphics.