The Rolling Stones seem to have recorded a score of live albums over time, some of which are terrific to listen to (think "Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out" or the intriguing "Four Flicks") and others of which are merely adequate. This, the sound track from Martin Scorsese's concert film, "Shine a Light," is in the former category. It is hard to believe that the Stones are in their 60s. This CD shows them with great energy, although time's effects are apparent as, for instance, in hearing how limited Mick Jagger's vocal range has become. Nonetheless, this is a great amount of fun to listen to! 22 cuts (some not in the documentary, but added later on). 

It begins with one of the great rock and roll riffs of all time, in "Jumping Jack Flash." And then it hits you--this song was a hit 40 years ago. How can guys as old as the Stones are still make this work? A great start to the CD. "Shattered" follows quickly. Again, the thought. This is a 30 year old song--and still performed with gusto and spirit. 

On the first CD is a little treasure. Buddy Guy, legendary bluesman, joins the band in a Muddy Waters' song, "Champagne and Reefer." The first couple lines give one a sense of the song: 

"Bring me champagne when I'm thirsty, 
Bring me reefer when I want to get high." 

Guy adds his great blues voice and some smoking guitar work. Jagger and Guy alternate singing the lines, and Guy's blues singing is a wonder to listen to. When all the guitars are playing, one almost gets a sense of a wall of sound from those guitars--with Charlie Watts' steady drumming providing a rock solid rhythm foundation. 

The second CD provides some more rich music. This side begins with the creepy "Sympathy for the Devil," again well played and sung. A couple songs later, "Start Me Up." Another wall of guitar sound from Ronnie Wood and Keith Richards, underlain by the rhythm section, Watts and Darryl Jones. Watts' drumming is primal and creates a powerful base for vocals and guitars. The chunky guitar work of Wood and Richards is compelling. Then, "Brown Sugar." This was a hit well over 30 years ago, but it still has life as played by the band and its "friends," such as Bobby Keys. The audience sing along toward the end provides a sense of spontaneity. A classic Rolling Stones' moment. Then, the third in the trio of songs in this section of the concert--"Satisfaction." As soon as one hears the fuzz tone, the toes start tapping. Jagger's voice is not as agile as it used to be, but he nonetheless puts some life into this over 40 year old song. 

Some rarities show up in this concert, songs not often played by the Stones on their tours over the past couple decades, such as "Shine a Light," "You Got the Silver," and "Loving Cup." And one song worth mentioning, since it is another golden oldie--"I'm Free." This goes back to the early days of the Rolling Stones (originally released in 1965). A terrific blues rock song. 

"I'm free to sing my song, 
Even though it's out of time." 

Anyhow, one of their finest live recordings. Age has had some impact. Jagger's voice isn't as agile as it used to be. But, nonetheless, this works and works well as a concert CD.

by Steven A. Peterson

TRACKLIST:
Disc 1:
01 - Jumpin' Jack Flash.wma                                           
02 - Shattered.wma                                                    
03 - She Was Hot.wma                                                  
04 - All Down The Line.wma                                            
05 - Loving Cup (With Jack White III).wma                             
06 - As Tears Go By.wma                                               
07 - Some Girls.wma                                                   
08 - Just My Imagination.wma                                          
09 - Faraway Eyes.wma                                                 
10 - Champagne & Reefer (With Buddy Guy).wma                          
11 - Tumbling Dice.wma                                                
12 - Band Introductions.wma                                           
13 - You Got The Silver.wma                                           
14 - Connection.wma            

Disc 2:
01 - Martin Scorsese Intro.wma                                        
02 - Sympathy For The Devil.wma                                       
03 - Live With Me.wma                                                 
04 - Start Me Up.wma                                                  
05 - Brown Sugar.wma                                                  
06 - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction.wma                                
07 - Paint It, Black.wma                                              
08 - Undercover Of The Night.wma                                      
09 - Little T&a.wma                                                   
10 - I'm Free.wma                                                     
11 - Shine A Light.wma    

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!	