DCOM DISNEY CHANNEL ORIGINAL MOVIE

Avalon High 2010 NL Dutch Subtitled SDTV DVDR-5 PAL - Disney Channel Netherlands NL
Recorded from Analog TV from Disney Channel Netherlands with the Sony RDR-AT105 DVDR-5-Video files based on a Single VOB file that you can direct burn on DVD 4,7GB Disc, or watch them without breaks on your PC/Mac!

Size: 3,24GB
Compression: MPEG2 
Extension: VOB
Audio Language/Taal: English/Engels Stereo AC3 265kbps
Subtitles/Ondertitels : Dutch/Nederlands Nederlandse
Ondertiteld Subtitled Subs NL Ondertiteling
Alone Hard Coded subs
Region/Regio: 4:3 Normal PAL free/vrij
IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1614950/
Rapid.Share: http://freetexthost.com/eavuh00svw
Pass: cuiopa (Only to see links, Rars don\\\'t have password)
(With this service you can download this movie at maximum speed without seeding, but it required paying, and this download can be blocked by Disney)

United States
Family / Fantasy
86 Minutes

directed by Stuart Gillard
with Brittany Robertson, Gregg Sulkin and Joey Pollari

Allie Pennington (Britt Robertson) is transferred to a new school (Avalon High) where she discovers that her new classmates are reincarnations of King Arthur and his court. Now her mission is to solve the school's mystery before Mordred wins again. Allie also meets the high school football quarterback, Will Wagner (Gregg Sulkin) who brings the Arthurian legend alive at a contemporary high school. Allie believes that Will is King Arthur and that a mean classmate Marco is Mordred, but it turns out that Marco is another Knight while Mr. Moore, one of her teachers is Mordred. It's revealed that Allie herself is King Arthur when she draws a plastic sword and it turns into Excalibur. Allie and her friends battle Mordred and after Miles (Merlin reincarnated) summons Merlin's staff away from Mordred, Allie defeats him. Mordred tries to have her arrested in the real world, but she turns Excalibur back into a plastic sword and Mordred/Mr. Moore is taken away as the police think he's insane. Having found out that his girlfriend, Jen and best friend, Lance were dating behind his back, Will manages to win the game for his football team by a touchdown. He and Allie kiss and become a couple. Allie and her friends (including Marco) imagine they're Arthur & The Knights of The Round Table and wield their swords on top of the table.

‘Avalon High’ gaat over Allie Pennington die dolblij is wanneer ze te horen krijgt dat ze naar een nieuwe school, Avalon High, gaat. Na jarenlang geen vaste school te hebben is ze blij dat ze eindelijk een normale studente kan zijn. Het duurt echter niet lang voordat Allie ontdekt dat Avalon High niet zomaar een school is. Tijdens een onderzoek voor haar verslag over Koning Arthur ziet Allie enorm veel vergelijkingen tussen Koning Arthur en zijn hofhouding en haar klasgenoten, Will Wagner, Miles en Marco. Hoe meer Allie op onderzoek uitgaat hoe meer ze ervan overtuigd is dat haar school een modern Camelot is. Ze besluit er achter te komen wat voor mysterieus er aan de hand is voordat de beruchte Mordred weer wint.

Please seed to a minimum of 1.000 to keep the torrent online!
Thank you!			