 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61bH-p757kL.jpg


Title: A Cherry Cherry Christmas
Artist: Neil Diamond
Audio CD (October 13, 2009)
Original Release Date: 2009
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Cherry Cherry Christmas
02. Sleigh Ride
03. Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas
04. White Christmas
05. Christmas Dream
06. The Christmas Song
07. Deck The Halls/We Wish You a Merry Christmas
08. Jingle Bell Rock
09. You Make It Feel Like Christmas
10. Winter Wonderland
11. Joy to the World
12. Amazing Grace
13. Meditations on a Winter Night (Instrumental)
14. The Chanukah Song


Amazon Description:
2009 holiday album from the veteran singer, songwriter and performer. Includes the brand new original Christmas song, 'Cherry Cherry Christmas', written and recorded by Neil in 2009. In a musical career that has spanned nearly five decades, Neil Diamond has sold more than 125 million albums worldwide, with a remarkable track record of 16 Top Ten albums (three of them in the last five years alone) and 37 Top Ten singles. Neil is a Grammy- winning artist, he has been inducted into the Songwriter's Hall Of Fame, to date he has received a golden Globe award and 12 Grammy nominations, and was named the 2009 MusiCares Person Of The Year. 

Allmusic Review:
Neil Diamond's first two holiday albums were plainly titled The Christmas Album and The Christmas Album, Vol. 2, which gave a pretty good indication of the by-the-book music they contained, just like how the very name of 2009's A Cherry Cherry Christmas is a tip-off that this collection is a decidedly less serious affair, even if it recycles a good chunk of the same recordings that comprised those earlier albums. A Cherry Cherry Christmas keeps a barbershop quartet arrangement of "Deck the Halls," a doo wop "White Christmas," and a swinging "Jingle Bell Rock," but what's notable are the additions: a ridiculous, self-celebrating "Cherry Cherry Christmas" that's trumped only by a goofy cover of Adam Sandler's "Chanukah Song." These two new cuts make Diamond seem like the garrulous uncle at your family's holiday party, the one who is eager to prove how cool he is, which only makes him seem all the more out of touch. 

