Alexander V. Inzartsev, "Underwater Vehicles"
IN-TECH | 2009 | ISBN: 9789537619497 | 582 pages | PDF 

Preface
The book offered to your attention, is dedicated to unmanned underwater vehicles
(UUV). The UUV family is known to have two separate branches: the Remotely Operated
Vehicles (ROV) and Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUV). Each branch has its advantages and limitations, and specific tasks. The difference between AUVs and ROVs is that AUVs employ “intelligence”, such as sensing and automatic decision making. They have predefined plan of operations in its “mind” allowing them to perform tasks autonomously.

ROVs are controlled remotely by a human with the help of communication links on the
basis of tether (cable, fiber optic, etc). However, the application of AUV technology to ROVs (transformation them into “smart” ROVs) is decreasing the differences between the branches. Originally there was the word "intelligent" at the book's title, which as it seems to me, correctly reveals tendencies of UUVs evolution. So, AUVs are the main theme of the most articles included in the book.

For the latest two - three decades in the various countries having leading position in the sea technologies, the significant number of AUVs has been created for the solving of wide spectrum of scientific and applied tasks of ocean development and research. For the short time period the AUVs have shown the efficiency at performance of complex search and inspection works and opened a number of new important applications. Initially the information about AUVs had mainly review-advertising character but now more attention is paid to practical achievements, problems and systems technologies. AUVs are losing their prototype
status and have become a fully operational, reliable and effective tool.

Modern multi-purpose AUVs represent the new class of underwater robotic objects with inherent tasks and practical applications, particular features of technology, systems structure and functional properties.

The problems connected with AUVs creation and development are versatile and in many cases do not have the complete solutions yet. Expansion of vehicles functionality is also associated with the solution of some new theoretical problems. 

These are problems of control and navigation, orientation in underwater space, "intellectualization"of vehicles behavior, gathering and accumulation of the various environmental information and, at last, AUVs safety in design modes and in critical situations.AUV creation belongs to number of the most priority tendencies in sea technologies. One of driving motives in the development of AUVs is human safety in underwater operations. 

Experience of the United States, Canada, Japan and European countries indicates capability of autonomous vehicles to solve the wide range of problems. Some examples of AUV applications include bathymetric and environmental mapping, marine geological survey, underice deployment, pipeline and cables tracking, inspection and light intervention tasks, ecological monitoring, and a number of other applications including military ones. These different applications cover a variety of AUVs, from handheld gliders to large and heavy ones, and although AUVs are not the solution to all underwater operations they can offer a great increase in effectiveness.


The materials of the book cover the basic problems, development tendencies and application
scopes of AUVs, namely:
• navigation problems;
• motion control methods and dynamics questions;
• AUV structure (including, mechanics, hard- & software);
• inspection of underwater communications;
• obstacle avoidance technique;
• ecological monitoring and pollution localization;
• automatic AUV docking;
• bio-robotic (fish-like vehicles);
• gliders.
I think, the book will allow the readers to get some ideas about modern underwater vehicles.
Enjoy your read!
Alexander V. Inzartsev
Head of control systems lab.
the Institute of Marine Technology Problems FEB RAS
Far Eastern Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Russia 