Document was the album that helped elevate R.E.M. from kings of college radio to the mainstream. Buoyed by the catchy (and misunderstood) song "The One I Love", Document hit number 10 on the album charts. That's not too bad for an album made up of some highly political songs and some very non-commercial ones. "Finest Worksong" & "Welcome To The Occupation" open the album on a politically charged and powerful note. "Exhuming McCarthy" starts off with the sounds of a typewriter and then slides into pounding Bill Berry drumbeat and jangling Peter Buck guitar. "Disturbance At The Heron House" has a fine Michael Stipe vocal while "Strange" is an abbreviated number that has some good backup singing from Mike Mills in an almost doo wop style. "King Of Birds" has a deep south, r&b feel to it. "Lightnin' Hopkins" and "Oddfellows Local 151" are the strangest songs on the album with the later being drenched in feedback. "The One I Love" became the first song by the band to gain major radio-play and actually peaked at number 9 on the charts. On the surface, the song seems like a love song, but it is really a barbed attack. "It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" is the centerpiece of the album though. Michael Stipe sings at a breakneck speed and the song is one of the best of the 80's. Many ardent R.E.M. fans dismiss this album as the band selling-out, but that is hardly the case. R.E.M. remained true to their roots and actually released a typically non-commercial album that became a commercial success due to people finally realizing the greatness and talent of the band. They show that you can become superstars on your own terms. 

by Thomas Magnum

TRACKLIST:

01 - Finest Worksong.wma                                         
02 - Welcome To The Occupation.wma                               
03 - Exhuming Mccarthy.wma                                       
04 - Disturbance At The Heron House.wma                          
05 - Strange.wma                                                 
06 - It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)...
07 - The One I Love.wma                                          
08 - Fireplace.wma                                               
09 - Lightnin' Hopkins.wma                                       
10 - King Of Birds.wma                                           
11 - Oddfellows Local 151.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

DEDICATED TO azza1969