. 
  
http://www.torrenting.com/        :     Greatest Movie Tracker on The Net!!!
 
http://www.Torrenting.com          :     Once & For all ;)


               www . Torrenting . Com 

(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))


...................................NFO:....................................

. 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


                     Mr.Pye.Part.1.1986.TV.VHSRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
        Title [ Mr Pye Part 1: Preparing the Way                 
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-07-22       Source [ Bootleg VHS       
        Retail [ 1986-03-02       iMDB [ 6.9/10 (37)       
        Runtime [ 51 mins          Size [ 351MB / 25x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy/Drama/                                    
                     Fantasy/Mystery                                  
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1259441/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
        Audio [ 95kb/s VBR Mono -V4                              
        Video [ 512 x 384 @ 864kb/s 25fps                        
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           A great wind of change is blowing over the Isle of         
         Sark, and it goes by the name of Mr. Pye. Mr. Pye is a       
         man on a mission, or as he might describe it, an             
         evangelical adventure. He has come to encourage the          
         residents to put aside their differences and embrace his     
         concept of The Great Pal. This proves harder than he         
         expected as Sark has bred a good many long-standing          
         disagreements and rubbed-the-wrong-way rivalries.            
         There's his landlady, the formidable Miss Dredger, and       
         her ongoing feud with the equally formidable Miss            
         George; Thorpe, a frustrated artist in more ways than        
         one, especially by his love for the free-loving Tanty;       
         and then there s Mr. Pye himself, a man about to             
         discover how demanding the Great Pal can be, as first he     
         pays the price for being too good... and then for being      
         too evil.                                                    
                                                                      
           Part 1:                                                    
           Mr. Pye arrives and gradually charms his landlady into     
         becoming an ally. Together they plan a beach barbecue        
         that is also to involve the cantankerous Miss George -       
         in a totally unexpected way.                                 
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Mervyn Peake is probably better known for his many         
         illustrations, as well as his Gormenghast trilogy, than      
         he is for writing Mr. Pye. Nevertheless it is a              
         fascinating story, and a very interesting Christian          
         allegory. Published in 1953, he personally adapted it        
         for radio only four years later, but it would be another     
         three decades, and almost 20 years after his tragic          
         early death in a mental institution, until it was            
         adapted for TV.                                              
                                                                      
           Mr. Pye is notable for a number of reasons, not least      
         of which actually being shot in the magical Channel          
         Island of Sark, where the story takes place. Sark is not     
         a common place to film, to say the least, and is             
         commonly referred to as a place where time has stood         
         still. To this day, motorized vehicles are not allowed       
         on the island at all (with the exception of tractors),       
         which, needless to say, alone lead to a number of            
         interesting challenges.                                      
                                                                      
           Tribulations aside, the result is a series that works      
         just as well today as it did when it first aired 25          
         years ago. It's a timeless story from a timeless place,      
         and Derek Jacobi's interpretation of the troubled former     
         banker is worthy of praise.                                  
                                                                      
           Mr. Pye has yet to be released on any format, and has      
         been rerun only once since its original airing.              
         Unfortunately we were unable to obtain a copy of the         
         more recent airing, so this comes from a tape of the         
         original 1986 broadcast. It's clearly showing its age,       
         but we've touched it up as best we can.                      
                                                                      
           Enjoy!                                                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx