Jakko M. Jakszyk is an English guitarist, singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist and producer (as well as being an occasional comedian and raconteur). In addition to pursuing a solo career, he has been a member of Level 42, 64 Spoons, The Lodge, The Tangent & 21st Century Schizoid Band and has collaborated with a variety of other musicians including Tom Robinson, Robert Fripp, Gavin Harrison & Dave Stewart as well as having an extensive and well-respected career as a session musician. He is frequently referred to simply as \"Jakko\" and several of his releases are credited to this shorter name.
Jakko and Harrison\'s work on The Kings Of Oblivion project led to a more serious band in the shape of Dizrhythmia, a project mixing jazz, folk, art-rock and Indian music. Jakko served as main songwriter, singer, guitarist (including the use of \"sitar guitar\"), flute player and occasional keyboardist, with Harrison on drumkit, former Pentangle member, Danny Thompson on double bass and Pandit Dinesh on tabla and Indian percussion. Dizrhythmia\'s self-titled album was released in 1988 for the Antilles label and featured a wealth of guest musical talent. In addition to contributions from Lyndon Connah, Dave Stewart and pedal steel guitarist BJ Cole, Pandit Dinesh had brought in several highly-regarded Indian classical musicians such as Sultan Khan. The album gained good press attention but the band - for unexplained reasons - did not follow up on this. The possibility of a second Dizrhythmia album has frequently been raised during the intervening years, but not pursued (apparently due to the busy schedules of all four core members).



Track Listing
01. Dizrhythmia
02. Standing In The Rain
03. It Will Only End In Tears
04. Katy Goes To School
05. Walking On The Cracks
06. 8000 Miles
07. What Katy Did Next
08. A Grown Man Immersed In Tin-tin

Line-Up:
Double Bass – Danny Thompson
Drums [Indian Drums], Percussion – Pandit Dinesh
Drums, Percussion, Marimba – Gavin Harrison
Guitar, Piano, Synthesizer [Prophet], Flute – Jakko M. Jakszyk
Vocals – Jakko M. Jakszyk, Pandit Dinesh (tracks: 02, 06, 08)

Recorded & mixed at Spaceward Studios, Ely, Cambs.
Additional overdubs recorded at Turbot Studios, Hammersmith, London & the Keyboard Studio, Barnet, Herts.
This album is a re-release of the 1988 issue on Island Records.
MP3 @ 320kb/s
Enjoy & please seed!
