                           Nimbus incl Update 1 RIP                         
                                                                              
   Release Date  :  26/12/2010                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 25x5.00MB             Company     :  Noumenon Games
                                                                              
   Release Notes:

   Nimbus is a unique combination of racing & puzzling. The player          
   controls a craft with no means of directly propelling itself and needs   
   to use whatever is scattered around the levels to acquire thrust and     
   reach the goal. Traverse a world map with several distinct islands in    
   order to recover your lost love. Light on story, but heavy on gameplay   
   Nimbus offers several hours of increasingly harder challenges.           
                                                                            
   Over 50 levels available on the main campaign                            
                                                                            
   Unique game play that is easy to understand, but hard to master          
                                                                            
   A varied blend of levels that requires a combination of skill & puzzle   
   solving                                                                  
                                                                            
   Plenty of opportunity for optimizing how you approach each level in      
   order to beat the best times                                             
                                                                            
   Several trails, levels and ships to unlock                               
                                                                            
   Loads of secrets & tricks                                                
                                                                            
   ---------------------------                                              
                                                                            
   Update 1:                                                                
                                                                            
   Support for ghosts. The game will save ghost for the best times          
   acquired on levels, hitting G will enable / disable the ghost feature.   
                                                                            
   A new Christmas themed world with new levels can be found by going       
   right at the beginning of world 3.                                       
                                                                            
   A new Laser entity, present on the Christmas world.                      
                                                                            
   Global Average leader board, where the players average time across all   
   levels is ranked globally.                                               
                                                                            
   The soundtracks for the old worlds have been expanded, and the           
   Christmas world features it's own selection of new tracks.               
                                                                            
   Better support for analog sticks when playing with a controller,         
   making use of the higher resolution.                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
                                                                              
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-niu1.exe                                       
   3. Start game with Nimbus.exe                                            
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            
                                                                              

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

                                                                              
                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "    