The Code Conspiracy (H. Whetstone, 2002)-aNaRCHo

The film begins as we follow a Jewish man- we soon find out has claimed to have found mathematical evidence for the existence of God in the Torah- who is being pursued by armed Assassins. Cornered, he manages to hide a Disc and leave a message for the person he is trying to get it to, before being killed.

Our protagonist is John Davis (Jim Fitzpatrick), a wealthy computer programmer who, with his team, is trying to perfect "keyless encryption"- with hopes that it will bring "privacy" to the internet, so that people can communicate without governments, corporations and intelligence agencies knowing what we are discussing.

Turns out that the code(s) worked on by the assassinated man and his crew provides more than just mathematical evidence for the existence of God, but is also used by the Israeli government to predict future world events. 

After being questioned by the police about the man's death, John finds the message that he left, leading him to the hidden disc. When John retrieves it, he finds out that the man was trying to reach him because the code output his name in one of it's predictions. 

Meanwhile, he is approached by a seductive woman named Rachel, who represents Microtel- a wealthy firm that purchases computer software from smaller programming companies, and is interested in investing in the work that John's company Encryptech is doing on keyless encryption. While the group of men have yet to be able to come up with code that can achieve this, they are in luck when one of the codes John discovers on the disc hidden by the man- the Israeli governments Torah code, from God- does exactly what they need; all they have to do is incorporate it into their code.

John brings their work (now injected with the Torah code) to the woman, who is impressed by what she sees, immediately offering them $9o million dollars for rights over the patent. But while finalizing the details of the deal with his lawyers, John and his crew get a call- their office has been raided by the DHS/NSA due to concerns of "National Security", and everything- including all their work- has been seized and confiscated.

John soon finds out that not only has his business been shut down and seized, but a hold has been placed on his bank accounts and credit cards. Luckily, though, he  has stashed quite a large bag of cash that can help him get by. As he goes on the move, we watch as the DHS/NSA and Mossad are following his every move. Suspicious and paranoid, John pretends to flee the country on a private jet, but really doesn't board it- lucky for him, as someone shoots it out of the sky with a Stinger Missile, killing all 6 people on board.

Now a fugitive, John heads off to hide out with some old friends- the rich, influential, fun totin' anti government type. When they realize the government is closing in on them, John takes off and goes on the run. He eventually realizes that he is being tracked by a bug in his cellphone, so he hides it in an old couple's motorhome to throw them off the scent- after which he hops on his yacht to get the hell outta' dodge (by which I mean he head to the Bahamas).

Despite thinking he has escaped, Mossad and the DHS/NSA are still able to track John down to where he is hiding in the Bahamas, with plans to kill him and steal the Disc. Will John be able to escape and prevent the evil military industrial complex from obtaining the code that can predict the future before it's too late? was it really fate when his name popped up in one of the predictions? The film's conclusion is rushed and cheesy to say the least.

While by no means a masterpiece, this is one of those films that is more about the idea and storyline than it is about it's actual execution. It watches like a cheesy made-for-TV movie, but the acting isn't so bad. Life is like a badly acted movie, right? It's pretty entertaining though, and definitely worth a watch as many of the concepts touched upon in the film are particularly relevant to current events and issues of political importance such as digital privacy, network neutrality, cyber espionage and the role they play in geopolitical events. (who doesn't want a code that predicts the future right?!?!) When it comes down to it, the film also has a decent message in that cyber technologies should be used to perpetuate good instead of evil...i think we can all agree with that...well most of us I hope! (call me idealistic...) 6 out of 10.

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!



