 http://bayimg.com/jAigcaaDi

Monte Walsh (1970) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066093

Monte Walsh  is taken from the title of a 1963 western novel by Jack Schaefer. The movie has little to do with the plot of Schaefer's book. It was directed in 1970 by cinematographer William A. Fraker in his directorial debut, and starred Lee Marvin, Jeanne Moreau and Jack Palance. The movie was set in Harmony, Arizona.


 Lee Marvin ...  Monte Walsh 
 Jeanne Moreau ...  Martine Bernard 
 Jack Palance ...  Chet Rollins 
 Mitch Ryan ...  Shorty Austin (as Mitchell Ryan) 
 Jim Davis ...  Cal Brennan 
 G.D. Spradlin ...  Hal Henderson 
 John Hudkins ...  Sonny Jacobs (as John 'Bear' Hudkins) 
 Raymond Guth ...  Sunfish Perkins (as Ray Guth) 
 John McKee ...  Petey Williams 
 Michael Conrad ...  Dally Johnson 
 Tom Heaton ...  Sugar Wyman 
 Ted Gehring ...  Skimpy Eagans 
 Bo Hopkins ...  Jumpin' Joe Joslin 
 John McLiam ...  Fightin' Joe Hooker 
 Allyn Ann McLerie ...  Mary Eagle 
 Matt Clark ...  Rufus Brady 
 Billy Green Bush ...  Powder Kent (as Billy Bush) 
 Eric Christmas ...  Col. Wilson 
 Charles Tyner ...  Doctor 
 Jack Colvin ...  Card cheat 
 Richard Farnsworth ...  Cowboy (as Dick Farnsworth) 
 Fred M. Waugh ...  Cowboy (as Fred Waugh) 
 Henry A. Escalante ...  Cowboy (as Blackie Escalante) 
 Leroy Johnson ...  Marshal 
 William Graeff Jr. ...  Bartender 
 John Carter ...  Farmer 
 William A. Fraker Jr. ...  Farm boy (as Billy Fraker) 
 Kurtis Roberts ...  Farm boy 
 Guy Wilkerson ...  Old man 
 Roy Barcroft ...  Proprietor 



Although these days, The Wild Bunch (1969) is often considered the final word on the subject, Hollywood wouldn’t be done pondering the demise of the Old West (and, not incidentally, the Western genre) for a few years after Sam Peckinpah’s blood-filled meditation hit the screen. William A. Fraker’s relatively little-known Monte Walsh (1970) somehow fell between the cracks of The Wild Bunch and Robert Altman’s elegiac McCabe & Mrs. Miller (1971), but it’s still an impressive film that benefits greatly from Fraker’s experience as an A-list cinematographer.

Fraker, who photographed such memorable films as Rosemary’s Baby (1968) and Bullitt (1968), paints a picture of the West that is at once romanticized and surprisingly decrepit. As was the case with most of the movies in this anti-genre, the frontier often looks beautiful in Monte Walsh. But the characters don’t notice the beauty. They’re just trying to survive in an unforgiving environment.

Lee Marvin plays the title role, a down-and-out ranch hand whose life intersects with some old riding buddies, Chet Rollins (Jack Palance) and Shorty Austin (Mitch Ryan), in the thoroughly misnamed town of Harmony. You know this is a more modernized Western than the 1940s archetype when the nominal hero has his life thrown into disarray by bankers foreclosing on a ranch. Hardcore capitalists always seem to play a role in these pictures, intimating that the traditional cowboy game was over once bad guys started running conglomerates rather than merely firing pistols.

Rollins eventually marries into a conservative family, and tries to convince the hard-drinking Walsh that maybe it’s time to hang up his spurs and settle down. But with Lee Marvin in the title role, it takes an inevitable murder to finally seal Walsh’s standing as one of the last of the old-fashioned cowboys. The story is nothing earth-shattering, but Fraker pulls sturdy performances out of his cast, and the picture in general displays a healthy distaste for standard Hollywood conventions, just like its star, Lee Marvin.

Fraker – who, lest we forget, was a first-time director – knew Marvin liked to drink. But he decided to nip the star’s penchant for drunkenness in the bud while shooting Monte Walsh, even if it might mean losing his job.

One morning when production had just gotten underway, Fraker was driving up to the film’s central location outside of Tucson, along with a battalion of other trucks transporting the cast and crew. As the trucks approached, everyone could see Marvin standing grandly on a large rock, in full costume, with a bottle of beer in his hand rather than the more appropriate six-shooter. Realizing he needed to establish himself as the one-and-only head honcho, Fraker recklessly approached the actor and told him it was too bad he was so loaded because now they had to cancel the entire day’s shoot - at six in the morning!

Marvin insisted that he was fine and knew his dialogue. Fraker, though, argued that Marvin knew everybody’s dialogue – he always did – but was still so plastered he actually appeared cross-eyed. Finally, Fraker informed Marvin that Monte Walsh would not contain a single frame of film in which the lead actor was “smashed.” Then all the trucks turned around, and Fraker, despite the huge expense, called it a day.

Fraker returned to his hotel and told his assistant to pack his bags, since he believed the studio would be relieving him of his duties at any minute. When the call finally came, the producers congratulated Fraker on standing his ground against Marvin. The move also apparently worked for Marvin, who, from that point on, never again showed up drunk on the set. That’s not to say he gave up drinking completely, but even risk-taking first-time directors can’t have everything.
