Joshua Otis "Josh" Turner (born November 20, 1977) is an American country music singer and actor. Signed to MCA Nashville Records in 2003, Turner has released four studio albums for the label. The first of these was 2003's Long Black Train, whose title track was his breakthrough single release. 2005's Your Man accounted for his first two Number One hits: "Your Man" and "Would You Go with Me," while 2007's Everything Is Fine included a #2 in "Firecracker." Haywire, released in 2010, produced his biggest hit, the #1 "Why Don't We Just Dance." Overall, Turner has charted ten times on the Billboard country singles charts, with all but one of his singles reaching Top 40 or higher.

Early in his life, Josh Turner, a devout Christian, sang lead and bass parts in his church choir. He also formed a gospel quartet called Thankful Hearts in which he sang bass and occasionally lead. After attending school at Hannah Pamplico High School in Pamplico, South Carolina, South Carolina, Turner attended nearby Francis Marion University in Florence, South Carolina, and then Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee.

In 1996, Turner developed a lesion on his right vocal cord. Surgery was not needed, but he did have to rest his voice for a year. Turner states that he "learned how to whistle really well during that year." Turner was examined by the Vanderbilt voice clinic who advised him to let it heal on its own. While Turner rested his voice back at home, he learned classical vocal techniques and how to take care of his voice and avoid developing further problems.

Shortly afterward, Turner moved to Nashville to pursue a career in music and attend Belmont University. At Belmont, Turner went through a classical training vocal program. While there, he also met Jenifer, whom he married in 2003, prior to the release of his album. Jennifer also plays piano and sings background vocals in Turner's road band.

Albums:
2003 - Long Black Train
2006 - Your Man
2007 - Everything Is Fine
2010 - Haywire