Description

The easy and effective way of managing your personal finances

Get an overview
With iFinance, you'll always be up-to-date with your finances! Record all your spendings and income with your Mac. Categories help you stay on top of where your money comes from and where it flows to. Use the informative charts and reports to optimize your finances.

Make your work easier
Import your existing data or your digital bank statement: iFinance will import .CSV, .QIF, .OFX and MT-940 files easily. In addition to this, iFinance Mobile is available from the iTunes AppStore for the iPhone, iPod touch and iPad so you can enter all your spendings right when they occur and keep track of your financial situation.

Convenient Data Entry
Recurring transactions need only be entered once while specifying repetition frequency. Transfers like cash withdrawals will automatically be added to the counter account. Foreign currency transactions and totaLs can automatically be displayed in your own currency using the current exchange rate. Categories can automatically be assigned by tags.

Impressive Charts
iFinance presents you with a comprehensive toolset for graphical analysis of your data. Interactive 3D charts give you an idea of your total funds' development.

Intelligent Budgeting
Set up limits for monthly spendings - either overall limits or specifically for eating at the restaurant, groceries, clothes or candy. iFinance assigns your spendings to the corresponding budget and warns you when you're drawing near your limit.

Comprehensive Reports
What charts offer in graphical representation, reports make up for in sheer numbers. Income and spendings, profits and losses. iFinance can determine your TOP 10 used categories, tags or beneficiaries. 

Search & Find
Easily spot a specific transaction with iFinance's search parameters or simply filter your entire data by self-defined criteria.

Secure data storage
iFinance will optionally password-protect and even encrypt your private financing data.

Supported Languages & System Requirements
iFinance has been localized into 12 languages overall. What this means is that the entire user interface with all its buttons, labels and menu items is automatically set to your Mac's system language defined in your System Preferences. Currently supported are: English, German, French, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Russian, Czech, Spanish, Chinese, Slovakian and Polish.

For using the Portuguese version of iFinance, Brazilian Portuguese has to be active on your Mac. This can be achieved by opening the system preferences and the language settings. Add Brazilian Portuguese as new language and drag it above "english".


iFinance summed up:

■ Overview of your finances
■ Import of .CSV, .QIF, .OFX und mt-940
■ Stunning Charts
■ Smart Budgets
■ Comprehensive Reports
■ Powerful Search feature
■ Print on remittance slips and cheques
■ Automatic categorization
■ Password protection
■ Extensible with iFinance Mobile for the iPhone, iPod touch and iPad
■ Supports 12 languages and many currencies


Instructions.
1. Copy .app to the Applications Folder
2. Generate a Serail Using the Keygen.
3. Register the App
4. Enjoy!!!  

By AJhacks aka darealthing

An important Notice to our Fans and downloaders

We AJhacks aka darealthing & Reagan07 are planning on teaming up only for you guys so that we could provide as many Apps as possible


Is this a good idea???

WE DON'T HAVE A NAME FOR THIS TEAM, WE WANT YOU GUYS TO DECIDE THE NAME FOR OUR TEAM

We are organizing a $20/- App giveaway

All you have to do is give a NAME for our team
The chosen Winner will get a $20/- App on his request …

The entries ends on 12th of FEBRUARY 2011.


Please provide the names in any of our torrent comments

Example: 
"Name of the team - and your desired name"

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Do not PM (Private Message) us.

Greetings,
- AJhacks aka darealthing
- Reagan07