FSX Aerosoft Nice/Cote d´Azur scenery.


Nice Côte d`Azur Airport (or in French: Aéroport Nice Côte d`Azur) is the third most important airport in France and is often also seen as the only airport of Monaco.
The international airport of Nice is located at the south coast of France (Côte d‘Azur). The airport is the third businesst airport of France. Located on the Mediterranean coast the weather, mostly turbulence can make it a bit daunting at times, something that is not made better by rather complex noise abatement procedures. All in all a airport that is a bit special and that’s always nice.
While approaching or departing the airport pilots get an impressive view over the mountain landscape and the city of Nice.

Features:
Completely new designed scenery for FSX.
Highly detailed virtual replica of the airport and its surroundings incl. regional objects.
Photo realistic ground textures (1m/pxl)
All airport buildings and institutions.
Realistic navigation aids (ILS, VOR/DME, NDB, ATIS)
Numerous taxi- and runway signs.
High speed taxiways allowing planes to leave the runway at higher speeds.
Excellent night effects.
Realistic runway and taxiway lighting.
Numerous scenery effects.
Fully AI compatible.
Fully supported by Airport Enhancement Services (AES).
Excellente frame rates.
A perfect companion for our Monaco X scenery.
Manual and Charts included.


New Features:

Animated vehicle traffic on the airport and its surroundings (AES-Lite)
Brighter approach lights and custom taxiway lights
Correction of the ILS to match the 2 degree offset (runway  heading 44° and ILS heading 42°)
Animated windsocks and beacons


System requirements for FSX:

Microsoft Flight Simulator X (Acceleration, SP2 or Gold Edition)
Windows XP(SP2), Windows Vista
Pentium 2 GHz (Duo2Core Intel or equivalent advised) 
1 GB RAM (2 GB recommended) 
256 MB graphic card (512 MB recommended) 
Installation-Size: 400 MB.


Install instructions included.

Please seed and enjoy this ´Nice´ scenery!