
Omschrijving:
Babylon Pro 9.0.3 (r12) Multilingual Portable | 38.44 MB

Babylon is the world's leading dictionary and language translation software. 

Babylon offers you the most intuitive tool for all your translation needs. 

With Babylon you can quickly translate emails, web pages, documents, instant messages, and more. 

All you have to do is click on the word or text that you want to translate and a small window instantly 
appears with the desired results from Babylon's extensive database of language dictionaries 
glossaries and conversion tools. 

Babylon offers its users a wide range of titles from the world's premier publishing houses 
including Oxford University Press,Britannica, Merriam-Webster, Larousse, Vox, Langenscheidt, Pons, and Taishukan.

New version Babylon six offers text translation in 17 languages in addition to single word 
and phrase translations - all in a single click, results from Wikipedia encyclopedia in nine languages 
automatic spelling feature, and accurate results in a single-click from a wide range of authoritative sources. 

Babylon - an easy and intuitive translation and dictionary software in over 75 languages. 

With Babylon 8, text translation has never been easier, no more "copy/paste" or unnecessary browser windows. 

Just click on any text in Word, Excel, emails, instant messaging, web pages and other desktop applications. 

All you need is a single click away.

Babylon features:
. Single Click activation
. Text translation - in 17 languages
. Results from the world's leading publishers
. Encyclopedias including Wikipedia content
. Translations in more than 75 languages
. Unit Conversions - Convert currencies, measurements and time
. Writing Tools for English
. Spelling Alternatives

OS : Win XP/2000/Vista/Win 7
Language : Multilingual 

Spotinformatie 
Platform   :   Windows  
Genre   :   Systeemsoftware  
Grootte   :   43.74 MB 

Dit is een verzoekje en ik heb dit programma niet zelf geprobeerd.


Hashcode:
BFAD0DEBF309CD7F81B74A8755C2530B2381F934

NLT-RELEASE IS TERUG KOM SNEL NAAR DE SITE:
 
http://www.nlt-release.nl


By Linday

