Throughout his lengthy radio career, John Peel promoted underdogs from almost every genre - folk, prog-rock, reggae and punk to hip-hop, jungle, Madchester and Britpop. Released to coincide with the anniversary of his death in 2004 (12 October has been officially designated John Peel Day in the UK), Right Time, Wrong Speed is a compilation of tracks championed by the legendary jock between 1977 and 1988, focusing on the kind of music his name has become most associated with: punk, post-punk and indie rock. Kicking off with The Buzzcocks' sprightly "What Do I Get", the first disc leads into a colourful selection of tracks from the likes of Stiff Little Fingers (their classic "Alternative Ulster"), Killing Joke and the Slits. Then there are other indie classics and curios including The Cure's "A Forest", Laurie Anderson's ambient/experimental "O Superman", Jesus & Mary Chain's haunting "Just Like Honey", plus tunes by reggae legends Misty In Roots, reggae-punks The Ruts and long-time Peel fave poet/humorist Ivor Cutler. The second CD moves into the 80s with tracks by Joy Division ("Atmosphere"), The Cocteau Twins ("Musette and Drums"), The Sugarcubes ("Birthday"), Gang Of Four ("Damaged Goods") and Grandmaster Flash's "The Message". A collection of genuine leftfield classics, Right Time, Wrong Speed is also a wonderful insight into the arcane tastes of a genuine -- and sorely missed -- broadcasting legend. --Paul Sullivan

1. What Do I Get - Buzzcocks
2. Alternative Ulster - Stiff Little Fingers
3. Forest - Cure
4. Pssyche - Killing Joke
5. Typical Girls - Slits
6. Another Girl Another Planet - Only Ones
7. Just Like Honey - Jesus & Mary Chain
8. O Superman - Anderson, Laurie
9. Roadrunner - Richman, Jonathan
10. Man Kind - Misty In Roots
11. Can't Stand My Baby - Rezillos
12. In A Rut - Ruts
13. Pasi Pano Pane Zviedzo - Four Brothers (2)
14. New Rose - Damned
15. Down In The Tube Station At Midnight - Jam (1)
16. Sweetest Girl - Scritti Politti
17. Ku Klux Klan - Steel Pulse
18. Where Were You - Mekons (1)
19. Life In A Scotch Sitting Room - Cutler, Ivor

Disc: 2
1. Atmosphere - Joy Division
2. Musette And Drums - Cocteau Twins
3. There Is A Light That Never Goes Out - Smiths
4. Over The Wall - Echo & The Bunnymen
5. Party Fears Two - Associates (1)
6. Message - Grandmaster Flash
7. Hope (I Wish You'd Believe Me) - Wah (1)
8. Birthday - Sugarcubes
9. Good Technology - Red Guitars
10. All Wi Doin' Is Defendin - Poet & The Roots
11. Keep On Keeping On - Redskins
12. Release The Bats - Birthday Party
13. Revolutionary Spirit - Wild Swans
14. Damaged Goods - Gang Of Four
15. Everyone Thinks He Looks Daft - Wedding Present
16. Just Fascination - Cabaret Voltaire
17. You've Got My Number (Why Don't You Use It) - Undertones
18. Eat Y'self Fitter - Fall (1)
19. Trumpton Riots - Half Man Half Biscuit 