Another 7 years passed by after the release of the “The Ballads III”. Seven years of writing, recording and collecting even more emotional and melancholic songs. To keep our tradition, we decided to record 3 brand new tracks for this ballad compilation. Here is a short introduction to every new song in the specific running order:

1) WHERE THE WILD WATERS FLOW - My own composition in the true ARP ballad style. This song is not about love, it has a more mysterious content and it captures the long and hopeless journey of human beings trying to get away from some dark mights. One can apply this to many different thoughts and situations nowadays. I definitely think that this song is one of the strongest ballads I´ve ever written with a hookline that will stick to everyone´s ears !

2) HOLY DIVER - As everybody knows, my soul mate and friend Ronnie James Dio sadly passed away last year. It was very clear to me using one of his songs to pay him tribute. It had to be a song, which was very easy recognizable as one of his tunes and therefore I picked “Holy Diver”as the ultimate choice. Of course the original track isn´t a ballad, so I decided to re-arrange the song completely and we made a Piano version out of it, featuring some Orchestra – strings, a Cello and a clean and melodic guitar solo. Johnny gave his very best vocal performance and after the track was finished, there were lots of tears in many eyes

3) HALLELUJAH - At least one of the best ballads around. Originally written and released by Leonard Cohen in 1984, it wasn´t his version giving me the idea to cover this tune. Actually it was all the good and bad performances of some TV casting show participants, who gave me the real kick to create one of the, hopefully, ultimate versions of this song. We recorded a children´s choir for this, which fits perfectly to Johnny´s emotional and soulful voice. There are 2 different versions of this track: the CD album version which features a slightly wilder guitar solo and the “Single” (and downloadable) version which features a calmer guitar solo.



The Tracklisting of “THE BALLADS IV”:


1) WHERE THE WILD WATERS FLOW
2) HOLY DIVER
3) HALLELUJAH
4) NORTHERN LIGHTS
5) NOBLESSE OBLIGE (Opus #5 Adagio Contabile)
6) LOVE GUN
7) GLORY NIGHT
8) IN THE AIR TONIGHT
9) TOUCHING MY SOUL
10) LIKE A CHILD AGAIN
11) NO CHANCE TO LIVE
12) HAUNTED CASTLE SERENADE (Opus #4 Grazioso E Agresso)
13) THE CURSE OF THE DAMNED

Release dates: September 23rd - Germany, September 26th - Europe, September 27th -- USA

The band will shoot a video clip for the single version of HALLELUJAH in July. Stay tuned for some news and photos from the shooting !

A special package including the "The Ballads IV" album CD plus the single CD of "Hallelujah" will be avalable at EMP Mailorder exclusively. www.emp.de The single will contain 3 tracks: 1) Hallelujah (Album Version), 2) Hallelujah (Single Version), 3) Glory Night. Stay tuned for the Artwork of the single very soon !