Developer: Kaos Studios | nFusion Interactive
Publisher: THQ
Genre: First-person shooter

About: 

Frontlines: Fuel of War is an open-world First Person Shooter set on the
frontlines of tomorrow. In a world ravaged by a global energy crisis,
environmental decay and economic depression, players assume the role of an elite soldier in the Western Coalition Army on an epic crusade against the Red Star Alliance to control the last of the world's oil reserves. This title combines cinematic, non-linear game play, with next generation firepower and the Frontline Combat System to deliver an intense FPS. In a desperate, near future setting where controlling the planet's depleting fossil resources determines the ultimate fate of civilization. A global war for oil is being waged between two superpowers, the Western Coalition (US/EU) and the Red Star Alliance (Russia/China), and players will be instrumental in determining how the war is waged -- and won.

System requirements:

CPU: Pentium 4 2.8GHz+ or equivalent AMD Athlon 2800+ RAM: 768MB for Windows XP / 1 GB RAM for Windows Vista
HD: 11.5 GB
GPU: nVidia 6800GT (SM3) or ATI X800XT (SM2)
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card


Installation Notes:


First unrar "GCGame.rar" inside the root folder, i.e, PC-Frontlines.Fuel.Of.War.RIP

Then copy the root folder to any drive of your hard disk [keep in mind: atleast 10 GB space needed for extraction]

Then open the folder and run "Setup.bat"

It will start to extract

Wait till extraction finishes. And when you are asked to press any key, hit any key and finish extract

Now open the folder "Language Selector". Run "English.bat" and press any key to continue

Now open the folder "Binaries"

Run "FFOW.exe"

It will ask for an update. click no. [If you want, you can update; but internet is required]

Play! Have fun! :)

----------------------

Uploader Note: Hi friends. This is my first upload in TPB. I uploaded this game previously in some other sites, but i couldn't seed at that time because of my poor internet speed. Now that i have upgraded my internet speed, i will seed this for a long time.. i promise. So please take your time and download this game. This works fine, believe me. I played this game last year, and I want to share the same with you all. If you follow the instructions given... surely it will work (the system requirements also matters). Please say thanks if you liked my rip -- that will encourage me to upload more... :)