
Censorship and Rebetiko

In 1936, the 4th of August Regime under Ioannis Metaxas was established and with it, the onset of censorship. 
Some of the subject matter of rebetiko songs was now considered disreputable and unacceptable. During this period, when the Metaxas dictatorship subjected all song lyrics to censorship, song composers would rewrite lyrics, or practice self-censorship before submitting lyrics for approval. 
The music itself was not subject to censorship, although proclamations were made recommending the "europeanisation" of the regarded outcoming Anatolian music, which led to certain radio stations banning "amanedes" in 1938, i.e. on the basis of music rather than lyrics. This was, however, not bouzouki music. The term amanedes, refers to a kind of improvised sung lament, in ummeasured time, sung in a particular dromos/makam. The amanedes were perhaps the most pointedly oriental kind of songs in the Greek repertoire of the time.

References to drugs and other criminal or disreputable activities now vanished from recordings made in Greek studios, to reappear briefly in the first recordings made at the resumption of recording activity in 1946. In the United States, however, a flourishing Greek musical production continued, with song lyrics apparently unaffected by censorship, (see below) although, strangely, the bouzouki continued to be rare on American recordings until after WWII (wikipedia)





The womb of rebetika was the jail and the hash den. It was there that the early rebetes created their songs. 
They sang in quiet, hoarse voices, unforced, one after the other, each singer adding a verse which often bore no relation to the previous verse, and a song often went on for hours. There was no refrain, and the melody was simple and easy. 
One rebetis accompanied the singer with a bouzouki or a baglamas (a smaller version of the bouzouki, very portable, easy to make in prison and easy to hide from the police), and perhaps another, moved by the music, would get up and dance. The early rebetika songs, particularly the love songs, were based on Greek folk songs and the songs of the Greeks of Smyrna and Constantinople.

— Elias Petropoulos


 
http://img849.imageshack.us/img849/6179/frontkm.jpg



Apagorevmena Rempetika 1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
01. Dimitris Arapakis - Memetis Hasiklis
02. Giorgos Vidalis - To Hasisi (Pou Poulietai)
03. Antonis Ntalgkas - Stous Apano Mahalades
04. Kostas Roukounas - Kouventa Me To Haro
05. Roza Eskenazu - Eimai Prezakias
06. Antonis Ntalgkas - Oi Neoi Hasiklides
07. Rita Ampatzi - Nea Meraklou
08. Rita Ampatzi - Duo Magkes Mes' Ti Fulaki
09. Euaggelos Sofroniou - Manolis Hasiklis
10. Marika Kanaropoulou - Mes' Tou Manthou Ton Teke
11. Kostas Roukounas - Giati Na Kathesai Na Les (Sto Mauro Vrisko Lismonia)
12. Roza Eskenazu - Ginomai Antras
13. Rita Ampatzi - Ston Teke Tou Perdikaki
14. Stellakis Perpiniadis - Ferte Preza Na Prezaro
15. Stellakis Perpiniadis, Euaggelos Papazoglou - Pente Hronia Dikasmenos (I Foni Tou Argile) 




Apagorevmena Rempetika 2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
01. Markos Vamvakaris - Kaftone Stauro Kaftone
02. Dimitris Gkogkos (Mpagianteras) - Panta Me Gluko Hasisi
03. Stellakis Perpiniadis - Hthes To Vradu Ston Teke
04. Markos Vamvakaris - An M' Axiosei O Theos
05. Georgia Mittaki - Argile Mou Giati Svineis
06. Stratos Pagioumtzis - Magkes Piaste Ta Vouna (Mpravo Sou Kurie Proedre)
07. Giorgos Mpatis - O Mpoufetzis
08. Markos Vamvakaris - Mastouras
09. Anestis Delias - Otan Mpoukaro Ston Teke
10. Markos Vamvakaris - Htes To Vradu Sto Skotadi
11. Anestis Delias - O Ponos Tou Prezakia
12. Rita Ampatzi, Markos Vamvakaris - San Eisai Magkas Kai Ntais
13. Anestis Delias - To Haremi Sto Hamam (Mes' Tis Polis To Hamam)
14. Markos Vamvakaris - Thelo Mastouris Na Gino
15. Giorgos Mitsakis - Otan Kapnizei O Loulas




Label: Minos-EMI
Released: 2009


Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rips by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share
