The eighth season of The X-Files will always be remembered as the year of brave decisions. David Duchovny's increasing dissatisfaction with the role meant he'd only appear in a few episodes. The solution? Enter Agent John Doggett (Robert Patrick) who basically stole the show within his first two minutes of screen time (and watch out for several Terminator 2 in-jokes too!). Scully (Gillian Anderson) switched roles to being the believer alongside Doggett's skeptic in a year that was more reliant on the background story arc than ever before.

Her pregnancy remained at the foreground, while a more prominent Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) joined in a hunt for the abducted Mulder that drew upon the black oil, cloning, and bounty-hunting aspects of the convoluted alien conspiracy story. A distinct lack of guest stars or writers indicated maturity beyond the need for ratings stunts: dedicated fans were pleased to see sinister Krycek, the reliable Lone Gunmen, and the return of the show's very first abductee.

The real strengths of the season came from new characters, including alternative female role model Special Agent Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), and some terrific standalone episodes. Investigations covered a man going backward in time, deaths aboard an oil rig, a contagion in the Boston subway tunnels, and creatures resembling bats and slugs. Agent Leyla Harrison (named after an X-Files fan who died of cancer) got to ask all the petty questions regular viewers want to know themselves. With season 9 promised to be the last, this year was a remarkable achievement so late in a show's life.--Paul Tonks
Synopsis
Science-fiction and conspiracy are once again on full display in the action-packed eighth series of the popular television series THE X-FILES. FBI Agents Mulder (David Duchovny) and Scully (Gillian Anderson) continue to investigate unexplained events while battling their own inner demons. Contains all of the episodes that turned the eighth series into another sensation.

This review is from: X Files: Season 8 [DVD] [2000] (DVD)
So, David Duchovny signs out with season 8 - a season where his cameo appearances through the first half reminded us of how much we loved him - and his partnerdhip with Scully. Then he came back, and all was good - until he left again, in preperation for a season 9 without him at all. The season gets under way with Mulder abducted and a fantastic new character added. John Doggett, head of the search for Mulder then assigned to the c-files with Scully, is an absorbing character. Sure, he'll never be able to replace Mulder, but he is different in a way that makes him new and exciting to keep the chair warm. And i realise many fans argued that Mulder's dissappearance was the end and season 8 was dragged and uneccesary, but they never gave it a chance in my opinion. Anyway, dont listen to them and try the new characters, and you'll find its much the same. I adnit some of the StandAlone episodes without that brilliant Mulder-Scully chemistry were a bit dull, but the Mythology played a bigger part than ever and Scully's pregnancy and Gillian Anderson's fantastic performances kept the excitement levels up.

The season gets under way in typically unexplained fashion, with Doggett and his cronies searching for Mulder on earth, whilst Scully and Skinner try and explain otherwise. Then the Standalone episodes kick in, and whilst they aren't as good as the ones with Mulder and Scully, they regained a dark atmosphere the show lost in seasons 6&7. For those Mulder fans or shippers, 'Per Manum' is a fine episode to prepare us for Mulder's return, with a story that makes Scully question how her pregnancy came to be, and flashbacks to her touching and *romantic* efforts to enlist Mulder as her sperm donor years before. Then comes Mulder's return, an event handled pretty well on the whole, with the reserrection being very touching in Deadalive, even if we know hes coming back to life, Andersons acting as a heartbroken Scully still knocked the stuffing out of me. Once Mulder was back, there were some excellent mythology episodes (Three Words, Vienen, Alone) which introduced the intriguing Agent Reyes, and explore the unintentionally amusing relationship between Mulder and Doggett. Then...there's Existence. Scully's baby is born, and the mystery surrounding its conceiving is to be resolved with the long awaited and superbly acted and soooo romantic and soooo touching......KISS. A fantastic moment in the x-files, for me no doubt the highlight of the season. Kim Manners tells us on the commentary that David and Gillian stood there holding each other for 5 minutes after shooting, in preparation for that scene being the last ever one they ever shot together. Thankfully, David came back for 'The Truth' at the end of season 9 (phew).

In the end, you should buy this and try this. Many will like it and maybe some will resent it. Personally, i feel that it was a fine continuing, especially considering the circumstances. Give it a go!

"Within"
"Without"
"Patience"
"Roadrunners"
"Invocation"
"Redrum"
"Via Negativa"
"Surekill"
"Salvage"
"Badlaa"
"The Gift"
"Medusa"
"Per Manum"
"This is Not Happening"
"DeadAlive"
"Three Words"
"Empedocles"
"Vienen"
"Alone"
"Essence"
"Existence" 