RAW PISS PRISON

      


      Themes: Bareback Sex, Cum Eating, Facial Cumshots, Oral Sex, 
      Rimming, Threeways, Uncut Cocks, Water Sports, Young Men 
      Starring: Jimmy Call Robin Few Adrian Cooke
      Studio: Raw Films
      Duration: 122 minutes

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION:
Otherwise known as “Memoirs Of A Twink Convict”, Robin Few reminisces
about his time in the Czech Republic’s most notorious place of penal
correction packed full of dirty piss boys gagging for a good soaking!

Scene One: Laundry Room Fuck-Fest

Knowing how to control your inmates is a vital key to the success of any 
prison-guard – a fact that young Adrian Cooke clearly hasn’t got the hang off 
yet. Having stumbled upon the fabulous Zack Hood – the jail’s most notorious 
prisoner – giving head to hairy-chested guard, Jack Brent, the inexperienced 
guard tries his luck … with disastrous results! Before he knows it he’s being 
forced down on all fours for the violation of a lifetime – a fate also promptly 
dished out to fellow inmate, John Hill, who enters the laundry room midway 
through the antics. Typically, Hood is very much the dominate force here, first 
fucking Hill, and then (having emptied his balls) forcing Cooke to ram his cock 
up Hill’s ass as well. With so much resultant cum, it’s perhaps just as well 
there are plenty of fresh towels to hand! The scene ends with Zack emptying his 
fat cock of piss on the ass and face of the other two guys.

Scene Two: Bareback Shower-Room Duo

As everyone knows, there’s a distinct pecking order in any prison establishment 
– a fact that the delightful Marco Bill has clearly accepted and taken very much 
to heart. Knowing that he’s never gonna be top dog, he’s simply known as 
“fuckman”, serving as an open and willing bottom to every horny top he meets in 
the showers – a place, as we all know too well, that have a distinct reputation 
in any prison. And on this occasion that means serving the needs of hot and 
horny Marty Broome, who simply can’t wait to get that thick, uncut shaft of his 
between Bill’s hungry cheeks. Cue some fabulous anal antics over a chair, 
ultimately resulting in Bill receiving just the sort of terrific, chin-dripping 
facial that we all know a boy of his filthy calibre deserves.

Scene Three: Prison-Cell Cum-Sodden Love-In

Sharing a prison-cell with someone you don’t know from Adam can’t be much fun – 
unless, of course, you just so happen to click for someone who really 
understands your sexual needs. Fortunately for Robin Few, that’s exactly what 
our hero finds in Jimmy Call – a fabulously charming blond lad, who’s quite 
literally hung like a donkey and has the sort of libido that ensures that the 
cold and lonely hours of incarceration do not remain that way for very long. 
Call’s insatiable sexual appetite quickly ensures that he’s soon laid out on his 
bunk with his legs in the air – an open invitation that Few (not surprisingly) 
fails to shun. The sight of Few’s bubble-butt pounding away into Call’s rump is 
an undeniable highlight. As is that of both lads spewing teen-spunk for all its 
worth.

Scene Four: Soft New-Boy Gets Hard Raw Cock!

Fresh-faced and doe-eyed, Timothy Nixon is about to discover that being the new 
boy in this establishment isn’t much fun – especially when it involves being put 
in the same cell as notorious sexual predator, Zack Hood. Like it or not, the 
youngster is very quickly learning what his mouth and ass are for in a place 
like this, with Hood promptly taking charge of Nixon’s rear, whilst 
fellow-inmate, Jerry Brand, forces his hard shaft down the youngster’s throat. 
Hood is not without his generous side, however. Having violated Nixon with his 
long, thick cock, he flips the boy over so that Brand can do exactly the same! 
It’s near-to-the-knuckle stuff, knowing how close to reality this is for so many 
young lads in prison, but we reckon that won’t stop anyone watching this from 
wanking themselves off into an appreciative frenzy!

Scene Five: Power Corrupts – Sometimes Absolutely

It’s a sad fact, but there will always be those who abuse their positions of 
authority – prison-guard, John Hill, clearly being one of them. Taking advantage 
of the petty misdemeanors of baby-faced Michael Cross, the fellow threatens to 
extend the offender’s sentence if he doesn’t consent to providing him with 
sexual services. On the advice of Marty Broome, Cross agrees – a decision that 
leads to the sort of no-holds-barred, desk-top threesome that we can only 
imagine takes place in prisons up and down the land! Flip-flopping around, 
Broome and Cross fuck each other senseless; whilst Hill overlooks the action, 
sucking both lads off like he hasn’t had cock in weeks! A stunning, under-shot 
orgasm from Cross serves as one of the highlights of the whole film.

Scene Six: Getting To Know (And Pleasure) Your Superiors

Having paraded himself around in women’s clothing for the benefit of guards and 
fellow-inmates alike, Robin Few finally secures the attention of the two 
individuals who’ve interested him from day one: Mark Lee and Marcel Bimore, two 
bereted officers with the sort of truncheons in their pants that deserve the 
whole-hearted attention of any cock-loving twink. Arguably the scene of the 
show, Few’s dreams finally come true as Lee thrusts his knob-end into the 
criminal’s out-stretched butt-hole, whilst Bimore shoves an equally hard rod 
into our hero’s all-too-eager mouth. Ultimately, however, we suspect it’ll be 
the sight of the comely Few getting Lee’s baby-batter sprayed across his face 
that’ll be the most abiding memory here. Little wonder that the fellow gives an 
almost wistful remembrance to some of the best sex he (and us viewers) have ever 
has the pleasure of experiencing!

Scene Seven: Prison Piss Bitch

There\'s nothing he likes more than being pissed on my his fellow in-mates and 
wardens. In this scene he gets the drenching he deserves.
   
Please Seed & Enjoy!
