Collie Buddz
Collie Buddz (Bonus Track) (2007)

When Collie Buddz's debut single, "Come Around," came around, it catapulted this unknown white Bermudian into the Jamaican dance hall charts by first conquering Europe and then making an impression on American urban radio. It usually doesn't work like that, but this "Legalize It" for the Beenie Man and Akon generation was so instantly infectious and gloriously speaker-rumbling that the sometimes fickle JA dancehall massive had to let this outsider in. With his debut album, Buddz proves he deserves it. This is partially due to the way he rides the seemingly impossible jumble of genres his showcase of a debut throws at him. The Shakira-flavored "Mamacita" lives a couple doors down from the bravado-driven street track "Defend Your Own" featuring rapper Krayzie Bone, while further down the road there's the righteous roots number "Let Me Know," produced by the tasteful choice of reggae stalwart Bobby Konders. Then there's the David Bowie "Let's Dance" sample that figures into the wicked ragga of "My Everything" and the almost too polished and pop "Tomorrow's Another Day," which could have been pure syrup in someone else's hands. Wherever the music goes, Buddz is always Buddz, with island soul and convincing delivery, like a more punkish Sean Paul with traces of Anthony B. and Damien Marley. His lyrics are right there, too, be it a swaggering club track or a plaintive plea for social justice. This ambitious whirlwind falls into place after a couple listens as any lack of focus is forgotten, thanks to the many great tunes and the exciting, hungry, and extremely talented man who anchors it all.

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			R&B/Reggae	
M3U Playlist:		Yes

01.Come Around
02.Blind To You (Explicit Album Version)
03.Defend Your Own
04.Tomorrow's Another Day
05.Mamacita
06.Wild Out (Explicit Album Version)
07.Lonely
08.What A Feeling
09.Movin' On
10.Sensimillia
11.Let Me Know
12.My Everything
13.Love Deh
14.Come Around (G-Unit Remix) (Bonus Track)


Cheers!