This is a Release of The Next Three Day (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.9GB.
This Release includes:
- The Next Three Day (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176
-Special Features
	-Making the Next Three Days
	-The Men Of The Next Three Days
	-True Escapes For Love
	-Cast Moments
	-Deleted Scenes
	-Extended Scenes
	-Trailer
-The Next Three Day FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS

That’s the WHOLE The Next Three Days DVD ripped including ALL THE SPECIAL FEATURES for you to ENJOY! PLEASE SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: The Next Three Days is a 2010 thriller film directed by Paul Haggis and starring Russell Crowe and Elizabeth Banks. Lara Brennan is arrested for murdering her boss with whom she had an argument. It seems she was seen leaving the scene of the crime and her fingerprints were on the murder weapon. Her husband, John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. And when the strain of being separated from her family, especially her son, gets to her, John decides to break her out. So he does a lot of research to find a way.

CAST:
Russell Crowe as John Brennan
Elizabeth Banks as Lara Brennan
Brian Dennehy as George Brennan
Olivia Wilde as Nicole
Lennie James as Lieutenant Nabulsi
Aisha Hinds as Detective Collero
Daniel Stern as Meyer Fisk
RZA as Mouss
Jason Beghe as Detective Quinnan
Kevin Corrigan as Alex
Liam Neeson as Damon Pennington
Allan Steele as Sergeant Harris

DETAILS
English
122 Minutes
IMDB: tt1458175

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Life seems perfect for John Brennan until his wife, Lara, is arrested for a murder she says she didn’t commit. Three years into her sentence, John is struggling to hold his family together, raising their son and teaching at college while he pursues every means available to prove her innocence. With the rejection of their final appeal, Lara becomes suicidal and John decides there is only one possible, bearable solution: to break his wife out of prison. Refusing to be deterred by impossible odds or his own inexperience, John devises an elaborate escape plot and plunges into a dangerous and unfamiliar world, ultimately risking everything for the woman he loves. Lionsgate presents a Hwy 61 Films / Lionsgate production. The Next Three Days stars Russell Crowe, Elizabeth Banks, Brian Dennehy, Olivia Wilde and Liam Neeson, and is directed by Paul Haggis from a screenplay by Paul Haggis. The Next Three Days is produced by Michael Nozik and Paul Haggis, and Olivier Delbosc and Marc Missonnier.
PLEASE SEED. CHEERS…vladtepes3176
