 http://bayimg.com/LAJBpAaDN

Only When I Laugh (1981)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082853/

DOWNLOADED FROM CINEMAGEDDON.NET

Only When I Laugh is a 1981 film based on Neil Simon's play The Gingerbread Lady.

  Marsha Mason  ...  Georgia  
  Kristy McNichol  ...  Polly  
  James Coco  ...  Jimmy  
  Joan Hackett  ...  Toby  
  David Dukes  ...  David  
  John Bennett Perry  ...  Lou: an Actor  
  Guy Boyd  ...  Boxing Fan in Bar  
  Ed Moore  ...  Dr. Komack  
  Byron Webster  ...  Tom  
  Peter Coffield  ...  Mr. Tarloff  
  Mark Schubb  ...  Adam Kasabian  
  Ellen La Gamba  ...  Receptionist  
  Venida Evans  ...  Nurse Garcia  
  John Vargas  ...  Manuel  
  Nancy Nagler  ...  Heidi  

Only When I Laugh was written by the prolific and immensely successful Neil Simon, and it stars his wife at the time, Marsha Mason. These were two key ingredients in two former successes, The Goodbye Girl (1977) and Chapter Two (1979). As was the case for those two movies, Marsha Mason was nominated for Best Actress in Only When I Laugh, which also received two more surprising actor nominations, for Coco and Hackett in their supporting roles.

Only When I Laugh did well at the box office, but has since faded from public interest, unlike The Goodbye Girl (1977), which had more spark. The imdb.com user ratings demonstrate that male interest is lukewarm, none too surprising since the male lead is the decidedly effeminate James Coco. Women like the film better, but not to a significantly greater degree. Likely, they were disappointed by Georgia's return to the bottle, and appalled at her behavior at a sports bar, where she flirts at length with, then cuts off, an aroused barfly.

How I felt about it. I can come up with a list of small things about this movie that don't work. In particular, who would want to see a play that consists of a couple bitterly arguing until they finally break up? How are we, the audience, supposed to feel when one person (whether the man or the woman) launches into a hateful tirade inflicted on the other?

Admittedly, when you lash out at an intimate, there may be a kernel of truth in what you are saying. But does that justify a meta-message of anger and contempt? Especially if the true intent of the meta-message is to defend one's own shortcomings, or to coerce your special other into doing what you want.

So, it is seldom justifiable to yell at someone else. A play based solely on this would be unwatchable. Yet this also occurs between characters outside of the play within the play. Toby berates Georgia for some petty inconsideration, and Georgia responds by... laughing? Georgia asks for Jimmy to berate her, and he just rolls his eyes. At least he knows better. Good for him.

For an experienced drinker, Georgia is a really bad drunk. She says she's a funny drunk, but not so. One glass of wine, and she's a manic fool who spills drinks on people and can't remember rehearsed song lyrics.

I understand that people hurt, and people reveal their hurt to attract sympathy or to attack intimates who don't satisfactorily commiserate. But understanding why others behave as they do fails to make those actions less pathetic or deplorable.

Not that it's all bad. Look for an amusing cameo by a young Kevin Bacon as a college student on the make.

This was director Glenn Jordan’s first theatrical feature.  He is still primarily a TV director.  He would go on to direct THE BUDDY SYSTEM, MASS APPEAL, SARAH PLAIN AND TALL, and the brilliant BARBARIANS AT THE GATE among many other films.  He also later adapted Simon’s JAKE’S WOMEN.

Only When I Laugh is a film about family ties, friendship, and coping in a competitive world where it is difficult not to be brought down by failing at success. Marsha Mason puts in her best performance in many years; Coco is touching and funny; Hackett is feisty and fine; and Kristy McNichol again demonstrates her emotionally rich acting abilities. Neil Simon, who adapted the screenplay from a drama titled The Gingerbread Lady, seems to be stretching his talents at last.

The Oscars were frequently a family affair for Marsha Mason, who scored three of her four Best Actress nominations for films written by then-husband Neil Simon. All of their collaborations were written with her in mind. In Chapter Two (1979), she even played a character based on herself, a Broadway actress who cuts through a grieving widower's reserve to help him rediscover happiness. For their final film collaboration, Simon challenged her to step outside her comfort zone to play an aging, recovering alcoholic in the 1981 comedy-drama, Only When I Laugh.

Simon's story of a woman fighting to find her footing in life while dealing with a teenaged daughter and two loving but emotionally demanding friends had been inspired by the life of Judy Garland. He originally wrote it in 1970 as the play The Gingerbread Lady and created the leading role of Evy Meara for Maureen Stapleton, who had scored a hit in his three-play collection Plaza Suite. The first of the three plays, "Visitor from Mamaroneck," had been Simon's first attempt at a serious piece. With The Gingerbread Lady, he moved into more dramatic territory again. Though the play won raves and brought Stapleton a Tony Award for Best Actress, it ran only l93 performances, one of the shortest Broadway runs in Simon's amazingly successful career.

Eleven years later, Simon revisited the material and decided to produce the film version himself. At the time he announced, "...to avoid any of the confrontations I've had with producers in the past over casting, I've decided to do this one myself. I didn't want anyone telling me we had to have superstar names." The non-superstar name he selected to star is more obvious. Simon re-wrote the leading role for Mason, changing the leading lady from a singer to an actress and even changing the character's original Irish name to Georgia. But though he cast his wife in the lead, critics could hardly charge him with nepotism given their successful collaborations on their earlier films and the depth of her dramatic work in Cinderella Liberty (1973), the film that brought her an Oscar® nomination before she started making movies with her husband.

With his favorite director, Herbert Ross, busy on other productions, Simon turned to Glenn Jordan, an Emmy-winning television director making his big-screen debut. For the role of Mason's precocious daughter, whose desire to get to know her estranged mother helps trigger the character's crises, Simon cast one of the most respected and popular young actresses of the day, Kristy McNichol; she already had a history with Jordan, who had directed episodes of her acclaimed television series Family. James Coco, who had starred on Broadway in Simon's Last of the Red Hot Lovers, took the role of Jimmy, Georgia's gay actor friend, while Joan Hackett, a highly respected stage, screen and television actress who never made the break to stardom, played Toby, a socialite friend fighting a losing battle with aging.

Composer David Shire, who scored Only When I Laugh, wrote a title song that never made it into the movie. Nonetheless, Brenda Lee released a recording which was promoted as "From the Columbia Motion Picture," and the song was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Original Song from a movie.

Not surprisingly, when Only When I Laugh premiered it won its best reviews for its ensemble acting, particularly from the establishment press. Rex Reed wrote, "I rarely leave a film wanting to take the people I've just seen home to Mother, but I'd be proud to know everyone in this one." More trenchant was Roger Ebert, who awarded the film one star and slammed Simon for cardboard writing that "uses misfortunes as a way of creating characters. If he can create an 'alcoholic,' then he doesn't have to create a three-dimensional person for his film. He can just fill out the person's life with predictable crises from the disease." But even he had to acknowledge the quality of McNichol's performance.

The powerhouse cast generated considerable Oscar® buzz that was borne out when Mason, Hackett and Coco all scored nominations. Yet even though Hackett captured the Golden Globe (and McNichol won the Young Artist Award for Best Young Motion Picture Actress), their Oscar® fates were pretty much sealed. John Gielgud in Arthur and Maureen Stapleton in Reds were considered locks for the supporting awards. In Best Actress, the front-runners were Diane Keaton in Reds and Meryl Streep in The French Lieutenant's Woman. As sometimes happens when there are two equally strong contenders for the Oscar®, Keaton and Streep cancelled each other out. But the beneficiary of their splitting the votes was not Mason, but Katharine Hepburn, who won a record fourth Oscar® for On Golden Pond.

Only When I Laugh achieved one distinction in awards history. James Coco managed to score a Razzie nomination for Worst Supporting Actor, making him the only actor ever to be nominated for the Oscar® and the Razzie for the same performance. Coco lost that dubious distinction, too, as Steve Forrest claimed the award for delivering some of the year's worst dialogue in Mommie Dearest.



The story is about an alcoholic Broadway actress who tries to stay sober while dealing with the problems of her teenaged daughter and her friends: an overly vain woman who fears the loss of her looks and a gay actor relegated to small roles in third-rate shows. Simon changed the main character's name to Georgia Hines for the film adaptation; the character was named Evy Meara in the stage version. Also of note, the main character went from being a cabaret singer to a Broadway stage actress.

The film, written by Simon and directed by Glenn Jordan, stars Marsha Mason, Joan Hackett, James Coco and Kristy McNichol. It also features two short scenes with then unknowns Kevin Bacon and John Vargas. Simon's next release, I Ought to Be in Pictures, would be released just six months later, and its plot would be similar.

It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (James Coco), Best Actress in a Leading Role (Marsha Mason) and Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Joan Hackett).

Ironically, Coco was also nominated for Worst Supporting Actor in Golden Raspberry Awards in the same year.

