TV : Cartoons : DVD quality : English

XVID, 512x368, Qf=0.19, AC3 (192 kbs), 90 minutes

 
http://www.amazon.com/Donkey-Kong-Country-Holly-Kongo-Australia/dp/B0013HF4CS
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donkey_Kong_Country_%28TV_series%29

Donkey Kong Country - Vol 01
1997, 90 minutes, Rated G

A spin-off from the wildly successful Nintendo video game, this ground-breaking animated series is one of the firsts of its kind, using "motion capture," a system which combines computer technology and live performers to create very cool 3-D animated characters. The show features Donkey Kong, a peace-loving, hugely strong ape with a big heart but a small brain who lives with his friends in the jungle. They are plagued by the evil King Karro, who wants to defeat Donkey Kong because he possesses the Crystal Coconut, a mystical sphere that can perform spells. But, in Donkey Kong country, the good guys always win out with a bit of know-how - and a lot of luck. Join in the antics - there's plenty of action in this here jungle!

Contains The Following 4 Episodes:

Hooray For Holly-Kongo Bongo

Everyone wants in on the act as Bluster gets ready to produce and direct his first feature film. While Bluster is in it for the money, Donkey Kong figures it's a good way to impress Candy. King K. Rool, well, he just wants to use those acting lessons he bought over the phone.

The Kongo Bongo Festival of Lights

Tis the season for gift-giving and fireworks. It's also the one day of the year that there's a truce between the Apes and Lizards. The Apes sit around the Crystal Coconut and exchange gifts, while the Lizards go home to the swamps to be with their loved-ones and drink Bog-Nog. The Crystal Coconut is safe... or is it?

Speak No Evil, Dude

While cutting through the mine tunnel, Diddy overhears King K. Rool's plans to take over the island. Unfortunately, the symptoms for Kongo Bongo Gone Wrongo disease have begun and Diddy hasn't been vaccinated. However, by the time he reaches Donkey Kong to warn him, he is at stage four of the disease and Diddy has lost his voice.

The Day The Island Stood Still

It's a day like any other on the island while Donkey Kong and Diddy guard the Crystal Coconut. Diddy tries in vain to get past level three of his video game and Donkey Kong, weary from all the hard "work" settles down for a nap proclaiming that he wishes he could "sleep forever". Suddenly Kongo Bongo Island stands still!

Screen Formats:
Full Frame 1.33:1

Language and Sound:
English Dolby Digital Stereo