The World\'s Best-Selling Monitoring Software
Spector Pro has deservedly earned its reputation as not only the most trusted monitoring software in the world, but as also the most feature-rich, while being easy and intuitive... even for beginners!

Capture every single Keystroke they type, (including user names and passwords.

Capture & review all Chats and Instant Messages (both sides) Read every Email Sent & Received (including web-based emails)

Read every Email Sent & Received (including web-based emails) 

Review every Web Site they visit (and see what they do while on the web site) You can even tell if your teenagers are visiting dating sites or being approached by strangers 

See everything they do on MySpace + Facebook (including all the profiles they visit and pictures they post)

Quickly find what they are searching for on Google,Yahoo, AOL ... 

See every program they run 

Even be notified when they use inappropriate language or visit sites you deem harmful 

Block them from visiting any web site or chatting with anyone you want

And, best of all, with the world\'s best Screen Snapshot Surveillance recorder, you can see EVERYTHING they do, in the EXACT order they do it, Step-by-Step


Monitor the online activity of your children or employees from anywhere in the world: at work, in another room of your home, at an Internet Cafe, on vacation - even if you\'re thousands of miles away.

Install eBlaster on the computer you wish to monitor and walk away. It\'s that simple! eBlaster will immediately go to work by automatically recording EVERYTHING your children and employees do online, including:

Emails Sent and Received 
Both Sides of Chats and Instant Messages 
Keystrokes Typed 
Files Uploaded/Downloaded 
User Activity 
Web Sites Visited 
Online Searches 
MySpace Activity 
Program Activity 
and a whole lot more... 


See Their Online Activity
eBlaster recordings are organized into an easy-to-read Activity Report that is automatically sent to any email address you choose... as often as you like. eBlaster Activity Reports can be sent to another computer in your home, your office email address or any web-based email service like Google Gmail, Yahoo mail and others.

Be Notified Real-Time
See inappropriate messages from strangers to your children or between employees as they occur! eBlaster Instant Notification keeps you \"in-the-know\" by automatically sending you an exact copy of every email, chat and instant message as they occur. 

Detect Danger
eBlaster will scan your recordings for sensitive words or phrases and send you an immediate Keyword Alert via email if danger is detected

Block the Bad Guys
Now that you KNOW which web sites they are visiting, the people they are chatting with and what they are chatting about... how do you handle the bad guys? With eBlaster it\'s easy... just click BLOCK! eBlaster allows you to quickly block access to web sites you determine to be inappropriate and people you don\'t want them chatting with.

This Torrent has been bought to you by \'GeckoGold\'
