 http://www.hotimg.com/direct/GrcMJq8.jpg

Screens:
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/hJGTDrU.jpg
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/vYnrhSV.jpg
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/2QTKZ6B.jpg

Alternative:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/50000/photo-49311.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/50000/photo-49312.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/50000/photo-49313.jpg

Pro Evolution Soccer 2012-RELOADED
Pro Evolution Soccer 2012 (c) Konami

     10/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Serial / Securom
           1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Sports


PES 2012 continues KONAMI's determination to listen to its fanbase and make
key improvements to the aspects the audience demands. Thus, the focus for
PES 2012 is to ensure the highest level of playability, challenge and
realism for the game, whilst also improving the level of control offered to
users. Fundamental changes to all areas of its AI have been made following
user feedback. Similarly, teamwork is central to how the game moves and
feels, enabling fans to replicate anything they would see in a real match.
Active AI: PES 2012 strives to recreate the movement and team ethic of real
football, and Active AI plays a vital role in this. Players will no longer
flock to a ball, but will make intelligent runs to create space and draw
markers, while others will make themselves available, instigate runs, and
visibly call for the ball. In the box, support players will make diagonal
decoy runs, full backs will overlap on the wings and midfielders will
provide support from behind the ball. The new Active AI routines ensure the
flow of a match is more natural, with specific routines for both attack and
defence. Hold-up play implemented last year has been improved for easier
control with more effectiveness. Defending as a unit plays a key role, and
players now hold a tight line, check on the distance between each other,
track back as a unit, and fill in for each other. As individuals they also
make better decisions to close space, block and tackle.

Jostling: Physicality is a key component in PES 2012, with player strength
one of their key individual attributes, and having a vital effect on how
they can use their strength to win the ball in a one-on-one situation.
Players now fall depending on how they are challenged, with more realistic
animations used to show the challenges between two jostling players.

Graphics: Several aspects of the game have enjoyed a huge overhaul. Player
facial expression is now much richer and the lighting effects are more
natural, while new cameras show off the huge variety of pitch-side
movement, with more detail on and around the game than ever before.

Off The Ball Control: Equally key to opening up PES 2012 is the ability to
highlight any player at any time. A new system has been implemented,
allowing users to switch players with ease. In defence, the right stick is
now used to select any outfield player, while set pieces are also enhanced
through its use. Goal kicks, corners, free kicks and throw-ins now let the
user quickly take control of any player off the ball, enabling clever runs
which create space for an attack.

Referee AI: Referees are also crucial to general game flow and their AI has
been greatly enhanced to ensure fewer interruptions to play. Decisions are
improved, and advantage is played much more regularly in offside and free
kick scenarios. As such, refs will only intervene when truly necessary, but
they will show cards if necessary once play has broken down.

Pass Support: Accessed through the new personal player settings, Pass
Support allows users to determine the level of AI assistance when passing
the ball. Players can opt for one of five settings from full support, right
up to full veteran setting which switches off all assistance so that the
direction, weight and speed of every pass is at their disposal

2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game. When prompted for a serial use one of the following:
 4VRE-P766-LL3F-MYLP-YUTT
 S2D9-M3XC-HE3C-5R9P-TASM
 9R9U-MUXR-JHTJ-2MFN-F329
 XT44-6AV3-HLEC-23TC-67PR
 SEHM-S2NT-24M7-9LJ4-VP6K
4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir on the disc to your
 dir. We've also included patch 1.01 and a crack for that.
5. Play the game. Don't allow it to go online, use the firewall if need be.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

Pro Evolution Soccer 2012-RELOADED Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
Search here for any future updates/working status/etc http://orlydb.com/s/games
or any other quality PreDatabase, Scene Release & Dupecheck sites.
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use Nod32