Latina performer Jennifer Pena was born to a Mexican family in Texas, just like her idol Selena. When Pena paid tribute to Selena at the tender age of 12, her taped performance led Selena's aggrieved parents to help her get a record deal. As a teen, with her backing group, Los Jetz, Pena became one of the most popular voices in the Tejano world. In 2002, at age 18, she broke out on her own with the acclaimed LIBRE.

SEDUCCION is a fitting title for the second record from the young chanteuse, who imbues her music with an easy sensuality that, when paired with her brash confidence, produces an engaging sound. While her songs, sung entirely in Spanish, derive much of their fervor from her Mexican roots, the songs possess a distinctly pop feel. "Para Olvidarte De Mi" and "Como Saber" would be as much at home on country radio as Latin stations. Even tracks like the upbeat, accordion-driven "Ya Veras" possess hooks owing equal parts to regions both north and south of the border. Jennifer Pena proves once and for all she's more than just a teen singer on SEDUCCION, a robust, sexy record.

Personnel: Jennifer Peña (vocals); Jennifer Peña; Rudy Pérez, Manny López (guitar, keyboards, bass guitar, programming); Clay Perry (guitar, keyboards, programming); Tulio Cremisini (electric guitar, keyboards, programming); Julio Hernandez (bajo sexto, background vocals); José Luis Arroyave (keyboards, programming); Archie Pena (percussion); Mora Arriaga, Gaitán Bros. (programming); Vicky Echeverri (background vocals); Sergio Minski, Andrés Castro (acoustic guitar, electric guitar); Daniel Betancourt (keyboards, programming); Richard Bravo (percussion).





Track List


1 Vivo y Muero en Tu Piel
2 Cumba Iho
3 Para Olvidarte de Mí
4 Hasta el Fin del Mundo
5 Ya Verás
6 Cómo Saber
7 Si Yo Me Vuelvo a Enamorar
8 Fuera de Mi Vida
9 No Hay Nadie Igual Como Tú (Can't Take My Eyes Off of You)
10 Aunque Me Cueste la Vida
11 Vivo y Muero en Tu Piel [Cumbia Norteña]
12 Vivo y Muero en Tu Piel  [*]
13 Hasta el Fin del Mundo [Cumbia Norteña] 


Enjoy and Please Seed!!!