When I first saw a screenshot for Spirits of Metropolis I have to admit that I thought "Oh god, not another Bejewelled clone".

You can't blame me if you've seen the game. It features multi-colored gems arranged into patterns, and the purpose is to eliminate them in lines. Sound familiar? The only difference seemed to be a late-night aesthetic, the kind you find in techno clubs and jazz joints.

Luckily, I was wrong. So very wrong. Spirits of Metropolis is a unique experience, and an excellent one at that.

Spirits is a puzzle game, predictably enough. You need to eliminate lines of gems. The difference between this game and all the others, however, is that this requires just as much strategic thinking as it does speed. True, you need to move quickly, but you also need to plan out your line eliminations carefully the more points you get, the more time you get. And time, in this game, isn't nearly plentiful enough.

All play revolves around a white crystal. It constantly puts out pulses of light through the strings of surrounding gems. Those pulses only persist, however, if you line the gems up according to color: like a string of Christmas lights, if one bulb/gem doesn't work/isn't the right color, the rest down the line won't light up. Fortunately, this problem is offset by the fact that every third gem will explode when the time comes to set the lines off, transferring its power to all the surrounding gems. Build more strings off each exploder and you'll score major points. Somewhat like Tetris, strings are built by laying down gems, and the game's kind enough to display upcoming gems.

Matters would get boring with just that over and over, naturally, so Spirits throws in roadblocks to keep itself interesting. The time limit is usually the biggest obstacle, and can prove a quick killer in some levels. It's so limiting, in fact, that you might throw the game down before giving Spirits the chance it deserves. Beyond the timer there's also set limits on moves, black gems on the board that need to be filled, unchangeable gems and boards that get smaller and smaller.

I thought for sure the pleasing look of Spirits would wear off or, at best, mask a mediocre game. I'm happy to say now that Spirits is an excellent experience with a lovely face on it. The menus, the game board, even the background is nice to look at, with an early morning city passing slowly by in the distance. You'll quickly realize that the exploding gems resemble streetlights, and suddenly the whole thing makes a lot more sense.

Supporting this is the real star of this game, the soundtrack. With one or two exceptions I LOVE the music in Spirits of Metropolis. Ranging from techno thumping to some beautiful guitar work, Spirits has a diverse selection of tracks that you'll never want to turn off. This goes to show that having a smaller budget than the big leaguers doesn't stop a game from pleasing the ear.

Slick, beautiful, charming. The only fault I find in Spirits is an unforgiving difficulty level in the first few stages. Other than that, this is a fantastic game, and I highly recommend trying it. I'd buy it.