Sunshine (2000 Drama - Ralph Fiennes, William Hurt)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1178kbps 
Duration.............: 3:00:35
Resolution...........: 800*458 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 448 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 6 
Filesize.............: 2,213,234,226 
SUBTITLES............: ENGLISH

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145503/
 
http://bayimg.com/AaICKaada
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunshine_(1999_film)


Sunshine is a 1999 historical film written by Israel Horovitz and István Szabó], directed and produced by István Szabó. It follows three generations of a Jewish family (originally called Sonnenschein, a name that literally means "sunshine" in German, but later changed to Sors, meaning "fate" in Hungarian) during the changes in Hungary from the beginning of the 20th century to the period after the 1956 Hungarian Revolution. The central male protagonist of all three generations is portrayed by Ralph Fiennes. The film also stars the real-life mother and daughter team of Rosemary Harris and Jennifer Ehle as well as Rachel Weisz and John Neville.


Although fictional, the film weaves events drawn from several real sources into the story. One of Fiennes's three roles is based at least partly on Hungarian Olympian Attila Petschauer, but also includes allusions to the early life of Miksa Fenyő and other famous Hungarians of Jewish origin who suffered from anti-Semitism and the persecution of Jews in World War II Hungary. Another role in the film which is similar to that of a historic person is the character Andor Knorr played by William Hurt which closely resembles the latter part of the life of László Rajk.
The film was an international co-production between companies from Germany, Austria, Hungary and Canada. It won the Genie Award for Best Canadian Film.

Cast

Ralph Fiennes as Ignatz Sonnenschein / Adam Sors / Ivan Sors
Rosemary Harris as Valerie Sors
Rachel Weisz as Greta
Jennifer Ehle as Valerie Sonnenschein
Deborah Kara Unger as Maj. Carole Kovács
Molly Parker as Hannah Wippler
John Neville as Gustave Sors
Mark Strong as István Sors
James Frain as Gustave Sonnenschein
Miriam Margolyes as Rose Sonnenschein
Bill Paterson as Minister of Justice
Trevor Peacock as Comrade Gen. Kope
William Hurt as Andor Knorr


Awards and nominations

European Film Awards:
Best Actor (Ralph Fiennes, winner)
Best Cinematographer (Lajos Koltai, winner)
Best Film (nominee)
Best Screenwriter (Israel Horovitz and István Szabó, winner)

Genie Awards:
Best Actor (Ralph Fiennes, nominee)
Best Actress (Jennifer Ehle, nominee)
Best Actress (Rosemary Harris, nominee)
Best Art Direction & Production Design (Attila Kovács, nominee)
Best Costume Design (Györgyi Szakács, nominee)
Best Director (István Szabó, nominee)
Best Film (winner)
Best Music Score (Maurice Jarre, nominee)
Best Overall Sound (winner)
Best Sound Editing (winner)
Best Supporting Actor (James Frain, nominee)
Best Supporting Actor (William Hurt, nominee)
Best Supporting Actress (Deborah Kara Unger, nominee)
Best Supporting Actress (Rachel Weisz, nominee)

Golden Globe Awards:
Best Director (István Szabó, nominee)
Best Picture – Drama (nominee)
Best Original Score (Maurice Jarre, nominee)
Satellite Awards:

Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture Drama (Jennifer Ehle, winner)
Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture Drama (Rosemary Harris, winner)
