 t
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth






POtHS - The Blues - 01 - Ana Popovic - Live From Trasimeno Lake - DVD & Mp3 - 2011


 


POtHS - The Blues - 01 - Ana Popovic - Live From Trasimeno Lake - DVD & Mp3 - 2011 & Her new Album - Unconditional

This is Blues at it's finest.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

POtHS Says: Every once in a while we get privileged enough to a once in a life time performance by great young musicians. I just had mine at Friday 9-23 at The Biscuits and Blues Night Club in San Francisco.

Ana Popovic put on the Greatest Live Performance I have ever been too in an intimate setting. Her band is as tight as it gets. All four members of the band are not only Great Musicians but they are Great Performers also. I spent 4 hours just six feet away from a spectacular Blues guitar player. BB, Buddy, Clapton, John Mayer and all you other great guitar pickers, Step aside, Ana Popovic is HERE. She is beautiful also.

These 2 recordings are great but not half as good as here LIVE PERFORMANCE. If you ever have a chance to see here live, GO.

Ana Popović's father first introduced her to the blues, through an extensive record collection and sessions hosted at the family home. Popović founded her first serious band at age nineteen. Within a year, she was playing outside of Yugoslavia and opening shows for American blues icons like Junior Wells. Her band Hush released their debut album, Hometown in 1998. The next year, Popović relocated to the Netherlands to study jazz guitar. She quickly became a fixture on the Dutch blues scene and soon ventured into neighboring Germany.
Today Ana and her 4-piece band are booked all over the globe, playing major blues / jazz and rock festivals all over Europe, the US and Canada.

   * 2002 — Three-way nominee for "Best Singer", "Best Guitarist" and "Best Album" at the French Blues Awards.
   * 2003 — First European nominated for "Best New Artist Debut" at the WC Handy Awards in Memphis, USA.
   * 2003 — Nominated for "Best Blues Album’’ at the Jammie Awards in New York City.
   * 2004 — Winner of the award Jazz à Juan Revelation in Juan-les-Pins, France.
   * 2006 — Nominated for 'Best Blues DVD (2005)', 'Best Live Performer', 'Best Female Blues Artist' and 'Most Outstanding Musician (Guitar)' at the 'Living Blues Awards'.
   * 2007 — Nominated for 'Blues Artist of the Year' (BluesWax 2007, USA).
   * 2010 — Nominated as 'Best Overseas Artist' at the British Blues Awards.

Also known as Ana Popovic
Born May 13, 1976 (1976-05-13) (age 35)
Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia
Genres Blues
Blues-rock
Occupations Singer, songwriter
Instruments vocals, guitar
Years active 1998–present
Associated acts Hush
Website Official Website anapovic.com


In 2003, she was nominated for a W. C. Handy Award in the United States.

Enjoy



JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                              (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    



 



 
   