Spike is the 12th studio album by the British rock singer and songwriter Elvis Costello, released on compact disc as Warner Brothers 25848. It was his first album for the label. It peaked at no.5 on the UK album chart, and at no.32 on the Billboard 200.

- - -

In 1987, Costello began writing with Paul McCartney for the latter's Flowers in the Dirt album. They composed a dozen songs together, which showed up on multiple albums by McCartney and Costello. Two of those songs appear on this album, Pads, Paws and Claws and the hit single Veronica.

As his first album for a new label, in his own words Costello had the budget of a small independent movie, and having in mind the blueprint for five different albums, decided to make all of them. He brought back his foil from King of America, T-Bone Burnett, to facilitate the sessions and produce the album. Studio time was booked in four different locations: Ocean Way in Hollywood, Southland Studios in New Orleans, Windmill Lane Studios in Dublin, and AIR Studios in London. Four different groups of musicians were assembled in each location. Writing credits on the album are given to both Declan MacManus and Elvis Costello.

The single Veronica peaked at no.31 on the UK singles chart and at no.19 in America, his best showing ever on the Billboard Hot 100. This Town was also released as a single but missed both of the main singles chart in both nations. An extended play single was also released for Baby Plays Around, peaking at no.65 in the UK. (wikipedia)

- - -

Elvis Costello - Spike 1989
(Warner)

 1. This town
 2. Let him dangle  
 3. Deep dark truthful mirror 
 4. Veronica 
 5. God's comic  
 6. Chewing gum  
 7. Tramp the dirt down  
 8. Stalin Malone 
 9. Satellite 
10. Pads, paws and claws  
11. Baby plays around  
12. Miss Macbeth  
13. Any king's shilling 
14. Coal-train robberies  
15. Last boat leaving


Elvis Costello - vocals, acoustic guitar, bass guitar, electric guitar, mandolin, piano, bells, acoustic bass guitar, organ, melodica
T-Bone Burnett - acoustic guitar, bass, national steel guitar
Cait O'Riordan - maracas, bells

Windmill Lane Studios in Dublin:
Derek Bell - Irish harp, hammered dulcimer
Frankie Gavin - fiddle
Donal Lunny - acoustic guitar, bouzouki, electric bouzouki
Davy Spillane - pipe, uilleann pipes, Low whistle
Steve Wickham - fiddle
Christy Moore - bodhran
Pete Thomas - drums

Southland Studios in New Orleans:
Lionel Batiste - bass drum
Gregory Davis - trumpet
Willie Green - drums
Kevin Harris - tenor saxophone
Charles Joseph - trombone
Kirk Joseph - sousaphone
Roger Lewis - baritone saxophone, soprano saxophone
Jenell Marshall - snare drum
Allen Toussaint - grand piano
Efrem Towns - trumpet

Ocean Way in Hollywood:
Michael Blair - glockenspiel, marimba, tambourine, xylophone, bells, timpani, vibraphone, Chinese drums, Oldsmobile hubcap, Parade drum, anvil, whiplash, crash-box, temple bells, snare drum, magic table, metal pipe, Martian dog bark
Ralph Forbes - electric drums, drum programming
Mitchell Froom - organ, harmonium, electric piano, chamberlin, Indian harmonium
Roger McGuinn - twelve-string guitar, Rickenbacker bass guitar
Jim Keltner - tom-toms, snare drum, Chinese cymbal
Jerry Marotta - drums
Buell Neidlinger - cello, double bass
Marc Ribot - banjo, electric guitar, Spanish guitar, sounds
Jerry Scheff - electric bass, double bass, fuzz bass
Benmont Tench - piano, clavinet, spinet, Vox Continental
Tom T-Bone Wolk - accordion, bass
