 http://img600.imageshack.us/img600/278/36343381.jpg






Gary Brodsky - Alpha Dating (Audiobook)


Gary Brodsky 
2009 
MP3 
32 Kbps
ISBN: N/A 
2 Hour 45 Min.
38.2 MB




Any man willing to listen to – and follow – this simple program of transforming techniques will go from sitting on the couch every night to having HER on your couch every night.
It only takes a few hours to get the mindset that can catapult you from Beta to Alpha.
Why is Power Dating so important?
Because there is no other form of dating – you are either an Alpha Male and can seduce her, or you are one of the multitudes of struggling Beta Males who can’t seduce anyone.
Women want a certain kind of man – the Alpha Male – they simply cannot help it. It’s instinctual in every woman on the planet.
It’s so simple, but so few men know how to seduce her – the Alpha way.
Do you know the ways of Power Dating? Let’s ask some questions:
Did you know a woman uses at least three different methods of control and manipulation to dominate over men?
It’s true, yet most men have no idea it’s even happening to them – even after it’s too late. They simply wonder how she got control over them.
Did you know your smile is key in establishing at least four attraction factors when meeting a woman? If you don’t know what these elements are, how can you use your smile to your advantage?
Did you know it’s a scientific fact that there is one move you can make that will attract members of the opposite sex without saying a word? This one is proven to work yet almost every man misses the opportunity to use this move.
Did you know that getting a woman to like you is directly tied to how you make her feel about herself? It’s true – and almost no man approaches females with this in mind, let alone the knowledge of how to make her feel the right way.
Once again, the Master, Gary Brodsky, has done the research and compiled a spectacular step-by-step guide to transform any regular Beta guy into an Power Dating Machine.
Revealed in this audio are several new control techniques, and an answer to the age-old question, “What do women want?”
When you know exactly what women want, you can easily use that knowledge to get them to do anything.
Gary teaches you everything you need and want to know about women, along with his legendary and latest techniques to get any woman to do anything you want. That’s right – it’s all about YOU.
Kill that guy in the mirror who is holding you back.
Turn her on chemically by using her own natural adrenaline.
Turn women’s manipulation tactics around into your own control methods.
Use two of Gary’s best mind games to get her totally into you.
Be a strong, centered, take-charge guy – the Alpha Male.
Get what you want by using this incredibly simple technique Gary explains in detail.
Alpha Dating is all-new, tested, proven and over 3 hours long.
For less than the price of another go-nowhere dinner date, you can be on your way to seducing women with Cool, Confident.........



