                             Drive-In Double Feature 16
Feature #1                                                                      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1190080/
2012

Dr. Adrian Helmsley, part of a worldwide geophysical team investigating the effect on the earth of radiation from 

unprecedented solar storms, learns that the earth's core is heating up. He warns U.S. President Thomas Wilson that the 

crust of the earth is becoming unstable and that without proper preparations for saving a fraction of the world's 

population, the entire race is doomed. Meanwhile, writer Jackson Curtis stumbles on the same information. While the 

world's leaders race to build "arks" to escape the impending cataclysm, Curtis struggles to find a way to save his family.

 Meanwhile, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes of unprecedented strength wreak havoc around the world. 

Feature #2
Day After Tomorrow

As Paleoclimatologist named Jack Hall was in Antartica, he discovers that a huge ice sheet has been sheared off. But what 

he did not know is that this event would trigger a massive climate shift that would effect the world population. 

Meanwhile, his son, Sam was with friends in New York to attend an event. There they discover that it has been raining 

non-stop for the past 3 weeks, and after a series of weather related disasters that occurred over the world. Everybody 

soon realizes that the world is going to enter a new ice age, as the rest of the world population tries to evacuate to 

the warm climates of the south. Jack makes a daring attempt to rescue his son and his friends who are stuck in New York, 

who have to survive not only a massive wave, but freezing cold temperatures that could possibly kill them. 


                                DOUBLE FEATURE FEATURES

               You can just hit "PLAY ALL" to get the whole experience (trailers,adds,intermission) 

                or go to "select title" to see what you want. Grab some popcorn, cuddle close and get   

                                      some drinks and ENJOY THE SHOW!

