TiNYiSO
-=- Proudly Presents -=-

Panzer Corps (c) Matrix Games

Release On : 19 July 2011 Disk Amount/Format : 1 CD ISO
Type of Game : Strategy Media Protection : Serial Auth

Release Information:

Panzer Corps Wehrmacht is a brand new turn-based strategy game that
reinvents a classic genre. Produced and developed by a team of experts
and brought to perfection by a community of hundreds of fans, the game
has evolved over 2 years to become what can be defined as a modern
classic!

Set in World War II, Panzer Corps Wehrmacht puts the player in charge of
Axis armies, taking their core force with them through the entire war.
The use of combined-arms tactics requires each general to make use of the
strengths and exploit the weaknesses of their opponents.

Its multiplayer mode, an improved version of Slitherine's award winning
PBEM++ system, allows players to easily find opponents anywhere in the
world enjoy playing them with none of the hassle.

Panzer Corps Wehrmacht is designed to replicate the feeling of a classic
wargame, but brings it up to 21st century standards and to a whole new
generation of gamers.

Features:

400 unit types, divided into 19 unit classes with 20 detailed parameters
to indentify units abilities, 17 terrain types affecting gameplay in
various way.

Campaign: all 26 scenarios are combined into a large campaign tree with
several entry points at various stages of the war. Depending on the
outcome of each battle the player will be faced with different challenges
and progress along different parts of the campaign tree;

Nations: all major and many minor nations are represented: Germany, Italy,
Poland, France, Great Britain, USA, USSR, Norway, Belgium, Netherlands,
Albania, Romania, Greece and more.

Core units that travel with you throughout the campaign gaining experience
and that can be upgraded as new weapon technologies become available.
Units gain awards and heroes as they distinguish themselves.

INSTALL:
Burn/mount, install, type anything lots of 111's as serial during install,
copy crack, play!



Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs
" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "