Ultimate.Defrag.3.0.100.39

A Whole New Paradigm In Hard Drive Defragmentation And Performance Optimization...

Speed Up Your Windows 7, Vista, XP, And All Your Applications,
By Giving Your Hard Drive A 400% to 600% Performance Increase.
“Forget About Everything You Know Or You Have Ever Learned About Defragging Your Hard Drive. UltimateDefrag3 Is A Whole New Paradigm In Hard Drive Defragmentation and Performance Optimization!”
You've Never Seen Such Power and Flexibility In A Defragger! File Placement Options For Hard Drive Performance Optimization To Fulfill Your Wildest Dreams..... And To Squeeze Every Millisecond of Performance From Your Hard Drive.
And.... The Performance Gains Are Real!

Contrary to what you may think, file fragmentation is only a minor cause of reduced hard drive performance. The true reason for hard drive performance loss lies in the randomness of the placement of files on your hard drive and the "fullness" of your hard drive. The farther your hard drives heads need to travel between file accesses results in vastly slower file access. On top of that only a small portion of your files are placed in the highest performing areas of your hard drive.

UltimateDefrag3 is the only software product in the world to consider the importance of file placement. It gives you powerful file placement features that move your rarely used files out of the way and onto the slower performing areas of your hard drive and moves your frequently used files to the higher performing areas where data transfer rates are doubled. UltimateDefrag3 also enables you to confine your frequently used files resulting in lightning fast file access times.

The result is hard drive performance 300% to 400% that of quoted factory averages and you experience it as much more responsive Windows performance as well as faster performance of all your applications.

FEATURES:

   Strategic File Placement gives you complete control over which files and programs you want increased performance from
   Drives that are almost full perform like they've been freshly formatted.
   6 Powerful defrag methods
   One-click "auto" optimization for non-power users gives you up to 600% hard drive performance increase
   Fast and intelligent defrag and file placement algorithms
   "World-First" boot time defrag lets your defrag and optimally place system files such as MFT and page file
   Defrag individual files and complete directories with one click
   Unique "disk" display shows your files being moved in real time
   Defrag removable and external drives
   Includes 48 page manual with comprehensive background theory
   Many, many other features

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

   All versions of Windows 7, Vista, XP, 32 bit and 64 bit.
   Works with NTFS and FAT32 and supports all RAID configurations

UltimateDefrag3 is the ULTIMATE Defrag Tool!

