mp3   320kbps


Bap’s initial flush of fame began in 1990 with the release of “Energy Orchard” by his group of the same name. Energy Orchard were a legendary live band, all from Belfast and highly regarded on the tough London gig scene. A young Brian Kennedy was the original singer, departing for a solo career before the fledgling band began to perform live.

As the reputation of the band - now featuring big brother Bap on lead vocals - gathered momentum, they signed to M.C.A. records - mainly thanks to friend and bad behaviour enthusiast Steve Earle - and began to tour extensively in Europe and America, including support slots with Van Morrison – a major musical influence on Kennedy and the band. (in 1993 Bap joined Van on stage at 3 gigs to sing 'Gloria')

The second album “Stop the Machine” followed in 1992. It was recorded in Los Angeles with legendary producer Glyn Johns (Beatles, Led Zeppelin) By 1993 the band had left M.C.A. and signed to Transatlantic records. Two more albums “Shinola” and “Pain killer” kept the band on the road until 1996, when everyone felt it was time for a change.

“Orchardville” (1996) was a farewell live album from Energy Orchard for the fans, recorded at a raucous St Patricks night gig at the Mean Fiddler, one of London’s best known venues and a favourite of the hard living EO boys.

Energy Orchard had been a wild and crazy ride – a dream come true for the band - but for Bap there were new ideas to explore, and he was determined to make music as long as he could breathe.


Label: E Squared
Styles: Country blues
Year: 1998 
Art: Front 

[ 2:38] 1. Long Time a Comin'
[ 3:30] 2. The Way I Love Her
[ 3:37] 3. Unforgiven
[ 2:57] 4. Domestic Blues
[ 3:21] 5. I've Fallen in Love
[ 2:36] 6. Vampire
[ 2:50] 7. Angel Is the Devil
[ 3:20] 8. The Backroom
[ 3:23] 9. Mostly Water
[ 2:51] 10. The Ghosts of Belfast
[ 3:15] 11. My Money
[ 2:47] 12. The Shankill and the Falls
[ 2:23] 13. Lowlife
[35:08] 14. Dream of You


An exceptionally intelligent recording produced by Ray Kennedy and Steve Earle, collectively known as the Twang Trust. Bap Kennedy's first project on Earle's own label details the brilliant interplay ofdark and light as seen through one man's very perceptive eyes. With his Celtic consciousness firmly in place, this aspect of Kennedy's work is part of his foundation. And, just as in ages past, the songs and the stories of the Celtic races continue to translate effortlessly into universal understanding. Bap Kennedy also offers up strong evidence of the enduring connection between Celtic music and America's own country and roots music. As a performer who seeks to move his audience, Kennedy has the ability to take his listener to the very farthest reaches of emotion. "I've Fallen In Love" brings tears to the eyes, as does the highly charged "Ghosts of Belfast," obviously taken from Bap's own history. A sturdy country shuffle, "Vampire" works nicely with the deliberate C&W workout given "My Money." Adding to the intensity of the project is the high caliber of musicianship, including the late Roy Huskey, Jr. on bass. This is a stellar first assault on America by a stunning performer. 




