-
http:// www .Speed. Cd        thanks for supporting with server cost,  
http:// www .Speed. Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit      ......

-       
     
     
                   
         
             
         
         
         
                   
              
                 
             
                       
             
             
             
        
          
     
     
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
                           
              
              
              
     
        
          
      ....    
      .    
      .    
          
        
     
                                                           
                Cathode Ray Terrorists Proudly Bring you...            
                                                                       
     

      Burnistoun.S02E02.WS.PDTV.XviD-CaRaT

     

      UK Air Date     11/Apr/11
      Release Date    12/Apr/11
      Channel         BBC1
      Genre           Comedy
      Source          PDTV
      Video Format    XviD 608x336 25.000 fps 982 Kbps
      Audio Format    VBR MP3 130 Kbps 48.0 KHz
      Duration        00:29:05.688
      Filesize        232 MB

     
     Description...                                                  
                                                       

      Sketch show set in a fictional Scottish location that's
      strangely familiar. In this episode, an innocent family singsong
      takes a devilish turn, the funeral director solves the age old
      question of whether to go for burial or cremation, and an
      ambitious employee panics when the boss tells an unfunny joke.
      Plus Biscuity Boyle proves to be well past his sell-by date at
      speed dating and McGregor and Toshan try to find out who is
      tougher with a pepper spray battle. Peter and Scott discuss the
      etiquette of rescuing someone who has fainted in the toilet, and
      Jolly Boy John gets real in a video with his pet dog. Including
      a guest appearance from comedian Frankie Boyle in a
      ground-breaking TV advert for pies.
      
     
                                                      Group Notes...
        We are looking for:                           
                                                                     
      .EU Affil sites, NO COLO/RENTED.                              
                                                                     
      Retail TV dvds before the retail date.                        
                                                                     
      Can't get in contact with us? There's probably a reason.       
                                                                     
     
               Greets: iNGOT KYR PFa SYS watbath WATERS             x