Sweet Pussy [Split Scenes].mp4

Scene One: 
Alexis Texas, the curvy cover cutie, was up first as she teased in black & white lingerie that accentuated her form, the strokable footage continuing until Johnny Sins let loose his wad into her face for a blowjob. Alexis toyed with him for awhile but soon slobbed his knob aggressively, Johnny snacking on her crack to reciprocate in no time. This led to several variations of vaginal penetration with taste testing, Alexis providing an active ride most of the time. They shared some chemistry and it ended when she blew him to completion, jerking him off into her mouth as his nut of genetic juice went all over.

Scene Two: 
Katie St. Ives, an exceptionally cute gal with pretty eyes, was up next with her own tease montage in the house, coyly showcasing her body before being joined by Tommy Gunn in bed. Her legs were spread and she smiled invitingly, Tommy eating her pussy until she straddled him for a sweet 69. Her messy hummer was fun and she soon set forth into some active riding positions, her manner not always consistent but her looks making up for it all the same. As she became turned on, she became a better ride though, eventually milking Tommy’s balls of population pudding; his dick dripping with semen a bit early but Katie sucking him clean all the same.

Scene Three: 
Bridgette B., an implanted bleach blond making a lot of waves these days, was up next following the formula as she teased and ended up with Nick Manning. Bridgette has that slutty appeal some of her peers lack, her enthusiasm and drive to get off enhanced by his talented tongue and fingers. She gave a good hummer too, Nick keeping quiet for part of the scene but unable to withhold his usual persona completely. Bridgette and he did some intermittent oral and the scene closed up when he spread his seed on her pussy.

Scene Four: 
Tanner Mayes, a lean little brunette known for her crazy antics on sets in the past, has tried to re-envision herself of late, her youthful appeal starting to give way to her body developing more womanly curves. She is still a cutie and will likely have a few more years to play the youth angle effectively, her hands roaming around her body as she teased and masturbated outside on some aging concrete steps. Covered in the baubles of youth, she was joined by Mr. Pete in the shaded area, the man warming her up like all the others in the show had been to this point in time. He fingered her and used his oral talents as she gyrated around, Pete rimming her perfect pucker and Tanner responding with some chemistry. I was surprised they didn’t do a bunch of anal tricks given his focus on her ass with his hands but she was an active vaginal rider, her taste testing certainly better than when she started in the industry. It ended when he beat off to her open mouth, Tanner slopping up his spunk with ease.

Scene Five: 
Tori Black, a popular brunette glamor queen that needs no introduction these days, was up last as she took on the mighty Evan Stone. The initial tease was in the bathroom, Tori bathing and prancing about the house as she masturbated, Evan joining her in the bedroom when she was just as aggressive as he was in giving oral pleasure. The bulk of the sexual footage was the two engaged in vaginal pounding though, Tori surprisingly active much of the time. Pop shot on her crotch at the end.

Starring: Alexis Texas, Bridgette B., Katie St. Ives, Tanner Mayes, Tori Black

Director: B. Skow

Size:  1.23 Gb

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-70F9_4D7275A2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-0032_4D7275A2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-D146_4D7275A2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-AD05_4D7275A2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-3F42_4D7275A2.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-9161_4D7275A2.html
 