David Cole in Auschwitz - A Jew Questions the Holocaust (1992)

concentration camp, noun: a place where large numbers of people, esp. political prisoners or members of persecuted minorities, are deliberately imprisoned in a relatively small area with inadequate facilities, sometimes to provide forced labor or to await mass execution. The term is most strongly associated with the several hundred camps established by the Nazis in Germany and occupied Europe in 1933–45, among the most infamous being Dachau, Belsen, and Auschwitz.

This is a highly interesting documentary on the Nazi concentration camps at Auschwitz. This documentary was done by a journalist named David Cole - and David is a *Jewish* journalist! David seems to be an honest guy who comes to shocking conclusions the world doesn't want to hear about. 

If you want to be "politically correct" these days, then you have to go along with the official lies. Think about this: Who is it who defines what is politically correct and what isn't? Those having this power are very powerful indeed. Basically, "political correctness" is just another term for "mind control". Political correctness is the devil's tool. And no, I'm certainly neither anti-semitic nor a Nazi nor is David Cole. It's all about this rare and elusive thing called "truth", you know. But nobody denies that the Jews hat to suffer a lot in Nazi-Germany - like so many others. 

Almost anything you believe in or believe to know is wrong. Truly, truly, the world you live in is made of lies. Did you know that you go to jail in Germany if you question the Holocaust? And no, I'm not talking about Nazi-Germany. Truth doesn't have to be afraid of debates, truth may withstand any scrutiny.


1) David Cole in Auschwitz [full documentary] _ 1992.m4v, H.264, 384 x 288, Millions, AAC, 1 channels, 44100 Hz, 327.46 kbit/s, 00:59:45
2) Auschwitz - Plain Facts by Germar Rudolf.pdf _ 2005 - 203 p.
3) David Cole's 46 Questions About the Gas Chambers.pdf _ 1995 - 16 p.

