Riblja Čorba (Serbian Cyrillic: Рибља Чорба, pronounced [rîbʎaː t͡ʃɔ̌ːrba]; translation: Fish Stew) is a Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band. Their presence on the scene has lasted from 1978 to today. They reached their peak of popularity in the 1980s, but it has declined in the 1990s, partly due to controversial political attitudes of the band\'s leader Bora Đorđević. Known for their provocative political- and social-related lyrics, Riblja Čorba were one of the top acts of the former Yugoslav rock scene.


Trilogija 1:

Nevinost bez zaštite (trans. Trilogy 1: Virginity Without Protection) is the first EP from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. It is the first part of the Riblja Čorba trilogy released during 2005 and 2006. The band considers EPs Trilogija 1: Nevinost bez zaštite, Trilogija 2: Devičanska ostrva and Trilogija 3: Ambasadori loše volje three parts of the studio album titled Trilogija, although all three were released separately. All the songs from three EPs were released on the compilation album Trilogija.
Th EP features Marija Mihajlović and Marija Dokmanović on backing vocals.


Trilogija 2:

Devičanska ostrva (Serbian Cyrillic: Трилогија 2: Девичанска острва, trans. Trilogy 2: Virgin Islands) is the second EP from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. It is the second part of the Riblja Čorba trilogy released during 2005 and 2006. The band considers EPs Trilogija 1: Nevinost bez zaštite, Trilogija 2: Devičanska ostrva and Trilogija 3: Ambasadori loše volje three parts of the studio album titled Trilogija, although all three were released separately. All the songs from three EPs were released on the compilation album Trilogija.
The song \"Pandorina kutija\" was used in the film Uslovna sloboda.


Trilogija 3:

Ambasadori loše volje (Serbian Cyrillic: Трилогија 3: Амбасадори лоше воље, trans. Trilogy 3: Badwill Ambassadors) is the third EP from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. It is the third and the final part of the Riblja Čorba trilogy released during 2005 and 2006. The band considers EPs Trilogija 1: Nevinost bez zaštite, Trilogija 2: Devičanska ostrva and Trilogija 3: Ambasadori loše volje three parts of the studio album titled Trilogija, although all three were released separately. All the songs from three EPs were released on the compilation album Trilogija.