Saw

Jigsaw is a killer who has a trademark: it leaves a scar its victims in the form of puzzles, which causes them to commit acts igonizantes to save himself. Detective David Tapp (Danny Glover) is assigned to investigate the killings and capture its author. However elusive the path followed by the detective Jigsaw takes to develop an obsession with capturing him.

Saw 2

Jigsaw, the killer of puzzles, locks a group of victims in an enclosed area, so they are forced to kill each other to survive. Meanwhile, Detective Eric Mason (Donnie Wahlberg) tries to crack the case, following the tracks left by the killer.

Saw 3

Jigsaw (Tobin Bell), who now has the help of his assistant Amanda (Shawnee Smith), escapes from police and once again disappeared. While being chased by a group of detectives, Jigsaw has a new target: the medical Denlon Lynn (Bahar Soomekh). After a night on call by Amanda Lynn is kidnapped, being taken to an abandoned house. The intention is that Jigsaw's Lynn, with his medical knowledge, keep it alive so it can continue your game with Jeff (Angus Macfadyen).

Saw 4

After the news of Detective Kerry's murder, agents Strahm (Scott Patterson) and Perez (Athena Karkanis) arrive at the police station, which is empty. Strahm and Perez are senior officials from the FBI, and specialists in psychological profiling of criminals. They also assist the veteran Detective Hoffman (Costas Mandylor) sift through the latest game of Jigsaw (Tobin Bell). But when the commander Rigg (Lyriq Bent), the last officer untouched by Jigsaw, is kidnapped, the detectives begin a search for the city to your search. Rigg parallel to deal with the game set, taking only 90 minutes to overcome the traps set for him.

Saw 5

Mark Hoffman (Costas Mandylor) is seemingly the last person alive willing to follow the legacy of Jigsaw (Tobin Bell). But when his secret is threatened, he must start a hunt to eliminate all those involved.

Saw 6

The Stratham agent is dead. The new responsible for spreading the legacy of Jigsaw (Tobin Bell) is Detective Hoffman (Costas Mandylor). When the FBI comes close to capturing him, Hoffman begins a new game. That's when the great plan of Jigsaw is finally announced.

Games Maortais 7

Daggen Bobby (Sean Flanery Patrcik) throws book and DVD, exploring their experience of having escaped the traps of Jigsaw (Tobin Bell). He gathers a group of survivors to record a television program in which all give testimony about the terrible moments that passed. Meanwhile, more deaths happen again and feeling pressured by Hoffman (Costas Mandylor), Jigsaw's wife Jill (Betsy Russell) decides to tell the truth to the police. But it is too late. Now, a secret Daggen will unleash a new wave of terror.


Country of origin: United States
Director: various
Length: 13:47:48

Number of DVDs: 7
Size: 29.7Gb
File Extension:. ISO
Audio Language: English and Portuguese
Subtitles: Flush
Video Quality: DVD-R
Release Year: 2010
Resolution: 704 X 480
Screen Format: WideScreen (16x9)

enjoy :D

Where to download, comment and / or thank the author of the topic. This will cause him to be motivated to post other topics.
