Catalyst Software Suite X32



Highlights of the AMD Catalyst™ 12.1 Windows® release includes: 

IMPROVEMENTS

 

AMD HD3D technology support enhancement

Enables support for AMD HD3D technology in conjunction with AMD CrossFireX configurations
Delivers a new Stereo 3D mode over HDMI 1.4a connections - 1080p at 30Hz is now enabled on supported displays

AMD Catalyst™ Control Center / Vision Engine Control Center enhancements – Application Profiles

AMD Catalyst™ 12.1 Preview driver enables users to create per application profiles to individually control 3D and CrossFireX settings for Direct3D applications
Please be sure to select the “Restore Factory Defaults” option under the Catalyst™ Control Center Preferences menu before using the new application profiles feature – this ensures there are no compatibility issues between previous drivers and the new AMD Catalyst™ 12.1 Preview driver with regards to application profiles

AMD Catalyst™ Control Center / Vision Engine Control Center enhancements – Video UI improvements

AMD Catalyst™ 12.1 Preview driver includes user interface enhancements to simply adjustment of video color and video quality controls 

RESOLVED ISSUES

Resolved Issues for the Windows® 7 Operating System

This section provides information on resolved known issues in this release of the AMD Catalyst™ 12.1 software suite for Windows® 7. These include:
The in-game mouse cursor no longer randomly disappears while playing Alien vs Predator.
Enemy Territory – Quake Ware will no longer experience intermittent crashes when in a 3 monitor Eyefinity™ configuration.
Water texture is now rendered correctly in Enemy Territory – Quake Wars
Dirt 2 does not exhibit stuttering when run in DirectX® 9 mode.
Playing Crysis 2 with in Crossfire mode no longer experiences random graphics corruption or game instability.
Random corruption and screen flicker is no longer observed while playing Dragon Age 2 with Tri-Crossfire enabled.
Lost Planet 2 no longer crashes after game launch when run in Crossfire mode.
Lost Planet 2 and Tom Clancy HAWX2 no longer experience random game hangs/black screens when run at high in game settings.
Water textures in World of Warcraft running in DirectX® 9 mode no longer appear corrupted.
The game “Rage” no longer experiences intermittent hangs when Crossfire is enabled.

Resolved Issues for the Windows® Vista Operating System

This section provides information on resolved known issues in this release of the AMD Catalyst™ 12.1 software suite for Windows® Vista. These include:
Ejecting the disc during Blu-Ray/DVD playback using WinDVD no longer causes the system to crash.
3D content playback using PowerDVD now correctly used hardware acceleration.
Poor performance is no longer randomly experience when playing World of Warcraft, Metro 2033 and Starcraft II at high in-game settings.
Medal of Honor now correctly displays all in game settings.

KNOWN ISSUES

Known issues under the Windows® 7 operating system

The following section provides a summary of open issues that may be experienced under the Windows® 7 operating system in the latest version of AMD Catalyst™. These include:

Call of Duty 4 may experience corruption when run in DirectX® 9 mode and the Edge Detect filter is enabled.
Portal 2 may generate a black screen when launched in 3D stereo mode.
The Morphological filter settings may be missing in the Vision Control Center.
Civilization V may experience random game crashes.
Forced Anti-Aliasing may not be available when playing Enemy Territory – Quake Wars.

Call of Duty – Black Ops may experience a crash when run in Crossfire mode.
Battlefield 3 may crash when run at ultra settings.
Vsync may be disabled after task switching when playing Rage.
Launching Rage with Crossfire enabled may cause the application to hang.
Random flickering may be observed while playing Battlefield- Bad Company 2.
Saints Row III may hang randomly during gameplay.
Dragons Age 2 may experience random flickering when run in Tri Crossfire mode with Vsync enabled or when run in DirectX® 9 mode.
Call of Duty – Modern Warfare 3 may experience flickering when run in Tri Crossfire mode.

Known Issues under the Windows® Vista Operating System

The following section provides a summary of open issues that may be experienced under the Windows® Vista operating system in the latest version of AMD Catalyst™. These include:

Windows® Aero options may be missing after installing the latest driver.

Known Issues under the Windows® XP Operating System

The following section provides a summary of open issues that may be experienced under the Windows® XP operating system in the latest version of AMD Catalyst™. These include:

The mouse cursor may get corrupted if the “enable pointer shadow” option is unchecked.

Installing the AMD Catalyst™ Software Driver

For further information and general help on software driver installation, game issues, and more, visit AMD Customer Care.