
DDR Presents

Bishar Blues(2006)
(Baul Fakirs of Bengal and the Marfat Way)

  DVD Rip - 675MB - X.264
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/2/lc4i4yw8yhrlof/Bishar%20Data.png



Synopsis:

Bishar Blues is the story of the Baul Fakirs of West Bengal. They are muslims but their beliefs are different from the claassical Shariat. Influenced by sufism, the Bishar talks of man, his one-ness with nature and his soul. Their path is the Marfat, an indigenous form of Islam. The Shariat Laws govern the mainstream Islamic life. Marfat is the hidden knowledge which guides Bi-Shar, or not Shariat, an irregular practice of Islam outside the Shariat. The Shariat is enshrined in the great Islamisc texts. Marfat side-steps the texts, the mosques and reaches out to hearts. It looks for divinity in the human. Its a search for Allah in Man. Marfat is passed on by oral tradition through the songs of the itinerant fakirs.
Bishar Blues undertakes a journey to understand Marfat through encounters with the various Fakirs and their songs.

Comments:

This is a different kind of film. It moves at a languid pace, exploring both the beauty of rural Bengal and the lives of the itinerant fakirs. They are not the ektara wielding Bauls like Lalan Fakir. They are the Marfat, a tradition that is deeply Islamic but not bound by the rigidities of the Sharia. As the films explores the philosophy behind the Marfat, you, iirespective of your faith, start exploring with the filmmaker. And in between, you marvel at the secular fabric of India which allows such a tradition to exist.
The film won a Golden Lotus in the 54th National Awards as the best non-feature film. It also won awards for the best audiography and best editing.
This is a serious exploratory film. It is also a film for lovers of the Baul Songs.

Sit back and explore the world of Marfat....

Uploader's Notes:

The video quality is very good. I have preserved the original colours as I thought the lovely scenes of the countryside of West Bengal deserved to be seen in pristine glory. Otherwise the rip brings out detail very well. You can really distinguish every blade of grass in a verdant green field or see every wrinkle in an old man's face. The rip is actually better than the screenshots indicate.
The subtitles were hardcoded in the original source.

IMDB Link:

not available