Peter Ustinov - Dear Me: Autobiography (Abridged) - Read by Peter Ustinov


Source CD
Duration approx 3:09 hours
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


The book

Sir Peter Ustinov's beautifully crafted autobiography is told with exquisite wit and insight. From his birth in April 1921, it spans his extraordinary career as actor, playwright, film star and director, confirming his early belief that he is 'irrevocably betrothed to laughter'. Ustinov's renowned gift for mimicry is exploited to the full in Dear Me. Eccentric relatives, school masters, sergeant majors and manic Hollywood moguls are all brought unforgettably to life.


The author and reader

Sir Peter Alexander Ustinov CBE (16 April 1921 – 28 March 2004) was an English actor, writer and dramatist.

He was also renowned as a filmmaker, theatre and opera director, film director, stage designer, author, screenwriter, comedian, humorist, newspaper and magazine columnist, radio broadcaster and television presenter.

A noted wit and raconteur, he was, for much of his career, a fixture on television talk shows and lecture circuits, as well as a respected intellectual and diplomat who, in addition to his various academic posts, served as a Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF and President of the World Federalist Movement.

Ustinov was the winner of numerous awards over his life, including Academy Awards, Emmy Awards, Golden Globes and BAFTA Awards, as well the recipient of governmental honours from, amongst others, the United Kingdom, France and Germany. He displayed a unique cultural versatility that has frequently earned him the accolade of a Renaissance Man.

Miklós Rózsa, composer of the music for Quo Vadis and of numerous concert works dedicated his String Quartet no 1, Op. 22 (1950) to Ustinov.

After his death in 2004 Durham University renamed its Graduate Society as Ustinov College to show significant contributions Sir Peter Ustinov made while serving as the Chancellor in 1992–2004.


Enjoy and Seed!!