How this torrent came to be:
I collected from various torrents at (mainly) Demonoid all the stuff missed from

jonbbrad's "MY Shawn Smith Collection"

But the seeding is a bitch, since a couple of torrents have been seeded to multiple users who rather leave than stay to seed with me. I still seeding these torrents alone.
And since my laptop has limited space and there's much more torrenting to do I though let's give those torrent a swing by collecting them and seed them as one torrent.
Further: Much was quite scattered around Demonoid and to get some release I also had to download releases already found somewhere else here, which I always did cause of lack of seeders, partially download might've killed the torrent.
So, to finally seed all this material properly and to make it easier for the rest I made this collection. Enjoy ;-)
And how come that all this are mp3's and not FLACS like the 1st Shawn Smith Collection? This is how I found them. Always looked for the highest mp3 quality though.

BRAD
Best Friends? (320 kb/ps / vbr v0)
KEXP Live Sessions (256)
World Cafe Live (192 (i think) / vbr)
B-sides & rares (192)

SATCHEL
Mr. Pink (single) (320 / vbr v0)
Heartache & Honey (320)
& some wallpapers

PIGEONHED
Pigeonhed (256)
Flash Bulb Emergency Overflow Cavalcade Of Remixes (256)

SHAWN SMITH
The Diamond Hand (256)
KEXP Live Session (256)

THE TWILIGHT SINGERS - Twilight as played by The Twilight Singers (256)

KEVIN WOOD & FROM THE NORTH - Malfunkshun Monument (320 / vbr v0)

AND:

pm from citi66:
"thanks ever so much for posting Twilight. thought you might be interested in this for your collection:


It's the original demo of Twilight and features the Shawn Smith sung '4 Glass Of You' & 'Deepest Shade' not featured on the Fila Brazillia version (from what i remember reading at the time i think Shawn & Greg had had a falling out - altho i've been looking on t'web for info on it and can't find it yet)
Again, my thanks"


Apparently I did some mistagging with From The North. Correctly tagged is:

Album artist: Kevin Wood & From The North

Album: Malfunkshun Monument