Description
The first film of John Fords celebrated Cavalry Trilogy FORT APACHE mirrors the effects of the directors wartime experience on his attitude toward military command. Lt. Col. Owen Thursday (Henry Fonda) a West Point-trained Civil War veteran is sent 
to command the remote Arizona outpost of Fort Apache. An arrogant by-the-book officer hes annoyed at having drawn such an ignominious assignment. Despite the warnings of veteran Indian-fighter Capt. Kirby York (John Wayne) he dismisses the notion that a group of savages could possibly be of concern to one possessing his military prowess. After Thursdays daughter Philadelphia (Shirley Temple) and young 
Lt. Michael ORourke (Ward Bond) find the bodies of some mutilated soldiers its discovered that Indian agent Silas Meacham (Grant Withers) has been stirring the Apaches up by selling them liquor illegally. York persuades Thursday to withhold all action until he can arrange peace talks with Cochise (Miguel Inclan) but when the Indian chief shows up for the palaver he finds that the blindly willful army commander has called out the entire regiment for an attack on the Apache force. A tragic absorbingly complex study of the problems of command FORT APACHE benefits enormously from Fondas superb performance and the exhaustive research of screenwriter Frank S. Nugent into Apache culture and the army outposts of the era.

Technical Details
Region 2
Running Time: 122 minutes
Production Year: 1948
Main Language: English
Subtitles: Nordic
Genre: Westerns
Certificate: U Universal - Suitable for all
Directed by: John Ford
Actors: John Wayne

7,7/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0040369/

Fort Apache [1948 PAL DVDR][En Subs[Nordic]

Fort Apache
John Fords hyllade western med John Wayne och Henry Fonda. Arrogante Thursday (Henry Fonda) är ny befälhavare över Fort Apache i Arizona. Indianhövdingen Cochise lämnar reservatet med sitt folk, men kapten York (John Wayne) övertalar honom att återvända för att diskutera fred. Thursday tänker dock krossa Cochise vilket leder till katastrof. 

Text: Danska Finska Norska Svenska 
Ljud:Engelska 
Engelska
Bild:Widescreen  (INTE anamorfisk) 
Format:DVD Region 2 
Speltid: 122 min
Färg/svartvit:Färg
TV-system:PAL
Skådespelare:John Wayne
