
Caprica Dvd 2



Battlestar Galactica is in enkele jaren tijd uitgegroeid tot een waar fenomeen. 
Deze meeslepende blik achter de schermen van het originele conflict tussen de mensheid en de Cylons is extra fascinerend omdat Caprica 
heel veel weg heeft van onze eigen wereld.


Achtenvijftig jaar voor de eerste Battlestar de ruimte in trekt, 
zien twee machtige families - de Graystones en de Adamas - hun lot onherroepelijk met elkaar verbonden na een verwoestende explosie. 
Terwijl de twee clans worstelen met het bepalen van de grens tussen mens-zijn en kunstmatige intelligentie - de Cylons - 
drijven ze hun onderlinge conflicten op de spits. 
Bedrijfscomplotten, moord, seksuele intriges en zwartmakerij zijn aan de orde van de dag op Caprica.


Season 1, Episode 1: Rebirth
Season 1, Episode 2: Reins of a Waterfall
Season 1, Episode 3: Gravedancing


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Season 1, Episode 1: Rebirth
Original Air Date—29 January 2010

Daniel Graystone believes his attempt to download Zoe's avatar into a cybernetic being has failed but is pleased when the soldier-cyborgs 
he is developing for the government finally seems to be working. 
He does not realize that Zoe's persona remains and is the edge that is finally making his latest invention work. 
Avatar Zoe is soon in touch with her close friend Lacy Rand and together they try to make sense of what has happened to her. 
Zoe's mother Amanda, still overwrought by their loss, attends a public memorial service for the victims of the explosion but realizing just how little 
she knew about her daughter, makes a startling public announcement. 
Joseph Adama is trying to keep his son William on the straight and narrow and desperately wants to visit his avatar daughter. 
In the final test of his new cyborg-soldier, Daniel Graystone wins praise from government officials for his new cybernetic life-form node, 
which he calls Cylons for short. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Season 1, Episode 2: Reins of a Waterfall
Original Air Date—5 February 2010

The Graystones begin to pay a heavy price for Amanda's public declaration that Zoe was a terrorist who was involved in blowing up the train. 
She resigns her position at the hospital and is stalked by paparazzi. 
The company's stock is dropping like a lead balloon and Daniel refuses to launch a publicity campaign to try and set things right. 
He also has to deal with Joseph Adama who insists that he find a way for him to visit with his avatar daughter. 
Joseph's brother Sam adds a little muscle to be persuasive. Meanwhile, Zoe's avatar has found a way to re-enter the holopad world. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 1, Episode 3: Gravedancing
Original Air Date—19 February 2010

Daniel Graystone gives in to the demands of his company's public relations experts and decides to go on talk show to talk about 
what Zoe has done and atone somewhat for any responsibility he wears for the terrorist attack. 
The decision to do so doesn't sit well with wife Amanda who now feels she misspoke and that they shouldn't blame Zoe for what has happened. 
The public appearance doesn't start well but Daniel gets help from an unexpected source. 
The police continue to investigate the crime and manage to get a warrant to search Zoe's and other's lockers at her school. 
The agent also get a warrant to search the Graystones' house but find nothing there either. 
Joseph Adama meanwhile pursues his revenge and sends his brother Sam to balance the score before he has second thoughts. 





Spotinformatie 

Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail
Menu          : Ja
Audio         : Engels Frans DD 5.1
Extra's       : Ja
Ondertitels   : Nederlands Engels Frans 
Cover & label : Ja
Genre         : Sciencefiction, Drama


 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/forum/12/10059/


 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0799862/




Verrast???? 


Kom eens kijken bij 



 
http://www.black-sam.org