 http://bayimg.com/lakLhaaDd

Voyage (TV 1993) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108505/

Morgan and Catherine Norvell have their future plans ready. In Monte Carlo, their sailboat is stocked. From there they are going to sail to Malta and live on the boat for a year. They have bought some real estate with an old ruin of a hotel on it, which they are going to rebuild. A few days before they are about to start, they meet Gil and Ronnie Freeland. They would give anything to join them for a couple of days on the sea, and no sooner said than done, all four of them are enjoying the sweet life on the boat. The Norvells soon discover that it was a big mistake to invite them on board

Rutger Hauer  ...  Morgan Norvell  
  Eric Roberts  ...  Gil Freeland  
  Karen Allen  ...  Catherine 'Kit' Norvell  
  Connie Nielsen  ...  Ronnie Freeland  

Release Date:2 June 1993 (USA) 

Voyage gives the impression that it seeks to imitate the yachtboard psycho-thriller Dead Calm (1989). Certainly, such a comparison would not be wrong. However, Voyage is not an entirely dismissible drama with a sufficient degree of originality of its own. In fact, the dynamic it sets up – the building tensions and interplay between two couples – is potentially a more interesting one than Dead Calm with its single woman trapped aboard with a stock psycho. If anything, the film that Voyage comes closest to is another one released around the same time it was – Kalifornia (1993), which also had a couple sharing a journey with a disturbed white trash couple. 

The character tensions are built with some subtlety and suspense. Chief here is Eric Roberts. Roberts always comes across as a loud and obnoxious personality you might want avoid in a bar, even when he is playing a straight role. Roberts’s best acting comes in roles that play into this braggadocio – the best thing ever did was Star 80 (1983). The film here plays into Roberts’ macho swagger with an ambiguity that turns the pairing between he and the more subdued Rutger Hauer into an effectively psychotic battle of macho one-upmanship. 

Scottish director John MacKenzie had done much work in British television. His most well known films were probably the British gangster film The Long Good Friday (1980) and the Frederick Forsyth nuclear thriller The Fourth Protocol (1987). Mackenzie previously ventured into psycho-thriller territory with the excellent boys boarding school film Unman, Wittering and Zigo (1971). 
  

