 http://bayimg.com/NACMmaaDP

La Cucaracha (1998)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0157913/

FULL SCREEN

La Cucaracha is a 1998 American film directed by Jack Perez and starring Eric Roberts and Joaquim de Almeida. The film follows the story of Walter Pool (Eric Roberts), a down on his luck wannabe novelist, who receives an offer of $100,000 to kill an alleged child killer. Walter needs the money desperately for many reasons, not the least of which is the fact that he is infatuated with a local woman and he feels as though he has nothing to offer to her. He accepts the offer only to find out that the task of killing another human being is much more difficult than he thought, especially when it turns out that his intended victim is not really a child killer.

  Eric Roberts  ...  Walter Pool  
  Joaquim de Almeida  ...  Jose Guerra  
  Victor Rivers  ...  Herberto Ortega  
  James McManus  ...  Louis Graves  
  Tara Crespo  ...  Lourdes Aguirre  
  Michael Peña  ...  Orderly  
  Enrique Rinaldo  ...  Manuel  
  Aixa Maldonado  ...  Woman Patient  
  Ana Mercedes  ...  Hotel Proprietor  
  Felicia Kamriani  ...  Louis' Wife (as Felicia Khoja)  

The film premiered on May 14, 1998 at the Austin Film Festival where it won the Feature Film Award.

Although the film earned less than $15,000, it received some positive reviews scoring 67% as of February 9, 2010 on the aggregate review website Rotten Tomatoes. Film critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times awarded La Cucaracha three stars out of four calling it an "intriguing, stylish little film". Marc Savlov of The Austin Chronicle awarded the film three and a half stars praising "McManus' brilliant screenplay" and calling the film a "minor gem".[

A tragicomedy of near-Shakespearean proportions, Jack Perez reimagines Old Mexico and the gringo expat's place in it as a manic fever dream, replete with double crosses, hideous twists of fate, and el diablo, the cockroach. In this 1998 Austin Heart of Film Festival winner, Eric Roberts, sinks his teeth into the script (by James McManus) like a starving hound savaging a spare rib, and turns the story's many clichés into revelations of crestfallen grandeur and battered hope.  

La Cucaracha is a minor gem that has languished on the shelf for some time; it's one of those films no one seems able to get a handle on marketing-wise, too brazenly downbeat for its own good, but with a cool, giddily humorous edge to it. So many twists and turns are woven into McManus' brilliant screenplay that you're never sure what's going to slap you upside the head next, then when something does, it causes your ears to ring for minutes afterward. Finally, though, it's a desperate, blacker than black comedy about the search for life in a dead man, a parable of vengeance, and a love story that could make Federico Garcia Lorca choke on mouthfuls of sick giggles. Perez directs in bold, compelling strokes, drenching the dusty Mexican locales in the mad droning of cicadas, filling the frame with eerily beautiful sun-spattered vistas, and making Roberts look even more insane than we've suspected all along. De Almeida (late of Desperado) and McManus are equally full of vida loca, though the film finally belongs to Roberts' tortured Pool. Comic like a car crash, La Cucaracha takes one man's mala noche and spins it out over a month of black Sundays.

In superficial ways it's like El Mariachi, the film that made Robert Rodriguez's reputation, except that it lacks a strong marketing push, is not as cheaply made and is more interested in character than action. It also has a wicked strain of humor, leading to such lines as, If it's any consolation, this money will now be spent to build a pediatric ward in the Santiago hospital. It must have required a certain courage for Eric Roberts to take a role like this. It's not a prestigious job for a former Oscar nominee. But it's a juicy role for an actor whose career has meandered recently (what was he doing in Best of the Best 2?). His performance evokes some of the same desperation and determination as Warren Oates' work in Sam Peckinpah's great Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia. He's willing to go over the top with it--and yet his performance is not the manic hyperactivity we sometimes see from him; he finds a sadder, more controlled note.

