Date:	09-29-11
Host:	George Noory
Guests:	Linda Moulton Howe, Mitch Battros

Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed radiation refugees in Japan, an unidentified low level humming sound in Canada & England, mysterious ancient stone circles in the Middle East, and recent sightings of UFOs in the Northern Territory of Australia. In her first report, she interviewed Prof. Frank Daulton, an American-born university professor, living 311 miles west of the Fukushima nuclear power plant. He's measured radiation in his house and yard and found three to five times the amount that the Japanese government says is current "safe" environmental background. He suggested that the Japanese government is keeping the truth about radiation exposure from the public, as they don't want to alarm citizens and create chaos. Meanwhile, an exodus is slowly beginning, and Daulton said he is so concerned about the health of his family, that he's sending them to live in another country. More here.

For the past several months, residents on two sides of the Northern Hemisphere have been reporting the same mystery: a pulsing "hum," similar to a running motor, that is keeping people awake at night (not unlike what became known as the "Taos Hum.") A group in Windsor, Canada is even working with a lawyer to file a class action suit against a government agency that has failed to identify or stop the irritating sound. Linda spoke with Gary Grosse, who has investigated the problem in Windsor. He suspects the sound may be connected with an industrial area called Zug Island, where a steel plant runs gigantic fans. However, the second area where the hum was recently reported, Woodland, County Durham, U.K. is a tiny village with no factories. Further info.

Scientists at the University of Western Australia have taken almost 45,000 aerial images of mysterious stone circles, or "wheels," which have been found by satellite-mapping technologies in Jordan, Syria and Saudi Arabia. None of the patterns can be seen on the ground, only from the air (like the Nazca Lines). Their estimated age is 2,000 to 9,000 years old, but even the local residents do not know the patterns are there or what their ancient purpose was. Linda interviewed Prof. David Kennedy who oversees the University's research project. The circles, which are around 300 ft. in diameter, are thought to predate Islamic and Roman cultures, and may have been used to divide families' animals into different grazing areas, he speculated. See full report, Part 1, Part 2.

In her last report, she detailed high strangeness in the Northern Territory of Australia. She spoke with Alan Ferguson, a local investigator, who has tracked UFO activity in Northern Territory skies and says he personally has seen up to thirty disks, triangles and other aerial craft shapes in a 6-month period. Witness Aiden Pigram shared his recent encounter, when he was traveling at 4:30 AM, and saw a bright white-orange light that tracked his car for a half-hour. Further Info.

Tsunami Threat
First hour guest, Earth changes expert Mitch Battros talked about the possibility of a tsunami hitting the East Coast due to a landslide in the Canary Islands. A recent earthquake swarm there could be indicative that a volcano may erupt, and this in turn could trigger a massive landslide that could send a tsunami across the Atlantic to the US, he explained. Battros also talked about current sunspot activity, and the likelihood of solar flares.

News segment guests: Richard C. Hoagland, Dr. Neal Barnard, Marc Zicree