This is a wget backup / archive of the "Unwanted Publicity Intelligence" sites, including all the photographs and video's on the multiply site, which I had to download more or less manually, because the site was filled with javascript. :(

 
 
http://upintelligence.multiply.com/
--::--
ABOUT - Unwanted Publicity Intelligence websites are part of the Unwanted Publicity Information Group, a unique information outpost with over 40-years of experience performing high-risk research, analysis, forecast and information fulfillment detailing intelligence on complex case situations and global event circumstances.

This particular Unwanted Publicity Intelligence website provides an inside look at complex global economic financial case situations based on inside information, anonymous tips, research, analysis and high-risk field work bringing answers to document difficult questions no official wanted publicly answered.

Information -

- Historic
- Vintage
- Current
- Real-Time
- Predictives
- Analytics

Situations -

Trade financing schemes, import-export diversions, inflated asset valuations, fraudulent promotional representations, money-laundering, wrongful conversion of asset securities, counterfeiting, theft, extortion, assassination and terrorism.
--::--


And:
--::--
Welcome to Unwanted Publicity Intelligence Annex ( UPIA ), a unique information outpost of advanced details from beyond the stars to the depths of Earth enabling clearer understandings for future generations.

UPIA Knowledgeability Briefs ( KB )

UPIA may not be the first place researched however some believe its host unique 40-years of knowledgeability researching and analyzing details hidden in plain sight provide UPIA Knowledgeability Briefs ( KB ) special keys unlocking a broad spectrum of information details from prehistoric, historic and current times to predictive analytics capturing global interests from the private sector, academia, organizations, governments, associations, professionals and retirees.

UPIA KB primarily present quoted texts, images, audio and video broadcasts obtained from official government sources and official government recognized as ‘publicly reliable information sources’ ( see, e.g. References ) plus journalistic remarks serve to enhance public comprehension surrounding certain complexities.

UPIA covers factually proven information garnered through ardous research in adherence to strict principles obtaining official information from official sources confirmed by no less than two ( 2 ) independent factually proven reliable sources. While technical data varies amongst professionals, those held in good standing by peers, prominent universities or officially recognized organizations may be additionally relied upon.

UPIA additionally substantiates information via a private global database of official documents and support material from proprietary database files of global information contractors.
--::--


This website was referred to by David Wilcock in his report on "FINANCIAL TYRANNY: Defeating the Greatest Cover-Up of All Time": 
http://divinecosmos.com/start-here/davids-blog/1023-financial-tyranny?start=3
--::--
DAVID AND MACKIE HUTLZER -- UNWANTED PUBLICITY
 
The following day, December 31st, 2011, Benjamin Fulford wrote me a brief letter, and asked David Hutlzer, known as "Hutz" on his discussion forum, to post it for him.
 
The letter was a link to Unwanted Publicity Intelligence -- a website that featured even more pictures of these same types of bond boxes.
 
This public message from Ben, through "Hutz," soon reached me when someone else re-posted it as a comment on my original article. Fulford had been receiving serious death threats during this same time -- and so had I.
 
    Ben asked me to post this I dont know what it is ,,
    shall we take a look together ?
 
    David,
    Please post this link for people who want more evidence:
    http://upintelligence.multiply.com/?&show;_interstitial=1&u;=
    Benjamin Fulford 古歩道ベンジャミン 090-3439-5558

    Comment by hutz the Vandalia Solution and World news click here on December 31, 2011 @ 10:29 am
 
    wow
    this is good stuff!
    http://upintelligence.multiply.com/video/item/17
 
    Comment by hutz the Vandalia Solution and World news click here on December 31, 2011 @ 11:32 am
 
 
THE SECOND TIME IN 24 HOURS -- BUT IT CAME AT A TERRIBLE COST

I clicked on the link and could hardly believe my eyes. I had been told that it was potentially lethal to publish any images of these bonds, but this was the second time in 24 hours that I was looking at images that were nearly identical to what I'd received from Keenan.
 
I had no idea that David and his eight-year-old son Mackie would burn to death in their home, just a week after he conveyed Ben's message to me, on January 6th. This may be the last known picture of them.
 
Accelerants were found outside the residence, and arson was not ruled out.

  
I do not want their deaths to be in vain. This tragic event made it much more likely that these bonds are real, and that someone was blatantly warning me to call off this investigation.
 
Fear obviously did not deter me from publishing. Otherwise I'd have to live with being a coward, and potentially allowing this innocent father and son to have died for nothing. I would then have to deal with that pain for the rest of my life.
 
Even if this was all somehow an elaborate hoax, involving a coordinated effort between multiple, seemingly independent players -- which I highly doubt -- whoever is playing this game and feeding Ben and me "disinformation" is willing to kill all of us.
 
And that upsets me.
 
Greatly.
 
 
UNWANTED PUBLICITY BONDS COLLECTION
 
Here are the most striking images that jumped out at me when I browsed through the various collections on the Unwanted Publicity Intelligence website.
 
Again, there are absolutely irrefutable, undeniable similarities to what we have just seen from Neil Keenan and Udo Pelkowski -- and what my own insider had described to me before I ever got to see a picture.
 
In particular, I found a chest issused by a different Federal Reserve bank -- this time in Dallas, Texas -- that was almost identical to the images of the 1934 series boxes that Neil Keenan had sent me.
 
Unwanted Publicity also had more pictures of the bonds that were inside the boxes -- some of which looked quite outrageous, and were elaborate, detailed and sexy enough to be believable -- despite their seemingly astronomical denominations.
--::--


So, this is the kind of information that people may have been killed for. Since it appears that the sites are note being maintained anymore, it seemed like a good idea to make a mirror of these.

Enjoy, and please consider seeding to make sure this information does not dissapear...




