C. Schumacher's Dressage System Vol. 1 video.

Thank you for taking the time to educate yourself; I've been around a lot of horse people who think they know it all because they've been working with horses for years and years but don't even have a single book or video; the result- horses that could have had an easier life but are never given the chance because of someone who thinks they know it all formed them.

Info.
This first volume in the Conrad Schumacher Dressage Training system focuses on the importance of good foundations in the rider's training regime at the Basic/Novice level:
Prerequisites: which form the cornerstones to Conrad's philosophy
Working Patterns: which help horse and rider compete at their optimum level
Quality Preparation: which helps the rider become mentally fit.
Sections are introduced by Conrad, then narrated in concise and clear terms by Rhegan White with bullet points at the end of section to help clarify the key points and graphic diagrams to help demonstrate Working Patterns.
“Have you experienced the situation where you and your horse cannot achieve your goals in the show ring? How can things that work well at home go so wrong during a competition? As riders, we blame the horses, the footing, the weather, the judges but in reality, it is lack of quality preparation and mental fitness.” notes Conrad Schumacher.
"In this DVD I will discuss the correct way to approach your preparation so that your training at home will optimize your performance on the show ground!”

Bio.
Conrad Schumacher is one of the world's foremost dressage trainers, having trained many students to international Olympic and World Championship level. He has been an influential force in the successful teams from Germany, Holland, Great Britain and the USA. With his many years of experience, first as a rider then as a coach, trainer and judge, and his excellent command of the English language, Conrad is able to communicate with clarity and candor the correct path for over 4000 horse and rider combinations.
extensive knowledge and experience on training others. He began with the German juniors and young rider teams. As his experience and successes grew, Conrad began to understand the importance of placing more emphasis on educating the rider.
In training riders all over the world, Conrad attributes a great deal of his success to the experience of teaching in other countries, where he has discovered variations of training and riding traditions. In his efforts to teach students from such different backgrounds, he has developed a specific formula and regime to ensure that the best results are achieved by all. His focus on mental fitness and rider awareness are enhanced and developed through his training of the horse with the basic foundations of the scales of training, his Conrad was born on his family's 300 acre farm in Neuhof, south of Frankfurt. He sat on his first pony when he was 4 years old. His passion for dressage was ignited during his long association as pupil of mentor Dr. Josef Neckerman. At the age of 32, after 10 years successfully riding at the national and international level, Conrad focused his prerequisites for optimum performance and his selection of working patterns to achieve correct execution of movements throughout the levels.
