It's So Easy: and Other Lies By Duff McKagan
Publisher: Touchstone
Published: November  2011 (UK)
Pages: 384 Pages
ISBN: 145160663X
Format: epub


A founding member of Guns N’ Roses and Velvet Revolver shares the story of his rise to the pinnacle of fame and fortune, his struggles with alcoholism and drug addiction, his personal crash and burn, and his phoenix-like transformation via a unique path to sobriety. 
In 1984, at the age of twenty, Duff McKagan left his native Seattle—partly to pursue music but mainly to get away from a host of heroin overdoses then decimating his closest group of friends in the local punk scene. In L.A. only a few weeks and still living in his car, he answered a want ad for a bass player placed by someone who identified himself only as “Slash.” Soon after, the most dangerous band in the world was born. Guns N’ Roses went on to sell more than 100 million albums worldwide. 
In It's So Easy, Duff recounts GN’R’s unlikely trajectory to a string of multiplatinum albums, sold-out stadium concerts, and global acclaim. But that kind of glory can take its toll, and it did—ultimately—on Duff, as well as on the band itself. As GN’R began to splinter, Duff felt that he himself was done, too. But his near death as a direct result of alcoholism proved to be his watershed, the turning point that led to his unique path to sobriety and the unexpected choices he has made for himself since. In a voice that is as honest as it is indelibly his own, Duff—one of rock’s smartest and most articulate personalities—takes readers on his harrowing journey through the dark heart of one of the most notorious bands in rock-and-roll history and out the other side.

About the Author


Duff McKagan is the former bass player for and founding member of Guns N’ Roses.  Duff was in GNR for 13 years and subsequently founded the band Velvet Revolver along with fellow GNR member Slash in addition to his own band, Loaded.  Duff writes a weekly column for Seattle Weekly, ESPN.com, and the "Duffonomics" financial column on Playboy.com.  He lives with his wife--supermodel Susan Holmes McKagan--and daughters in Seattle, Washington. 