StudioLine Web integrates all functions for designing, publishing and maintaining professional web sites into a single user interface – layout editor, page editor, image archive, image editing, graphics and text effects, picture galleries, file transfer and site management.

An absolute novelty – you easily edit your images, apply special effects and arrange them as collages directly on your page and immediately view the outcome.



Page Editor
You can drag & drop images and text onto your page and place them at exactly the desired pixel positions. Professional design features such as rulers and magnetic guidelines, design elements and alignment tools help perfect your layout.


Layout Editor
Achieve a consistent look and feel throughout your web site project with layout templates. Changes to a global layout template will automatically carry through to the associates pages.


Web Galleries
You may already have used the entry-level online albums included with StudioLine Photo. With StudioLine Web, you can design your own one-of-a-kind web galleries.


Graphics Effects
The extensive image editing capabilities of StudioLine Photo are an integral part of the page and layout editors. You can edit and enhance your images directly on your pages.


Website Management
StudioLine Web manages your navigation links in its project database and automatically keeps them current.


Publishing Management
The built-in FTP component keeps track of new, updated and obsolete content. Smart-update technology keeps existing web pages reachable, while site updates are being uploaded.


Support for RAW Files
RAW formats of popular cameras by Canon, Fujifilm, Konica-Minolta, Nikon, Olympus, Pentax, Sony, Sigma and other brands are supported. The extended color space allows for losless editing of your RAW formatted images.
For a list of supported camera models follow the link below.




Hash: E17F20A85E9D9206B3219E11A2CB454878361A15



scanned with Comodo IS + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = CLEAN

ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome