The HDR Book: Unlocking the Pros Hottest Post Processing Techniques
By: Rafael Concepcion

Product Description
When it comes to HDR, only three key ingredients are needed - hardware, software, and post - processing technique. Hardware is simple — there are only a few things you need to set up and shoot an HDR series. Software is vastly improved, making it easier for anyone to create an HDR image. The hard part is the post - processing technique. There are only two options: hours and hours of experimentation or The HDR Book.

Featuring real - world interviews with passionate HDR photographers, The HDR Book, by Rafael RC Concepcion, is more than a how-to and different from any other HDR book out there. While other books on HDR tend to lean toward the esoteric or formulaic, this book takes another approach. Its a complete and total HDR workshop that teaches you the one thing that most other books miss – once you've tone mapped your image with HDR software, youre still not finished.

Within the pages of this book, youll find 10 projects shot with everything from a point-and-shoot to a 37- megapixel, medium-format camera. The projects are designed to show you how the subtle differences in each scenario [lighting, subject, environment, etc.] dictate the post-processing needed to achieve one of the many final looks covered. Youll learn not only the different tone map settings RC used, but youll also learn the final steps taken in Photoshop to complete each image. Then, youll recreate these looks your self using the exact same RAW files that RC used! Plus, you get four bonus images to play with and create your own look. The end result - a more intrinsic understanding of the nuances of HDR that will help you create the images youve always wanted.

Best of all, The HDR Book is written using the three top HDR processing programs in the industry today: Photoshops HDR Pro, Photomatix Pro, and HDR Efex Pro. No matter which program you use, youll be able to follow along and create your own stunning looks in no time.
About the Author


*** Enjoy and Please SEED ***