NOTE: I've been searching the inter-webs looking for the EUR version of Yakuza 4, and have only managed to find this JPN version. I couldn't find it on any torrent sites I went to but for 1 or 2 that I've never seen before, so I figured I'd make it easier for my fellow pirate's by uploading it here. if ANYONE in Europe that has access to the English one, please upload it, or share where to find it. This game is tested, and works just fine with, but I only got about a half hour into the game an ended up playing nothing but the UFO catcher game, and a very confusing game of AnswerxAnswer. I didn't have the patience to go through the game in nothing but Japanese no matter how big a Yakuza fan I am, so maybe another pirate that either knows Japanese, or is just more patient can make use of this. Again, if someone has access to the English version of this, please upload it or please share where to find it. From what I have played in this game, it has improved from the previous Yakuza 3 in many ways, so for anyone looking for it you're in for a treat. I've also uploaded this on demonoid.

Language: Japanese
Size: 21.7 GB
BLJM60208

A key feature of the Yakuza 4 is the ability to control one of four characters to choose from (all the earlier parts was the only main character). Plot Yakuza, as the name implies, focuses on the lives of Japanese gangsters. However, the players the opportunity to become acquainted with many other features of Japanese culture.

A place where events unfold Yakuza 4, will be the city streets Kamurocho, known to us by the previous part, though, the developers have expanded and deepened the location. For example, you can now go down the drain, to visit the underground parking, walk to new shopping centers or climb on the roofs of buildings. Recall that the levels are created with an eye to modern Japan, in particular, the authors took as a basis for actually existing district Kamiyacho, which is located in Tokyo.

It's no secret that the main highlight of the gameplay of all parts of Yakuza are spectacular fights. And here the authors are not lazy by giving each of the four heroes with its unique style of fighting. For example, Shun is very agile and loves to attack strikes the legs. Teyga relies on its impressive weight and the muscles that allow it to easily crack down on enemies. In Masayoshi are very technically techniques of evasion and counterattack, ending with the beating of the enemy. But the legendary Kazuma demonstrate his trademark street fighting style.