Summary:

Amazon.com
The quiet little mountain town of South Park, Colorado enters its sixth season as America’s weirdest and most dysfunctional town, and if you thought that title was already claimed by Springfield, I have one word for you: Lemmiwinks. If you thought it couldn’t get any weirder, this season will prove you wrong. But the good news is that South Park has always been able to maintain a mathematical-like balance of proportionality so impressive it could be charted on a graph: as South Park gets weirder, so it gets funnier (usually). Which makes sense because one of South Park’s greatest strengths has always been to reflect the strangest elements of society, which, let’s face it, are pretty strange. Targets this season include exploitive daytime TV shows ("Freak Strike"), celebrities gone wild (Russell Crowe fightin’ round the world), the Catholic priest sexual-abuse scandals ("Red Hot Catholic Love"), and the meat industry ("Fun With Veal"). Creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker even parody the reality of competing with The Simpsons’s longevity in "The Simpsons Already Did It," where Butters, gone out of his mind and in his Professor Chaos persona, can’t even come up with an original evil scheme to unleash on the citizens of South Park. Fortunately for fans, the quality of the writing is as strong this season as it has been at any point in the show’s run, and it’s not like the show’s going to back off from its trademark gross-out factor at this point. Proof of that can be found in "The Death Camp of Tolerance." In an extreme satire of sex education class, Mr. Slave and Lemmiwinks, the heroic and intensely unfortunate gerbil, make their, umm, debuts. In South Park, this is what qualifies as a normal school day. Taken as a whole, Season Six is one of the show's strongest punches yet to the face of a society that had it coming. --Daniel Vancini
Product Description
Sit back and enjoy all 17 episodes of the sixth season of the show that makes you laugh your @$$ off, now available for the first time in this exclusive 3-disc collector’s edition. This season tackles such issues as child abduction, animal rights and early mammary development and its effects on society. Also, Cartman wears a dress on national television and Butters goes out of his mind. For them, it's all part of growing up in South Park.

Audio For All Episodes:

Encoding - VBR (Variable BitRate)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 107kb/s
Language - English

Video For All Episodes:

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Codec - XViD (XviD ISO MPEG-4)
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 771kb/s
Frames per Second - 23.976
Resolution - 512 x 384

Episode List:

"Jared Has Aides"
Original Air Date: 3-6-2002
The gang returns for a sixth season in this episode in which they seize upon an opportunity to make money with a weight-loss program that's sweeping the country.

"Asspen"
Original Air Date: 3-13-2002
The boys head to Aspen, where the slopes are superb and Stan gets into a showdown with the lodge's expert skier.

"Freak Strike"
Original Air Date: 3-20-2002
The gang decides to put Butters up as a guest on a talk show thinking that they will get special favors.

"Fun with Veal"
Original Air Date: 3-27-2002
The boys try to save baby lambs from the slaughterhouse.

"The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer"
Original Air Date: 4-3-2002
The boys look forward to the newest Terrance and Phillip movie.

"Professor Chaos"
Original Air Date: 4-10-2002
When Butters is rejected by the kids, his alter ego Professor Chaos is unleashed.

"Simpsons Already Did It"
Original Air Date: 6-26-2002
Professor Chaos (aka Butters) sets up another sinister plot to destroy the world; The boys invade Mrs. Choksondiks autopsy.

"Red Hot Catholic Love"
Original Air Date: 7-3-2002
The Catholic Church scandal begins to effect the town.

"Free Hat"
Original Air Date: 7-10-2002
The boys try and stop famous directors from ruining their favorite films by enhancing and re-releasing them.

"Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society"
Original Air Date: 7-17-2002
When a female classmate begins to develop the boys friendship is threatened.

"Child Abduction is Not Funny"
Original Air Date: 7-24-2002
The overprotective parents of South Park will do anything to keep their children from being kidnapped.

"A Ladder to Heaven"
Original Air Date: 11-6-2002
The kids when a shopping spree in a candy store, but Kenny was holding the winning ticket. Kyle, Cartman, and Stan decided to build a ladder to heaven to get the ticket from their deceased friend so they can claim their prize.

"The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers"
Original Air Date: 11-13-2002
After watching The Lord of the Rings, the boys are inspired to go on a difficult quest to return their copy of the film to the video store.

"The Death Camp of Tolerance"
Original Air Date: 11-20-2002
The boys are sent to a camp where cultural sensitivity is taught.

"The Biggest..."
Original Air Date: 11-27-2002
Cartman takes desperate measures to try to rid himself of Kenny's spirit, including traveling to Scotland.

"My Future Self N' Me"
Original Air Date: 12-4-2002
Stan is forced to look at his life 30 years in the future; Cartman tries to launch a new business.

"Red Sleigh Down"
Original Air Date: 12-11-2002
Cartman tries to score some points with Santa Claus by asking him to deliver presents to the needy children in Iraq.

Other Information:

I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!