The Stoning of Soraya M. (Persian: .سنگسار ثريا م) is a 2008 American drama film adapted from French-Iranian journalist Freidoune Sahebjam's 1990 book La Femme Lapidée, based on a true story. The film is directed by Cyrus Nowrasteh and stars Academy Award nominee Shohreh Aghdashloo, James Caviezel (as Freidoune Sahebjam, the foreign journalist) and Mozhan Marnò (as Soraya Manutchehri, the title character). Stoning had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival, where it was the runner-up for the Audience Choice Award. It was also the second runner-up for the Cadillac People's Choice Award. The book has been banned in Iran.

Stranded in a remote Iranian village, a journalist (Freidoune Sahebjam) is approached by Zahra, a woman with a harrowing tale to tell about her niece, Soraya, and the bloody circumstances of Soraya's death, by stoning, the previous day. The journalist must escape with his life to tell the story to the rest of the world.

Ali is the abusive husband of Soraya who tries to get the village's mullah to convince Soraya to grant him a divorce. She refuses. The mullah then proposes that Soraya becomes his lover in exchange for protection and monetary support for Soraya and her two daughters. Soraya has two sons whom Ali wants, and who have both turned against her. Soraya gets very frustrated and after a meal she throws two plates on the floor for which Ali beats her. Ali tells his boys that this world is for men only. Some days following the incident, there is a death in the village. The mullah, the village's mayor, and Ali ask Zahra to persuade Soraya to take care of the widower. Zahra suggests that Soraya may do the job if she is paid.

Soraya starts working for the widower, but Ali suggests that Soraya is being unfaithful to him with the widower. Ali talks to the mullah about his suspicions and the mullah reminds Ali that adultery is punishable by stoning under Sharia (Islamic law). Ali tells the mullah that if Soraya were dead, he would not have to pay child support. The mullah hesitates, but Ali blackmails him. After a brief discussion the mullah and Ali start a rumor about Soraya's infidelity so they can charge her with adultery. One day while Zahra is walking in town, she realizes that a rumor has spread that her niece is being unfaithful to her husband.

Ali and the mullah manipulate the widower into admitting that Soraya sleeps at his house. However, the widower specifies that Soraya was napping because she had a headache. Soon after, Ali starts beating Soraya in public, observed by the neighbors. Zahra, Ali, and Soraya visit the mayor. Ali and the mullah falsely claim that Soraya smiled at the widower and whispered something to him. The widower is brought in and admits Soraya lies down on his bed and says things that only a husband should hear. The mayor asks Soraya to defend her innocence, reminding her that under Islamic law if a woman is accused by her husband of any wrongdoing, she must prove her innocence rather than the accusers proving their charges.

The trial begins and Soraya realizes that she will not prevail. Even her father takes sides against her. Soraya is found guilty and stoned to death. Her father is given the first stone to throw but he misses her and even tries two more times and still misses. A woman in the crowd tries to say that the stones are missing for a reason, that she is innocent, but her husband Ali takes up stones and starts to throw them. Her two sons are also forced to throw stones. The widower is then given two stones to throw but he is unable to bring himself to throw them and walks away. Then the rest of the crowd joins in on the stoning. The stoning stops when she is believed to be dead. Ali approaches her and he sees her open one of her eyes. He screams that the "bitch is alive" and the stoning resumes. Soraya finally dies.

Zahra is heard narrating the story to the journalist about her niece. In the end, as the journalist is leaving, the mullah tries to stop him and seize the tapes. They destroy all of the tapes but as the journalist is leaving in his car, Zahra appears out of an alley with the true tape in her hand. As the journalist drives away he stops and grabs the true tape from Zahra and speeds away. The movie ends with Zahra screaming that the whole world will know what has happened.

(Wikipedia).

This is just one more of tose movies that I did not find in here with suitable subs. Now it is in here.
Please keep seeding (great movie).

