The Death of Adolf Hitler - 1973 - BAFTA Winner

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1633kbps 
Duration.............: 1:46:41
Resolution...........: 600*450 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,470,022,190 
NO SUBTITLES

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0283307/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Adolf_Hitler
 
http://bayimg.com/NaLoMAaDl


Set entirely in a replica of the Berlin bunker, this drama follows the last ten days of Hitler’s life, from his birthday on April 20, 1945 until his death by desperate suicide, as his dream of a thousand-year Reich became a drugged and paranoid nightmare.

Starring SFTA Best TV Actor Winner Frank Finlay (The Pianist) as Hitler and Caroline Mortimer (The Pallisers) as Eva Braun.

Frank Finlay	 ...	Adolf Hitler
Raymond Adamson	 ...	Field Marshall Keitel
Cyril Appleton	 ...	1st Guard
Sean Arnold	 ...	2nd Guard
Lindsay Barker	 ...	Holde Goebbels
Richard Bebb	 ...	Grand Admiral Doenitz
Peter Blythe	 ...	Dr. Stumpfegger
Willy Bowman	 ...	Field Marshall Von Greim
Carole Boyd	 ...	Fraulein Manzialy
Harry Brooks Jr. ...	Axmann
Alan Brown	 ...	Telephone Adjutant
John Carlin	 ...	Zanger
Robert Cawdron	 ...	Hermann Goering
Richard Champion ...	Lorenz
Martine Chapman	 ...	Hedda Goebbels


Adolf Hitler committed suicide by gunshot on Monday, 30 April 1945 in his Führerbunker in Berlin. His wife Eva (née Braun), committed suicide with him by ingesting cyanide. That afternoon, in accordance with Hitlers prior instructions, their remains were carried up the stairs through the bunkers emergency exit, doused in petrol and set alight in the Reich Chancellery garden outside the bunker. The Soviet archives record that their burnt remains were recovered and interred in successive locations until 1970 when they were again exhumed, cremated and the ashes scattered.

There have been different accounts citing the cause of his death; one that he died by poison only and another that he died by a self-inflicted gunshot, while biting down on a cyanide capsule. Contemporary historians have rejected these accounts as being either Soviet propaganda or an attempted compromise in order to reconcile the different conclusions. There was also an eye-witness account that recorded the body showing signs of having been shot through the mouth but this has been proven unlikely. There is also controversy regarding the authenticity of skull and jaw fragments which were recovered. Further, the exact location of where Hitlers ashes were scattered also differs, depending on the historical source consulted.

Dramatizations

The Death of Adolf Hitler is a British 1973 made-for-television production. Set in the Führerbunker, it follows the last ten days of Hitler’s life. It stars Frank Finlay in the title role, who won a BAFTA award of Best Actor for his performance.

Hitler: The Last Ten Days is a 1973 feature film directed by Ennio De Concini and starring Sir Alec Guinness in the title role.

The Bunker was a 1981 made-for-television film directed by George Schaefer and based on the book The Bunker (1978) by James ODonnell about the last months of the war and days in the Führerbunker from 17 January 1945 to 2 May 1945. Sir Anthony Hopkins won an Emmy Award for his portrayal of Hitler.

War and Remembrance is a 1989 American TV miniseries. Part 12 (its final part) devotes several minutes to a realistic portrayal of Hitlers final few days except that General Weidling is replaced by a fictitious character ("General Armin von Roon").

Der Untergang (Downfall) is a 2004 German feature film largely set in and around the Führerbunker. Director Oliver Hirschbiegel reconstructed the look and atmosphere through eyewitness accounts, various survivor memoirs and other verified sources. It also carries an interview with Traudl Junge.