::General::
  Complete name: Legion (2010) 720p BRRip x264 Aac Dual Audio{Eng-Hin} [Eng Subs]-       
                 atik0786 Silver RG
  Director: Scott Charles Stewart
  Format: Matroska (MKV)
  File size: 544 MiB
  Duration: 1h 36mn (96 min)
  Overall Bitrate: 792 Kbps
  Language: English
  Sub Title: English
  Encoded date: UTC 2011-08-28 17:49:33
  Writing application: mkvmerge v3.2.0
  Writing library: libebml v0.7.9 + libmatroska v0.8.1
  Encoder: atik0786
  Source: BluRay


::IMDB INFO::
  IMDB Link:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1038686/
  IMDB Rating:5.0/10
  Release Date:5 March 2010 (India)
  Genre:   Action | Fantasy | Thriller   



::Video::
  ID: 1
  Format: AVC
  Format/Info: Advanced Video Codec
  Format profile: High@L3.1
  Format settings, CABAC: Yes
  Format settings, ReFrames: 5 frames
  Codec ID: V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
  Duration: 1h 36mn (96 mins)
  Nominal Bitrate: 657 Kbps
  Maximum Bitrate: 1000 Kbps
  Width: 1280 pixels
  Height: 528 pixels
  Display aspect ratio: 2.40:1
  Frame rate: 29.970 fps
  Color space: YUV
  Chroma subsampling: 4:2:0
  Bit depth: 8 bits
  Scan type: Progressive
  Writing library: x264 core 112



::Audio::
  ID: 2
  Format: AAC
  Format/Info: Advanced Audio Codec
  Format profile: LC
  Codec ID: A_AAC
  Nominal Bitrate: 64 Kbps
  Maximum Bitrate: 320 Kbps
  Duration: 1h 36mn (96 mins)
  Channel(s): 2 channels
  Channel positions: Front: L R
  Sampling rate: 48.0 KHz
  Compression mode: Lossy


::Audio::
  ID: 2
  Format: AAC
  Format/Info: Advanced Audio Codec
  Format profile: LC
  Codec ID: A_AAC
  Nominal Bitrate: 64 Kbps
  Maximum Bitrate: 320 Kbps
  Duration: 1h 36mn (96 mins)
  Channel(s): 2 channels
  Channel positions: Front: L R
  Sampling rate: 48.0 KHz
  Compression mode: Lossy



::Cast::
    Paul Bettany, Dennis Quaid and Charles S. Dutton



::Plot::
  The Archangel Michael (Paul Bettany) falls to Earth in Los Angeles. He cuts off his wings and steals a police car 

after a policeman kills another officer because the former is possessed. He then heads for the Paradise Falls diner, 

near the edge of the Mojave Desert.
Meanwhile, Kyle (Tyrese Gibson), a single father driving to L.A., stops at the diner. There he meets the owner, Bob 

Hanson (Dennis Quaid); his son Jeep (Lucas Black); the short-order cook Percy (Charles S. Dutton); a pregnant 

waitress, Charlie (Adrianne Palicki); a married couple, Howard and Sandra Anderson (Jon Tenney and Kate Walsh), 

and their rebellious teenage daughter, Audrey (Willa Holland).
An old woman enters the diner. She seems pleasant at first, but then begins taunting the diner's patrons. When Howard 

tries to reason with her, she rips his throat open, screeches that they are all going to die and climbs up the ceiling like 

an insect. Kyle shoots her with a handgun after she attacks Bob. Percy, Jeep and the diner patrons try to hurry an 

injured Howard away in Kyle's SUV, but are forced to go back after passing through a swarm of horse flies.
Michael arrives and arms the patrons as the entire sky plunges into blackness. Michael leads the patrons to fight off a 

large number of possessed people that arrive. They drag off Howard and cease their attack. He explains that God has 

lost faith in mankind and has sent down his angels to destroy the human race. He also reveals that Charlie's baby is 

deemed to be the savior of mankind, and that it must stay alive if humanity is to have any hope of surviving. Michael also 

reveals that his original mission was to kill Charlie's baby, but he disagreed with God's orders, as he still has faith in 

the goodness of humanity.
The next morning, Sandra discovers Howard crucified behind the restaurant and covered with boils. She tries to 

rescue him, but he violently explodes. Percy shields Sandra from the blast and is killed, while Sandra is driven insane. 

Meanwhile, the patrons manage to catch a radio transmission revealing that there are other pockets of survivors holding 

out against the possessed, with one such refuge nearby. However, Michael advises not to go, since they would be too 

vulnerable on the move. That night, a second wave of possessed attack, luring Kyle out by pretending to have a father 

and his son show up and having the father run over, motivating Kyle to run out to save the child. The child turns out to 

be possessed, kills Kyle, and attacks Audrey, but Michael intervenes and guns down many possessed. The attack pushes 

a panicked Charlie into labor. She delivers the baby as trumpets sound, signaling the approach of the Archangel Gabriel 

(Kevin Durand), who is leading the attack on humanity. In a panic, Sandra breaks her restraints and tries to give the 

baby to the possessed, so Michael kills her.
Moments later, Gabriel is sent by God. When Gabriel reaches the diner, he seriously injures Bob, and Michael gives 

Jeep the keys to the police cruiser he arrived in, urging them to escape. The hordes of possessed humans are unable to 

approach Charlie's baby, so Jeep, Audrey, Charlie, and her baby make their way to the cruiser. Gabriel and Michael 

fight, ending with Gabriel stabbing Michael through the chest with his mace. Michael dies and his body disappears. Bob 

lights a flame to the diner's gas main, blowing up the diner and destroying himself and the remaining hordes of 

possessed.
Jeep's body gets covered in the same mysterious drawings seen on Michael's body. Gabriel then shows up, having 

survived, and swoops down on the fleeing car. As he tries to reach Charlie, Audrey jumps on him and sacrifices herself 

after she yells at Jeep to slam on the brakes, sending Gabriel through the front windshield as the car crashes. Charlie 

and Jeep survive with the baby, but Charlie indicates that Audrey did not survive the crash. Gabriel finally corners 

Jeep and Charlie in the nearby mountains. He is about to kill them when Michael appears from Heaven, an angel once 

more, and stops Gabriel. Michael tells Gabriel that he (Michael) did what God needed, not what God wanted, thus giving 

humanity another chance. With his angelic powers back, Michael easily defeats Gabriel, but spares his life after which 

Gabriel leaves, defeated. Michael explains to Jeep that he is the child's true protector, then flies off. Charlie and 

Jeep make it to the top of the mountain and see a small town in the valley below.
Sometime later, Charlie, Jeep, and the baby are seen driving off into the distance with a car full of weapons, after 

which the credits roll.

::Trackers::

 
http://nyaatorrents.info:3277/announce
 
http://tracker.istole.it/announce
 
http://pow7.com/announce

 
http://tracker.publicbt.com:80/announce
 
http://tracker.publicbt.com/announce


udp://tracker.1337x.org:80/announce
 
http://t1.pow7.com/announce


Info Hash:4963D97832AEED16DF494EC3595EA5AEB2E2F1A1 



::Screenshots::
 
http://i.imgur.com/fVtKT.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/mUeBe.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/tdyPo.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/N0Ksh.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/YWSXZ.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/ZBPvN.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/DmVxM.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/x3tB6.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/dseA4.jpg



::Greetz::
To All Silver RG Encoders,AliBaloch,Emad,TrT/TcT,Torrentstate,DarkNight,MXMG,BigW & All Other P2P RGs



::Note::
  Make sure its real Silver RG Release From Silvertorrents.me,A video sample is included in the folder for those who 

want to check quality and compatibility before downloading the whole movie.