 Power packed automatic video editing software to celebrate memories from photos and video. Based on award-winning video editing software with loads of personalization features.There’s a whole new way to make movies today. Real movies. Polished, tightly edited movies that tell your story with perfectly-timed movement, close-ups, even music that feels just right in every frame. You can do this and more using the all-new muvee Reveal. In minutes, muvee Reveal takes your video, photos and music and automatically edits them to make the movies you always wanted to make. We simply call them muvees.

Your World in High Definition
muvee Reveal makes it easy to transfer HD video from your AVCHD and HDV camcorders so you can enjoy muvees in High Definition on your large screen television. Choose between 1280x720 and 1920x1080 resolution and PAL and NTSC formats.

Style
One click and you can give your muvee the style of your choice. From scrapbook style to high energy. The style feature sets the mood with its unique effects and textures. In addition to the 9 free styles, you can also purchase more styles.

NVIDIA® CUDA Acceleration
Movies save up to 8x faster with NVIDIA CUDA!
For systems with NVIDIA CUDA-enabled graphics card, you can enhance the processing power of saving and rendering your movies up to 8x faster than before.

Make it your own
There are an infinite number of ways you can personalize your muvees. Music, style, captions, voiceover, and even details like credits at the end are all yours to choose. The possibilities are wide open

Easy Transfer
One-touch transfer from your camcorder, phone, or camera makes it easy to import any pictures regardless of format.

Instant Full Screen Previews
Even before you save your muvee, you can watch it instantly in full screen in DVD-quality. This allows you to review your muvee in greater detail and make ongoing changes at any time. You’ll see exactly what you’re getting instantly. And if you don’t like it, you can change it on the spot. Instant gratification super-sized.

A New Way to Share
A new way to share muvees privately online with just one click. shwup lets you export and share your muvee directly with friends and family using a private online album. They can even contribute their own photos and video in the same album. It's your totally private online space. A new place for everyone to gather and share experiences

Powerful Editing Tools
muvee Reveal makes everything easy. Automatic brightness, color correction, rotate image, red eye reduction, focus in on specific details, image sequence—you’re in control of it all and more.

Take it Anywhere
It’s easy to transfer your muvee to your iPod, phone, or DVD. You can even play it on your PSP. You’ll never be at a loss for ways to share your muvee.

Supported input formats
Video: WMV, Quicktime, MPEG4, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG1, DV-AVI, 3GPP, AVCHD, HDV
Pictures: JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP, TIFF
Music: MP3, WMA, AAC, WAV

Supported output formats

Video: WMV, WMV-HD, QUICKTIME, MPEG4, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG1, AVI, 3GPP
 

Supported languages
English, French, Italian, German, Spanish Chinese (Simplified, Traditional), Japanese, Korean Dutch, Portuguese (Portugal),Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Swedish 


Tested And Working Do Disconnect IT during install plz Think of you friends :)

Enjoy