Music : Indie : Lossless






Mélanie Laurent - En T'attendant (Featuring Damien Rice)(2011)(FLAC)(Digital PDF Booklet Included)










Mélanie Laurent (born 21 February 1983) is a French actress, director, singer and writer. She is best known to international audiences for her role as Shosanna Dreyfus in Quentin Tarantino's 2009 film Inglourious Basterds, for which she won Best Actress from the Online Film Critics Society and the Austin Film Critics Association.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C3%A9lanie_Laurent




You likely know Mélanie Laurent as Shoshanna from "Inglorious Basterds". She recently delved into music and released her debut album, "En T'attendant," on which she collaborated with Damien Rice.

The album is a musical test drive, and a slow one at that. Most of the songs on "En T'attendant" are at least four minutes long. The album opens with and ends with two minute tracks of melodic piano, and the introduce and emphasize the tone of the album. Damien's influence on the album is obvious. Here's a clip from "Uncomfortable," one of two duets with him on the record.

The album can feel, as Mélanie sings, un peu maladroite (a little clumsy), especially when she sings in English. Although the album gets long and drawn out at times, there are refreshing moments in "En T'attendant." Arriving at Mélanie's vocals rushing over the background in "Insomnie" is a pleasant change in pace. It reminds me of the catchy tracks from "Chansons D'Amour".

Overall, the album seems like one to savor patiently. It's a lovely experimentation, and I hope to see more music (and possibly more collaborations) from her.
 
http://www.whatstheruckus.com/2011/05/melanie-laurent-en-tattendant.html









Mélanie Laurent is perhaps best known as the chick who kills Nazis in Inglorious Bastards. But on May 2nd, the 28-year-old French actress/model will release her debut album, En T’Attendant. Of the 10 tracks included, five were co-written and co-produced by Damien Rice. Rice also duets on two tracks, “Uncomfortable” and “Everything You’re Not Supposed To Be”, which you can stream below. Both tracks are also available for purchase via Rice’s website.

Speaking to Ireland’s Herald newspaper (via 24B), Laurent discussed the collaboration:

''It’s a crazy story. I went to Woodstock [over two years ago] to record the album and I was unhappy with what happened there. I called my manager and asked him to call Damien Rice’s manager and organise something. I didn’t expect him to come, but he did, and we started to work together. I fired everyone and followed him to Ireland. He taught me everything about being a musician. I was a huge, huge fan, so it was weird for me to just speak with him like it’s natural…''
 
http://consequenceofsound.net/2011/04/melanie-laurent-taps-damien-rice-for-debut-album/








Tracklist:

01. Début
02. En t'attendant
03. Everything you're not supposed to be (feat. Damien Rice / Duet)
04. Circus
05. Kiss
06. Je connais
07. Pardon
08. Insomnie
09. Il fait gris
10. Uncomfortable (feat. Damien Rice / Duet)
11. Papa
12. Fin

See Digital Booklet for more detailed information about writing and performing credits.









ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!
