 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052738/

7,6




An extraordinary portrayal of humanity set during one of history's most inhumane periods, 'The Diary Of Anne Frank' features Millie Perkins as the insightful 13-year-old biographer of her family's two year hiding in an Amsterdam attic. At first, the strong-willed teenager embraces her fugitive lifestyle as an adventure but in time the ever-increasing fear of discovery and close quarters prove nearly unbearableifor the eight personalities in hiding, which include Mr. Dussell (Ed Wynn), the abrasive Mrs. Van Daan (the Oscar-winning Shelley Winters), her husband (Lou Jacobi), and their son Peter (Richard Beymer), for whom Anne develops an impossible love...



Director George Stevens
Certificate Universal Suitable for All
Year 1959
Languages English
Additional Languages Italiano German Polish
Subtitles Danish English Finnish French Dutch Italian Norwegian Polish Swedish German
Duration 2 hours and 24 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Actors

Millie Perkins Joseph Schildkraut Shelley Winters Richard Beymer Gusti Huber Lou Jacobi Diane Baker Douglas Spencer Dodie Heath 

Diary of Anne Frank, The [1959 PAL DVD][En.De.It.Pl Multisubs[10]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Fox Classics #14

George Stevens directed this 1959 film adaptation of the hit play based on the writings of Anne Frank, a Jewish girl who hid in an attic with her family during the Nazi occupation. When Holland was invaded by the Germans in 1942, some of the Jewish refugees attempted to survive the war by hiding out, aided by sympathetic Dutch nationals. The Frank family hid above a spice business at 263 Prinzengracht, accompanied by a neighbouring family ? the Van Daans and another man named Mr. Dussell. The film plays through the eyes of the Frank?s youngest daughter Anne (Millie Perkins) and the diary she kept documenting her captivity and telling of her struggle to cope with such claustrophobic living conditions.

Speltid 171 min
Färg/svartvit Svart/vit
EAN-kod 7391772394415
Textning Danska Engelska Finska Franska Holländska Italienska Norska Polska Svenska Tyska 
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 4.0)
 Italienska (Mono)
 Polska (Mono)
 Tyska (Mono)
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk)
Lokal titel Anne Franks dagbok
Orginal titel The Diary of Anne Frank
Genre Drama Klassiker Krigsfilm
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 1959
Regi George Stevens
Manus Anne Frank
