About 18 minutes of music...without the last one which had 4 minutes of silence in between.
This ones not crap. At least I don't feel that way at the moment.
When I play something I usually destroy it because there is a strong feeling inside me that I am just crazy, and grandiose, and delusional, and embarrassing myself.
That no one wants to tell me it is crap.
That feeling is a remnant of what they did to me. And it is so strong I after I was brought to Eddie I hid all these things in myself away, from even in myself, in fear of them destroying one more thing I loved.

I have reached out now to the last I will ever reach out to again - from my old Church.

I am certain I will not hear from here at all.

After 49 I got baptized there after avoiding Churches for so long, only to find out that the minister there was old friends with my sister.


And after telling him so very much about what happened, he responded to a phone call from my sister to visit her at the hospital while my father was close to death.

The minister did. He did not tell me he did. I found out through others.

To me that is wrong, very wrong, considering that I told my sister 14 years ago about her son and my father, and she still protects my father,


This is beyond me. The minister should have declined citing a conflict. And gone no further, He did not. And he didn't tell me.

And two weeks ago I sent two emails to the Church asking if I could put a statue in the memorial garden at the Church for Eddie, where I could see it on Sundays, and have my ashes as others do there in thirty years I so.

They never responded.

And it is now beyond me.


And this music is not crap.

And I have no idea anything in what I am playing other than memories of old melodies. I do not remember learning. I have no idea the chords I am playing or why. It came back to me along with the image of Eddie's body, after I had heard how bad my nephew was recently being hurt.


I will never reach out to anyone ever again. I may post this still.

But I have no interest in the world anymore.

DHS can chose to do whatever they desire. It is irrelevant to me what the world does.

I have printed the IRS form to report my brother in law. A friend will help me fill it out and we will send it tonight. Because unlike others I do report when someone has broken the law. Although forgery and tax evasion are not that high on my agenda, not as high as my nephews. We will see if anything is done. Dan is already facing 190,000. And I think I know why.