Description
An exotic, erotic, hot & sexy girl avatar with voice recognition in your pocket.
⚠⚠ WARNING ⚠⚠ Pocket Girlfriend is Rated 17+ for just being so damn hot.
★★ #1 TOP SELLING ADULT APP on iTUNES now on ANDROID ★★
Experience the HOTTEST INTERACTIVE ADULTS ONLY VIDEO GAME available today. She’s an exotic, erotic, hot, & sexy virtual girl avatar with voice recognition in your pocket.
NO STILL PHOTOS HERE. Unlike other applications that only offer some random image gallery of half naked Japanese anime girls in bikinis, quasi porn platinum blond hentai bombshells in pasties, or an assortment of semi nude Megan Fox, Kim Kardashian, and Jessica Alba wallpaper pics; Pocket Girlfriend moves, she’s interactive, and most importantly she’s real.
YES SHE’S REAL! We use movie clips of an actual live hottie; in various outfits, poses, and positions and shot exclusively for your entertainment. She’s not some 3D rendered manga mannequin. She’s a naughty cleaver talking virtual lover who’ll make a great illusion or prank to tease your wife / girlfriend.
★★ KEY FEATURES ★★★★★★★★★★
❶ She Talks to You..... And what she has to say is absolutely hilarious! Hundreds of funny one liners that every guy loves to hear, but no sane girl would ever utter.
❝ I’ve decided to buy myself a boob job, how big do you want them? ❞
❝ Say, let’s go down to the mall so you can check out women’s asses. ❞
❝ That was a great fart, do another one! ❞
❝ Bar food again kick ass! ❞
❝ Foreplay is such a waste of time. ❞
❝ The new girl in the office is a real beauty and a stripper too! I’ve invited her over for dinner on friday. ❞
❝ I liked that wedding even more than ours, your ex-girlfriend has class. ❞
❝ If we’re not going to have sex, then you have to let me watch football. ❞
❷ She’s Hot, Really Hot..... And yes that’s a feature.☺
❸ She Listens to You..... Ask her any question and she’ll respond to it. She’s smart and will try her very best to predict what you’ll want to hear.
❹ She’s Animated..... She engages with you and playfully shows you her assets. Zoom in on any part of her for a different perspective.
❺ She’s Interactive..... She’ll even miss you when you’re gone. She’s accelerometer aware. Shake her. Touch her.
★★ TIPS & TRICKS ★★★★★★★★★★
Ask her ❝ What is your name? ❞
Ask her ❝ Are you a vegetarian? ❞ 
Ask her ❝ Can I go to hooters? ❞
Ask her ❝ Am I being a chauvinist? ❞
EXTRA BONUS: If you mention your wife’s / girlfriend’s name she’ll have a few special phrases just for them.