Cynthia Ann Stephanie Cyndi Lauper (born June 22, 1953) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She achieved success in the mid-1980s with the release of the album She's So Unusual and became the first female singer to have four top-five singles released from one album. Lauper has released 11 albums and over 40 singles. After more than 25 sterling years and global record sales in excess of 30 million, she has proven that she has the heart and soul to keep her legion of fans compelled by her every creative move. The beauty of Cyndi Lauper is that she has evolved into a richly multifaceted renaissance woman who strikes a resonant chord with each project. 
Lauper announced via her official Twitter account in December 2009 that she would be recording a blues album. Sessions were held in March 2010 at Electrophonic Studios in Memphis, Tennessee with producer Scott Bomar, her frequent collaborator Bill Wittman and special guests B. B. King, Charlie Musselwhite, Ann Peebles and Allen Toussaint  
Memphis Blues is Laupers eleventh album, nominee for the Grammy Awards 2010. 
It was released on June 22, 2010.  (wikipedia)

The blues, like the novel, is always dead or dying, according to someone, somewhere. But somehow, time and again, both these old forms find a way to resurrect themselves. Still, if you were asked to finish a sentence that begins The next great blues album will be the work of (your candidate here), it would be pretty long odds that your answer would be Cyndi Lauper.
Nonetheless, here she is with Memphis Blues, and if there’s been a better blues album this year, it’s a well-kept secret.
Hard-core blues fans have every right to be suspicious of high-profile interlopers who breeze in and, with no credentials or background, lay claim to territory where excellent musicians have been toiling for years with little or no recognition. But life isn’t fair, and sometimes these interlopers deserve a listen. Maria Muldaur cut an acoustic blues album a few years ago that set the standard for such invasions, but Lauper gives that earlier album some serious competition.
The blues that come from Memphis are hard to categorize because they often stray over the line into rhythm and blues on one end and pure folk on the other, with gospel infusing everything. But all of it, from the the Memphis Jug Band to Elvis, from the Box Tops to Isaac Hayes, dips into the blues. And Memphis studios and their session players are equally famous for their Southern hospitality. Outsiders as varied as Dusty Springfield and reggae star Toots Hibbert have been welcomed in to marry their art with the local juju. Memphis, after New Orleans, might be the city most vital to American music.
Since the very definition of Memphis music lies in its accommodating elasticity, Lauper mixes up all sorts of styles, often on the same song. On Louis Jordan's Early in the Mornin', she shares vocal duties with B.B. King (who started out as a Memphis disc jockey) but makes room in the arrangement for an Allen Toussaint piano part that’s right out of the Professor Longhair playbook. By the same token, she can take a Chicago blues standard, feed it some barbecue, and teach it how to sweat. Of course, it doesn't hurt to have the undersung Ann Peebles, a true Memphian, along for the ride, but Lauper's version of Muddy Waters’s Rollin' and Tumblin' makes the song sound like it’s always lived in that storied city on the banks of the Mississippi River.
What makes the album work, though, are Lauper’s vocals. She always had a terrific voice, but she’s spent her life learning what she could do with it. With unerring pitch and faultless rhythm, she weaves in and out of a lyric, teasing lines, putting her little foot down right on the beat and then winging into the next phrase with such gravity-defying grace that it almost sounds easy. Listen to the bridge on Don't Cry No More, where she sings over the drums alone for several measures before some very greasy horns jump in and escort her back to the chorus. It's a couple of minutes of music so good, I jumped out my chair when it was over. It takes guts for a singer to walk onto territory once owned by Memphis Minnie, but Lauper pulls it off like a woman who knows everything there is to know about having fun with the blues.  (Newsweek)


Charles Skip Pitts (guitar) 
Kirk Smothers (tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone)
Derrick Williams (tenor saxophone)
Marc Franklin (trumpet)
Lester Snell (piano, organ)
Howard Grimes (drums, percussion).

 1. I'm just your fool (featuring Charlie Musselwhite)
 2. Shattered dreams (featuring Allen Toussaint)
 3. Early in the morning (featuring Allen Toussaint & B B King)
 4. Romance in the dark
 5. How blue can you get (featuring Jonny Lang)
 6. Down dont bother me (featuring Charlie Musselwhite)
 7. Don't cry no more
 8. Rollin' and tumblin' (featuring Kenny Brown & Ann Pebbles)
 9. Down so low
10. Mother earty (featuring Allen Toussaint)
11. Cross roads (featuring Jonny Lang)
12. Wild women don't get the blues (European bonus track)
