Ok... Hi again folks. I happen to have handy this fantastic fileset that I am just now archiving away into my permanent collection and I thought that I would first offer it here to the members of TPB. For anyone here that might have this in their personal collection already or to any others that might want to get this, I should make clear to you that nothing here in this particular fileset will exactly match to any other versions of this that have been listed to any other prior sites. 
I guess to those of you who know exactly what this is, not much needs to be said at all. And, to any others who might be interested in this listing, you can read the enclosed info text below, and there is much available concerning the original album release and, also, its newer reissue online. You can find quite a bit more info at http://www.jenniferwarnes.com/fbr20-gallery02/index.html 
This Jennifer Warnes project resulted in a truly landmark recording and you will find much discussion of that fact, if you wish to delve into some deeper research. 
Anyway... here is this very nice collectable item, if you want to take it, only a simple present for anybody who may choose to accept it from me. So, with that... Happy Holidays to all members here at TPB and to their extended families and my Best Wishes for you in the New Year !! Enjoy...

Jennifer Warnes
Famous Blue Raincoat - Outtakes
Unissued recordings from the 1986 studio sessions

Source:
These tracks here were traded before from a low generation, high-quality tape but the levels were quite low. This newer version has the levels boosted to a more pleasant and consistant playback listening volume. Note that this fileset has not been Normalized or noise reduction applied at all, only the dynamic gain was adjusted and the gaps between the tracks, somewhat, evened up. 


Tracklist:
1 First We Take Manhattan
2 Bird On A Wire
3 Famous Blue Raincoat
4 Song Of Bernadette
5 Joan Of Arc
6 Coming Back To You (Take 1)
7 Coming Back To You (Take 2, with backing vocals)
8 Came So Far For Beauty
9 A Singer Must Die


Notes:
Jennifer Warnes was a backup singer on a couple of Leonard Cohen's tours and was also featured on a couple of his albums. In 1987, Jennifer put out an album (still in print) called 'Famous Blue Raincoat', which consists of Leonard Cohen covers and a couple of songs that she wrote with Leonard. He is also featured as a guest singer on one of the tracks. These "outtakes" are from that specific album's studio recording sessions. This release being 'Famous Blue Raincoat - Outtakes', or demos and alternate studio takes of songs from the album. The tracklist here is very similar to that of the released 'Famous Blue Raincoat' album; and there's no rumoured "Waiting For The Miracle" outtake or any other Leonard Cohen song that was not included on her originally released album. Some of the songs seem to be "straight" live in the studio takes, and these also sound as if the tape generation shared here are not far removed from the high-quality mastertape source. Although all songs are close to the final album versions, these are all variously mixed takes or demos and they are all different from the actual release versions. Also, it should be noted that many audiophiles still consider the 'Famous Blue Raincoat' album to be one of the finest recordings of all time.


Artwork is included.

Hope you enjoy the music... and until next time