S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Real Warfare 2: Northern Crusades (c) 1C Company

16-11-2011........Release Date - Protection...........StarForce
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Real Warfare 2: Northern Crusades is the next step in this series of
realistic real-time strategy games covering various periods in the
development of the present day civilization - from the Middle Ages to
today.

This new title helps players witness the key events in the history of
the Teutonic Order in 13th century, namely conquering the pagan
Prussia. All battles form a single storyline campaign. The player will
act as a Komtur of the Teutonic Order as they relive the battles of the
crusaders, regardless of the low manpower of the Order and the strong
resistance of the heathens.

The project perfectly comprises two types of gameplay and owing to that
the objectives of the Komtur are not simply limited to participation in
battles.

The strategic map involves the gamer into a colorful and integral world
and allows them to travel around the map in the real time. The mode
features full freedom of movement, dialogues with locals, RPG elements,
quest system and much more. However, sooner or later, the players will
have no other choice other than engage their faithful warriors into a
battle. And this could be a combat with other armies, large-scale
sieges of towns and castles, using various special assault weaponry and
tools and fight right on top the walls and fortifications.

Features:

RPG system Troops gain experience throughout the campaign and carry it
over from mission to mission.

Combat system A unique combat system, dependent on up to 80 game
factors. Moral component of the combat system evaluates the battlefield
situation every second to bring the simulation of combat behavior for
the "living" warriors as close to reality as possible.

Unprecedented scale Real Warfare 2: Northern Crusades features not only
really large-scale battles with more than 10,000 warriors engaged, but
impressive and unprecedentedly vast actions during the siege and
defense of towns and castles, using various special assault weaponry
and tools and fight right on top the walls and fortifications.

Freedom of actions Variable modifiers consider the environment a unit
is battling in and make the game tactically versatile.

Two gameplay modes The game now features a strategic map, where the
player can travel around the world and interact with various
characters however the battles will be carried out in the well-known
tactical mode.

Network game Apart from the storyline campaign the game features
several diverse multiplayer modes. From 2 up to 6 gamers can
participate in a battle at a dedicated Internet server. The final
results will form online Hall of Fame.

State-of-the-art graphics Graphics engine used in the game provide for
the highest level of details. Historically correct armor and weaponry,
realistic animation and battle scenes, which correspond to the specific
period - Real Warfare 2: Northern Crusades depicts the 13th century in
great details.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


System requirements:

- Operating system: Microsoft Windows XP SP2 / Vista / 7
- Processor: Intel Pentium 2,0 GHz/AMD 2000+
- Memory: 512 MB
- Hard disk space: 3 Gb free hard disk space
- Video: GeForce 7300/Radeon 9200 or better
- Sound: DirectX compatible
- DirectX: DirectX 9.0c 


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/To9k6.jpg


Screens:

 
http://i.imgur.com/CIClS.jpg
 
http://i.imgur.com/LDNVl.jpg


ENJOY!