Dead Island-RELOADED
 Dead Island (c) Deep Silver

       09/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
             1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action


 Terror. Violence. Madness. Bedlam. A holiday paradise gone mad. A tropical
 island turns into total chaos after a mysterious zombie outbreak. Cut off
 from the rest of the world, the player's only chance to survive is to fight
 to the death and find a way to escape from the island.

 Dead Island combines first-person action with a heavy focus on melee combat,
 character development and customization of a vast array of weapons. All of
 these gameplay features are presented in a dark story inspired by classic
 zombie movies with a gritty and engrossing campaign that can be played with
 up to four players in co-op mode.

 Set in an open world tropical island, hordes of different festering zombies
 await players around every corner while they embark on a variety of
 thrilling missions through the holiday resort. With firearms and ammunition
 being scarce the player must rely on utilizing found items as weapons for
 self-defense and fight off zombie hordes in intense melee combat. A diverse
 range of items can be collected and will later serve to transform the
 player's ordinary makeshift weapons into serious instruments of destruction.

 In addition to satisfying even the most bloodthirsty action fan's fantasy,
 Dead Island also features role-playing elements which allow the player to
 develop one of the game's unique character classes according to their
 preferences, all the while learning new skills and fresh tactics during
 their journey through the perilous environments of the island. What's more,
 anytime during a game up to four players can seamlessly join together and
 experience the intense combat and immersive story with cooperative gameplay.

 With the all-new Chrome Engine 5 powering Dead Island, the game will use the
 latest installment of Techland's acclaimed proprietary game engine, allowing
 the player to experience the tropical island paradise in graphical splendor
 with diverse environments like lush forests and detailed city environments.


 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game using our installer.
 4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir on the disc to the
   dir of the game. Install the redists from the \REDIST
dir as needed.
 5. Play the game.
 6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!