Please seed!

Giacomo Puccini - Tosca
Éva Marton, José Carreras, Juan Pons, Michael Tilson Thomas

Tosca is an opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa. It premiered at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome on 14 January 1900. The work, based on Victorien Sardou's 1887 French-language dramatic play, La Tosca, is a melodramatic piece set in Rome in June 1800, with the Kingdom of Naples's control of Rome threatened by Napoleon's invasion of Italy. It contains depictions of torture, murder and suicide, yet also includes some of Puccini's best-known lyrical arias, and has inspired memorable performances from many of opera's leading singers. Puccini saw Sardou's play
when it was touring Italy in 1889 and, after some vacillation, obtained the rights to turn the work into an opera in 1895. Turning the wordy French play into a succinct Italian opera took four years, during which the composer repeatedly argued with his librettists and publisher. Tosca premiered at a time of unrest in Rome, and its first performance was delayed for a day for fear of disturbances. Despite indifferent reviews from the critics, the opera was an immediate success with the public. Musically, Tosca is structured as a
through-composed work, with arias, recitative, choruses and other elements musically woven into a seamless whole. Puccini used Wagnerian leitmotifs (short musical statements) to identify characters, objects and ideas. While critics have frequently dismissed the opera as a facile melodrama with confusions of plot - musicologist Joseph Kerman famously called it a "shabby little shocker" -the power of its score and the inventiveness of its orchestration have been widely acknowledged. The dramatic force of Tosca and its characters continues to fascinate both performers and audiences, and the work remains one of the most
frequently performed operas. Many recordings of the work have been issued, both of studio and live performances.  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tosca  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giacomo_Puccini

Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924), Composer
Sung Text:Giuseppe Giacosa (1847-1906), Author
Luigi Illica (1857-1919), Author
Victorien Sardou (1831-1908), Original Text Author

Recorded 1988, released 1990
Format: DDD stereo

Artists:
Èva Marton (sop)	         Floria Tosca
José Carreras (ten)	Mario Cavaradossi
Juan Pons (bar)		Baron Scarpia
István Gáti (bass)	Cesare Angelotti
Ferenc Gerdesits (ten)	Spoletta
Italo Tajo (bass)	         Sacristan
József Németh (bass)	Sciarrone
Józef Gregor (bass)	Gaoler
Benedek Héja (treb)	Shepherd Boy

Hungarian State Orchestra
Conductor: Michael Tilson Thomas

Hungarian State Radio and Television Chorus
Paul Griffiths and Ferenc Sapszon, chorus masters

For libretto in German, English and Italian: 
http://www.opera-guide.ch/opera.php?id=286&uilang=en


Tosca, Act 1 (Disc 1)
01  Atto I. Ah! Finalmente! (Angelotti)
02  E sempre lava! (Sagrestano, Cavaradossi)
03  Dammi i colori! (Cavaradossi, Sagrestano)
04  Gente la dentro (Cavaradossi, Angelotti, Tosca)
05  Mario! Mario! (Tosca, Cavaradossi)
06  Non la sospiri (Tosca, Cavaradossi)
07  Ah, quegli occhi! (Tosca, Cavaradossi)
08  E buona la mia Tosca (Cavaradossi, Angelotti)
09  Sommo giubilo, Eccellenza! (Sagrestano, Coro)
10  Un tal baccano in chiesa! (Scarpia, Sagrestano)
11  Or tutto e chiaro (Scarpia, Tosca, Sagrestano)
12  Ed io venivo a lui (Tosca, Scarpia)
13  Tre sbirri... Una carrozza (Scarpia, Spoletta, Coro)

Tosca, acts 2 and 3 (disc2)
01  Atto II. Tosca e un buon falco! (Scarpia, Sciarrone)
02  Ha piu forte sapore (Scarpia, Sciarrone)
03  O galantuomo (Scarpia, Spoletta)
04  Meno male! (Scarpia, Coro, Spoletta, Cavaradossi, Tosca)
05  Dov' e Angelotti? (Scarpia, Cavaradossi, Spoletta, Tosca)
06  Ed or fra noi parliam (Scarpia, Tosca)
07  Sciarrone: che dice (Scarpia, Sciarrone, Tosca, Cavaradossi)
08  Orsu, Tosca, parlate (Scarpia, Tosca, Cavaradossi, Spoletta)
09  Nel pozzo... nel giardino (Tosca, Scarpia, Sciarrone, Cavaradossi)
10  Nel pozzo del giardino (Scarpia, Cavaradossi, Tosca, Sciarrone)
11  Salvatelo! (Tosca, Scarpia)
12  Se la giurata fede (Scarpia, Tosca)
13  Vissi d'arte (Tosca, Scarpia)
14  Vedi, le man giunte (Tosca, Scarpia, Spoletta)
15  E qual via scegliete? (Scarpia, Tosca)
16  Atto III. Io de' sospiri (Pastore)
17  Mario Cavaradossi? (Carceriere, Cavaradossi)
18  E lucevan le stelle (Cavaradossi)
19  Ah! Franchigia a Floria Tosca (Cavaradossi, Tosca)
20  Oh dolci mani (Cavaradossi)
21  Senti... l'ora e vicina (Tosca, Cavaradossi)
22  E non giungono (Tosca, Cavaradossi, Carceriere)
23  Come e lunga l'attesa! (Tosca)
24  Presto, su! Mario! Mario! (Tosca, Spoletta, Sciarrone, Soldati)
 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/puccinitosca-w7867 
http://www.amazon.com/Puccini-Tosca-Complete/dp/B000002709/ref=dp_return_1?ie=UTF8&n=5174&s=music

