DVDFab Platinum v8.1.0.7 Qt Beta

This is a AIO = all in one program double click exe and use clickable buttons.

[img]http://www.dvdfab.com/images/logo.png[/img]

What's New:

DVDFab 8.1.0.7 Qt Beta (July 29, 2011)

New: Updated language files.
New: Added "Drives" in Settings window, user can specify the drives which should be processed. For example, user can exclude DVDFab virtual drive from processing.
Fix: A/V sync problem when using CoreAVC decoder.
Fix: Auto play doesn't work in v8106 beta.
Fix: Preview still play audio when converting.
Fix: Improved "Set as default" for profile.
Fix: Two issues for commandline parsing.

DVD Copy:
New: Improved "ask region" logic, which will ask user only when needed.

DVD Ripper:
New: Added 5.1 channels audio output for Xbox 360 and iPod/iPhone.
Fix: No idx/sub files output when using vob.passthrough profile.

Blu-ray Copy:
New: Added two options for "How to copy Blu-ray 3D": one is "Copy as Blu-ray 2D" and another is "Convert to Blu-ray SBS 3D".
New: Added new feature "Convert to Blu-ray SBS 3D". User can copy a Blu-ray 3D disc to BD25/BD9/BD5, play it on normal standalone 2D player, and watch it on a 3D TV.
New: Added new feature "Convert DTS/LPCM to AC3 audio". It improves compatibility when user copy a Blu-ray disc to BD9/BD5 (AVCHD).
New: Improved "ask region" logic, which will ask user only when needed.
New: Added support for new Java-based protection.
New: Brand new UDF 2.50 parser.
New: Brand new m2ts muxer which is Blu-ray compatible.
New: Improved seek ability for VC1 video source.
Fix: Seek problem on certain cases.
Fix: TMT playback problem for certain Blu-ray discs.

Blu-ray Ripper:
Fix: Intel Quick Sync problem when converting Blu-ray to PS3.

Blu-ray to DVD Converter:
Fix: Cannot convert small title which is less than 2 minutes.
Fix: An oversize problem when user choosing multiple audio and subpicture streams.


Features:

DVD Copy v8.1.0.7 aka DVD to DVD
DVDFab DVD Copy is popular worldwide and known for its power and flexibility. You can copy a DVD with just a click or two, or use DVD Copy's many settings to customize the ouput. Burn it to a blank DVD or write the output to a folder or image file on your hard drive or media server, compress content to fit on smaller discs, the choice is yours!

Blu-ray Copy v8.1.0.7 aka Blu-ray to Blu-ray
DVDFab Blu-ray Copy leads the industry in features and options. Remove all known Blu-ray protections, with lightning fast protection updates from our 24/7 server. Copy Blu-ray to blank discs or your PC hard drive, compress them to fit on BD-25 media or even DVD9 or DVD5 discs, all in high definition!

Blu-ray 3D Ripper
v8.1.0.7
The first Blu-ray 3D to 3D video ripping software in the world, rips any Blu-ray 3D to AVI, MP4, WMV, and MKV 3D video for playback on 3D display devices. Side-by-side 3D format supported. The 3D type can be left/right or top/bottom. And the video frame size can be full (100%) or half (50%). Just like all DVDFab products, Blu-ray 3D Ripper is also superior in speed and quality, and very easy to use.

Blu-ray to DVD Converter
v8.1.0.7
DVDFab Blu-ray to DVD Converter, the first full-featured and the most powerful Blu-ray to DVD converter in the world, can convert any Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc independently for playback on DVD player or DVD player software, offers people total freedom from Blu-ray to DVD, with super fast speed, great output quality, helpful editing functions, and many other neat features.

Video Converter v8.1.0.7
aka File to Mobile
This handy option allows you to convert quickly between many popular video/audio file formats such as AVI, MP4, MKV, FLV and many more for use on many mobile/portable devices as well as advanced consoles and media players. It has the power and flexibility to produce the output that you need.

website: http://www.dvdfab.com/

Installation Info:
1)install the dvdfab setup and don't launch
2)open crack folder and right click on the msvcr90.dll and copy
3)go to the install folder 
C:\Program Files\DVDFab 8 QT   and or C:\Program Files(x86)\DVDFab 8 QT
and right click and paste the file and Copy over other msvcr90.dll or do the patch same spot
4)start DVDfab program and close welcome screen
and click on the green check mark at the top
and on the top left of the settings window click on general
and in the middle bottom area uncheck check for new version automaticly click ok
And never update as u will lose your registration
5)enjoy from Slickinator


