Official Web Site:  http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sketchmee/id402398831?mt=12

SketchMee is the most advanced automatic pencil sketch generator in the world, but very easy to use and super fast. Sketches are actually drawn, stroke by stroke, on a blank paper.

SketchMee was selected by Apple as a main front page feature app in Mac App Store, March 2011.

Best in Class

The successful SketchMee apps for iPhone and iPad have redefined what's possible to achieve in computer generated art with just a few taps, leaving even desktop computer software behind. Until now, that is.
SketchMee on a Mac brings the technology to a whole new level. The processing power enables the algorithms to shift into higher gears and generate new and incredible results. What's become possible has surprised even ourselves during development!

Easy to Use

All you need to do is to open an image file. It is then automatically processed with the great default settings. Then just save the result.
The somewhat more advanced user may want to change some settings in the control panel. A small number of well balanced, very powerful controls are available for you to try out. A good way to start experimenting is to try the 10 built-in presets on your photos by pressing Cmd-1, Cmd-2 etc. And should you find your own favorite settings, store them as new presets.

If you want to use only a part the input image, just click "Crop Input…", select a width-to-height ratio, zoom, pan, and crop. Reset crop at any time to restore the original input image.

Unique Features

Traditional image filters just produce an image the same size as the input, but not SketchMee: A sketch is made up of thousands of mathematically defined pencil strokes, layered in clever ways to achieve the correct amount of shading in every part of the image. This powerful approach enables some unique features:

Regardless of the size of your input image, your sketch can be saved as a 16 megapixel, perfectly sharp, high quality JPEG, fit for any use.
Even if you crop your sketch heavily (click "Crop Output…"), you can save the remaining sketch fragment as a sharp, full resolution, 16 megapixel JPEG.

Zoom in as deep as you like to inspect the strokes. They appear perfectly crisp at any zoom level.

High Speed

SketchMee performs the highly complex processing in parallel, making full use of every processor core in your Mac. Both when analyzing the input images and when rendering the finished sketches to screen at any zoom level, all to keep waiting times at a minimum. Processing is often finished in seconds!

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6.6 or greater

--- PLEASE SEED ---
