Description
Handcent SMS is a powerful free sms/mms tools for your android phone
The most popular messaging app on the Android Market, Handcent SMS is a powerful, customizable, and free SMS/MMS app that fully unleashes the messaging potential of Android devices. More than just an unsurpassed alternative to the stock Android messaging app, Handcent SMS features optional, seamless online integration with your My Handcent Online account allowing users to circumvent the limitations of the Android OS and wireless carriers.
The following lists some of Handcent's most popular features:
> Full SMS and MMS support augmented with unmatched features powered by the Handcent network
> Integrated spellchecking and additional message composition tools
> Additional security options allow you to password protect and hide individual messages with the Privacy Box or secure all of your messages. These protections apply regardless if they are viewed in Handcent SMS, the stock Android messaging app, or any third party applications!
> Support for more than 20 languages and growing as well as support for the various messaging protocols of different countries
> Handcent’s Contact Locator plugin helps you quickly locate your friends using GPS!
> Group sending features capable of extending Android’s SMS limitations of 100 messages per hour up to 1,100 messages per hour
> Optional SMS Popup notification and other notification customizations such as unique notification sounds, vibrate patterns, backgrounds and themes for individual contacts
> Customize every aspect of your Handcent SMS application with countless themes and skins available for free download from the Handcent Network. New themes are added daily!
> Mimic the unique messaging layouts of other device manufacturers such as HTC’s Sense, Motorola’s Blur, or even the iPhone!
> Backup Security powered by the Handcent network allows you to backup all your Handcent’s settings, SMS messages and MMS messages to your My Handcent Online account and restore them if you reinstall Handcent or if you reset your device or upgrade to a new one.
> Handcent MMS+ allows you to circumvent Android’s MMS limitations and send up to 10 files at 25 megabytes each for a total message size of 250 megabytes! This means sharing higher quality photos, videos, and music!
> Better MMS support and picture resizing that resolves Android compatibility issues with some carriers such as those in the UK
> Auto-splitting feature for messages over 160 characters for users on CDMA networks such as Verizon Wireless
> Additional font packs to further customize your SMS messages are available as downloadable plugins
> Integrated Blacklist feature with the ability to filter incoming SMS and MMS messages by origin and help block SPAM
> Manage drafts and undelivered messages
> Schedule tasks to deliver SMS and MMS messages at a specific time or regular intervals such as daily, weekly or monthly
> Full support for vCards allows you to send, receive, import and export them with Handcent SMS
> Share beautiful Handcent eCards with family and friends to mark holidays, birthdays, etc.
> Send and receive fun emoji icons and smileys to other Android Handcent users as well as iPhone users. Once exclusive to the iPhone, this integrated feature of Handcent SMS may now be enjoyed by Android users. Additional emoji are available as free, downloadable plugins!