Talk of the Town

Gigi, the party girl, and Mallory, the solitary responsible business woman, have been friends since childhood. But times are changing for the old pals. Mallory is seeing a psychiatrist and struggling to grow up and to understand her life (including her love for Gigi). Meanwhile, Gigi continues to flit from one risky, albeit usually humorous, caper to another, seemingly unconcerned about her future.
When Mallory finally starts to date again, after years spent recovering from an old heartache, she is smitten with a new doctor in town. As the romance turns serious, Mallory begins to feel confident about her future. Gigi watches Mallory blossom right before her eyes. And while their circle of friends can always keep things light and interesting, they can’t shield Mallory from the betrayal that could destroy her newfound happiness or from Gigi’s reckless ways. Of course, with enough beer, barbecue and B. S., anything is possible with these gals in this comic tale of contemporary lesbian life.


The Wish List

Maggie… will never forget the day that her best friend, Celia, told her she was in love with another woman. Shocked and confused, Maggie fled from their friendship, married Celia's castoff fiancé, bore his child, and buried herself in a model suburban life. 
Celia… ¬always a rebel and a bridge burner, left everything she knew to live openly as a lesbian. Content, but never truly happy, she's watched a string of relationships evolve from serial monogamy to serious monotony. Now running a lesbian art colony in Arizona, she's involved in a passionate, but empty, relationship with a beautiful - and very jealous - younger woman. 
For twenty years, Maggie has kept her true feelings for Celia a secret - even from herself. Newly widowed, she is finally free to acknowledge the unspoken wishes of her heart. The lesbian apprentices on Celia's ranch are more than willing to play matchmaker, but finishing what was never begun may take more trust and courage than either Maggie or Celia can give.
