Dare.Dorm.9.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-XCiTE


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=10286749497695968464.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=52007531502639591546.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=86319046949869344116.jpg


WILD AND CRAZY
I love the idea of Anything But Cloth party. This over the top, Animal House style party, is definitely on my personal top ten Daredorm submissions of ALL TIME... Anyways, the idea was to have a party where you can wear anything you want, except cloth. We get to see some pretty creative arrangements by the guys, and some super hot and revealing ones from the girls. From cones on the tits, a la Madonna, to a bikini made from duct tape on roller skates, to bubble wrap, to caution tape, to You name it!! Once the girls started kissing each other, that's when the party went from Awesome, to Legendary... These two girls jump on this dudes rod, while another chick is blowing the hell out of this other guy. All of you guys have to check this movie out. Tell your friends about it. I know I am.
GETTING LOOSE
I don't know if it's just me, but I always think that girls are evil, and this episode of Daredorm totally proved me right. Cute Jade decided to do several pranks on her boyfriend and roommate, and caught it all on video. Maybe this time she went to far by completely trashing his dorm room with plastic wraps. Once the boyfriend found out about his room, he was raging big time, and there was only one way to calm him down. I'm sure all of you Daredorm fans know what she had to do to please him. To make a story short, she totally payed for what she did, and she loved it too.
YOUR TURN
Daredorm once again makes Internet history. This is the first dorm party that we see the Potty Bong. Leave it to an engineer major to come up with something like that. He constructed this huge beer bong out of a toilet, that works beautifully. Once you see it, it totally makes you wanna take a beer bong hit. Add some fine horny girls into the mix, and you get a historic Daredorm party. A couple took one of their cameras and had an awesome fuck fest in the janitors room, only to come back to the dorm and find a steamy foursome in the works. 