[b][PC GAME - ENG] FIFA 12 Demo (2011) Team MJY MovieJockeY.CoM[/b]

[img]http://www.isok.ru/img/full/394cead432227a801640817ef740bd29.jpg[/img]

Game Title/Name: FIFA 12 Demo

File Size: 1.55 GB

Publisher: Electronic Arts

Developer: EA Canada

Type: PC Games

Language: English

Genres: Sports

Description:-

FIFA 12 brings the genre of sports simulation to a new level with innovative physics engine Player Impact Engine.

Now clashes players, selection and power struggle ball looks the same as in real matches.

The new system allows Precision Dribbling better retain the ball even in limited space.

This means that players will have more time for decision making in attack and more opportunities to control the pace of the match.

System Tactical Defending responsible for the arrangement of players on the field and their acts of interception the ball.

By good tactical coordination and synchronization in the new series dramatically increase the efficiency of the command of Defense.

Managed advanced artificial intelligence athletes will take more informed decisions, taking full advantage of their best qualities and skills of team-mates.

Features:-

* Core Player Impact Engine. Makes it possible to respect the game of real laws of physics. Provides a variety of options for the outcome of the collision of players on the field. The fight for the ball became more natural and easier for players to regain strength after minor collisions;

* System Pro Player Intelligence. This artificial intelligence system now manages the behavior of players during the match. It gives them an opportunity to make decisions in accordance with their own skills and characteristics with other team members;

* System Tactical Defending radically changed its approach to the game on the defensive: it requires the development of tactical operations;

* System Precision Dribbling. Allows full control of the match, provides plenty of time to make thoughtful decisions;

* The reality of injuries. Kernel Player Impact Engine is capable of real-time tracking of interaction between players, examines the collision force and its effects on the body, which allows to determine realistically the severity of injuries. Now, gamers will have to deal with new types of injuries, as well as to assess the risk of serious injury if a player is sent to the field is not fully healed;

* New look. Improved lighting, realistic platform, the new camera position, make the game look like a real broadcast of the match, and every exit on the field - special;

* Simplified navigation. With the new menu system, navigation is much faster and easier;

* Reliability of the game. In FIFA 12 provides more than 500 licensed clubs and 15,000 players.

System requirements:-

Operating System: Microsoft ® Windows XP SP3 / Windows Vista / Windows 7

Processor: Intel Core2Duo E2140 1.6GHz or AMD X2 4000 + 2.1GHz or faster

Memory: 1 GB (2 GB for Vista)

Video Card: ATI Radeon X700 Pro 256MB PCI Express or Nvidia GeForce 7800 GTX 256MB PCI Express graphics memory or greater

Sound system: compatible with DirectX ® 9.0c

Hard drive space: 3 GB


Credits To Original Releaser

I’m Just Doing My Best To Share The Source Available On Net