United We Fall (2010), DVD5(xvid), NL Subs, DMT 
Canada
Documentaire
124 minuten


 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1705078/

United We Fall is een documentaire over de Noord-Amerikaanse Unie die momenteel wordt 
ontwikkeld tussen Canada, de Verenigde Staten en Mexico. Deze film werpt een blik op beide 
zijden door het interviewen van zowel insiders als activisten die in het heetst van dit verhit 
debat zitten. Te beginnen met de vrijhandelsakkoorden van het na-oorlogse tijdperk en over 
gaan tot de geglobaliseerde wereld waarin we nu leven, de film gaat over de bredere agenda 
voor het opbouwen van een wereldwijde regering en de gevolgen daarvan.

--United We Fall is a documentary about a North American Union that is being developed right 
now between Canada, the United States, and Mexico.
For years this topic has been debated in the news and in political circles as being a possible
 future for North America. In recent years, the mood has shifted and a rift is developing 
between those who want a deeply integrated North American community, and those who 
wish to retain their national sovereignty.
This film takes a look at both sides of the issue by interviewing insiders such as members of
 the ultra-secretive Bilderberg group, the Trilateral Commission and the Council On Foreign 
Relations and also journalists and activists such as Luke Rudkowski, Alex Jones and producer
 Dan Dicks who have been at the heart of this heated debate.
The film also explores the global elite's broader agenda for the formation of a One World Government.
Will a North American Union be beneficial to you and your family, or will it be the downfall of three sovereign nations? You be the judge.

United We Fall.
Three Nations. Two Sides. One Union.


Info :
SOURCE..........: RETAIL DVD5
SIZE............: 895 MB
FORM............: AVI
VIDEO CODEC.....: XVID 
AUDIO...........: English
AUDIO CODE......: AC3
BITRATE.........: 192kbps
CHANNELS........: 2
SUBTITELS.......: NEDERLANDS INGEBAKKEN

Spotinformatie
Categorie	:	Beeld
Formaat	:	DivX
Bron	:	Retail
Ondertitels	:	Nederlands (ingebakken)
Genre	:	Documentaire


Deze film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER

