INSTALLATION:
Extract with winrar or 7-zip (www.7-zip.org it is FREEEEEEEEE)
run the "sun.exe" this will load the game. in game you will have the option to select tiberian sun or firestorm.
play.....is as simple as that.

NOTE: on vista and 7 run the game as administrator.

NOTE 2: you might get a missing dll error (telling you to reinstall) the first time you run the exe.
just click ok and run it again, it will work the second time and never give that error again.
----------------------
----------------------
----------------------

Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun is a real-time strategy video game developed by Westwood Studios and released in 1999. The main storyline follows the second major war between the Global Defense Initiative of the United Nations, and the global terrorist organization known as the Brotherhood of Nod who tactically utilizes the highly dangerous extraterrestrial Tiberium substance, disinformation through international mass media, black propaganda to influence mutant populations of The Forgotten, as well as the application of religious fanaticism and an overwhelming share of power and wealth in order to complete the Nod's tireless quest for world domination. The story takes place in 2030, 30 years after the GDI had won the first major war in Command & Conquer (Tiberian Dawn).
As of February 12, 2010, Electronic Arts (EA) licensed Tiberian Sun and its expansion pack Firestorm freeware, thus making it possible to be distributed free of charge. The game was initially available for download from EA's website in order to promote their latest game in Command & Conquer series. This version of the game was extracted from The First Decade compilation by Electronic Arts, and has been found broken, as it fails to play the Nod introduction movie, among other newly introduced bugs with the EA's release of The First Decade (TFD).

Tiberian Sun features three factions (each with its unique strengths and tactics), the Global Defense Initiative (GDI), the Brotherhood of Nod (Nod), and The Forgotten (non-playable, neutral faction of mutants who have been physically and mentally affected by the Tiberium). The storyline follows the continuing struggle between the GDI and Nod, the latter of which is ready to launch a new set of surprise sneak attacks in an attempt to wipe the Global Defense Initiative off the face of the Earth.
The plot is a follow up to the original game Command & Conquer, after the end of which the Nod leader Kane is presumed dead. In Tiberian Sun, Kane resurfaces from his hideout with improved military forces and new Tiberium-enhanced technologies, determined to rule the world at all cost. The GDI commander Michael McNeil is tasked with objectives to prevent the world from falling into the hands of Nod, this time with the very means of the extraterrestrial Tiberium substance.

GAMEPLAY:
Tiberian Sun relies heavily on science fiction technologies, and introduces a new isometric game engine featuring varying level terrain to give the impression of a true 3D environment. Dynamic lighting allows for day/night cycles and special effects, such as ion storms. Maps feature cityscapes where units could hide or battle in urban combat. Some buildings and armored units are rendered with voxels, although infantry is still rendered as sprites.

VIDEO:
Tiberian Sun features full motion video using traditional cinematic shots, featuring well-known Hollywood actors.
Michael Biehn (known from The Terminator and Aliens movies) is portrayed as the GDI commander Michael McNeil, who is instructed by General James Solomon, played by James Earl Jones (known from the original Star Wars trilogy). On the side of the Brotherhood of Nod, Frank Zagarino portrays the commander Anton Slavik, who only lives to follow and enforce every thought of the sociopath Kane, played by the franchise's cutscene director Joseph D. Kucan. The Forgotten are represented by Christine Steel portraying Umagon who teams up with Michael McNeil throughout their joint fight against Nod, Christopher Winfield portraying Tratos the visionary Mutant leader, and Nils Allen Stewart (known from The Mask) portraying Mutant Commando, who is responsible for sending entire Nod bases to hell with a push of a button.

****************EXPANSION/FIRESTORM:************************

Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun – Firestorm is an expansion pack developed by Westwood and published by Electronic Arts on March 7, 2000, for the award winning apocalyptic science fiction real-time strategy video game Tiberian Sun, featuring single player and multiplayer modes. Firestorm takes the storyline to new heights of complexity, introduces new missions and new gameplay features, and adds to the game a (non-playable) fourth faction (CABAL)

Firestorm follows the events as they unfolded in the GDI campaign of Tiberian Sun. With the Brotherhood of Nod fractured into feuding warlords following Kane's death, Anton Slavik (also called The Serbian Wolf) is determined to keep Kane's ideology alive through the resurrection of Nod's highly advanced artificial intelligence, CABAL (Computer Assisted Biologically Augmented Lifeform), while the Global Defense Initiative continues its ongoing campaign to stop the spread of Tiberium and its monstrous mutations by retrieving the extraterrestrial Tacitus device.
GDI and Nod must now join forces in order to overcome Nod's previous vital assistant in tactical decisions and their current nemesis, CABAL, who intends to conquer the world through the systematic assimilation of human populations into its cyborg armies with the means of Tiberium on a massive scale.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk