Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2.



Despite the efforts of the United States Marine Corps and the Special Air 
Service, the Ultranationalists seize control of Russia and declare Imran Zakhaev 
a hero and martyr, erecting a statue of him in the heart of Red Square. 
Meanwhile, Vladimir Makarov, one of Zakhaev's former lieutenants, begins a 
campaign against Europe by committing acts of terrorism over the course of five 
years. In Afghanistan, U.S. Army Ranger Joseph Allen assists in the taking of a 
city from insurgents. Impressed by Allen's abilities, Lieutenant General 
Shepherd recruits him into "Task Force 141", an elite, multi-national counter-
terrorist unit under Shepherd's command. Meanwhile, two other members of 141, 
John MacTavish and Gary Sanderson infiltrate a Russian airbase in the Tian Shan 
mountains to retrieve an ACS (Attack Characterization System) module from a 
downed satellite.
Introduction to the game

Allen is later sent on an undercover mission in Russia for the CIA, joining 
Makarov in a massacre of civilians at the Zakhaev International Airport in 
Moscow. Makarov has been aware of Allen's identity and kills him during 
extraction, leaving his body to spark a war between Russia and the United States 
of America. Angered by what was believed to be an American-supported terrorist 
attack, Russia retaliates with a massive surprise invasion on the United States 
after bypassing its early warning system, revealing that the ACS module 
MacTavish and Sanderson recovered had already been compromised before its 
retrieval. Sergeant Foley leads his squad of Army Rangers, including James 
Ramirez, in defense of a suburb in northeastern Virginia against the Russian 
invasion. They then proceed towards a war-torn Washington, D.C., where U.S. 
forces are fighting the Russians for control of the capital.

Meanwhile, 141 searches for evidence that implicates Makarov as the mastermind 
behind the airport massacre, as all proof of Makarov's involvement died with 
Allen. Intelligence leads them to a Favela, where the team investigates leads on 
Makarov's contact, weapons dealer Alejandro Rojas. They find out from Rojas that 
Makarov's worst enemy, known as Prisoner 627, is locked up in a Russian gulag. 
The Task Force assaults the prison and manages to free 627, who turns out to be 
Captain Price. Price agrees to aid Soap and Shepherd in tracking down Makarov. 
Price decides that ending the war in America is their first priority. To end it, 
he temporarily goes rogue, and leads them to raid a Russian port, where they 
gain control of a nuclear submarine. Price uses the submarine to launch a 
ballistic missile towards Washington D.C. He sets the warhead to detonate in the 
upper atmosphere, which destroys the International Space Station and creates an 
electromagnetic pulse, which cripples vehicles and electronic equipment on both 
sides, giving the Americans a slight advantage. Back on the ground, Foley and 
his squad seek shelter from the disabled aircraft that are now literally falling 
from the sky, and proceed to the White House. There, they receive a transmission 
informing them that the Air Force is preparing to carpet bomb the entire city to 
deny the Russians a strong foothold. Foley's squad fight their way to the roof 
of the White House and set off flares in the nick of time, aborting the air 
strike. Flares are lit on the rooftops of other landmarks, signifying that the 
city is still in American hands.[33]

Narrowing down Makarov's hiding place to two separate locations, Task Force 141 
decides to split up. Price and Soap travel to an aircraft bone-yard in 
Afghanistan, while Roach and Ghost raid Makarov's safe house on the Georgian-
Russian border. At the safe house, Roach and his team obtain vital intelligence 
from Makarov's computer and escape with Makarov's men in pursuit. However, when 
they reach the extraction point Shepherd betrays them, retrieving the 
intelligence and taking it with him, murdering Roach and Ghost in the process. 
Price and MacTavish quickly learn of Shepherd's betrayal, though Price states 
that he wasn't betrayed since he never trusted Sheperd. The duo then manage to 
escape a battle between Shepherd and Makarov's men with the help of Nikolai. 
After contacting Makarov and offering to kill Shepherd for him, Makarov reveals 
Shepherd's location at a mountain base in Afghanistan. Price and MacTavish raid 
the base in an attempt to take revenge on Shepherd in a suicide mission. During 
the infiltration, Shepherd tries to escape and a long boat pursuit ensues.

At the climax of the pursuit, Shepherd boards a helicopter, only for Price to 
disable it by shooting the helicopter's rotor, causing a crash landing. Price 
and MacTavish tumble over a waterfall in the process. After recovering from the 
fall, Soap is armed with only a knife and goes after Shepard on the brink of 
death, staggering to him, as he goes to knife, Shepard counters his attack with 
a knife of his own. Then as Shepard goes to end the life of MacTavish (who is 
now laying on the ground bleeding out with a tanto blade in his chest), Price 
tackles him to the ground and engages him in hand-to-hand combat. After watching 
the two duke it out, Shepard gets the upper hand, but Soap is able to extract 
the knife from his chest and deliver a knife directly into the eye of Sheperd, 
killing him instantly. Price regains conciousness and inspects MacTavish's 
wounds as Nikolai arrives in a helicopter to extract them. Nikolai warns them 
that they will be pursued, but Price insists that MacTavish receive medical 
attention; Nikolai mentions that he knows a safe place to go to, and MacTavish 
and Price are now wanted criminals globally, and go into hiding. 

Instructions:

1. Unpack using Winrar, 7Zip etc.
2. Play using "iw4sp_nosteam.exe"
3. If dll files are missing, download them from "http://www.dll-files.com/"


Packed by me, The Pirate(TPR).