Steve Miller Band
Circle Of Love



Label: Mercury
Released: 1981
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 196 MB
Format: FLAC






This is a very fine record, nothing wrong with it. The production values are high, the performances are solid. The sound is more "layered" than usual, but Steve did not overdo it. 
The opening track, "Heart Like a Wheel," is a jaunty, rockabilly romp with plenty of chipper guitar work and the smoothest of Miller lead and harmony vocal blends. 
"Get on Home" is Miller's reworking of the traditional folk song "Cindy" and he manages to make it distinctive without losing the themes and references of the song; the "call-and-response" style of the chorus is especially likeable. 
"Baby Wanna Dance" sort of echoes the country tune "Dance Dance Dance" from 'Fly Like an Eagle' of five years before. The words are simple ("There've been some lonely, lonely nights/ I've seen some lonely, lonely sights") but the tune is catchy and, of course, it gets you moving. 
The title track is exceptionally beautiful. It never fails to set the mood properly. Just listen to how the lead guitar glides over the chugging rhythm guitar as a perfect complement. 
The final track (all of side 2 in the old days), "Macho City," is a 16 (or is it 18?) minute tour-de-force rap/space blus song that is still pertinent today ("El Salvador/ Afghanistan/ Ask those people about the Macho Plan"). Steve said he wanted to put this one out as a single (edited for radio play) but the record company balked because of the political content. One wonders whether they'd been paying attention to 'Number 5'... Musically, Gerald Johnson's bass playing is still irresistible; Johnson can also be heard prominently on the 'Joker' album, most notably "Shu Ba Da Du Ma Ma Ma Ma," and on 'Recall the Beginning.' Here the bass becomes a lead instrument throughout the second half of the track while Steve experiments with spacey synthesizer sounds as he had with 'Eagle' and 'Dreams.' At one point the song fades out and you think it's over, but it comes back in with a spicier bass line and then culminates in a summer storm. Admittedly there's nothing here that equals the power of a song like "Jackson-Kent Blues" but it is beautiful music. 




Personnel

Steve Miller – vocals, guitar
Byron Allred – keyboards
Gerald Johnson – bass guitar
Gary Mallaber – drums, percussion




Track Listing

1."Heart Like a Wheel" (Steve Miller) – 3:59
2."Get On Home" (Trad. arr. Miller) – 4:02
3."Baby Wanna Dance" (Miller) – 2:15
4."Circle of Love" (Miller) – 6:29
5."Macho City" (Miller) – 16:26
