Banned discovery channel documentary
Lawrence King was a 300 pound, black Republican pedophile who was in charge of the Franklin Credit Union. He was alleged to have operated a call-boy business in partnership with Harold Andersen, then publisher of the Omaha Herald, among others.

King enjoyed Republican society and took his conservative politics seriously. In 1987 he donated $25,350 to Citizens for America, an organization that arranged speaking tours around the country for Lt. Col. Oliver North.

In October 1988, King's Franklin Community Credit Union was raided by the FBI and IRS. A month later the Treasury Department filed suit to recover the $34 million that had disappeared from Franklin's vaults under King's management. King became the subject of the Nebraska Senate's investigation conducted by the specially created "Franklin Committee" to probe charges of embezzlement. In November 1988, King's offices were raided by the FBI and $40 million was discovered missing. Within weeks, the Nebraska Senate, which initially opened the inquiry to find out where the money had gone, instead found itself questioning young adults and teenagers who said that they had been child prostitutes.  Many had been residents of Boystown - though both boys and girls were eventually involved.  Social workers and state child-care administrators accused King of running a child prostitution ring. The charges grew, with the former police chief of Omaha, the publisher of the state's largest daily newspaper, and several other political associates of King, finding themselves accused of patronizing the child prostitution ring.

King served a 15-year federal prison sentence, but only for defrauding the Omaha-based credit union. But the magazines "Avvenimenti" of Italy and "Pronto" of Spain, among others, have charged that King's crimes were more serious: that he ran a national child prostitution ring that serviced the political and business elite of both Republican and Democratic parties. Child victims of King's operations charged him with participation in at least one SATANIC RITUAL MURDER of a child several years ago. The "Washington Post", "New York Times", "Village Voice" and "National Law Journal" covered the full range of accusations after the story broke in November of 1988. King's money machinations were also linked to the Iran-Contra affair, and some say that King provided the CIA with information garnered from his alleged activities as a "pimp" for the high and mighty.

"Pronto", the Barcelona-based, largest circulation weekly in Spain with 4.5 million readers, reported that the Lawrence E. King child prostitution scandal "appears to directly implicate politicos of the state of Nebraska and Washington, D.C. who are very close to the White House and George Bush himself."

The weekly stated that Roy Stephens, a private investigator who has worked on the case and heads the MISSING YOUTH FOUNDATION, "says there is reason to believe THAT THE CIA IS DIRECTLY IMPLICATED," and that the "FBI refuses to help in the investigation and has SABOTAGED any efforts" to get to the bottom of the story. [This indicates that the FBI is now owned and controlled more or less by the CIA. A far cry from the days of Elliot Ness and Al CaPone when the FBI was more concerned with enforcing justice. - Wol.] Stephens says that "Paul Bonacci directly accused President Bush of being implicated" in the affair when he testified before the Franklin Committee. Bonacci, who had been one of the child prostitutes, is identified by leading child-abuse experts as a well-informed, credible witness.