Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5159_1.jpg.html


Screens

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5158_2.jpg.html

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5157_3.jpg.html




Rocco Siffredi , Michelle, Melissa Ria, Niki Sweet, Eva Tores , Colette, Christian Clay, Penelope Tiger, Lili Tiger, Kid Jamaica

In Slutty Girls Love Rocco 2, porn legend Rocco Siffredi and a few of his big-dicked pals tap the special talents of eight girls who'll never say no! Rocco's particular brand of sexual insanity and anal perversion come non-stop in four vignettes, with two sluts per scene! First, British blonde Michelle molests sultry Czech brunette Melissa Ria, who hangs blindfolded in a harness. Rocco joins the horny bitches for a nasty threesome with fucking, sucking, face sitting and lots of teamwork. Michelle uses the bare soles of her pretty feet to stroke Rocco's huge shaft until he orgasms; submissive Melissa tongues his cock head and licks Rocco's goo from her friend's bare feet. Sexy, dark-haired Czech cuties Niki Sweet and Eva Tores, in super-skimpy booty shorts, are using an indoor climbing wall when rude biker Omar Galanti interrupts their workout. He ends up conquering these horny babes in dangerous territory: half-way up the wall, high above the concrete floor! Their acrobatic displays and forbidden anal antics should earn these sexy ass-whores a shot at the next Olympics. Then dirty brunette Andy Brown, dressed in vinyl and fishnets, invades herself with rubber toys; she teases Rocco, sucking his cock while he shoots her POV-style. Meanwhile, Rocco's foxy blonde maid Colette catches the eye of Andy's boyfriend, Christian Clay. Both girls team up on his cock, with plenty of eager rimming and ass-to-mouth fun that doesn't stop until Christian sprays both sluts' faces with semen. Finally, slutty brunette Penelope Tiger convinces chubby-cheeked sexpot Lili Tiger to fetch her a man to complete the perfect three-way. Black Brazilian stud Kid Jamaica takes over, brutally sodomizing both of them, face-fucking the aggressively wayward ladies and filling Penelope's mouth with cum. Whether he's directing or fucking, Rocco's girls do it for the love of slutting!

Rocco Siffredi's Slutty Girls Love Rocco 2 is a single-disc DVD with behind-the-scenes footage, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.