The Electric Prunes
Lost Dreams (2001)

Though they got considerable input from talented L.A. songwriters and producers, with their two big hits penned by outside sources, the Electric Prunes did by and large play the music on their records, their first lineup writing some respectable material of their own. On their initial group of recordings, they produced a few great psychedelic garage songs, especially the scintillating "I Had Too Much to Dream Last Night," which mixed distorted guitars and pop hooks with inventive, oscillating reverb. Songwriters Annette Tucker and Nancie Mantz wrote most of the Prunes' material, much of which in turn was crafted in the studio by Dave Hassinger, who had engineered some classic Rolling Stones sessions in the mid-'60s. "Too Much to Dream" was a big hit in 1967, and the psychedelized Bo Diddley follow-up, "Get Me to the World on Time," was just as good, and also a hit. Nothing else by the group made it big, and their initial pair of albums was quite erratic, although a few scattered tracks were nearly as good as those singles. Although they began to write more of their own material on their second album, their subsequent releases were apparently the products of personnel who had little to do with the original lineup. Their third LP, Mass in F Minor, was a quasi-religious concept album of psychedelic versions of prayers; a definitively excessive period piece, its best song ("Kyrie Eleison") was lifted for the Easy Rider soundtrack. None of the original Prunes were still in the lineup when the band dissolved, unnoticed, at the end of the '60s.

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

This 23 track CD is the definitive collection by these '60's psychedelic legends. Collecting the best tracks from the band's first two albums, ultra-rare singles, demos and a hilarious radio spot for Vox wah-wah pedals. This is the only release anyone will ever need by the Electric Prunes. All tracks are restored and remastered by 'Prunes leader James Lowe.

01.Shadows
02.Ain't It Hard
03.Little Oliver
04.I Had Too Much To Dream (Last Night)
05.I've Got A Way Of My Own
06.Luvin'
07.I Happen To Love You
08.Are You Lovin' Me More (But Enyoing It Less)
09.Hideaway
10.Try Me On For Size
11.The Great Banana Hoax
12.You Never Had It Better
13.Dr. Do-Good
14.Get Me To The World On Time
15.Captain Glory
16.World Of Darkness
17.Train For Tomorrow
18.Big City
19.Wind-Up Toys
20.It's Not Fair
21.Sold To The Highest Bidder
22.Everybody Knows You're Not In Love
23.Long Day's Flight


Cheers!