Fallout New Vegas: Old World Blues (c) Bethesda Softworks


    Release On   : 19 July 2011             Disk Amount/Format : 1 CD ISO
    Type of Game : FPS/RPG                  Media Protection   : Steam



Release Information:

   The residents of the Mojave have long assumed the trackless wastes of the
   "Big Empty" are a no-man's-land, a desolate stretch where no living thing
   can survive. In Old World Blues, you discover that it is anything but...

   After being transported to the Big MT research crater, you find you're the
   only hope of saving the Think Tank ľ the strange group of post-human
   researchers who inhabit the facility. They enlist your aid to save them
   from their own experiments - experiments that have gone horribly out of
   control. As you explore the huge stretch of the Big MT crater and its many
   underground labs, you'll confront strange mutated animals, battle
   terrifying new atomic robots, and discover a new home base to call your
   own. Recover all the weapons, armor, and tech of the Pre-War era and use
   them to help save all of Science!
   
Features:

   New Terrain: Explore the expanse of the "Big Empty" and its huge variety
   of research centers, arboretums, canyons, and scientific labs. Even
   better, find and upgrade your own home base, the Sink, within the Big
   Empty's central dome!
   
   New Enemies: Confront the surgically-altered Lobotomites, bizarre robot
   scorpions, the dead occupants of the Y-17 Trauma Harnesses as well as the
   terrifying disembodied brain, Dr. Mobius. Look out for other strange and
   terrifying creations of the Think Tank!
   
   New Perks and Weapons: Old World Blues increases the level cap by 5 and
   introduces a range of new weapons including the Sonic Emitter, K9000
   Cyberdog Gun, Proton Axe, and several varieties of Mad Scientist Gloves
   such as the Sterilizer Glove and Corrosive Fist. Youĺll also find new
   armors such as the Sneak Suit and Mad Scientist Scrubs to make your life
   in the Mojave easier. Look out for implants that can switch your body
   parts in and out for new effects and defenses to aid you in the Big Empty
   and the Mojave wasteland!



   Burn/mount, install, play!
   
   
Additional Note:
   
  
   This addon requires original Fallout New Vegas game + latest update!


Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO


                                                                     
                         " SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "