Hakin9 - May 2011
English | True PDF | 54 pages

* In brief
Armando Romeo and ID Theft Protect

* A Beginners Guide to Ethical Hacking – review
SHYAAM SUNDHAR

* Coranti – review
MICHAEL MUNT

* IPv6 Secure Transition Network Architecture
MICHEL BARBEAU
IPv6 has the capability to handle an astronomically large address space. IPv6 deployment, although, has been marginal and several less drastic solutions have been used to expand the address space of IPv4. The non-drastic solutions have reached the limit of what they are able to handle. The transition to IPv6 is imminent.

* On Cyber Investigations Case Study: A Targeted E-banking Fraud Part 1
ALISA SHEVCHENKO
As money migrates into the virtual world, the crime follows. This article presents a brief journey into the industry of cyber crime and the methodology of cyber investigation, disclosed through a real world case study.

* Cloud Computing Legal Framework and Privacy
REBECCA WYNN
The internet does not belong to one country or region. Therefore, international collaboration is a key area of focus and we need to continue to work with partners around the globe in support of our cybersecurity goals.
Howard A. Schmidt

* Cloud Security: Is the Sky Falling Already?
Is It Raining Cats and Dogs or Have We Found a Silver Lining in Cloud Computing?
GARY S. MILIEFSKY, FMDHS, CISSP®
Everyone seems to be jumping into the Cloud with both feet and many before they have realized that there may not be a silver lining with their public or private cloud.

* An analysis of the cloud security threat
JULIAN EVANS
The cloud is very much the talk of the IT media town these days. Client side computational resources are still in demand but IT vendors and businesses are looking to the cloud in the hope that third-party companies will manage the network infrastructure (including overload requirements whereby the company has to pay for additional hosting services) and data/network security.

* Experts on Cloud
Antivirus in the Cloud: fad or future?
by Malcolm Tuck, UK Managing Director, Kaspersky Lab
Cloud Computing Standards: The Great Debate
Justin Pirie, Director of Communities and Content for Mimecast
Cloud Security: Whose responsibility is it anyway?
by Rik Ferguson, Director of Security Research & Communications, Trend Micro EMEA