This is a Release of Yogi Bear (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.4GB
This Release Includes:
- Yogi Bear (2010) DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	- Jellystone Park Jewel Litter Bug
	- Jellystone Park Jewel Yogi's Secret Hiding Spot
	-Yogi Bear Mash Up
That’s the WHOLE Yogi Bear DVD RIPPED FOR YOU TO ENJOY!!!! It features ALL THE EXTRAS ON THE DVD plus the film so please seed! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: Yogi Bear is a 2010 American live-action film adaptation of the Hanna-Barbera cartoon series The Yogi Bear Show directed by Eric Brevig.[3] The film stars Dan Aykroyd, Justin Timberlake, Tom Cavanagh, Anna Faris, T. J. Miller, Nate Corddry, and Andrew Daly

CAST: 
Tom Cavanagh as Ranger Smith, the head ranger of Jellystone Park.
Anna Faris as Rachel, a nature documentary filmmaker, and Ranger Smith's love interest.
T. J. Miller as Ranger Jones, a park ranger who is tricked by Mayor Brown into getting Jellystone shut down making the excuse that Jones will be the head ranger of the park.[5][6][7][8][9][10]
Andrew Daly as Mayor Brown, a mayor who wants to shut Jellystone Park down so that he can make money for his city and become governor.
Nate Corddry as the Chief of Staff, Mayor Brown's assistant.
[Voices
Dan Aykroyd as Yogi Bear, the picnic basket-stealing talking bear who lives in Jellystone Park.
Justin Timberlake as Boo-Boo Bear, Yogi Bear's sidekick, and sometimes the voice of reason.
Josh Robert Thompson as Narrator.
Raymond Ochoa as Additional Voices
Will Shadley as Additional Voices

DETAILS:
Englsih
IMBD: tt1302067
77 Minutes

DVD Description
Everyone's favorite pic-a-nic basket stealing bear brings his meal-mooching ways to movies in this live-action/CG-animated adventure starring Dan Aykroyd as the voice of Jellystone Park's famed troublemaker Yogi Bear and Justin Timberlake as the voice of Yogi's faithful pal Boo Boo. Jellystone has been losing business, so conniving Mayor Brown has decided to shut it down and sell the land. Faced with the loss of his home, Yogi must prove he really is "smarter than the average bear" as he and Boo Boo join forces with Ranger Smith to find a way to save the park from closing forever. Anna Faris, Tom Cavanagh, T.J. Miller and Andrew Daly costar in this wonderful new incarnation of Hanna-Barbera's classic cartoon.
Please seed…cheer….vladtepes3176
