A consciousness-raising documentary about what happens when humans die, focusing on the scientific work of doctors Raymond Moody and Jeffrey Long, and near-death experiences. Through interviews with noted researchers and those who have suffered near-fatal incidents, a hypothesis on the existence of a true afterlife is offered.

What happens when we die?

This and other questions about the Afterlife are scientifically explored through modern research into near-death experiences.

Through interviews with noted researchers like Raymond Moody, MD, PhD, and Jeffrey Long, MD, this documentary explores the evidence of the afterlife using insightful interviews with researchers, emotional case studies, and crisply done re-creations.

"NDEs are spiritual events of staggering magnitude and complexity that have the power to change our attitudes toward death and life" says director Paul Perry. "There are reasons people are transformed when they return from a brush with death, one of which is the confidence they gain in knowing that a fresh new world awaits our last heartbeat. Another, especially for the physically ill, is the discovery that we leave our body behind and continue on as spirits free of earthy pain."

The information presented in this film confirms what scientists have secretly believed since the 1970s, when this field of near-death studies began: that these experiences prove there is a life after life.

Afterlife is a study about the great question, "What happens when we die?" Answers to this question are examined in a study of the near-death experience (NDE) and the inescapable conclusion is reached, that there is no need to fear death: There is an afterlife. This is a profound statement and this documentary DVD presents evidence which director Paul Perry and researchers Raymond Moody and Jeffrey Long believe will support this conclusion.

Beginning with Mr. Paul Perry's own NDE, "Afterlife" examines the phenomenon of near death experiences beginning with a sampling of the general public in a series of on-the-street interviews, that describe a wide range of beliefs, varying from heaven and hell, to beliefs of a nothingless-like void; like the switching off of a light and a stark emptiness and non-awareness that follows. This is, I believe, a good sample of US residents that show how very few of us have any proof to substantiate our beliefs and conclusions about the afterlife. Most of us have hunch or a feeling that we believe in, often coinciding with elements of the Christian faith.

Noted experts in the field, Dr. Raymond Moody (author of Life After Life: The Investigation of a Phenomenon--Survival of Bodily Death, andGlimpses of Eternity (Mind Body Spirit)) and Dr. Jeffrey long (Evidence of the Afterlife: The Science of Near-Death Experiences), are interviewed, and their work is reviewed regarding NDE and the conclusions that they have reached, based upon hundreds of case reviews. Dr. Long, for example, believes that his "Nine Lines of Evidence" clearly demonstrate survival of consciousness beyond the death of the physical body. Dr. Moody concludes that in his experience, learning to love is the message conveyed.

In this entertaining and informative DVD, six NDE cases are examined, and the experiencers are interviewed. Some of them describe the commonly talked about LIGHT at the end of the tunnel, a pure, beautiful, loving and healing light. All but one, felt a longing to stay in this light and did not want to return to their physical body.

What does this video documentary teach us about dying? By means of those who have almost died, it can be concluded that:

1.) There is no longer a fear of dying
2.) A transformational process occurs following the NDE, in which the meaning of life is questioned. Many go on to become of service to others.
3.) Being out of the physical body, they perceive themselves as having a spiritual or light body.
4.) A sense of heightened awareness is present during the NDE.
5.) A beautiful loving light is encountered.
6.) Reports of seeing deceased family members are common.
7.) Encounters with a spiritual beings are often described.
8.) The most important thing that we must do ,is to learn to love.

Along with Dr. Long, Dr. Moody, the "Father of near-death experiences," is prominently featured in this documentary. He first coined the term NDE in his 1976 book, Life After Life. His recent work involving Shared Death Experiences (nicely discussed in Glimpses of Eternity) describes the reports of bystanders who experience some of the key elements of the NDE that are happening to their departing loved one. This demonstrates that elements described in the NDE, are not simply hallucinations induced in a dying brain, but actual events during the death or near-death process. As a result of many years of research, he has come to realize that what we learn from NDE reports is that there is a power, and that power is LOVE. He believes when proof of life after death is revealed to humanity, it will lead to a wonderful expansion of our cognitive minds.
What is the conclusion of Afterlife?

There is no need to fear death. A world exists beyond this one, a dimension where we can continue our relationships with our departed loved ones and that perhaps at death, our life has just begun.