 http://www.telestream.net/screen-flow/

ScreenFlow is powerful, easy-to-use screencasting software for the Mac. With ScreenFlow you can record the contents of your entire monitor while also capturing your video camera, microphone and your computer audio. The easy-to-use editing interface lets you creatively edit your video, and add additional images, text, music and transitions for a truly professional-looking video. The finished result is a QuickTime or Windows Media movie, ready for publishing to your Web site or blog or directly to YouTube or Vimeo.Use ScreenFlow to create high-quality software demos, tutorials, app previews, training, presentations and more.
 
Feature Highlights
Record from your monitor, a video camera, microphone and computer\'s audio all at the same time
Full screen HD capture, optimized for the best, most efficient screen capture
Keynote and PowerPoint support
Intuitive editing interface allows you to add professional touches: 
◊ Full range of elegant 2D & 3D transitions 
◊ \'Callouts\' to blur and highlight areas on screen 
◊ \'Video Annotations\' to draw circles, squares, lines    and arrows 
◊ Elegant text and titles 
◊ Video actions to zoom, pan and add motion 
◊ Customizable cursors 
◊ Advanced audio controls 
◊ Clip speed changes, freeze frames 
◊ Use cursor keys to move video clips around the    canvas 
◊ Set exact position for an object by entering the    coordinates in the inspector 
◊ Full screen preview
Export using multiple preset settings
Customize and save your own export settings
Publish directly to YouTube or Vimeo, or export to an all-in-one Flash video presentation
Full integration with Elgato Turbo H.264 for speedier exports of your H.264 movies
Optimized to take advantage of productivity enhancements in Mac OS X Lion.
What\'s New in ScreenFlow 3
Freehand Callouts 
Call out regions of the screen with a freehand paint brush or rectangle tool. Blur out sensitive data or create a highlighted box to call out content on screen.
Video Annotations
Draw circles, squares, lines and arrows over your video content. Add movement and transitions to your annotations.
Timeline Enhancements 
Reorder, delete and resize the height of your tracks; group clips; insert gaps; select and remove gaps, and many more improvements make editing your screencast easy and intuitive.
Powerful Audio Quality Controls 
New audio filters offer greater control of the quality of audio clips. Remove background noise and smooth volume levels for better sound quality. View audio waveforms and clipped audio peaks to see the effects of volume changes instantaneously.
Export Settings Improvements 
New export settings include an iPad export preset and Publish to Vimeo option. Additionally, you can now create and save your own customized export settings.
OS X Lion-compatible features
Supports key new Lion capabilities such as Automatic Save, version control, overlay scrollbars and full screen viewing.