MCTS Self-Paced Training Kit (Exam 70-640): Configuring Windows Server 2008 Active Directory
MCTS Self-Paced Training Kit (Exam 70-642): Configuring Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure
MCTS Self-Paced Training Kit (Exam 70-643): Configuring Windows Server 2008 Applications Infrastructure
MCITP Self-Paced Training Kit (Exam 70-647): Windows Server Enterprise Administration

Description
About The BookYour all-in-one kit for four required exams.
Your all-in-one kit for the skills measured by the core exams for Microsoft Certified IT Professional: Enterprise Administrator certification—and on the job. Covering Exams 70-640, 70-642, 70-643, and 70-647, these four official Microsoft® study guides provide in-depth exam prep plus practice tests to help maximize your performance.

This kit comes packed with the tools and features that exam candidates want most—including self-paced training based on final exam content; rigorous, objective-by-objective review; exam tips from expert, exam-certified authors; and customizable testing options. It also provides labs and exercises for skills and expertise you can apply to the job.

Focusing on Windows Server 2008 enterprise administration, topics include configuring, managing, and supporting user accounts, computer accounts, groups, Domain Name System (DNS) zones and client settings, group policy objects, Active Directory Lightweight Directory Service, and Active Directory Rights Management Service; configuring remote access, Network Access Protection, Network Authentication, IPv4 and IPv6 addressing, and DNS Replication; working with Terminal Services, Web services infrastructure and security, Media Server, Windows SharePoint® Services server options, File Server, Print Services, network maintenance, and Simple Network Management Protocol; planning networks and application services; designing core identity and access management components; implementing PKI; and designing virtualization strategy.

You’ll work at your own pace through the lessons and hands-on exercises. Then assess yourself by using more than 1200 practice and review questions on the CD, which features multiple, customizable testing options. Choose timed or untimed testing mode, generate random tests, or focus on discrete objectives or chapters. You get detailed explanations for right and wrong answers—including pointers back to the book for further study. You also get an evaluation version of Windows Server 2008 Enterprise Edition and an exam discount voucher—making this kit an exceptional value and a great career investment.