Apartheid 1.0 LXDE i686.iso

Built on PCLinuxOS LXDE edition, Apartheid comes with Tor enabled and working out of the box, allowing you to surf the web anonymously and much safer than using a regular proxy. In addition to full multimedia support and custom artwork, it uses the lightweight LXDE desktop environment. This  makes it fast and well suited as a livecd OS for those who want to get speed out of their computers while preserving ease of use and keeping oppressive governments at bay.

Being based on PCLinuxOS, Apartheid is a rolling release. This means the OS is always changing and you will always get the latest applications without having to reinstall.

Md5sum: 8bb3ba5d6dbbc0f415ab59c1ad89c8a3  apartheid.iso

Login: guest 
Password: guest
Rootpassword: root

Alternate download: http://www.woofiles.com/dl-236217-GRAgNYz4-apartheid.iso (Please do not use it unless the torrent is dead!)

Why use it?
-Tor works out of the box!
-Rolling release (like Arch or Debian testing/sid) but still very easy to use
-A GUI for almost anything in the Control Center
-Multimedia preinstalled. No extra codecs needed to play mp3s or play movies.
-Light on resources. Makes it well suited for use as a livecd or on computers with low specs.
-Can be run from the cdrom or installed to the hard drive.
-Easy to back up your own system with mylivecd script or installing the OS to a memory stick.


Apartheid comes with just a few basic applications:


Software installed: 

bleachbit – System Cleaning Program
evince – PDF viewing Client
file-roller – Archiving Client
firefox- Web Browser (Chromium and Opera available from our software center)
flash-player-plugin – Flash Support
gimp – Graphic Drawing Program
gpicview – Graphic Viewing Program
gnomebaker – CD/DVD Burning Program
kernel-2.6.33.7-pclos6.bfs-1 – BFS kernel for maximum desktop performance
leafpad – Text Editor
lxdecc – LXDE Control Center
lxmusic - Music Player
liveusb – Put PCLinuxOS on USB key disk (New on LiveCD)
VLC- Video Player
nano – Console Text Editor
pcmanfm- File Manager
pidgin - Instant Messenger
screenie – Screenshot Program
searchmonkey - Desktop Search



12,000 additional programs available from Synaptic Software Manager after installation to your computer.


Hardware requirements

Processor:

Modern Intel or AMD processor.


Memory & storage:

RAM : 384 MB minimum, 1 GB recommended.
Hard disk : 3 GB minimum, 10 GB or more recommended if you plan to install additional software from our repository.



This only applies if you install Apartheid to your hard drive: 

Apartheid uses the PCLinuxOS repositories, so whatever applies to PCLinuxOS, applies to Apartheid. The following is very important

If you get a question like this, "Some packages could not be retrieved" - "Continue ignoring these programs ?", NEVER EVER answer Yes! If you get this message answer NO and then click APPLY again to restart the download.

You've downloaded the Apartheid Livecd, controlled the MD5sum, burned the image slowly and verified it with your burner 

All your hardware works, and you install.

Everything works sweetly and you want to keep it that way.

First, do a full update of the system. Open Synaptic, click Reload, Mark All Updates, Apply, Apply.

Wait for it to completely finish.

Now you can go to synaptic and install any applications that take your fancy.

Every few days open Synaptic, click Reload, Mark All Updates to see if there are any. If the Apply Tick remains inactive, there is none.

Only ever have ONE repository enabled. If the current repo is sluggish, uncheck that and choose another. Click Reload afterwards to get the correct package lists from that mirror.

Apartheid/PCLinuxOS is a 'meta' distro, or 'rolling release', that is, it is built in such a way that the user installs and then fully updates periodically over an indefinite period. (The last six years, users would have to reinstall only once.)

This means that a certain discipline is required of the user. It must adhere to program of fully updating from time to time and never installing outside packages in order to preserve the stability, thus reliability, of the system.


Have fun!
