Allen Toussaint
Life, Love And Faith


Label: Warner Reprise
Released: 1972
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 250 MB
Format: FLAC



As a musician, songwriter, arranger, and producer, Allen Toussaint has been a key figure in New Orleans music since the 1960s. His 1972 solo release, LIFE, LOVE AND FAITH (his Warner/Reprise debut), shows his talent in full flower. Toussaint blends all the best elements of New Orleans R&B (many of which he helped shape and refine), including swampy funk, second-line boogie, Professor Longhair-styled R&B, and touches of jazz. But Toussaint's far more than a sculptor of grooves: he is a singer-songwriter with a wide compositional palette that encompasses ballads, smooth soul, and psychedelia, as well as tasty jams. LIFE, LOVE AND FAITH is one of the finest from this Big Easy legend.

As a producer, bandleader, arranger, songwriter, session musician and all-around musical eminence, Allen Toussaint impacted the New Orleans music scene of the Sixties in much the same way that Dave Bartholomew had in the Fifties. Toussaint, in fact, apprenticed under Bartholomew at sessions for such legends as Fats Domino, so it was a seamless transition when the R&B baton passed between generations in New Orleans. Born and raised in the Crescent City, Toussaint left his stamp on the city’s contemporary R&B scene. His greatest contribution was in not allowing the city’s old-school R&B traditions to die out but by keeping pace with developments in the rapidly evolving worlds of soul and funk. In addition, he brought the New Orleans sound to the national stage, and it remains a vital and ongoing part of our musical heritage to this day.
Toussaint came into his own as a studio auteur for the Minit and Instant labels from 1960-63. He produced, arranged and sometimes wrote a string of classic sides for such New Orleans R&B artists as Lee Dorsey, Jessie Hill, Ernie K-Doe and Chris Kenner. Many listeners heard New Orleans-style piano for the first time via Toussaint’s playing on Ernie K-Doe’s #1 hit, “Mother-in-Law.” “Fortune Teller,” written pseudonymously by Toussaint and recorded by Jessie Hill, became a virtual standard among British Invasion bands. The early Rolling Stones and Who, among others, included it in their live repertoire.
As writer Ed Ward put it, “Toussaint was the main exponent of what the locals called the carnival sound-a raucous, polyrhythmic beat that was solid but complex, like a rhythm and blues rumba crossed with the second-line rhythms of Professor Longhair.” Toussaint’s run was interrupted by a stint in the army from 1963-65. Upon returning to New Orleans, Toussaint picked up where he left off, forming Sansu, a production company, with partner Marshall Sehorn. A string of soul/R&B singles from singer Lee Dorsey followed in 1965-66, including “Ride Your Pony,” “Working in the Coal Mine” and “Holy Cow.”
Toussaint also groomed a quartet of top-drawer New Orleans musicians known as the Meters. They served as the Sansu house band while releasing funky instrumentals under their own name. In 1973, Toussaint and Sehorn built their own Sea-Saint studio, which attracted local musicians like Dr. John ("Right Place Wrong Time") and the Neville Brothers, as well as established stars like Paul McCartney, Paul Simon and Robert Palmer. Labelle recorded their 1975 chart-topper “Lady Marmalade” at Sea-Saint with Toussaint. In addition to his endless resume of productions, various Toussaint-penned songs-published under his own name and the pseudonym Naomi Neville (his mother’s maiden name)-have been covered by such notables as the Rolling Stones, the Yardbirds, Bonnie Raitt, Boz Scaggs, Little Feat, Al Hirt, Herb Alpert and Glen Campbell.
It’s worth noting that although he was inducted in the “nonperformer” category, Toussaint is a talented pianist and performer who has recorded under his own name. His solo discography includes an instrumental album, The Wild Sound of New Orleans by Tousan, released in 1958. Two of his early instrumentals later became standards for other artists. “Java,” by Al Hirt, hit #4 in 1964, and “Whipped Cream” served as the title track of the third album by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass, which topped the album chart for eight weeks in 1965. Toussaint also cut a trio of sleek, contemporary R&B albums for Warner Bros. in the Seventies. His induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame came two days after his 60th birthday and two years after he launched a new label, NYNO.

1972's "Life, Love and Faith" was Toussaint's first album for Warner Reprise. While a soul record through and through, this effort from the multi-talented New Orleans native shares some of the singer/songwriter vibe of his contemporary labelmates, such as Randy Newman, Joni Mitchell, Lowell George and Little Feat. Stand out tracks include Soul Sister, Victims Of The Darkness and On Your Way Down.

All songs written by Allen Toussaint.

Recorded at Jazz City Recording Studio, New Orleans, Louisiana. 



Personnel

Allen Toussaint (acoustic guitar, harmonica, piano);
George Plummer, Vincent Toussaint, Leo Nocentelli (guitar); 
Gary Brown , Alvin Thomas (tenor saxophone); 
Red Tyler (baritone saxophone); 
Clyde Kerr (trumpet, French horn); 
Francis Rousselle (trumpet); 
George Porter, Jr., Walter Payton (bass instrument); 
Joseph Modeliste (drums); 
Squirrel , Alfred "Uganda" Roberts (congas). 


Track Listing

01 - Victims Of The Darkness      
02 - Am I Expecting Too Much 
03 - My Baby Is The Real Thing     
04 - Goin Down     
05 - She Once Belonged To Me     
06 - Out Of The City (Into Country Life)         
07 - Soul Sister     
08 - Fingers And Toes     
09 - I've Got To Convince Myself     
10 - On Your Way Down     
11 - Gone Too Far     
12 - Electricity 
