This is full of books for studying English as a Second Language (ESL).
I recommend NOT downloading the whole package, but selecting the books you desire as some books have two versions: A complete PDF (of higher quality, potentially for printing), and one that is OCRed (but not proofread, hence "UNEDITED"). 


*ESL Activities and Mini-Books for Young Children UNEDITED.pdf
	OCRed. Title says it all.
*ESL Azar Basic Complete.pdf
ESL Basic English Grammar Azar UNEDITED.pdf
	Both non-OCRed and OCRed. Great basic reference grammar book with exercises.
*ESL Developing Baseline Communication Skills UNEDITED.pdf
	OCRed:
	"Baseline Assessments are now mandatory for all children entering reception 
classes in state schools. The assessments look at the child's personal and social 
development, his language skills, and his readiness for reading and writing. A 
child may be graded from Level I to Level IV in any of the identified developmental 
or skill areas, with Level IV representing the point at which the child is deemed 
ready to embark on the formal education of Key Stage I. "
*ESL Fundamentals of English Grammar Azar Complete.pdf
ESL Fundamentals of English Grammar Azar UNEDITED.pdf
	Both non-OCRed and OCRed. Great more advanced greference rammar book with exercises.
*ESL Grammar Games Complete.pdf
ESL Grammar Games UNEDITED.pdf
	Both. Great activities presented well.
*ESL Learning Teaching Complete.pdf
ESL Learning Teaching UNEDITED.pdf
	Both. Great book on teaching theory.
*ESL Reading and Spelling Games etc Complete.pdf
ESL Reading and Spelling Games etc UNEDITED.pdf
	Both. Games puzzles and exercises.
*ESL Understanding and Using English Grammar Azar UNEDITED.pdf
	More advanced reference grammar (no exercises.)
*IELTS British Council UNEDITED.pdf
	Fantastic IELTS study guide complete with very useful suggestions for activities. Not full of example tests or trash like that (easy to find elsewhere but hard to know how to use well) but instead the skills you need to study for the test.
*New English Grammar Coursebook (Chinese) UNEDITED.pdf
	Chinese language grammar book. Perhaps more for studying Chinese terminology for english grammar? I wouldn't study english from this.
*Shenanigames Complete.pdf
Shenanigames UNEDITED.pdf
	Great games.
*TB Activites Database UNEDITED.doc
TB Activites Database.doc
TB Activites Database.pdf
TB Activities Database UNFINISHED.pdf
	Great activities a friend of mine made. Get the PDF for typo free version (others are NOT proofread).
俞敏洪红宝书《雅思词汇词根+联想记忆法》(第二版) UNEDITED.pdf
	IELTS vocabulary. More vocabulary doesn't hurt, but don't use this as your only study guide.


I will not be able to seed forever (only for the next month or so and periodically afterwards) as I will soon have no more internet, so if you like things here please seed.