1986-a royal flush

Trotters Independent Trading Company comes face to face with the creme-de-la-menthe of British nobility...

Del decides a visit to the opera is the perfect opportunity for Rodders to impress his new 'friend', the daughter of the Duke of Maylebury. However, munching a packet of crisps through the duet and whistling along to the aria, is more Peckham Astoria than Covent Garden. When Rodney is then invited on a shooting weekend, he hardly needs Del to arrive, enter the clay pigeon shoot with a borrowed sawn-off shotgun, and confide in the Duke that he plans to announce the engagement of the Duke's daughter and his brother in "Country Life, The Times and the Peckham Echo".


1987-the frogs legacy

the frogs legacy

Despite Rodders undertaking a dead impressive new job, life for the trotters is far from Kushti. Del's state-of-the-ark computers are going down about as well as bacon sandwiches at a bar mitzvah, while at the market, Uncle Albert's unconvincing performances of lumbago recovery have left the flat knee-deep in x-ray massage gizmos.

Still, things can only get better... At Trigger's niece's nuptials ("only a hyphen or two away from a society wedding") they encounter an old friend of the family - Trigg's Aunt Renee. What she tells Del and Rodney about their mum's old pal 'Freddie the Frog' leaves the boys desperate to know more. Rodders is eager to discover why this charming villian left all his ill-gotten gains to the Trotters and how come everyone notes his resemblance to his mum's 'friend'. Del Boy is more interested in what happened to the Frog's Legacy - a hoard of undiscovered gold bullion. Are they, at last, about to be millionaires?

1988-dates

dates.....

It's been a good month for Trotter's Independent Trading Company. The unprecedented demand for ladies razors has meant Del and Rodney can escape the daily struggle for a while and enjoy life's rewards. Uncle Albert's unmissable hints about his forthcoming birthday means there's a celebration on the cards and the new computer dating agency means romance is in the air.

While Rodney's afternoon cruise in the three - wheeler with Nervous Neris proves memorable for all the wrong reasons, Del's date as tycoon, Derek Duvale, has more success in finding himself 'a local bird that won't need too much driving.' His ambitions to meet a girl who's refined enough to tell the difference between a bottle of Liebfraumilch and a bottle of Tizer seem to have been met by Raquel, who's 'not a bird, she's an actress'. And it's not long before their lunch at the Hilton leads to things getting more serious.

It looks like everything's working out jubbily until Albert's birthday knees-up is called to a halt by a couple in naval uniform...



1989-the jolly boys outing

jolly boys outing

The unforgettable special feature length Christmas cracker from 1989 in which Del meets Raquel again and Rodney jumps to disastrous conclusions with Cassandra. It's a typically tearaway Trotter's treat - an extra large helping of luvvly jubbly...

Del is organising the annual beano to Margate, the traditional Jolly Boys' Outing. But Rodney and Cassandra have just celebrated their first wedding anniversary and she's worried about him going out with the boys - especially as she's angling for promotion with her yuppie boss. When Rodders is arrested and the whole party is stranded by a very nasty accident, her worst fears are realised.

But there's more to Margate than chips, cockles, ice-cream, doughnuts, Pina Colada and lobster vindaloo. There's magician The Great Ramondo and his assistant Raquel. All right Del, but back home Cassandra's ambitions appear to have got out of hand...
