VMWare ThinApp 4.6.2.467908 Portable

VMWare ThinApp - a package that is a competitor of Microsoft and Citrix, designed for virtualization applications. Simply put, with the help of this tool you can from the usual applications to easily make a portable (portable) version. The approach allows the «package» application in a container that contains all the information you need to work on any computer without the need to install the desired application.

Thus, importantly, virtualized software in no way affects and does not alter the current state of the operating system. The very same idea is to prevent software conflicts that can disrupt the system and installed it on. The usefulness is obvious: developers, for example, may carry out tests of new products without risk to violate the stability of the system environment. The approach will reduce the cost of deploying applications on the computers of end users. ThinApp allows you to run multiple versions of the same program. Thus, the simultaneous use of Internet Explorer 6 and 7 should be useful in the process of testing sites.

resulting in an application virtualization becoming available to end users on a network or using flash cards. This program is very good distributes applications, so no longer need to conduct extensive regression tests to check conflicts with other applications (or previous versions of this product). Along with competing products (for example, the beta Microsoft Application Virtualization 4.5 and Altiris Software Virtualization Solution) Program VMware ThinApp significantly different from the traditional tools for packaging applications because it can download an application package in a special section created in the system end user, so that the application will be done without crossing with other software that may already be installed.

Previously, there was a significant flaw: virtualized applications have been denied the opportunity to share data among themselves, since each of them performed in a single «sandbox». If the user while working with virtualized Microsoft Word tries to open Internet-link, a text editor can not turn to the browser. In ThinApp 4 has a new function is Application Link, which in the process of preparing the container, you can create the necessary links between virtualized applications. In the future, perhaps association of ThinApp with Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, the proposed use is located on a remote server system and application environment. Analysts suggest that by 2010 virtualization applications will be due the introduction of a large business - an approach will be adopted by 50% of the companies.

Detection of conflicts when you install applications via virtualization
Application Virtualization applications distanced itself from the operating system and from each other, thus reducing the cost of testing, and minimizing conflicts incorrect applications. Just vstroyte file. MSI or. EXE for the introduction of a virtual environment system, including registry keys, DLL, and the structure of third-party libraries without requiring the installation of agents or applications to the appropriate operating system.

The only archiving and implementation at any point (Network, USB, physical and virtual desktops)
Implement virtualized applications in user mode, without administrative rights. No need to install device drivers and edit the registry, because the program and its virtual OS are considered as a single EXE. Behind distribute large applications from a network drive shared without the client or server software. Keep or return back applications even while they work. The new version will be launched at next use.

Using Mobile Devices
Users will be able to run applications on virtually any computer to which they have access, including personal computers in the kiosks and hotels. You do not need to install software or drivers, and do not need administrator rights. Applications run directly from removable storage devices including flash drives.

Improving the process of distribution
Protecting the local operating system to changes that may lead to unstable or create security holes, using the existing tools settings. Even users with restricted records can safely run virtual applications without the need for local installation, which makes the product more attractive to the IT-staff, concerns about security.

Easy migration of operating systems and applications
Virtualization of applications without the agent ThinApp makes it easier to migrate operating systems, allowing applications to run together on the same operating system. Users can continue to operate as usual without interruption of the problematic applications. Moreover, if an application need to be removed from the final node - it will look like a simple file deletion without the need for «clean» registry.

Home page - http://www.vmware.com/

INSTALL NOTES:                                               |
       |                                                               |
       |  Use the included keymaker to register ...                    |
       |  




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                     
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                    
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	