Martin Stääf (born 13 November 1978), aka Liquid Stranger, is a Swedish-born electronic musician, described by Generation Bass as ”the epitome of Transnational Dubstep covering everything from Latin, Asian, Eastern European and Jamaican Dancehall dubs.” Martin Stääf is known for his experimental approach to composition where he merges genres to create a unique style of music. Martin Woods of Chillbase describes Liquid Stranger's music as a “unique blend of Ambience, Big Band Jazz, Dubstep and Psychedelica drizzled over electronic Dub Reggae grooves.

The Liquid Stranger Project: 2003–2009

Martin Stääf launched the Liquid Stranger project in 2003. His intention was to have one alias that would encompass all his musical output. Consequently, he has produced a wide variety of music under the name Liquid Stranger. At first, Stääf's plan was to keep his identity a secret. He never did interviews or showed his face on stage. Stääf states: ”After a while it became quite tricky. in fact, Interchill finally ruined this idea by writing my name on the record sleeves.” Liquid Stranger's creative output ranges from suggestive Ambient soundscapes to movie scores, pop, dub, infernalia, drill n bass, and electronica.

The first release under the name Liquid Stranger was the song Environmental Meltdown, featured on the compilation Global Psychedelic Chill Out - Compilation Vol. 4 by Spirit Zone Recordings.

When asked in an interview why he moved away from the trance scene, Stääf replied: ”I never really switched per se, I have always made tons of different types of music. During the time I toured with Necton, I produced various stuff like Ambient, Electro and Drill n bass. What excites me is the fusing of genres. I have no fixed style that I stay with too long, I do not like boundaries.”

Liquid Stranger – The Arcane Terrain Album

Tracklist:

01. The Molecule Man
02. Bombaclaad Star
03. Rise feat. KRS ONE, A.P.O.S.T.L.E. & Stero-Lion (Liquid Stranger and Heavyweight Dub
Champion)
04. Babylon Beast feat. A.P.O.S.T.L.E., Killah Priest & Stero-Lion (Liquid Stranger and Heavyweight Dub Champion)
05. Steam
06. Timeless feat. MC Zulu
07. Totem
08. Laguna
09. The Squid Strander
10. Vigilante feat. MC Zulu
11. Zero Gravity
12. Overlord
13. Unfold feat. Razza



