Please help seed!

Instructions:
-------------------
1. Download.
2. Extract.
3. Copy extracted folders to your WoW/Interface/AddOns folder.
   - Both Horde and Alliance folders are included, if you don\'t play both, don\'t worry, WoW will only load the appropriate guide.
4. Launch WoW.
5. Once you are logged in and at your character screen, click the AddOns button and make sure that ZygorGuidesViewer and ZygorTalentAdvisor are checked.
6. Launch the game and enjoy.

Bug Fixes:
-------------------
December 8th, 2011

Alliance Guides Change Log:
All Darkmoon Faire Quests and Dailies complete
All Darkmoon Faire Achievements Complete

Leveling
Updated the Swamp of Sorrow coordinates for Lord Itharius.
Removed the quest "Just Checkin" from the guide. Seems to be obsolete and its replacement requires players to go inside Gundrak.
Guide now has users pick up quest "Test Flight: Razaan's Landing" from Tally Zapnabber instead of "Rally".

Achievements
Fixed some labels that were causing issues in the "To All The Squirrels" section
Added tip to food and water achievement.

Professions
- Changed the crafting procedure for getting to 75 in the Engineering guide since Copper Tube's were taken out of the game. Increased the amount of materials needed.
- Skinning guide now has players get to skill level 120 before moving on to a new area.

Horde Guides Change Log:
All Darkmoon Faire Quests and Dailies complete
All Darkmoon Faire Achievements Complete

Leveling
Updated the Swamp of Sorrow coordinates for Lord Itharius.
Removed the quest "Just Checkin" from the guide. Seems to be obsolete and its replacement requires players to go inside Gundrak.

Achievements
Added tip to food and water achievement.

Pets and Mounts
Fixed typo in the label "R_PreQuest"

Professions
- Changed the crafting procedure for getting to 75 in the Engineering guide since Copper Tube's were taken out of the game. Increased the amount of materials needed.
- Skinning guide now has players get to skill level 120 before moving on to a new area.

Guides Viewer Change Log:
General Viewer
Added Archaeology to Profession.lua file. Was causing a localization issue on German clients.

Talent Advisor Change Log:
* Talent Advisor no longer is sometimes confused on the amounts of pet talents and no longer suggests to learn what the pet has already learned
* Talent advisor now tries not to suggest glyphs available on higher levels

Other changes:
* Clockwerk arrow behaviour corrected with multifloor maps
* Fixed old syntax in Worgen guides which lead the waypoints to be incorrectly parsed.
* Carbonite clear distance on waypath restored to normal
 
Zygor Guides Info:
-------------------
The Cataclysm is upon us! Level from 1-85 now with the fastest, most feature rich guide in the world.

    Completely Redesigned Minimalist User Interface. Switch Between Full or Mini View Modes, the choice is yours
    4 Full 1-60 Guides For Kalimdor & Eastern Kingdoms. 40 Zones Covered, 12 More Than Competing Guides
    2 Full 60-70 Guides For Outland and Northrend
    5 Full 80-85 Guides For All Cataclysm Zones
    Goblin and Worgen Starter Guides Included
    In-Game Talent Build Advisor For All Skill Trees
    Built In Waypoint Arrow, No TomTom Or Other Addons Needed
    NEW! Loremaster Achievement Guide
    All Dailies Covered for both Cataclysm and Wrath of the Lich King.
    Covers all Prerequisites Required To Unlock Dailies including full zone guides for Uldum and Deepholm.
    Speed Gold Runs Make You Over 300 Gold In Just An Hour
    Includes All 10 Seasonal Events Needed For The What A Long, Strange Trip It\'s Been Achievement
    Get Your Crusader Title And Earn Epic & Heirloom Items