Overthrow - America's Century of Regime Change from Hawaii to Iraq
By Stephen Kinzer


Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps


A fast-paced narrative history of the coups, revolutions, and invasions by which the United States has toppled fourteen foreign governments--not always to its own benefit. 

'Regime change' did not begin with the administration of George W. Bush, but has been an integral part of U.S. foreign policy for more than one hundred years. Starting with the overthrow of the Hawaiian monarchy in 1893 and continuing through the Spanish-American War and the Cold War and into our own time, the United States has not hesitated to overthrow governments that stood in the way of its political and economic goals. The invasion of Iraq in 2003 is the latest, though perhaps not the last, example of the dangers inherent in these operations.

In Overthrow, Stephen Kinzer tells the stories of the audacious politicians, spies, military commanders, and business executives who took it upon themselves to depose monarchs, presidents, and prime ministers. He also shows that the U.S. government has often pursued these operations without understanding the countries involved; as a result, many of them have had disastrous long-term consequences.

In a compelling and provocative history that takes readers to fourteen countries, including Cuba, Iran, South Vietnam, Chile, and Iraq, Kinzer surveys modern American history from a new and often surprising perspective.


Running time: 15:08:47


Chapter 1  A Hell of a Time Up at the Palace
Chapter 2  Bound for Goo-Goo Land
Chapter 3  From a Whorehouse to a White House
Chapter 4  A Break in the History of the World
Chapter 5  Despotism and Godless Terrorism
Chapter 6  Get Rid of This Stinker
Chapter 7  Not the Preferred Way to Commit Suicide
Chapter 8  We're Going to Smash Him
Chapter 9  A Graveyard Smell
Chapter 10 Our Days of Weakness Are Over
Chapter 11 You're No Good
Chapter 12 They Will Have Flies Walking Across Their Eyeballs
Chapter 13 Thunder Run
Chapter 14 Catastrophic Success