Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:  
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:            
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:            
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:            
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and five photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?yy36gns3rwsuqd02m53n1rjae3df  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vngzbg4q5lrglj8wnpqfiuoisqv   both faces 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cqspw6948toytzp1o13psdggan5   sara face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6yz1kezvu2lznce9vm4hauxtolbf  rilee face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ai07oud7t7te7r8o1jvaobdw2icf  both full body 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sc7ux3vngjf3u657txyqaw3f6kj   both cupping breasts

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Rilee's Comments: I think Sara just needs a little more self-confidence. She loves hanging out with me all the time, but sometimes I just want my boyfriend time. She needs a boyfriend badly. Anyone of you guys up for the challenge? j/k! :P I'd die to have her legs and butt and she's a very sexy girl. I think good guys would love her a lot more if she had the confidence. Like my guy is great, he's very sweet and loving to me. Maybe he isn't a supermodel but that doesn't matter to me. That's another thing, she needs a guy who can wake that romantic side of her up and she'll have a lot more fun in bed. She'd have even more fun with me if she opens up a little. So my idea was to get her to do this shoot and maybe break that sexual barrier. Funny how nobody but us two know that we're shooting porn for this site. Our guy friends and family doesn't know (including my boyfriend :&lt;&gt;) I soo wanted to see her orgasm with the vibrator but she still holds back. One day I'll have to break her. I had no problem getting there myself but I need to have two toys. Well when the work was done we went to the pool and just had fun :)) The photographer kept shooting but we were distracted with each other. The pool felt real nice too. I mean, we both got up real early to come do this shoot and it was time to relax! Now if I can only get her to do her own shoot for the site without me having to hold her hand :P

Sara's Comments: i look so tall next to her! we're both short girls but i think my skinny body and long legs make me look a lot taller in pics. people always think im at least 5'8 in my modeling pics. i've never done any naked photos but ive done shots in bikinis and sexy bras with skirts and stuff. guys who take photos of me always ask me to take all my clothes off but no wayy josee. i only did this shoot because rilee said it was cool and she was with me the whole time doing it and the pay is nice too. the clothes we're wearing here are both of ours since we share everything. the heels fit good for both of us but we don't like wearing heels except for modeling. i do a lot more modeling than she does but i'm also a year older than her. you know ive never really used toys before and that vibrator tickled and made me laugh a lot until she used it properly on me and it felt better. its like little shocks of pleasure that go to my shoulders and my arms and down to my toes. but i think that rilee has a much better time of it since she's the sexual one. i have the nicer butt and i look great in jeans or just a bikini. well thanks for your time and i think its my turn to come and do a shoot by myself like rilee did.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  I love girls in dresses & heels, and I told them to bring some with them.  Its funny to see that these two can interchange clothes, both the dresses and heels they tried on in different combinations, with Sara ending up with the blue, Rilee in the white.  Though they almost look too young for the classy/sexy, its so hot just watching them there going down on each other and making out.  With Sara's long legs the heels only make her sexier.  We haven't seen them orgasm yet, so with the help of vibrators I had them mutually masturbate each other.  Sara was a bit timid about it, but once she took the vibrations sexually, she had a nice, natural orgasm.  Rilee needs two vibrators to masturbate, so she penetrated herself while the clit vibrator brought her to orgasm.  I tried to get them to do a little bit of foot fetish, but kissing each others' feet was too much for them.  They were getting tired from the day, so what better than to shoot them on the bed.  Some sensual photos led to sexy butt action.  Having each girl kiss and massage the others' butt, then spread and pull on their labia.  Pillow fights seem to be their thing, so let them continue... Of course they were hungry again, so we went for ice cream, and I let them make out over there.  Too public for finger play, we went home for more video.   Then they absolutely demanded that they go to the pool, so with their bikinis on, I got some good photo & video of them being the girlfriends that they are.  Both First Time Video Girls, and both only here on FTV :)


Rilee's Comments: Heyyy I'm back for more fun :-) I told you about my boo and that I'd get her to do it with me! The photographer was sure excited about us getting together and he says that I've been very popular with the guys on the site. No I haven't done any nude shoots with anyone else yet so you'd better enjoy this Rilee special! My boo is my biggest sweetheart from high school. We met in 9th grade. When I first saw her she was just as tall but I was shorter, and I always thought she was stuck up. But it was at a gym thing where we were forced to sit together and we just clicked :} We weren't doing things like kissing and having sex with each other back then, that started about a year ago. I'm not supposed to write it as if nobody does it but we were drinking at a party and started kissing and one thing led to the next. I think that's how the photographer wanted to set our shoot up, and we were kissing and playing at the mall. I don't care if people see so it was fine for me. Then the photographer gave us the small camera to play with but sorry I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to turn the camera sideways :-&lt; I thought its just like when you take photos and its the right way up.

Sara's Comments: Best Friends For Life! I love rilee very much even though that isnt her real name (to protect the innocent!). my name isn't sara either but we decided to take these names because they happen to be girls names that we dont like. not that they would know if ever, because if our high school enemies found out they would be all over it on myspace & facebook. I do modeling and its fun, and rilee got me to take the plunge and try the nude stuff once and for all. Im the good girl, shes the bad girl so she makes me do things that I shouldnt! My mom things shes the sweetest and I think so too but she doesn't know the truth! I'm not as sexual as she is, she's always banging her boyfriend or masturbating or something and I never get a good guy. the one guy I had as a boyfriend didnt ever satisfy me and sex wasnt fun. but guess what, I have more fun fooling around with rilee than i have with my ex! not like we're lesbians or anything, just sexual only with each other. she smells good and shes always clean unlike guys who aren't. we're roomies sometimes and we're shopping sweets and we fit in each others clothes. even our heels fit the same! i love kissing her she has the most beautiful face and i love her smile. im jealous of her smile and i hope one day my braces will fix my teeth to look like hers. oral sex i like because i like seeing her get turned on. i also like it when i push my finger into her and feel all the soft parts inside her like some nice smelling warm pillows. sometimes i wish i was a guy so i could feel what it would be like to be inside her and cum into her. its wierd to think that my brother is her boyfriend and is doing what i dream about.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  When Rilee showed me pictures of her roomate - girlfriendforlife - bestfriend - etc... #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7 #8 there was enough pictures there that told me that these two are longtime best friends.  Her friend, Sara, was too nervous to do this shoot alone, so Rilee wanted to come with her.  When she said that they would do more than just 'kiss n stuff', I thought, this would be the perfect girl-girl update we haven't seen in a while.  Like I've said before, I'd rather have to real life girlfriends shoot for FTV in girl-girl, which is usually the case, than two pair two popular girls cold.  And as you see in this shoot, they have a lot of chemistry here.  Sara sent a few of her own pics, #1 #2 and #3 which made me have to bring her down for sure!  To start, I let them wear exactly what they arrived in, and where better to shoot but at a mall where girls just like them hang out.  I let them play a bit, and them kiss the way they like to.  Notice the guy on his cell phone, who wouldn't leave haha.  The girls then videotaped each other at the department store, and in the changeroom, though I'd say I wish they hadn't rotated the camera horizontally like that!   Girls like these with the petite body types always look good in those tight fitting lower-cut jeans, so I got a lot of topless photo & video of them that way (quite a common member request).  On the bed in the pink room, I told them to do exactly what they normally do if they want to get a little more sexual with each other.  Definitely 'light' lesbianism, but as real as it gets with bi-curious teen girlfriends.  After the interview I let them play some more... By the way, I think Rilee looks cuter with her hair straight (vs her solo shoot in curly 2 months ago).