 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51TQFHtmEYL.jpg


Home Massage: Transforming Family Life through the Healing Power of Touch 


Publisher: Findhorn Press
Chuck Fata, Suzette Hodnett
November 2, 2011
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1844095592
ISBN-13: 978-1844095599
192 Pages
PDF 
15.2 MB


Focusing on its therapeutic properties and capacity to enhance health and intimacy in all relationships, this book demystifies the medium of massage and makes it accessible for everyone in the family. Designed for the nonprofessional with simple step-by-step instructions, it teaches the three principles that make learning massage easy and fun. Also included are ideas for bringing home massage into daily life and how to use these principles to share massage with infants, children, adolescents, spouses, and the elderly. By emphasizing the innate healing power of touch to reduce stress and improve the immune system, this practical manual provides the tools for achieving health, relaxation, and connection with loved ones.

Review
"This book is well-crafted, practical, creative, innovative, and accessible. Highly recommended for all those who value the role of touch and intimacy in their lives." —Mariana Caplan, PhD., author, To Touch is to Live and Eyes Wide Open: Cultivation Discernment on the Spiritual Path

"The book covers everything from creating a safe environment to a full massage routine with basic strokes. Written for beginners, it's guaranteed to enhance your family life, as you discover the joy and happiness of healing touch." —Thomas Nani, founder, Earthlite Massage Tables

"Healthy touch in the home is a vital component of creating harmony and happiness. We all need touch . . . the book's focus on relationship, stress relief, body image and non-sexual touch provides an important stepping stone on the path to peace." —Joseph D. Doyle, president and CEO of The Doyle Group, publisher of Massage and Chiropractic Economics magazines

"This beautiful, comprehensive guide to massage is a gift for our families and loved ones, in teaching each of us how to support one another through the healing power of touch. . . . A gem to be shared with friends, family and generations." —Tara Grodjesk, president and founder, Tara Spa Therapy

"Lovely and well-written. The authors did a wonderful job in covering the topic of massage for everyone and demonstrating how easy it is to put the power of touch in every household. Children to grandparents will love this book." —Lynda Solien-Wolfe LMT, NCTMB, Vice-Chair of the Florida Board of Massage Therapy, President of the Solwolfe Resource Group, Inc.

"In Home Massage there are clear ways to have families experience the positive effect of touch which can better prepare them to meet the demands of school. . . . We can't lose sight of this aspect of being human." —Dr. Laura McGaughey, retired educator and former superintendent

[/color][/quote][/b]

[img]http://torrent-stats.info/022c/39d6c20.png[/img]