This popular DVD playback and Blu-ray 3D. player software delivers a high-intensity, immersive home theater experience. Play Blu-ray 3D., AVCHD. and all popular formats with high-definition precision and exhilarating surround sound. Plus, WinDVD 11 (Pro and Standard) uniquely includes a premium online movie search engine that finds your favorite movies at the lowest price from popular websites. Bring Hollywood home with WinDVD Pro 11!
 
Welcome to the future of video playback! Corel® WinDVD® Pro 11 is an advanced 2D and Blu-ray 3D™ player software that supports Blu-ray 3D™, AVCHD™, DVD playback and all the latest video formats. With over 250 million copies sold, WinDVD is one of the world's most recognized products. The Pro version is stacked with features such as an integrated online movie search engine, 3D viewing technology, 2D to 3D conversion, HD upscaling, superior sound and more!
 
The Standard version delivers all the basics you need for DVD playback.
 
New features exclusive to WinDVD® Pro 11
 
New Blu-ray 3D™ player support
 Now get even more out of your 3D DVD playback experience. This latest Blu-ray 3D™ player has new 3D support that includes Blu-ray 3D™ and BDXL™ formats, accommodates side-by-side playback, and lets you watch 3D video files from any Fujifilm® 3D camera or new 3D camcorder. Play high-definition Blu-ray™ and Blu-ray 3D™ movies with stunning 1080p sharpness and next-generation surround sound.
 
Enhanced 3D playback with new 3D glasses.
 Experience 3D your way! With leading 3D technologies such as Frame Sequential and Polarization 3D playback, plus support for NVIDIA® 3D Vision™ Shutter Glasses and XpanD™ Polarized Glasses, you have many different ways to watch 3D movies. The box version includes a free pair of Anaglyph glasses.
 
New 2D to 3D conversion
 Convert and enjoy 2D movies in full 3D definition for the most lifelike viewing experience! This Blu-ray™ player software now supports 2D to 3D conversion for DVD-Video, and standard and HD video files.
 
Enhanced interface (best in industry!)
 Enjoy an easy-to-use, feature-rich interface that serves up all the controls you need in a simple menu. This latest version makes it easier for you to optimize your experience with new controls, which include new Playlist tools.
 
New file support
 Take advantage of new file support for FLV, MKV and MP4, increasing the extensive format support already available.
 
DVD playback enhancements
 Enhance your video quality with new anti-shake and frame rate upconversion features, plus enjoy enhanced picture upscaling and saturation adjustment. We've also introduced new playlists for continuous movie playback. 

Enhanced performance
 When it comes to video, faster is better. Thanks to optimization for new CPUs and GPUs from NVIDIA®, Intel® and AMD, this latest version of Corel's popular DVD playback and Blu-ray™ player software is faster than ever before. Plus, extended power-saving capabilities for Microsoft® Windows® 7 and Windows Vista® laptops give you more life from your laptop.
 