Product Description 
If you’re one of the millions of users joining Twitter to connect to friends, family, and interest groups; or to follow the conversation and find out what’s happening beyond your doorstep, then this full color, 288 page book is for you. Coverage on how to establish a Twitter account, tweet from mobile devices, search for people and interests, and add Twitter to your blog is approached in a user-friendly manner. You can apply the tips and tricks found in this book and discover why Twitter is so hot. Social networking is expanding and becoming more and more integrated into people’s daily lives; this book explores all the features of Twitter so that you can join the conversation and discover what all the buzz is about. 

From the Back Cover 

join_the_buzz! Create your free Twitter account and keep up with family, friends, business contacts, and issues that interest you — in real time. 
find_friends Search for people you know, see if any of your contacts have Twitter accounts, invite friends to join, and then follow their tweets. 

start_Twittering Post updates online or use your mobile phone. Send replies and direct messages to your friends, and save your favorite tweets. 

find_stuff with basic and advanced word searches or search by locations, dates, or URLs, then monitor search results with RSS or tweet them to others. 

share_your_feed by putting an app on FaceBook, displaying Twitter updates on your Blogger site, or, adding a Twitter widget to your Web site or MySpace® page. 

extend_Twitter with third-party tools for managing, tracking, and Twitter clients; gadgets and widgets; and Twitter Web sites 

tweet_on! Share photos and videos; schedule tweets; follow Twitter trends; create a Twitter poll; do group tweets, and more! 

paul_mcfedries is the author of sixty books which have sold more than three million copies worldwide. Follow him on Twitter @Wordspy 
 RELEASE NAME....: Wiley.Twitter.Tips.Tricks.And.Tweets.May.2009.eBook-ELOHiM 
RELEASE DATE....: Today 
FORMAT..........: PDF 
LANGUAGE........: English 