Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:  
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:   
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:  
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?c9o3tn3r6yo694nzq80pltd5uk0y  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?h39tawv4jxvpviu3mh2boa04ddx   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6rbus6eqoqgq2h9wqhty1jxqvrn   breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cjvh07a1cor1e7qgnzfjoxclyvin  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zangm0jqet9q4ua0jqb9d4bgaa    vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vfatnfqtu0dsy0giu8ne8wz140l   ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xoi0692kwfwggurj0h0zi3gbhx2y  vid 1 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cfsz4vrgw72swalu4exqfm7elie   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?trern46nyal5arw03dq7sp12yw1y  vid 2 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?p07rn4x7up26y663rkylszwm9k    vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: I'm normally a very eloquent and entertaining writer, but when i have to write about myself all bets are off. I get writers block and keep deleting and retyping every sentence because i just don't like the way it sounds. So bear with me here, I'll try to make this good. I was born and raised in Berkeley, CA. I went to catholic school and had a very happy childhood. Things started to get interesting in highschool, when i became obsessed with sex, nudity, and masturbation. Nothing really happened to spark this new fascination, it was all a part of my maturing personality. I was growing up to be a pervette, and everyone knew it. So it came as no surprise that shortly after my 18th birthday I became deeply involved with the adult industry. The good things is that i totally LOVE it! I truly believe that sex and sexuality are vital to a happy lifestyle. I masturbate and/or have sex at least twice a day, to keep the doctor away. Sexual repression is not healthy! A powerful vibrator and a realistic dildo (or a real dick!) usually does the trick for me, but sometimes i like to use nipple clamps. My puffy nipples are very sensitive and can be like a second g-spot, depending on how kinky of a mood im in. Which brings me to my next point, bondage. Im not super hard core with it (yet) but I like to tie up my partner and tease him until his balls are blue. Then i tease him some more. I also like spanking, CBT, and sensory deprivation. I truly love the adult industry and hope that i can take my place in it to the nest level. No need to worry about my future, i am not foolish enough to think that i can keep doing this forever, which is why in the "real-world" I am a student at UC Berkeley, majoring in anthropology. I am also quite the intellectual, i read a ton. You wont see me buying designer purses and shoes, I'd rather blow my money on books and old vinyls (i do actually own a record player). I was born about 50 years too late, and am severely disappointed in my own generation. Our lack of basic intelligence and especially our music (if you could call it that) is appalling. Some of my favorite artists are Jefferson Airplane, Jimmy Hendrix, Grateful Dead, and Janis Joplin. My hobbies are hula-hooping, hiking, painting, drawing, and camping. I actually know how to make fire with sticks! When i go camping I really rough it. No stupid RV or campsite with a cable hook-up. Just the great outdoors, the way nature intended. So why should you get to know me? I have excellent taste in music and impeccable manners. i love to have deep, philosophical conversations and get into heated political debates, but I am also fine with just getting down and dirty ;)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  I got an email a while back from Nadine, with the following pictures:  #1 #2 #3 #4.  No doubt, she looks very young, so I asked for her ID's by email right away.  She was very enthusiastic on the phone, and had quite obsessively seen most of the tour videos on every coverpage of the FTV tour.  So she knew what she was capable of shooting -- and she did not disappoint.  Quite an exhibitionist, she would have probably done even more risky stuff, but with christmas shopping and 10x the security around this time of year, that would be near-fatal haha.  We got a way with a lot, her flashing, upskirt (at the time I didn't know she wasn't wearing any panties) and catching someone random sitting behind her off guard.  That was the first night, and next morning the main shoot begins.  It happened to be a rather cold, and overcast day, which put a downer on the exposure/grain levels of my photo & video.  She masturbates/teases herself in the bed, then goes outside to flash and go explicit at the gas station and playground.  Its been a long time since I've shot in a playground, and it took a long while to actually get those few minutes because of all the random dog walkers in the area.  Then she masturbates with a vibrator to orgasm, with visible but slight vaginal contractions at the end.  Its extreme closeup mania after that, with spreads and gapes (especially after getting stretched out with the dildo and semi-fisting).   The eroscillator brings her to an even stronger orgasm, with more hints of vaginal contractions.  Then its all about her 'puffy' nipples...

Model Comments: Being at FTV for the weekend was so much fun!! i really had a great time and hope that i will get to come back eventually. This was of course my first time, and i was a bit nervous but that quickly melted away. I liked getting to try new things, I've never used vegetables or had anything that big inside of me ever before. Also, i've never been completely naked in a public place in broad daylight. It was so liberating and fun! This trip had a lot of firsts for me. Hula-hooping naked was fun, but my favorite parts were riding that dildo on the kitchen counter and of course the vibra-king. That thing really blew me away, i just about passed out after it made me cum. I can honestly say that I've never in my life had an orgasm that intense, I couldnt stand up for a while after i used it. I will probably be buying one of my own soon. And of course, Rob is a really nice guy and is great at what he does. After meeting him, its really no wonder why FTV is such a success.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She brought up the idea of going to a grocery store, after seeing girls use veggies on a shoot.  Little did she know she would be trying some large ones!  Once again, she's not shy about having her breasts out, and she's wanting to walk to the counter that way, of course, I have to stop her or we would never make it out (a mini outtake of her learning to use the camera).  Before we could even get home, she wanted to try the banana, so she takes off her pants in the car and penetrates herself right there!  Then a veggie fest at home, with her pushing a banana in her tight and 'shallow' vagina, pushing it out, then a ride on the zucchini.  The big yellow squash she pushes her limits on, and is quite erotic to watch.  In talking to her on the phone (before she came down to shoot) I asked if she has any 'talents', ie.  flexible, acrobatics, yoga, dance, etc... and she said she's a hula hoop master.  Well I hadn't heard of that before, but it made sense to make a shoot out of it, never seen it on FTV!  So we go get her one, and she does it in the store topless, at the park, and finally fully naked in the back yard.  Going for dinner, here is another mini outtake of her at a fancy restaurant.  We saved the dress for last, and she does look so cute and graceful (and a little more mature) in the heels... some teasing then a hard breast & butt massage.  The vibraking brings her to one last orgasm, and the strongest of her life (those legs were shaking uncontrollably!).  She broke out in a sweat from it, and it truly exhausted her (which is why I had her use it at the end of the day).  Enjoy this first timer, a rather young-looking, and very personable sweet teen for FTV.