Every woman who is young and educated is at least somewhat likely to become an entrepreneur AND a single mother.  
 
Enter serial novel $perm, Egg$ and Epigenetics, a romantic dramedy that adapts and expands on a business plan praised by analysts at Amazon, Microsoft and venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson.
 
Precedents for $perm: 1962 book Sex and the Single Girl, by Helen Gurley Brown; 1997 book Sex and the City, by Candace Bushnell.
 
From a January 6, 2010 article in Time magazine:
 
"A new science called epigenetics . . . is the study of changes in gene activity that do not involve alterations to the genetic code but still get passed down to at least one successive generation. . . . It is these epigenetic 'marks' that tell your genes to switch on or off, to speak loudly or whisper. It is through epigenetic marks that environmental factors like diet, stress and prenatal nutrition can make an imprint on genes that is passed from one generation to the next."
 
From 2010 book The Genius in All of Us -- Why Everything You've Been Told About Genetics, Talent and IQ is Wrong:  
 
"If a geneticist had suggested as recently as the 1990s that a twelve-year-old kid could improve the intellectual nimbleness of his or her future children by studying harder now, that scientist would have been laughed right out of the conference hall. Today, that preposterous scenario looks downright likely."
 
From 2008 book Disrupting Class -- How Disruptive Innovation Will Change the Way the World Learns:  
 
"Students need customized pathways . . . and the emergence of a user network, whose analogues . . . would be eBay . . ."
 
Disrupting Class is co-authored by Harvard Business School professor Clayton Christensen, originator of the canonical Model of Disruptive Innovation.

From a 2004 email sent to the author of $perm by the then-CEO of 43Things.com, a startup funded by Amazon:

"I just spent about an hour surfing around [your business plan] with a bit of amazement.
 
. . . I guess I'm mostly just fascinated that we've been working in a very similar vein to the one you describe, without having a solid name for it (we call it 'the age of the amateur' or 'networks of shared experiences' instead of CECS [i.e., customized education and career services], but believe me, we are talking about the same patterns and markets, if not in exactly the same way). Thanks for sharing what you have--it's fascinating stuff."

The torrent contains the first three chapters of $perm.  

Want to be alerted via email when a new chapter is published? Enter your email address at http://www.killerappisodes.com.

Enjoy! 