 http://i1130.photobucket.com/albums/m521/cikachuno/_0071406735.jpg




2500 Keywords to Get You Hired 


MG-H 2003 
Jay A. Block, Michael Betrus
192 Pages
ISBN: 0071406735
PDF
1.39 MB



Make that important first cut with a resume that packs a punch with 2500 Keywords to get you hired. What's in a word? When used effectively on your resume, the right words could land you your next job! "2500 Keywords to Get You Hired" breaks down the buzz on buzzwords - those powerful little words that communicate your experience and qualifications. The abracadabras of a champion job search, a resume packed with potent keywords will get you noticed, get you those elusive interviews, and get your hired! Today's competitive job market demands that your resume stand out from the hundreds-even thousands-of resumes submitted for each job opening.

Now that electronic processing of resumes is the norm, your resume may never even reach the desk of a perspective employer without those critical keywords. "2500 Keywords to Get You Hired" gives you instant access to the most indispensable keywords relevant to 300 careers in nine employment categories - from business, law, and health care to the arts, education, and media - and shows you the most valuable ways to use them. Get it right and get noticed.Packed with hundreds of examples illustrating how to use keywords effectively in your resume and on interviews, "2500 Keywords to Get You Hired" also covers: how to shine on an interview - the importance of making a strong first impression with the receptionist; networking tips - keep a file on each contact and maintain good records at all times; using the Internet in your job search - use keywords heavily in the introduction of your resume; job search strategies - do some research to identify hiring authorities; salary negotiations - establish your value in the mind of the hiring manager; unconventional techniques for securing job openings - send your resume in a priority mail envelope; and much more.

