Linux All-in-One For Dummies, 4th Edition-viny

A complete guide and reference to five major Linux distributions

Linux continues to grow in popularity worldwide as a low-cost, reliable operating system for enterprise use. Nine minibooks in this guide cover everything administrators need to know about the five leading versions: Ubuntu, Fedora Core, OpenSUSE, Mint, and Mandriva.
The companion DVD includes full Ubuntu installations and ISO images for the other four, saving hours of downloading time.

The open source Linux operating system is gaining market share around the world for both desktop and server use; this soup-to-nuts guide covers installation and everything else administrators need to know about Ubuntu, Fedora Core, OpenSUSE, Mint, and Mandriva
Nine self-contained minibooks cover Linux basics, desktops, networking, Internet, administration, security, Linux servers, programming, and scripting
Updated to cover the newest versions of the five top distributions, with complete installation instructions and a DVD including the full Ubuntu installations and ISO images for the others
Linux users and administrators will be able to install and sample five popular Linux flavors with the information in Linux All-in-One For Dummies.

From the Back Cover
New to Linux? Get started now — this handy how-to guide makes learning Linux easy!

No doubt about it, Linux is cool — and free! You can use it to set up a Web server or rejuvenate an old computer. Or use Linux as your desktop OS along with great applications such as OpenOffice.org. This ready reference gives you everything you need to know about installing, configuring, and using Linux, while the DVD gives you five Linux flavors to sample.

It’s a do-it-yourself thing — learn the essentials of installing and using Linux by checking out Books I and II
All about access — connect to the Internet, configure and manage TCP/IP networks, and set up e-mail, newsgroups, and Web surfing
Administrative stuff — manage user accounts, install applications, work with peripherals, and upgrade or customize the Linux kernel
Safety first — secure the network and the host, and perform regular security audits
Serve it up — configure an Apache Web server, set up an FTP server or a Windows® server, and explore Linux programming
Open the book and find:

Help navigating the GNOME® and KDE® desktops
Linux troubleshooting tips
How to set up a LAN
Secrets of using Linux to send instant messages and e-mail
System administration basics
Advice on securing Linux
How to run mail, news, and FTP servers
All about shell scripting
Bonus DVD Includes

ISO image files for five major Linux distributions you can try: Ubuntu Desktop, OpenSUSE, Mint 8, Fedora 12, and Mandriva Linux 2010
Complete instructions for installing and using each distribution