 http://bayimg.com/fAkLMaaDI

The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial (TV 1988) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094826/

  Eric Bogosian  ...  Lt. Barney Greenwald  
  Jeff Daniels  ...  Lt. Steve Maryk  
  Brad Davis  ...  Lt. Cmdr. Phillip Francis Queeg  
  Peter Gallagher  ...  Lt. Cmdr. John Challee  
  Michael Murphy  ...  Capt. Blakely  
  Kevin J. O'Connor  ...  Lt. Thomas Keefer  
  Daniel Jenkins  ...  Lt. Willis Keith  
  Danny Darst  ...  Capt. Randolph Southard  
  Ken Michels  ...  Dr. Bird  

The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial is a two-act play by Herman Wouk, which he adapted from his own novel, The Caine Mutiny.

Wouk's novel covered a long stretch of time aboard the USS Caine, a Navy minesweeper in the Pacific. It begins with Willis Keith's assignment to the Caine, chronicles the mismanagement of the ship under Philip Francis Queeg, explains how Steve Maryk relieved Queeg of command, gives an account of Maryk's court-martial, and describes the aftermath of the mutiny for all involved.

The play covers only the court-martial itself. Like jurors at a trial, the audience knows only what various witnesses tell it of the events on the Caine.

Caine was directed by the legendary Robert Altman, who has always been a friend to his actors...allowing them a lot of freedom to perform. Because of the source material (the Herman Wouk novel and play), his actors are a little more confined, yet Altman still manages to take advantage of amazing performances. Setting the courtroom inside a gymnasium is a stroke of genius. I'm not sure why they would set up court there, but being in the military myself, I know it's not unusual to make the best of an unusual situation...thus, it wouldn't be completely out of the ordinary for a military court to utilize another facility under certain circumstances. Anyway, Altman sets the stage within the gym in a way that allows us to get the most out of the performances. It's hard to describe, but when you see it, you'll understand...especially they way we are able to view characters in the background as another character is testifying.

Of course, the best thing about film (besides Wouk's words) is the actors' performances. Eric Bogosian, Jeff Daniels, Peter Gallagher, Michael Murphy, Kevin J. O'Connor and Brad Davis are all first rate. Bogosian is a dominant force as the defense attorney. Jeff Daniels absolutely personifies the accused. Gallagher makes a razor sharp prosecutor. Judging the proceedings is the very fine Murphy. And O'Connor has to convey a slime-ball without being overtly so...he excels.

Finally, there's Davis. It's easy to see why people keep comparing his performance to Bogart. Bogart was a legend and his performance received a lot of attention. But I'm not really a slave to the original film. In the original film, much of the suspense and intrigue of the story is undercut by the rather weak central character and his point-of-view. That is fine for the book, but a film needs to be more focused.

That's where The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial comes in, it's taut suspenseful and intense. Brad Davis exemplifies those aspects with his VERY intense performance. Bogart was wonderful as the unstable commander of the Caine, Philip Francis Queeg. But his Queeg is kind of a pathetic character...more subdued. It's a nice take on the character but it's not the only way Queeg can be portrayed. In fact, he's much more intense, even hyper in the original novel. And that's the way Davis portrays Queeg in Court-Martial. Davis' captain is energetic from the start, jumping at the chance to defend his actions on the Caine and attacking his enemies. But there's much more to Queeg. I couldn't take my eyes off of Davis. He's filled with such intensity, he's like a rocket ship ready to take off at any moment...a bomb ready to explode. And I LOVE it! Word was Brad Davis was Alman's personal choice to play Queeg when the network's original choice Keith Carradine had other commitments. Carradine would have been great, but I see him delivering a Bogart-like Queeg. I thank Altman for casting Davis because he's given us a much different, but no less effective Captain Queeg! 

Robert Altman's simple and brilliant reprise of the celebrated fictional naval trial succeeds both as a series of character studies, and, more effectively than the Bogart film, as a rebuke of the sprawling anti-military novels (such as the Naked and the Dead) that followed World War II. Unlike the 1954 movie, this version is based on Herman Wouk's stage play and focuses exclusively on the trial itself. As events focus on the progression of witnesses in the temporary courtroom (it's a converted gym), each man is scrutinized under a microscope which reveals strengths, weaknesses, hypocrisy and anguish.

Facing the thankless task of following in Bogart's wake, Brad Davis gives an edgy performance as Qeeg, a ticky personality that slowly melts and becomes unglued in the witness chair. Eric Bogosian is just as watchable as Lt Greenwald, the razor-sharp defense lawyer who is torn as the issues of the trial tear into his own changing moral attitudes about the war. A cynical intellectual when he entered the Marines as a flyer, Greenwald now sees the pragmatic need for a structured military to defeat the evils of fascism (particularly as a Jewish American). To win the trial, he must destroy the life of a career officer and he's sick about it.

Jeff Daniels, Peter Gallagher and the rest of the cast are all top drawer. The 1988 TV Movie version is also able to briefly touch on issues of anti-Semitism and homosexuality that were expunged in the 50s big-screen version. The Caine Mutiny Court Martial offers that all-too-rare treat of allowing Hollywood stars to get into some meaty characters and performances which are normally reserved for the stage. Offered with Altman's trademark overlapping dialogue, it's great drama, an under-appreciated gem, and is well worth 100 minutes of your time. 


