"Only Girl (In the World)" is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, taken from her fifth studio album, Loud. Written by Crystal Johnson, Stargate and Sandy Vee, with the latter two also handling production, the song was released from September 10, 2010, as the lead single from Loud. It is an up-tempo dominant dance-pop song which incorporates elements of Europop in its production and beats. Critical reception of the song has been largely positive, especially towards the strong chorus and musical production. Critics also complemented the choice and vocal work of Rihanna.
"Only Girl (In the World)" topped most charts around the world and was particularly successful in New Zealand and Australia, where it was respectively certified platinum and double platinum. An accompanying music video for the song was filmed by regular collaborator Anthony Mandler and uses simplistic theme mainly focusing on Rihanna with an array of artistic scenery and props. The dominant scenes feature Rihanna frolicking on a hillside. The single was performed live around the world including on series seven of The X Factor in the United Kingdom and at the 2010 American Music Awards in Los Angeles. The song received a Grammy nomination in the Best Dance Recording category at 53rd Grammy Awards.

The music video for "Only Girl" was directed by Anthony Mandler and premiered online on October 13, 2010. While being interviewed Rihanna explained the filming of the video and the video's simplistic theme, "It's really, really beautifully shot in these crazy, crazy, crazy places, We shot landscapes that we found a couple hours outside of L.A. It looks so unreal. It looks fake, like something out of a postcard with the beautiful hills… We had a lot of sunshine those couple of days, so it really worked with the whole essence of the video. But really, the video just shows this big landscape and the only person there is me."
The video mimics the carefree lyrics to the song, which suggest that she is the "only girl in the world."The video features Rihanna as the only person in the video singing and dancing among different surroundings and props.[27] The majority of the video features Rihanna prancing around hillsides wearing a mohair sweater and shorter skirt, a bustier and mini floral skirt, and lastly, a white bra and "boy shorts". Other scenes in the video include Rihanna surrounded by multi-colored balloons, riding on a swing that hangs from the sky, lying in a bed of flowers and then dancing in front of a tree full of blinking lights that adds to the surreal imagery.
Tanner Stransky from The Music Mix reviewed the video positively, commenting on the video's simplistic theme, noting it makes it seem "as if Rihanna is speaking directly to you, the viewer, and she is your one and only amid swallowing rolling, beautiful, swallowing landscapes. It's an effect that makes you focus squarely on RiRi, who's ensconsced in flirty outfits and sporting that fire-red 'do she wore to the VMAs last month."[27] Joyce Lee from CBS wrote, "Rihanna has officially moved on from her edgy Rated R days and has taken on a more girly and upbeat look with her new music video, "Only Girl (In the World)."

Encoded using Handbrake

Source - 720p video from YouTube

Please seed atleast 1:1 & remember to leave comments about the quality..