screenshots: http://img39.imageshack.us/img39/6770/kepthusbands.jpg

Here's a rip I made a year ago and forgot about!  This is a black and white pre-Code film from RKO that may seem tame by today's standards, but was somewhat risque for 1931.  What happens when a poor working man is the darling of a rich socialite?  A light melodrama with some really odd comedic elements involving the parents of the working stiff, and a fairly unenlightened, sexist attitude.  Read below for the details.

1931, black and white, 1.33:1 original Academy aspect ratio
Directed by Lloyd Bacon
Starring Dorothy Mackaill, Joel McCrea, Ned Sparks
Taken from the Roan Group release, from original 35 mm elements, unrestored.
Picture is slightly scratchy and grainy, as most Roan Group releases are.

From Turner Classic Movies:

Brief Synopsis 	
A steel worker marries the boss's daughter, then has to teach her about life on a budget.

Synopsis

After he saves the lives of three New Jersey steel mill workers, steel "boss" Richard "Dick" Brunton is invited to dinner by Arthur Parker, the mill owner, and is offered a reward for his courage. In front of Parker, his snobbish wife Henrietta and socialite daughter Dot, Dick refuses the reward but stays for dinner. During the meal, Dot, who had earlier ridiculed Dick behind his back, discovers that he is a former "All-American" Yale University halfback. Now enamored of Dick, Dot makes a bet with her skeptical father that she can win Dick's heart in four weeks. As planned, Dot proposes to Dick and convinces him to marry her in spite of their class differences and Dick's low salary. Dot then talks her father into promoting Dick to third vice-president and secures a handsome allowance for herself. After an expensive honeymoon in Europe, which has been financed by Parker, Dot and Dick return to New Jersey, where Dot has bought a lavish house. Although Dick resists the move, Dot insists that they stay and celebrates with a loud housewarming party. Six months later, Parker offers Dick, who now spends his work day reading bridge books and going to parties with Dot, a chance to promote a controversial engineering plan to a company in St. Louis. Anxious to prove himself, Dick eagerly accepts the challenge, but Dot refuses to leave town during the height of the social season. In spite of Dot's tears, Dick prepares to leave, but is counseled by his mother to make amends with Dot. Before Dick returns home, Dot has a rendezvous with Charlie Bates, a former admirer, who tries to seduce her in his apartment. When Dot shows up early the next morning, Dick, who has seen her with Charlie, questions her about her activities. Furious at Dot's lies, Dick berates her for turning him into a "kept husband" and announces their separation and his resignation from her father's firm. Eventually, however, Dot realizes her selfish foolishness and finds Dick, who has decided to go to St. Louis after all, at the train station. After apologizing, Dot agrees to live on Dick's salary and be a loving wife.