 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0298131/6,9
		

Early on Feb. 27, 1943, under the waning cover of dark, Berlin`s remaining Jews were rounded up for what the Reich euphemistically referred to as deportation. While most of the detainees were doomed, some 1,700 men, women and children were diverted to a former Jewish community center on Rosenstrasse. Segregated because they were either married to non-Jewish Germans or the progeny of such marriages, the prisoners huddled together while outside, their German relatives, women mostly, initiated an unprecedented protest against the Nazi terror machine. In "Rosenstrasse," the German director Margarethe von Trotta revisits this relatively obscure episode from Germany's Nazi past to dismally inept effect. Known for politically charged movies about tough women, Ms. von Trotta here foregoes the typical historical reconstruction and instead attempts to put the past and the present into conversation. Because she isn't a historian it's arguable that her allegiance to the historical record need not be as firm as her commitment to her art, which at least here appears tenuous at best. That reasoning would certainly fly better if the filmmaker didn't try to wrench an object lesson about female empowerment from the Rosenstrasse protest.



Director Margarethe von Trotta
Certificate 12 years and over
Year 2003
Screen Widescreen 1.85:1 Anamorphic
Languages German - Dolby Digital (5.1)
Subtitles Swedish Norwegian
Duration 2 Hours and 16 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Australia Released PAL Region 0 DVD 
Trailer(s) 
Scene Access 
Photo Gallery 

Actors

Katja Riemann, Maria Schrader, Martin Feifel, Jürgen Vogel, Jutta Lampe, Doris Schade, Fedja van Huêt, Carola Regnier, Svea Lohde & Plien van Bennekom

Rosenstrasse [2003 PAL DVD][De Subs[Sv.No]

Beskrivning på Svenska

En stark historia om en grupp starka kvinnor som kämpar för sina mäns rätt under andra världskriget.

Speltid 130 min
EAN-kod 7321939941640
Textning Norska Svenska 
Ljud Tyska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk)
Lokal titel Kvinnorna på Rosenstrasse
Orginal titel Rosenstrasse
Genre Drama Krigsfilm World Cinema 
Produktionsland Tyskland
Premiärår 2003
Regi Margarethe von Trotta
Manus Pamela Katz Margarethe von Trotta 
