Official  Web Site:  http://www.everimaging.com/products/hdrdarkroom.htm

Splendid natural scenery and carefully staged compositions are sometimes not enough for a great photograph. The final image is often has areas that are too bright or dark. Details once seen by the naked eye are lost in the shadows or blown out in the highlights. HDR Darkroom, revolutionary high dynamic range imaging software can solve this problem by extending the dynamic range possible in a digital image.

Details that would otherwise be lost are now visible in your images. It is as simple as taking three bracketed photos: one normal-exposure, one over-exposed and one under-exposed. HDR Darkroom then emulates the range of details the human eye detects by compressing the content of these multiple frames into a single image. The results contain rich details and vivid colors without introducing anomalies such as halos or other blemishes. This is the strength of HDR Darkroom.

For those starting out in HDR photography, HDR Darkroom is a perfect fit. With it’s easy to use controls so you are on your way to create astonishing HDRs in no time!

Cutting Edge Local Tone Mapping Technology:

As photographers we managed to improve our images using a myriad of manual techniques over the years, but now there is a much easier way to do it. Using our Local Tone Mapping Technology, you will produce the most spectacular photo-realistic results in seconds.

Easy-to-use User Interface

We have been working with professional photographers to understand their workflow and designed HDR Darkroom specifically for ease of use with professional control.

Powerful Batch processing:

The HDR Darkroom Batch Processing Engine handles each set of images dynamically. As each image is analyzed, suitable defaults are applied. This allows you to use batch processing in a very powerful way, saving you countless hours of manual adjustments. Manual adjustments are always available for people who want full control over their processing.

Camera Raw File Converter:

HDR Darkroom supports RAW files by more than 150 camera models such as Canon, Nikon, Sony, Olympus and Panasonic as well as Adobe (DNG). New formats will be included in new releases once they become available.

Innovative workflows to choose from:

When you use HDR Darkroom you can choose from of the following professional workflows:

1. HDR Composition workflow (HDR Composition): In this workflow, multi-exposed 8-bit (jpeg, bmp, png etc) or 16-bit (CR2, NEF, etc) RAW image data is needed to combine into HDR photos through the steps of noise reduction, alignment, de-ghosting, merging into HDR negatives and tone mapping. This workflow usually produces the most spectacular photos.

2. Tone Mapping based RAW converter workflow (RAW converter): HDR Darkroom is also a RAW converter. Different from conventional RAW converters, HDR Darkroom inserts Everimaging's sophisticated tone mapping engines DIRECTLY into the RAW conversion process and thus better reproducing the details, colors and contrast. To learn the difference between HDR Darkroom's Tone Mapping based RAW converter and other RAW converters

HDR Darkroom is featured in the overall "New and Noteworthy" list.

HDR Darkroom received the silver prize of Digital Camera Grand-prix 2011 for image processing category in Japan!

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.5 or better

--- PLEASE SEED ---
