Basic Campaign Training >> Beginning on page 2, you'll learn both the overall and precise methods for general combat across occupied North America with comprehensive training. Featuring information on different firing methods (including firing from the hip and fluttering), a multitude of maneuvers, and an overview of every single weapon (and the general effectiveness of each one). This is your introduction to the Resistance, and it ends on page 12 with biographical information on the single-player campaign's main protagonists that you've aligned yourself with.

Single Player Campaign >> Starting on page 14, and continuing all the way to page 169 is a thorough and meticulous walkthrough of the entire Single Player campaign experience. For every takedown, enemy encounter, and checkpoint; there's copious strategic information; usually involving tactical advice for multiple ways to succeed in each encounter. Full-color maps flag the location of every pertinent screenshot and weapon cache, a complete list of every Unique Weapon, and hidden News Pick-up, as well as the location of every secret Xbox 360-only QR code further supplement this. As expected, every Achievement or Trophy is also flagged; at the first opportunity you can access it.

Multiplayer Training >> The other half of the book begins on page 170 with a massive amount of multiplayer information, detailing all the control schemes, the basics of combat, and then the unique elements to every Homefront multiplayer match. This includes information on Battle Points (and every possible method to earn them), Ranking, Experience, Unlocks, and a thorough overview of the different game types, from Ground Control to Battle Commander. Then comes Challenges, a list of Achievements and Trophies, and general tips for success.

Multiplayer Armory >> From page 180 onwards is the Armory, where the overview of online play becomes much more detailed. We offer tactical advice on each Loadout, and create optimal Loadouts depending on your style of play. Tactical advice on Primary Weapons, Attachments, Camo, Explosives, Drones, Airstrikes, Vehicles (and much more) is also included; gleamed from months of playtesting and designed to give you a huge advantage no matter what map you're playing on. Pay particular attention to the huge Damage Table on page 198, which shows how effective every single weapon is in the game, against every type of infantry and armor! The Armory finishes with a complete list of Abilities, and their tactical use in the combat zone.

Multiplayer Maps >> Beginning on page 203 and continuing for another 80 pages is complete tactical knowledge of all eight multiplayer maps, from Angel Island to the Xbox 360 exclusive Suburb. Each map is detailed in full-color and shows all the key locations. An icon-driven system of screenshots methodically reveals strategies in every section, whether they're related to a particular side, whether this is an offensive or defensive strategy or related to a game type, and there are dozens of battle-tested vantage points we've pinpointed for maximum takedown efficiency. Months of multiplayer matches have been condensed into exact information sections designed to give you an immediate advantage. The book concludes with Appendices on page 284 showing all the Unlocks and Achievements and Trophies in an easy-to-read set of tables.
