These are the November 9th releases from DC's New 52.   As usual I have gotten these all over the net, so these are not my scans or original uploads.  Respect to all of the original scanners and uploaders.  If you like the comic, support the artists.  These are for preview purposes only.

All descriptions are from the DC Comics website. 

ALL-STAR WESTERN #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

The Gotham City Police Department teams up with the vigilante Jonah Hex to bring a serial killer to justice, setting a dangerous precedent – but even that won't stop the Religion of Crime from staking its claim on these streets. Will Hex ever get away from this place that makes the Wild West seem tame – and can he survive Gotham City's first drive-by shooting? Plus: Will El Diablo's rampage against a zombie horde be halted by the bloodthirsty White Arrow?

AQUAMAN #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

The secret of the Trench revealed! Where did these cannibalistic sea creatures come from? What fuels their monstrous hunger? Why have they chosen now to invade the surface world? To unravel the mystery of the Trench, Aquaman must seek help from the last person on earth he ever wanted to see again.

BATMAN: THE DARK KNIGHT #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

A wave of fear washes across Gotham City as a mysterious toxin radically alters the bodies of its criminals, sending crazed villains into the streets and stretching the resources of the police department. Can Batman and his vigilante partners follow the clues and uncover the perpetrator's real identity? And when one fabled hero is stricken by the poison, the trail will point to the mysterious White Rabbit.

BLACKHAWKS #3 (CBZ format released 11/23/2011)

Wildman and Canada are prisoners of the enemy! Kunichi is a prisoner in sick bay! Lincoln faces the Bureaucrats! Lady Blackhawk battles the Internet! And who, or what, is Mother Machine?! Blackhawks only gets cooler – and stranger – by the issue.

THE FLASH #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

If the Fastest Man Alive is going to capture Mob Rule, he must first tap into his new amped-up super brain to save the citizens of Central City from the EMP that has blacked out the city. Witness a spectacular sequence of out-of-control cars, trains and even airplanes that must be stopped from destroying the city!

THE FURY OF FIRESTORM: THE NUCLEAR MEN #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

When someone tries to create a hero of godlike power, there are bound to be a few bumps in the road. And one of those failed, twisted experiments has been kept in a bunker deep underground, far too dangerous and horrific to be allowed to see daylight. Until the mysterious Zither lets this nuclear nightmare free to kill all of Earth's Firestorms! Presenting the shambling horror that was meant to be a savior: Helix!

GREEN LANTERN: NEW GUARDIANS #3 (CBZ format released 11/23/2011)

Lanterns united! Green, yellow, red, blue – soldiers from every Lantern Corps stand shoulder-to-shoulder against an unthinkable enemy: the Guardians of Oa! It's the New Guardians vs. old in a battle that will forever change Kyle Rayner's standing in the Green Lantern Corps! Plus: If the lone Orange Lantern ring is with Kyle Rayner, then what happened to its owner, Larfleeze? Finally, the answer revealed!

I, VAMPIRE #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

Across the country, bodies litter the streets as the Queen of Blood builds her army. A weakened Andrew must seek the aid of an old ally, but the game of death has a new wild card who may help Andrew tip the balance of power – or decapitate him.

JUSTICE LEAGUE DARK #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

What is Madame Xanadu's plan? And why is she urging Shade the Changing Man to recruit a killer? One by one, our anti-hero misfits are drawn inexplicably to each other... While John Constantine aids Zatanna in escaping a town destroyed by magic, June Moon seeks help from Deadman. But in the end, will any of it be enough to escape the dark clutches of the insane and powerful Enchantress?

THE SAVAGE HAWKMAN #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

Using his unique gift for deciphering alien symbols, Carter Hall learns the secets knowledge of his new foe, Morphicius, even as his deadly power continues to grow! Unraveling this mystery is Hawkman's only chance to defeat Morphicius before he becomes unstoppable.

SUPERMAN #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

Superman finds himself beset as a TV reporter at the new Daily Planet makes a case that Superman brings Metropolis more harm than good, while a vicious new foe attacks those nearest and dearest to Clark Kent! Who are all these new villains attacking Metropolis lately, and what deadly secret connects them? Superman's not going to like the answer!

TEEN TITANS #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

It had to happen! A new Teen Titan shows up without so much as an invitation – and here Red Robin already had his hands full trying to get Bugg from Los Angeles to New York by train! Don't miss the dazzling debut of The Wall! Meanwhile, Kid Flash is trying desperately to flee the arctic N.O.W.H.E.R.E. prison with a mysterious young woman who is unable to control her own super powers. And Wonder Girl investigates a lead that is going to bring her face to face with a certain halfhuman/half-Kryptonian clone!

VOODOO #3 (CBR format released 11/23/2011)

Already on the run from shadowy government agents who want to dissect her, Voodoo now must face a new threat: Green Lantern Kyle Rayner! Will even her shapeshifting powers be enough to keep a GL at bay? Writer Ron Marz returns to his signature DCU character!