Acronis Backup & Recovery Workstation & Server v10.0.13544 with Universal Restore 



Release notes for Acronis Backup & Recovery 10
Release date: 13-April-2011
Build: 13544 

Overview
This update introduces a new software-as-a-service solution – Acronis Backup & Recovery Online, provides a number of new features to the Acronis Backup & Recovery 10 product line and addresses issues found in previous releases.

To update Acronis Backup & Recovery 10 components while preserving all previous settings, tasks, policies and vaults, it is recommended to install the update build without uninstalling the previous build.

Components can be updated in any order as the product provides version compatibility between components.

Acronis Backup & Recovery 10 update is available for all editions. For a complete list of editions visit: http://www.acronis.com/enterprise/support/updates/. 

New features
Restore to a new RedHat KVM

The option to recover to a new virtual machine of RedHat KVM type is now available. KVM is a virtual machine implementation that uses an operating system's kernel and allows for greater performance. Generally, KVM refers to a Linux kernel virtualization infrastructure.

Fixed issues and enhancements
This section lists the issues found in previous releases of Acronis Backup & Recovery 10 that were fixed in the current update.

Installation

Fixed the Agent installation on secondary read-only domain controller. 
Fixed the issue which occurred when using an Online backup license after installing a trial version of the product on a remote machine. 
Fixed the issue which occurred when installing the product on a machine with Acronis Disk Director Advanced installed. 
Fixed the issue which occurred when restarting Acronis Disk Management Service after product installation. 
Fixed the issue of multiple DCOM errors appearing after Agent installation, if a License manager (llsmgr.exe) is used. 
Removed mentioning of License Server from Acronis Backup & Recovery 10 standalone editions. 
Fixed the issue of DCOM local activation permission errors appearing in Event Logs when Fujitsu Agent is installed. 
Update

Fixed the issue of not preserving the default backup and recovery options when performing an Update installation. 
Backup

Fixed the issue of backing up only a hidden partition "System Reserved" (without Windows system files). This issue would occur when backing up a guest virtual machine W2K8 R2 on Hyper-V via Acronis Management Server with [System] rule. 
Fixed the failure of the backup process which occurred when several machines back up to the same vault on a tape (with one drive). 
Fixed the issue of typing in "@" and "\" symbols in various fields using a German keyboard. 
Fixed the issue of locking a service account in Active Directory after three logon failures. 
Fixed the problem with a backup option which allows skipping errors (except for handling bad sectors) in a silent mode. 
Fixed the problem which occurred when selecting a network share as a storage for a virtual machine while converting to a Hyper-V machine. 
Fixed the failure of a volume snapshot creation for a DRBD disk backup. 
Fixed the issue of an incremental slice size occurring when using VSS. 
Fixed the problem which occurred with the backup deletion process when retention rules are specified. 
Fixed the problem which occurred when running a backup policy which has square brackets in the name (incorrectly specified URI). 
Fixed the issue with an error appearing when using square brackets and percentage sign in an archive name. 
Fixed the issue of incorrect warnings in the log when smtp.gmail.com is specified to send e-mail notifications. 
Fixed the issue of selecting a dual destination for backing up volumes of a Hyper-V virtual machine. 
Fixed the issue of a backup failure occurring when using VSS: it can be performed by local administrator only, a message has been added to an options page. 
Fixed the issue of the ESX VE task hanging on interaction even when a silent mode is enabled. 
Fixed the problem of Acronis Backup & Recovery Server for Windows recognizing hard drives if XenTools 5.6 is installed. 
Fixed the issue of hanging at 100% completion when creating a task for a full backup of a partition on a network share if Kaspersky Internet Security 11.0.1.400 is installed. 
Fixed the problem of validating an archive if a backup created to a network share using file naming such as in Acronis True Image Echo. 
Fixed the failure of creating a backup of a network share to an online storage. 
Fixed the issue of removing unfinished backups from Acronis Secure Zone when using command-line mode. 
Fixed the correct execution of pre- and post-commands according to the backup task changes. 
Fixed the failure of deploying a backup policy when "Online backup storage" is specified as an archive location. 
Fixed the error message in the log for a file backup via Acronis Management Server when VSS is enabled. 
Fixed the failure to create backup plan to an online storage which uses Czech Windows XP operating system. 
Fixed the problem of the product crashing after the second attempt to enter credentials when editing a backup task. 
Recovery

Fixed the problem which occurred with One-Click Restore from external USB CD/DVD drives. 
Fixed the issue of "Decompression error" appearing when restoring from an archive containing 9 millions files. 
Fixed the disabling smbios service (Intel System Management BIOS Service) by Acronis Universal Restore. 
Fixed the restore of ESXi4.1 disk backup to the original location from a bootable media. 
Fixed the corruption of the user rights when restoring with a changed SID on Windows 2008 x32. 
Validation

Fixed various issues of validation task failures. 
Fixed the failure of the validation after backup if Echo-style naming is used. 
Centralized management

Fixed the issue of an incorrect displaying of Active Directory organization units created in a root, during dynamic group creation using this criteria (Active Directory organization units). 
Fixed the issue of the warning message "Failed to detect installed virtual servers" frequently appearing in the agent log if MCAffe EPO 4.5 is installed. 
Fixed the storing of the credentials by Management Console in protected storage. Also, fixed the failure of connecting via shortcuts. 
Fixed the failure of running the Acronis Recovery for Microsoft Exchange/Acronis Recovery for MS SQL Server console from the Management Console. 
Fixed inheriting IP addresses from Windows by Acronis Startup Recovery Manager. 
Fixed the collecting of system information on Windows 2003 x64. 
The "Activate subscription..." link has been removed from tooltip. 
License Server

Fixed the failure of establishing a remote connection to a License Server if SSL encryption is enabled on both ends. 
Management Server

Fixed the turning on of Windows Event Logs for Acronis Management Server. 
Fixed the synchronization with Agents after restoring Acronis Management Server. 
Linux

Fixed the request for unexpected credentials which occurred when attempting to access NFS drives without access permission. 
Fixed the problem of media crashing when backing up a specific symbolic link. 
Fixed the problem that occurred when trying to install Acronis Backup & Recovery 10 on a Linux machined which has weak-modules and Hyper-V Linux Integration Services. Kernel panic would occur on this type of Linux machine. 
Fixed the problem of remote connections by non-root users, even if they are specified in Acronis_Trusted group. 
Fixed the issue of restoring access rights to the files after restore. 
Virtualization

Virtual machine conversion to Citrix XenServer 5.6 is now supported. 
Fixed the issue of saving the previously specified settings in "Convert to VM" section (conversion type, host, server) after changing the backup policy. 
Fixed the problem of hanging ESX VA tasks on interaction when silent mode is enabled. 
Fixed the failure of applying a backup policy via Acronis Management Server on a virtual machine with dynamic disks. 
Fixed the problem of restoring enhanced VMXNET2 adapter to a new virtual machine. 
Fixed the failure of access to VM's harddisk if vCenter uses "&" or "<" symbols in a password. 
Fixed the issue of an unexpected number of VHD files in Hyper-V's HDD storage while converting. 
Hyper-V: fixed the problem of backing up a guest virtual machine with dynamic disks. 
Fixed the failure of starting Acronis PXE service. 
Fixed the failure of the automatic conversion after backup of ESX VM to ESX. 
Fixed the failure of backing up the second hard drive on ESX guest through a backup policy. 
Fixed the problem of restoring the static IP address after VM recovery to an existing virtual machine via ESX VA. 
Bootable media

Fixed the issue of displaying Acronis Secure Zone in Personal vaults while selecting a path for a destination location. 
Fixed the problem of bootable media hanging while loading on a virtual machine created on a Hyper-V SCSI disk. 
Fixed the issue of displaying an incorrect disk size for Hyper-V Virtual IDE hard disks. 
Fixed the failure of creating Acronis Secure Zone if an EISA partition is present on a disk. 
Fixed the problem of adding drivers to WinPE by using Bootable Media Builder for WAIK in Windows 7. 
Fixed the Bootable Environment: Active Restore now works correctly. 
Fixed the failure of activating Acronis Startup Recovery Manager from a bootable media created on a flash drive. 
Fixed the failure of creating a Linux-based bootable media after installing Acronis Universal Restore. 
WinPE

Fixed the Universal Restore failure which occurred several minutes after starting. 
Acronis Loader

Fixed the issue of Acronis Loader crashing in Acronis Startup Recovery Manager if F11 key is pressed multiple times. 
Fixed the problem of Acronis Loader locking up when booting a VM on VMware vSphere Server 4.1.0. 
Online Help

The main text style has been changed in Web Help publication. 
Documentation

Fixed the functioning of a help button in Disk Management on import foreign disk window. 
Fixed the description of the SSL certificate storage in the Help/User Guide. 
Fixed the description of the licensing policy in the Help/User Guide. 
ACEP

No personal data is required for ACEP now. 
Known issues
This section describes issues that are currently known and provides workarounds or advice on how to avoid the issues.

A size of incremental backups of ESX VM with LVMs are almost equal to a size of a full backup. 
Booting from a media uploaded to WDS on Windows 2008 R2 fails. It is recommended to create a bootable media with WinPE in 'wim' mode and then upload it to WDS to boot correctly. 
A validation task for an online backup takes too long to complete. 
Updating Acronis Management Server from the previous build may fail, if a computer name contains more than 15 characters. As a workaround, make your computer name less than 15 characters.

Supported operating systems (Workstation)
Windows 2000 SP (Service Pack) 4+
Windows XP SP2+ x32 and x64 Editions
Windows Vista all SP x32 and x64 Editions
Windows 7 x32 and x64 Editions* 

Supported operating systems (Server)
Windows 2000 Server SP 4+
Windows 2003 Server SP 2+ x32 and x64 Editions
Windows 2008 Server SP2 x32 and x64 Editions*
Windows 2008 Server Foundation 
Windows 2008 Server R2

 
