Bagpipes, a song written as the soundtrack to a Michel Gondry music video, Patti Page's musical shadow, and Jack and Meg co-narrating a scavenger's rummages: It must be time for Icky Thump, the many-flavored riposte to 2006's Get Behind Me Satan. The duo starts big with the title track--Jack's fast-tumbling, falsetto-tinged lyrics jagging on hyper keyboard-sounding segues and Meg's pounding drums. They rarely shy from an idea, invoking acoustic Bob Dylan to frame "300 M.P.H. Torrential Outpour Blues," but interjecting a series of distortion-laden guitar paroxysms for good measure. The end of Icky, on "Effect and Cause," is where Jack's trademark vocal warble and spare, quick acoustic strums meet Meg's single-minded beats. Everywhere on Icky giant riffs leap and shout, with Flamenco horns and those eerie bagpipes and rhythmic shifts and Jack's impatient vocal kinetics, marking new territories even as the White Stripes again populate them with vintage ideas. 

The White Stripes are back with the most bombastic album they've ever produced! While revealing the band's roots in American folk music, Icky Thump is an explosive, revolutionary assault that brings together garage rock, every blues style of the past 100 years, nouveau, and flamenco. This is truly a modern rock and roll masterpiece! 

by Andrew Bartlett

TRACKLIST:

01 - Icky Thump.wma                                                  
02 - You Don't Know What Love Is (You Just Do What You're Told).wma  
03 - 300 M.P.H. Torrential Outpour Blues.wma                         
04 - Conquest.wma                                                    
05 - Bone Broke.wma                                                  
06 - Prickly Thorn, But Sweetly Worn.wma                             
07 - St. Andrew (This Battle Is In The Air).wma                      
08 - Little Cream Soda.wma                                           
09 - Rag And Bone.wma                                                
10 - I'm Slowly Turning Into You.wma                                 
11 - A Martyr For My Love For You.wma                                
12 - Catch Hell Blues.wma                                            
13 - Effect And Cause.wma

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO