Following a successful anti-fluoride campaign in Canada, Dr. Paul Connett, Professor of Chemistry at St. Lawrence University in New York, visited thecommand center in Austin, Texas, to make appearance on the Alex Jones Show and tape “Deadly Fluoride: Hoax on the Run!”

Connett was in town to make an appearance before the Austin City Council and argue in favor of eliminating the dangerous neurotoxin for Austin’s water.

Dr. Connett, who is the Executive Director of the Fluoride Action Network, is largely responsible for raising awareness to the dangers of fluoride in Canada. Earlier this year, the Calgary city council voted 10-3 to remove the toxic substance from the city’s drinking water. Connett is attempting to repeat this success elsewhere in Canada as well as in Austin, Australia, and New Zealand.

During the interview with Alex Jones, Dr. Connett presented in concise fashion overwhelming evidence of the health risks posed by water and food fluoridation.

In addition to dental fluorosis, the irreversible condition caused by excessive ingestion of fluoride during the tooth forming years, numerous studies have conclusively demonstrated that fluoride is responsible for a number of serious diseases – including bone cancer, arthritis, lower thyroid function, and disruption of the pineal gland and its production of melatonin, a hormone that helps regulate the onset of puberty. Alex noted studies revealing how fluoride is responsible for the early onset of puberty in girls and effeminacy in boys.

Dr. Connett also mentioned recent studies that prove fluoride’s primary and sole benefit to teeth comes from topical application to the surfaces of teeth and not from ingestion through water and food. The dental research community now admits that fluoride has little effect on preventing cavities in the pits and fissures – the chewing surfaces – of teeth where the majority of tooth decay occurs. In short, there is absolutely no dental benefit, as often claimed, when fluoride is ingested.

“Deadly Fluoride: Hoax on the Run!” is an excellent primer on the numerous dangers of fluoride. It also provides an update on anti-fluoride activism and the ongoing effort to have it removed from water systems, food, and most perniciously from baby dietary products.

