I believe since this IS on YOU tube there is no offense to anyone to post this capture of Fortune Faded.

I\'m losing my Constitution (God that Pun even hurt me, and yet I post it)


The guy from Politically Correct, and his name is failing me still tonight.(Mare)
He has a brilliant line. During the Bush admin the guy from the show (sorry guy)
stated that he continuously would email out a copy of the constitution in all his sent emails in hopes that Bush might get the chance to read it - while illegally intercepting Marr\'s email.
I once said a while back, to me Nixon made a pack with the Devil.
The only difference between the Nixon\'s admin and Bush\'s...I have always thought Cheney was the devil.
The guy from Hustler. I love tremendously. He is funny as Hell. And nothing is coming back tonight at all. I just wish he\'d read this cause sometimes I\'d like to turn this all into a Circus too.
And he did so funnily under Clinton, and he enjoyed the Hell out of himself in doing it, too.
Do you remember how many Republicans bit the dust when Hustler offered a Million for any crap on them?
Do you know why he disappeared so quickly?
Did have anything to do with the Government immediately arresting his brother on trumped up charges? 
In the name of Freedom?
Anyway he had amazing...just an amazing man.
Amazing. If he could possible just read this I wish. I always wanted to send him a cartoon the day Jerry Falwell died of Jerry at the Pearly Gates and his mother hollering from an adjacent outhouse... hollering...Jerry is that you.
If he could jest read that it would take so much pain away.
My names are just gone today.
But it is called satire...and it was upheld by the supreme court.
And REMs song: from Begin the Begin...the only vote that matters.
And they hurt Larry Flint ( I had to resort to Googling) they only way they could.

why is it the Gandhi\'s, Kennedy\'s, Kings, Lincolns, Socrates, Caprenticace, Gallilaoes, and Christs all are killed in this world\'s hatred, vile hatred for anyone that threatens....as um the guy (from Bad Luck Streak in Dancing School: you would know him more for Werewolf\'s of London)ummm Zevon, anyway his very nice line is:

Leave my Monkey alone.

And yes I\'d put Larry directly in that list, cause he deserves to be for standing up to this world. And simply in my hopes it might piss off those who think too highly of themselves.


And I simply don\'t think I have anyone left to offend here.  :0



oops...back to my point.


The weeper of the house decided that their first act was to read the House the constitution.
I would hope my reps know it (coming from the Oklahoma delegation though...)
Or at least more than Chrissie O Donnell who I believe I saw a little girl dressed up as last Halloween.
I did. I went up to this very cute 5 year old girl at church in her witch outfit and told her she made a very good looking Republican.

Anyway...why is the weeper insisting on passing bills in the house that will go nowhere....does he want the country to fail to give a better position in 2012?

Would he do that to our country?

Why waste our Congress time passing Bills for some dumb statement...why not pass a budget?

There are six Bills currently being focused on that will not get past the Senate.

Is this not the definition of  Unpatriotic?

Under President Carter our country faced a total National Debt of 90 BILLION. not Trillion. Not near a Trillion. Until after Reagan who got away in the trial of Oliver North...not with asking...what is is....
just in not remembering...over 400 times.

And the Repubs blame it on Tax and spend Democrats and President Obama....anyway...I have offended enough people now.


Again...poor taste is not a reason to commit someone...being offensive...is not a reason...throwing shoes...should not be...and these are merely words...and nothing more

And they have a right to be here.

In the voice of silence of so many in all these things...these have a right to be remembered...forever. 