This is a Release of Prince Of Persia: The Sands Of Time (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.4GB
This Release Includes:
-Prince of Persia: The Sands Of Time (2010) Dvd Rip to Xvid by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features:
	-The Unseen World – The Making Of The Prince Of Persia
-Prince Of Persia: The Sands Of Time DVD Covers

That’s the WHOLE DVD with the Special behind the Scenes Documentary! Enjoy in time for Chinese New Year! Please SEED! NO LEACHERS! Cheers, vladtepes3176
CAST:
Jake Gyllenhaal as Prince Dastan, the youngest of the three Princes of Persia who learns about the powers of the Dagger of Time. He serves as the protagonist in the film.
Gemma Arterton as Princess Tamina, the young ruler of the sacred city of Alamut who goes along with Dastan on his journey to clear his name from the King's murder.
Ben Kingsley as Nizam, King Sharaman's brother and adviser, who comes up with a plan of treason to obtain the Dagger of Time and use it to turn back time to kill Sharaman and make himself become King of Persia. He serves as the primary antagonist of the film.
Alfred Molina as Sheikh Amar, a local ostrich racing-organizer and tax-averse entrepreneur.
Ronald Pickup as King Sharaman, the ruler of Persia who adopts Dastan into the royal family after witnessing his act of courage in the marketplace.
Steve Toussaint as Seso, one of Sheik's closest friends, capable of throwing knives and daggers with pinpoint accuracy.
Richard Coyle as Tus, the oldest of the three Princes of Persia.
Toby Kebbell as Garsiv, the second oldest of the three Princes of Persia.
Reece Ritchie as Bis, Dastan's closest friend and ally.
Gísli Örn Garðarsson as Zolm, the Leader of the Hassansins, hired by Nizam to locate Dastan and kill him, as well as locating the Dagger and bring it back to Nizam. He is the secondary antagonist of the film.
William Foster as Young Dastan

DETAILS:
Rated: PG-13 (Parental Guidance Suggested)
Studio: Walt Disney Pictures
DVD Release Date: September 14, 2010
IMBD: tt0473075

PLOT: (IMBD) Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a 2010 sword-and-sorcery action film written by Jordan Mechner, Boaz Yakin, Doug Miro, and Carlo Bernard; directed by Mike Newell; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer; and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. A young fugitive prince and princess must stop a villain who unknowingly threatens to destroy the world with a special dagger that enables the magic sand inside to reverse time.

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION:
In the spirit of the Pirates Of The Caribbean trilogy, Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films transport you to the mystical lands of Persia for this wildly entertaining, epic action-adventure. It's a race against time when a rogue prince (Jake Gyllenhaal) reluctantly teams up with a rival princess (Gemma Arterton) to safeguard a magical dagger that gives its possessor the power to reverse time and rule the world. Filled with death-defying escapes and unexpected twists at every turn - Prince Of Persia: The Sands Of Time is a fun-filled adventure that will keep your pulse pounding long after the credits end.
PLEASE SEED NO LEACHERS! No one else has a release out featuring the extras. Thanks vladtepes3176

