-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The Big Bang Theory - Season 1 (2007) DVDRip Xvid Eng AC3 MKV

Title:		The Big Bang Theory
Season:		1 (Complete)
Release:	TV: 2007 DVD: 2009
Runtime:	Each Episode aprrox. 20mins
IMDb Rating:	8.7, 33,043 votes
IMDb #:		tt0898266

The Big Bang Theory is an American sitcom created by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady, both of whom serve as executive producers on the show, along with Lee Aronsohn and Steve Molaro, who are two of the head writers. It premiered on CBS on September 24, 2007.

Set in Pasadena, California, the show is centered on five characters: two roommate Caltech geniuses, experimental physicist Leonard Hofstadter and theoretical physicist Sheldon Cooper; their neighbor across the hall Penny, an attractive blonde waitress and aspiring actress; and Leonard and Sheldon's equally geeky and socially awkward co-workers and friends Howard Wolowitz, an Aerospace engineer and a non-PhD from JPL, and Rajesh Koothrappali, a particle astrophysicist postdoc also working at Caltech.
	

Main Cast:
Leonard Hofstadter Ph.D., portrayed by Johnny Galecki, is an experimental physicist with an IQ of 173 who received his doctorate when he was 24 years old. He shares an apartment with colleague and friend Sheldon Cooper and is the straight man of the series. 

Sheldon Cooper, Ph.D., portrayed by Jim Parsons, is a theoretical physicist. Originally from East Texas, he was a child prodigy, starting college at the age of 12, right after completing the fifth grade. He has an IQ of 187 and exhibits a strict adherence to routine; a lack of understanding of irony, sarcasm and humor; and a complete lack of humility. 

Penny, portrayed by Kaley Cuoco, is the attractive, blonde neighbor who lives across the hall from Sheldon and Leonard. She has aspirations of a career in show business, and has been to casting calls and auditions but has not been successful thus far. To pay the bills, she works as a waitress at The Cheesecake Factory. Her last name has never been revealed. 

Howard Wolowitz, M.Eng., portrayed by Simon Helberg, works as an aerospace engineer. He is Jewish, and lives with his mother. Unlike Sheldon, Leonard, and Raj, Howard lacks a Ph.D. He defends this by pointing out that he has a master's degree in Engineering from MIT and the apparatus he designs are actually built and launched into space, unlike the purely abstract work of his friends. He provides outrageous pick-up lines and fancies himself a ladies man with suitably unimpressed reactions from Penny; however, he has limited success with other women. 

Rajesh Koothrappali, Ph.D., portrayed by Kunal Nayyar, originally comes from New Delhi, India. Known commnly as "Raj", he works as a particle astrophysicist at Caltech. He is very shy around women and is physically unable to talk to them unless he drinks alcohol. However, he has much better luck with women as opposed to his overly confident best friend Howard

Encoding

Video;
Resolution:	640x352
Bitrate:	~1220kbps (avg) @ 25fps
Codec:		Xvid, v1.2.2
Format:		MPEG-4 Visual (XviD)

Audio;
Format:		2.0 Channel AC3
Bitrate:	192kbps @ 48KHz
Language:	English

Other Info;
Subtitles:	English, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian, Polish, Swedish
Scene Markers:	Encoded
File Size:	~207MB
File Format:	Matroska (.mkv)
Torrent Files:	19

Source Info;
Type:		PAL DVD (R4)
Frame Type:	Widescreen, Progressive

The Big Bang Theory - Season 1

During Season One, Sheldon loses his job for insulting his new boss, finds his ego bruised by a child prodigy, and finds himself unable to bear being part of a lie that Leonard has told, always attacking the world with a relentless need to assert his supremacy. Rajesh first learns that he can talk to girls, but only when he's drunk, and Penny and Leonard finally go out in the season finale.

101-Pilot
After an unsuccessful visit to the high-IQ sperm bank, Leonard and Sheldon return home to find out Penny, a new neighbor, has moved in across the hall. Leonard immediately becomes interested in her, while Sheldon feels his friend is chasing a dream he'll never catch. Later, Leonard invites Penny to his and Sheldon's apartment, where she gets to meet their friends Howard Wolowitz, a wannabe ladies man, and Rajesh Koothrappali, who is so shy he cannot speak to women.

102-The Big Bran Hypothesis
When Sheldon and Leonard go over to Penny's apartment to drop off a box of flat pack furniture that came for her, Sheldon is deeply disturbed when he sees how messy and disorganized her apartment appears. Later that night, while Penny sleeps, Sheldon sneaks into her apartment to clean and organize it; Leonard catches him and reluctantly helps him clean.

103-The Fuzzy Boots Corollary
When Leonard sees Penny kissing a guy in front of her apartment door, he is devastated thinking she has "rejected" him. The guys convince him to ask someone out at work, so he asks out fellow scientist Leslie Winkle (Sara Gilbert), who preemptively turns him down. As Leonard slips deeper into his depression, which involves thinking about buying a cat, Sheldon points out that he was not actually rejected by Penny, as he had not asked her out.

104-The Luminous Fish Effect
Sheldon is fired from his job as a physicist at the university when he insults his new boss Dr. Eric Gablehauser (Mark Harelik). His change of circumstance sends him into a downward spiral of depression which Leonard tries to cure by sending for Sheldon's mom, Mary Cooper (Laurie Metcalf). When she arrives for a visit, the boys realize she is completely the opposite of what they expected: she is sweet and down-to-earth, if culturally ignorant, and a devout Christian.

105-The Hamburger Postulate
While eating at the Cheesecake Factory where Penny works, the guys run into Leslie Winkle (Sara Gilbert) and she suggests that Leonard play in her string quartet as they are in need of a new cellist. Later, after the practice in Leonard and Sheldon's apartment, Leslie offers herself to Leonard.

106-The Middle-Earth Paradigm
The guys are invited to Penny's Halloween party, first turning it down as they don't dance but changing their mind when costumes are mentioned. At the party, the guys have problems socializing; for example, Sheldon is unable to explain his costume as the Doppler effect, and Raj cannot speak to women. Later, Penny's ex-boyfriend Kurt (Brian Wade) shows up and confronts Leonard, causing him to leave.

107-The Dumpling Paradox
Penny's promiscuous friend Christy (Brooke D'Orsay) from Nebraska is in town, and ends up being seduced by Howard. The pair takes over Penny's apartment, causing her to sleep on Leonard and Sheldon's couch for the night. With Howard gone, Penny takes his place playing Halo 3, causing Sheldon much distress as she is naturally good at it.

108-The Grasshopper Experiment
Raj introduces his parents, Dr. and Mrs. V.M. Koothrappali (Brian George and Alice Amter), via webcam to his friends. However, Raj immediately becomes overwhelmed after his parents try to arrange a date with Lalita Gupta (Sarayu Rao), a childhood friend, as he cannot talk to women. Meanwhile, Penny takes up bar tending for some extra money. As she practices mixing drinks with the guys, they discover that after a few drinks Raj can actually talk to women.

109-The Cooper-Hofstadter Polorization
Cleaning up after an internet experiment, Leonard discovers a letter in the trash can. He and Sheldon had been invited to present some research they had done together at a physics conference. However Sheldon does not believe in such things and says if he won't go, no one can. Leonard defies him and says he will go and present the findings on his own. This causes a rift between the two which Penny tries to mend but accidentally makes worse.

110-The Loobenfield Decay
Penny was given a part in Rent, though after hearing her sing extremely off-key Leonard lies to avoid seeing her performance so he won't hurt her feelings. Sheldon becomes worried that Leonard's lie was not good enough, so he creates an intricate lie about his non-existent drug addicted cousin "Leopold Houston", who was in need of an intervention.

111-The Pancake Batter Anomoly
Penny returns from visiting family in Nebraska and as she picks up her mail from Leonard, she mentions most of her relatives got sick. Sheldon freaks out as, according to Leonard, he is a germophobe. Sure enough, Sheldon becomes sick and instantly becomes the biggest pain possible.

112-The Jerusalem Duality
Sheldon is envious when he meets 15-year-old child prodigy Dennis Kim (Austin Lee). Losing faith in his research, Sheldon annoys his friends by criticizing their work. Deciding his work in physics is useless, he aims for the Nobel Peace Prize by attempting to solve the Middle East conflicts.

113-The Bat Jar Conjecture
The guys decide to compete in a physics bowl after finding out that strong competitors have dropped out. However, they find Sheldon's showboating too much and kick him off the team. Upset, Sheldon vows to form his own team and compete against them.

114-The Nerdvana Annihilation
Online, Leonard buys a replica time machine from the 1960 film, The Time Machine, believing it to be a miniature, though it turns out to be full-sized. As the boys move it into the apartment, they accidentally make Penny late for work, Penny is furious and lashes out at Leonard for his nerdy ways. Upset, Leonard decides to get rid of all his collectibles, while his friends try to convince him not to.

115-The Pork Chop Indeterminacy
The guys see an attractive woman in Sheldon's office, and they become even more surprised when Sheldon introduces her as his fraternal twin sister, Missy (Courtney Henggeler). After meeting her, Raj decides to take part in a drug trial to cure his inability to talk to women, and Leonard insists she stay with them at the apartment. Naturally, the boys instantly try to hit on her, causing Penny to come to her rescue.

116-The Peanut Reaction
When the boys dine at Penny's restaurant, she finds out that Leonard has never had a birthday party, as his parents didn't believe in celebrating anything but achievements. She decides to throw him a surprise party, and blackmails Sheldon to join her.

117-The Tangerine Factor
Penny is furious and breaks up with her boyfriend after he posted details about their sex life on his blog. Meanwhile, Sheldon asks Howard to teach him Mandarin as he's convinced the Chinese restaurant is selling "Tangerine chicken" yet is really using oranges.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Please share....Don't hit and run...Seed it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)
-------------------------------------------------------------------