Singam puli movie free download

Starting: Jeeva, Divya Spandana, Livingston, Santhanam and Lakshmi Ramakrishnan

Music: Mani Sharma

Production: S. Parthi and S.S. Vasan

Cinematographer: M.S. Prabhu

Story, Screenplay and Direction: Sairamani

Singam Puli Movie Free Download

The Singam Puli movie produced by S. Parthiban and S.S. Srinivasan for Silverline Film Factory. story, screenplay and direction of singam puli is Sairamani

Divya Spandana plays the female lead. Jeeva plays a dual role as lawyer and a fisher in a fishmarket. Singam Puli music is by Mani Sharma.

M.S. Prabhu of Ayan fame is the cinematographer. Livingston,Santhanam and Lakshmi Ramakrishnan are part of the cast.

Singam Puli is launched

Silver line Film Factory managed by S.Parthi and S.S Vaasan steps into cinema for the first time to produce the movie titled ‘Singam Puli’. For the first time Jeeva, the lead hero of the movie plays dual role. Divya Spandana is his lead pair. One character of Jeeva enacts a man who sells fish.Singam Puli is set to roll camera very soon!

Jeeva on busy schedules! - Ko, Singam Puli, Vandhan Vendran, Roudram

Singam puli movie free download Jeeva is one actor who's always ready to accept new and challenging roles. Siva Manasula Sakthi threw light on his abilities to excel in a light-hearted role with varied shades of emotions. On his own terms, the actor has made commendable progress ever since he started acting under his home banner of Super Good Films.

Audiences appreciated how this talented youngster shone in his challenging roles in Raam and Katrathu Tamizh. Jiiva's unique attempts have always won him astounding laurels. He is often considered as a special actor who has the ability to come up with spellbinding looks and performances in all his films.

His upcoming films includes Ko, Singam Puli, Vandhan Vendran and Roudram. Ko, which features him as a photo journalist, is an edge-of-the-seat thriller directed by cinematographer-turned-filmmaker K.V. Anand. Vandhan Vendran is a crime thriller directed by Kannan, an associate of Mani Ratnam. There are also reports that Gemini Film Circuit approached Jeeva to enact the role of Sharman Joshi in the Tamil remake of 3 Idiots. Looks like all izz well for this actor!

Singam puli movie free download

After a commercial outing in ‘Kacheri Aarambam’, Jeeva is working on ‘Singam Puli’, a film that will feature him in a dual role for the first time. For the actor will play the hero as well as villain in the movie directed by Sai Ramani.

‘Singam puli’ features Divya Spandana and Soundarya as heroines. Produced by Silverline Film Factory, the film would have Santhanam, Ponvannan, Kuyili, Pandu, Meera Krishnan and Manickam Vinayakam as the supporting cast.

Says Jeeva, “I play a double role for the first time. The story is racy and interesting. It is a great delight to be part of the project. Acting in two different roles is no doubt a challenging task. I am enjoying it thoroughly.”

Apart from ‘Singam Puli’, Jeeva is currently acting in ‘Ko, Vandhan Vendran’ and ‘Roudram’. ‘Ko’ features him in the role of a photo-journalist and is directed by cinematographer-turned-filmmaker K V Anand.

Jeeva plays a dual role in Singam Puli

Singam puli movie free download Singam Puli  This is the new film to be produced by S Parthiban and SS Vasan on behalf of Silverline Film Factory. For the first time in his career, Jeeva plays a dual role and is paired with Divya Spandana of polladhavan fame. After the terrific success of Siva Manasula Sakthi, the Jeeva-Santhanam Jodi is all set to keep you in splits in this film.

Almost every major Kollywood hero has tasted success when he has played a dual role. Unit sources reveal that the dual role played by Jeeva in this film will be equally memorable and unique.The film is touted to be an action entertainer with large doses of comedy. To Jeeva, who has been doing a variety of roles, this will be another feather in his cap. He plays the role of a fish vendor. A three-acre set of a fish market has been constructed for the filming.

Visual effects by Venky are touted be another highlight. Debutant director Sai Ramani has worked under big names like KR, Sureshkrissna and SP Jananathan.

shooting for the film will start by June and will take place in the exotic locations of Hyderabad, Vizag, Singapore, Malaysia and a few European countries.