Absolutely Adorable [DvdRip].avi
 
Description:
Swan is a restless dreamer and sometimes she isn't sure where reality  stops and fantasyland begins. She enlists her two best girlfriends, the  Snow Queen and Pete Finch, to go on a strange and mysterious quest - a  quest that ends with one of the most original twist endings ever. Along  the way, they encounter political assassination plans, a journey through  the Tunnel of Twat and a visit to the Land of Fidget Quim. For  absurdist adventure spiked with the trademark Jim Holiday sex scenes,  Kylie Wilde is Absolutely Adorable." That said, if you're still  interested in the movie, it was a return to the days of no condoms  thanks to the change in ownership, a fact not dwelt upon in the  commentary but certainly a change of pace considering how frequent a  topic it was in previous commentaries. Here's a brief look at the  scenes, the cast identities coming from Jim on the commentary track in  several cases:

Scene One: Katie Morgan, a very cute gal with a helium pitched  voice, was up before the opening credits in a very scene with Kurt  Lockwood on the outdoor porch. The majority of it was not oral but  strictly vaginal. It wasn't bad but there really wasn't much effective  use of Katie in my opinion.

Scene Two: Violet Blue, playing an assassin wearing black  clothing in the woods as she brandished her super squirter water  bazooka, had the first post-credit scene with her assistant, Alex  Sanders. She blew him with some energy and he went down on her (with an  emphasis on her asshole) with some equivalent vigor. The sex went  straight to anal and she wasn't particularly active at first but she did  come around in this wooded scenario (on a large comforter). I was  surprised to see that no condoms were used, likely thanks to Hustler's  purchase of the company, as well as the repeated use of Kylie dreaming  with her perfect pucker in the air. It ended when he popped a load onto  her ass, cutting back to the dreaming Kylie waking up.

Scene Three: Jessica Darlin, a blonde with a lean body and  attractive face, was up next outside with a then lean Kurt Lockwood. She  left lots of slobber trails as she blew him, gagging as she worked his  dick before they started screwing vaginally to the melody. She was loud  and proud about the sex, actively bouncing on his lap in a scene that  was better than any of her work I saw when she was under contract to  Extreme Associates. She moved to anal and showed herself to be just as  aggressive with a cock in her ass, using dirty talk better than most of  the others in the movie and doing ATM without any reservation. He popped  on her face and the scene cutaway to some plot material.

Scene Four: Felix Vicious, Tanya Danielle, Cassie Young, Avy  Scott, Honey, and Kylie Wilde, were up next in a lesbian tryst on the  sanding ground of the coral, shot at twilight with the peacocks  strutting about. Initially, Kylie tasted all of them and then they broke  into groups when Steve Hatcher spirited away Honey for the next scene.  The rimming and other oral tricks were plentiful, using a nice gentle  method over the hyper aggressive style too many of Jim's peers seemed to  favor. All of the ladies except for Felix took a toy in their ass, with  the scene getting me really hot. It ended with Kylie as the focal point  of the fun, Avy pummeling her pussy with the vibrator and her fingers.  Whew!

Scene Five: Honey, looking fairly lean compared to some of her  scenes back then, had the related scene with Steve Hatcher on the floor  of the barn. The oral was best when she was blowing him and had her ass  in the air, but the manner in which she savored his tasty cock by slowly  inhaling his rod was fine. The vaginal was short and the anal was too  passive but this was another case when the gal cranked up the heat to  ride him like she was possessed. The pop was okay but in general, the  scene was well done.

Scene Six: Taylor Rain, Serena South, Amber Rain, Kylie Wilde,  Lana Cox/Moore, Nautica Thorn, Honey, and Steve Hatcher, were up next in  the coral during the heat of the day. Steve was lucky enough to tap a  couple of them although the ladies paired off and took turns with each  other more often than that. Taylor got some of the best boning  (especially the anal), as did Honey, with the two taking the facial  nicely. It was a very different scene in that most of the ladies had no  contact with him but porn conventions dictate that if a gal is in a  scene, she has to paw and perform with the guys in most cases.

Scene Seven: Kylie Wilde, Nautica Thorn, Serena South, and Lana  Moore/Cox, were up in bed for the finale as the lesbian quartet worked  each other orally. There was a lot of rimming and this was the only  scene that had substantial foot fetish material (Nautica sucking toes  first). The commentary provided some interesting anecdotes of the scene,  with both Kylie and Jim carrying on like crazy (discussing how much he  wanted to use Lana again but when he called her, finding her number  disconnected). There were no toys used though and the ending had no  point where I knew it ended until the cuddling.

Tags: Hardcore, Straight, XxX, Adult

Resolution:  720x480       

Duration:    01:30:23       
	
Size:	     1.07 Gb     

Screens:
 
http://www.starpix.us/share-2D93_4DC9842A.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/share-04D1_4DC9842A.html
 
http://www.starpix.us/share-A6F2_4DC9842A.html


