Game Booster Premium v2.2 (File v2.3.0.113) by LnDL 

BIG thanks to DM999
 
http://bayimg.com/IadmEaaDJ

PLEASE READ INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS


Designed to help optimize your PC for smoother, more responsive game play in the latest PC games with the touch of a button, Game Booster helps achieve the performance edge previously only available to highly technical enthusiasts.

It works by updating hardware drivers, downloading essential gaming tools, tweaking system settings for gaming, defragmenting game directories, temporarily shutting down background processes, cleaning RAM, and intensifying processor performance.

Works compatible with PunkBuster, Cheating-Death, VAC, and any other anti-cheat software, Game Booster makes it simpler to enjoy the latest games and take your experience to a new level. All systems go!

Key Benefits in Game Booster v2
1-Click Boosting Game Performance Enhanced
Game Booster v2 can easily and fast close background processes and unnecessary Windows services, to speed up you game playing and avoid possible conflicts and incompatibility. With the innovative "Enhanced 3rd parties' services detection" technology, Game Booster v2 can automatically detect and close more unnecessary background services.

Create Your Own Game Box New!
Add and manage your games in a small box and boost the game automatically with Game Booster v2 when launching.

Install Latest Drivers New!
PC gamers know how important to install new drivers for modern PC games. Now Game Booster v2 keeps every game's specialized drivers up-to-date, including drivers for video/sound cards.

Get Useful Tools New!
Game Booster v2 Simplifies and speeds downloading and updating of necessary game software like Ventrilio and Steam, to enjoy better gaming experience.

Defragments Game Files Enhanced
With the improved defragment engine, Game Booster v2 can quickly defragment game directories and files, to make your games load and run faster than ever.

Tweak System for Top PC Performance New!
Game Booster v2 can tweak your PC for the ultimate system and Internet speed with a single click.

Fine Tune-up Game Settings New!
Fine-tune mouse, keyboard, and specialized game controllers with ease

Intuitive and Vibrant Interface New!
Game Booster v2 takes on a vibrant look that greatly appeals to most gamers. The interface is also intuitive for complete computer beginners.

Safe, and Secure
Game Booster v2 does not overclock your hardware. Game Booster v2 is without any virus, adware, and spyware.

Game Booster v2 Product Specs
Current Version: 2.2
File Size: 6.64 MB
Operating System: Designed for Windows 7, Vista, XP and 2000
Release Date: Jan. 10, 2011
Designed to: Make your games running at peak performance.



Installation:
1. Extract and Install.
2. Block this app with your Firewall.
3. Copy Patch and Cracked File From Patch Folder to Installation Folder
4. Run Patch as Administrator and Click on [Patch]
5. Run Keygen as Administrator and Generate a Serial (Click on [Generate]).
Keygen Requires .Net Framework 4 !!!
6. Run App and Register with Serial.
7. Press OK on the error message, Close and Restart App.
Enjoy !!!