Description:

Technical Data

Ashampoo Burning Studio v11.0.4.8 Final Multilanguage

 | 172 MB | WinXP / Vista / Seven

Description

Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is ...



... Even better.

Ashampoo Burning Studio is adapted to the new technology to consistently meet their needs. Therefore, not only includes all the popular features of the tasks of recording, but also provides ideal solutions for "smartphones", social networking, cloud services and modern multi-core processors.



... Incredibly fast.

Regarding speed Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is in the lead. With its new multi-core support for the preparation of video content, can get very high speeds with extremely fast recording results.



... Compact.

The new mode Compact, stylish and modern design, is always available on the desktop and includes the most important features for anyone who want to record data quickly.



... Everywhere.

Today, we access our data either through social networks and the cloud or through other online services. This change has also been influential in the latest features of the program. You now have access to contended with online resources such as Facebook, Flickr, Picasa or Dropbox.



... Comfortable.

With the new dialog, select and add media has become incredibly comfortable. Through a single interface can access all available resources, both internal (eg hard drives) and external (eg digital cameras) or online (eg Flickr). You can see the selected files using the integrated viewer and also add to your project.



... Multimedia software.

Presentations of their Flickr photos, audio CDs, Blu-ray HD video, video CDs or disks safeguards are only a few of the many ideas of how to use your Ashampoo Burning Studio.



... Easy to use.

From the simple user interface to the Compact Mode, Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is extremely friendly and intuitive so that even new users can start their projects immediately.



... Everything you need.



Features and Enhancements Audio and video

Innovative, compact and incredibly fast

Despite the large number of new features, Ashampoo Burning Studio is true once again the premise of being a light burning software, easy to use and reliable. It has inspired new and innovative features, incredible upgrades and a huge acceleration under the umbrella of a spectacular user interface and intuitive. Read and learn more about Ashampoo Burning Studio offers 11.



New file dialog

Now it is easier to add files to our projects with the new dialogue. It can access any content available. You can browse the hard disk, read the storage device from your digital camera or smartphone, or even access the contents of your social network account or other online service.



Burn files and folders

You can easily burn data to CD, DVD or Blu-ray format discs start automatically or update records and recorded. Compact mode is perfect for recording data.



Burn movies

Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 lets you create video discs from different sources and formats. For example, Blu-ray from a folder ready, super video CDs or DVDs.



DVD and Blu-ray writer

Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 makes creating DVDs or Blu-ray with individual menus without missing a brilliant design for the range of functions.



Create slideshow disks with photos and videos

Create amazing DVD / Blu-ray slideshows with your photos and videos by adding titles, logos, captions, transitions and background music.



Rip and burn music

You can rip music in different formats (eg MP3 or WMA) from CD and save them as audio CDs or MP3 or WMA collection on CD, DVD or Blu-ray.



Editor for covers and labels

The editor printed on labels or directly onto printable discs. The program also provides several themes to design their own templates.



Safeguard and restore data

Click safeguards your valuable data to one or more CD, DVD or Blu-ray. Safeguards can be burned to multiple discs.



Browse, create and record images

With Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 will not only create and record disc images, but also browse the disk images and extract files.



Advanced recording

Advanced users can create modified copies of existing discs (read the data structure and make changes and additions) and burn any kind of disc with full control of the main configuration options.



Copy discs

With a few clicks you can easily copy CDs, DVDs or Blu-ray. Simply select "Copy to CD / DVD / Blu-ray" in the main program menu, insert a blank disc and go.



Erase rewriteable discs

Features quick and easy erase rewritable discs for reuse.

System Requirements

Operating System:



* Windows ® XP, Windows Vista ®, Windows ® 7

* As a user of Windows ® XP, Windows Vista ® and Windows ® 7 must be connected with administrator rights.



PC:



* Any computer that runs any of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed, graphic card with resolution min. 800 x 600 with 1 MB of memory and 16-bit color Altor, and CD / DVD / BD.

* It is recommended to record Video Discs and Photo Albums Presentations: DirectX 9 capable GPU with hardware pixel attenuator v2.0, resolution min. of 1024 x 768 with 128 MB of graphics memory and 32-bit monitor (true color).



CPU:



* 1200 MHz (or higher) x86/x64 CPU, 3000 MHz is recommended for burning discs and video discs slideshows.



RAM and disk space:



* 1024 MB RAM (2 GB for Blu-ray Video)

* Hard Disk Space 380 MB, additional space for image files and temporary (5 GB recommended, 50-100 GB for Video Blu-ray).

* For best performance are recommended: 2 GB RAM or more.



Software:



* We recommend Windows Media Player 9 or higher DirectX 9.0c required for GPU acceleration.



You need to use LightScribe:



* LightScribe System Software 1.17.90.1 and Microsoft. NET Framework 4.0



Recent Changes

Changes in 11.0.4:



* Improved handling of audio projects

* Improved FileBrowser

Some minor issues * Fixed
