



  



	

MDK 2 HD (c) Overhaul Games

Release On: 22 October 2011
Disk Amount/Format: 1 CD ISO
Type of Game: Action
Media Protection: Custom

Release Information:

Kurt Hectic is back to save the universe. This time he is teamed with the
genius Dr. Hawkins and the 6-legged gun-toting robotic dog, Max. Together
they must out-sneak, out-blast and out-think their enemies as they
attempt to reclaim earth from a vile alien menace

And this time he's in HD

Overhaul Games brings MDK2 back to the PC in incredible high definition
with enhanced graphics, sound, and gameplay. See the classic action
platformer the way it was meant to be seen, heard, and played on a PC!

Our crack team of commando developers have gone over every surface in the
game with a steam cleaner, a paintbrush, and a laser cutter to make it as
shiny and spectacular as possible. Your brain literally* won't be able to
tell the difference between the world of MDK2 HD and reality!

He sneaks, he snipes, he pops enemy eyeballs from a mile away! Kurt
Hectic, janitor aboard The Jim Dandy, has been pressed into the service
of mankind. He wears the mighty coil suit, an arousing and overpowering
instrument of utter annihilation!

He's your six-legged, uzi-toting best friend. Wreak havoc while running
and gunning with four different weapons simultaneously. Max may be the
robotic creation of Dr. Hawkins, but when it comes to delivering
overwhelming firepower, he's ALL MAN!

His brilliant puzzle solving creates weapons of insane destruction. A
mind is a wonderful thing to waste aliens with! Dr. Hawkins is no
stranger to mad science, having created all manner of sensational and
terrifying gadgetry - but will it be enough to stop the alien menace?

Burn/mount, install, copy crack, play!

Additional Notes:

This has of course the latest updates included!


System requirements:

Windows XP/Vista/Win 7,
3 GHz Pentium D CPU,
GeForce GT 120/Radeon HD 2600 XT or better graphics card,
1 GB RAM,
1 GB hard-drive space,
DirectX 9