Amazon.co.uk Review
If you were hoping for the end of the world to make your organisational difficulties disappear, don't panic: Microsoft Works 2000 gives you all the power you need to run your home life. The integrated programs are easy to install and give users a word processor, spreadsheet, database, and address book--all for about 10 percent of the cost of Office 2000.

The programs are much simpler to learn how to use, primarily because they don't have bewildering arrays of optional or rarely used features users have to decipher. Common uses for this software include entering phone numbers, tracking important dates or financial data, and letter writing.

If you're used to using Office-level applications, Works might take some getting used to, like a new car that requires you to switch from automatic to manual transmission. Both mechanisms work fine, but the difference in operation is enough to make a switch between them mildly challenging. Features included in Works are minimal but useful, except in the word processor, which is surprisingly powerful for the price. One aspect of Works that assists in the transition is the Task Launcher, a program that gathers all the other applications together for you and offers a handy way to organize your work.

Humble but lovable--Microsoft Works 2000 is perfect for the home office manager on a budget. --Rob Lightner, amazon.com
Product Description
Microsoft Works 2000 gives you the essential tools for your home PC, including a word processor, spreadsheet, database, calendar, and address book--all in one easy-to-use package. Create accurate, stylish documents using the formatting tools and spelling and grammar checkers in the improved word processor. Then, personalise your work with thousands of clip-art images. A user-friendly calendar lets you schedule events and keep track of family activities and special occasions. You'll always know who needs to be where and when. Use the spreadsheet to create and format charts effortlessly. And you never have to worry about calculations or formulae--EasyCalc does it all for you. 