IF YOU DO NOT OWN A PHYSICAL COPY OF THE HARRY POTTER SERIES, GO OUT AND BUY IT.

** These files are meant ONLY for those who have purchased the books and lament the lack of any eBook releases by the author. ** 



The eBooks in this set are converted from the RTF files of BeB's "Harry Potter 1-7 Reference Quality eBook Collection" set.

However, a few minor formatting adjustments have been made and thus the files converted to EPUB (for compatible eReaders- eg. BN Nook or Sony PRS) and AZW (for Amazon Kindle).

The conversion process has created a Table of Contents for each book, and each AZW has been confirmed to contain chapter markers for ease of navigation on Kindle.

The cover images for each book have been taken from the UK Adult Paperback versions (which I prefer), though the text is from the US version.

----

:::UPDATED VERSION:::

I originally posted a torrent after having converted these ebooks from BeB's RTFs with only minor formatting adjustments. However, I discovered shortly afterward that there are errors in BeB's RTFs that I wasn't aware of (eg. Book 7: Ch. 28's text was identical to Ch. 27, meaning 28's text was missing). 
These errors have been corrected and resubmitted in this torrent.

----

I released this torrent for the following reasons:

1) I recently obtained a Kindle and found that, though there were .prc ebooks available elsewhere, BeB's .rtf's had superior formatting. It baffles me that several HP "ebook" torrents made available are just PDFs, which are not at all designed for variable font sizes and formatting, and other such abilities of modern ebook readers.

2) Though BeB's .rtf's are excellent, I noticed a few formatting issues at first after converting it for Kindle, and decided to share my edit.

3) As I did have to tinker with conversion settings to make the Table of Contents appear properly for my Kindle, I suspect many will appreciate not needing to have to mess with it.

Note: Conversion of these AZW/ePUB ebooks was performed using Calibre v0.7.44




** These files are meant ONLY for those who have purchased the books and lament the lack of any eBook releases by the author. ** 


IF YOU DO NOT OWN A PHYSICAL COPY OF THE HARRY POTTER SERIES, GO OUT AND BUY IT.