Daryl Hall

Daryl Hall started Live From Daryl’s House, the free monthly web show in late 2007, after having the idea of “playing with my friends and putting it up on the Internet,” and the show has since garnered acclaim from Rolling Stone, SPIN, Daily Variety, CNN, BBC, Yahoo! Music and influential blogger Bob Lefsetz, who have cited Live From Daryl’s House as a perfect example of a veteran artist reinventing himself in the digital age by collaborating with both established colleagues and newer performers. Past episodes of Live from Daryl’s House have featured a mix of well-known performers like Smokey Robinson, The Doors’ Robby Krieger and Ray Manzarek, Nick Lowe, K.T. Tunstall, Todd Rundgren, Gym Class Heroes’ Travis McCoy, Fall Out Boy’s Patrick Stump, Finger Eleven’s James Black and Rick Jackett, the Bacon Brothers and country star Jimmy Wayne, along with newcomers such as Philly soul singer Mutlu, Canadian techno-rockers Chromeo, MySpace pop-rock phenom Eric Hutchinson, Cash Money rocker Kevin Rudolf, Wind-up Records’ Chicago rockers Company of Thieves, Bay Area singer/songwriter Matt Nathanson, Charlottesville, VA’s rising Parachute, Chicago rock band Plain White T’s and highly touted tunesmith Diane Birch. Daryl Hall has had the great good fortune, in his own words, of “being in the right place at the right time” for what has turned out a rich and varied career. He has worked with virtually all of the great musicians of modern popular music as well as entering into new relationships with the best of the latest generation of artists. Starting his career as a teenager on the streets of Philadelphia, he quickly formed creative affiliations with such artists as Smokey Robinson, the Temptations and many other top soul singers of the ‘60s. He began his recording career with Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, working as both an artist and session musician. In 1972, he formed a partnership with childhood friend John Oates and embarked on a 30-odd year creative journey. In addition to his work with Oates, he has made music as a solo artist, first recording with Robert Fripp in the late ‘70s, producing the much-acclaimed Sacred Songs as well as working on Fripp’s critically praised Exposure. From the mid-’70s to the mid-’80s, Daryl and John would score six #1 singles, including “Rich Girl” (also #1 R&B;), “Kiss on My List,” “Private Eyes,” “I Can’t Go For That (No Can Do) (also #1 R&B;), “Maneater” and “Out of Touch” from their six consecutive multi-platinum albums—’76’s Bigger Than Both of Us, ’80’s Voices, ’81’s Private Eyes, ‘82’s H2O, ‘83’s Rock N Soul, Part I and ‘84’s Big Bam Boom. The era would also produce an additional 5 Top 10 singles, “Sara Smile,” “One on One,” “You Make My Dreams,” “Say It Isn’t So” and “Method of Modern Love.” Daryl also wrote the H&O; single "Everytime You Go Away," which singer Paul Young scored a number-one hit with a cover of the song in 1985. That same year, Daryl and John, participated in the historic “We Are the World” session as well as closing the Live Aid show in Philadelphia. In 1986, Daryl made an album with Dave Stewart, Three Hearts in the Happy Ending Machine, which spawned two top ten hits. By 1987, the R.I.A.A. recognized Daryl Hall and John Oates as the NUMBER-ONE SELLING DUO in music history, a record they still hold today. Daryl has recorded such solo works as Soul Alone in 1993 and Can’t Stop Dreaming in 2003, both of which were well received with international critical acclaim. In November of 2007 Daryl created his latest project: a monthly web series, Live from Daryl’s House (http://www.livefromdarylshouse.com). The show recently won the 2010 WEBBY Award in the Variety Category. Past episodes of Live from Daryl’s House have featured a mix of well-known performers like Train, Rob Thomas, Smokey Robinson, The Doors’ Robby Krieger and Ray Manzarek, Nick Lowe, K.T. Tunstall, Todd Rundgren, Gym Class Heroes’ Travis McCoy, Fall Out Boy’s Patrick Stump, Finger Eleven’s James Black and Rick Jackett, the Bacon Brothers and country star Jimmy Wayne, along with newcomers such as Philly soul singer Mutlu, Canadian techno-rockers Chromeo, pop-rock phenom Eric Hutchinson, Cash Money rocker Kevin Rudolf, Wind-up Records’ Chicago rockers Company of Thieves, Bay Area singer/songwriter Matt Nathanson, Charlottesville, VA’s rising Parachute, Plain White T’s, Fitz and the Tantrums, Diane Birch and Sharon Jones and The Dap Kings. Daryl started the free monthly web show in late 2007 after having the idea of “playing with my friends and putting it up on the Internet,” and the show has since garnered acclaim from Rolling Stone, SPIN, Daily Variety, CNN, BBC, Yahoo! Music and influential blogger Bob Lefsetz, who have cited Live From Daryl’s House as a perfect example of a veteran artist reinventing himself in the digital age by collaborating with both established colleagues and newer performers.