Relativity: A Very Short Introduction
Russell Stannard
bookshot Add to Cart
ISBN13: 9780199236220ISBN10: 0199236224 Paperback, 144 pages
Jul 2008,  In Stock
Price:
$11.95 (03)
Shipping Details
See more from the series

    Very Short Introductions

    Description
    Features
    Product Details
    Author Information

Description
If you move at high speed, time slows down, space squashes up and you get heavier. Travel fast enough and you could weigh as much as a jumbo jet, be flattened thinner than a CD without feeling a thing-and live forever! As for the angles of a triangle, they do not always have to add up to 180 degrees. And then, of course, there are black holes. These are but a few of the extraordinary consequences of Einstein's theory of relativity. It is now over a hundred years since he made these discoveries, and yet the general public is still largely unaware of them. Filled with illuminating anecdotes and fascinating accounts of experiments, this book aims to introduce the interested lay person to the subject of relativity in a way which is accessible and engaging and at the same time scientifically rigorous. With relatively few mathematical equations--nothing more complicated than the Pythagoras's Theorem--this VSI packs a lot time into very little space, and for anyone who has felt intimidated by Einstein's groundbreaking theory, it offers the perfect place to start.

About the Series: Combining authority with wit, accessibility, and style, Very Short Introductions offer an introduction to some of life's most interesting topics. Written by experts for the newcomer, they demonstrate the finest contemporary thinking about the central problems and issues in hundreds of key topics, from philosophy to Freud, quantum theory to Islam.
Features

    Explains both the Special Theory of Relativity, and the General Theory, and how they differed from existing Newtonian and Euclidian concepts of space and time
    Looks at the evidence that gave rise to the theory of relativity, and how it has been tested and proved since
    Explains the bizarre conclusions of relativity--from space and time contraction to the famous "Twin Paradox"--in an accessible and clear way
    Shows how relativity isn't just applicable to abstract, far-flung physics--it not only has implications in the study of the cosmos, black holes, and gravitational lensing, but also has applications in everyday technologies such as GPS
    Explores the very latest developments and experiments in the field
    Part of the bestselling Very Short Introductions series--over two million copies sold worldwide

Product Details
144 pages; 15 line drawings; ISBN13: 978-0-19-923622-0ISBN10: 0-19-923622-4
About the Author(s)

Russell Stannard is Emeritus Professor of Physics at the Open University. A prolific writer for both adults and children, his books are translated into 20 languages and have been shortlisted for many scientific book prizes. His trilogy of Uncle Albert books introduces children of 10+ to relativity and quantum theory. He is the co-author, with Paul Davies, of The God Experiment.
