Music : Indie : Lossless








Cowboy Junkies - The Nomad Series Vol. 3 Sing in My Meadow (2011)(Indie Folk Rock Alt. Country)(HQ Artwork Scans Included)(Retail CD Rip)(FLAC Tracks)












Cowboy Junkies are a Canadian alternative country band. The group was formed in Toronto in 1985 by Margo (vocalist), Michael (songwriter, guitarist) and Peter Timmins (drummer) and Alan Anton (bassist).

The Junkies first performed publicly at the Beverley Tavern and other clubs in Toronto's Queen Street West, including The Rivoli. Their 1986 debut album, produced by Canadian producer Peter Moore, was the blues-inspired Whites Off Earth Now!!, recorded using an ambisonic microphone in the family garage.

The group's fame spread with their second album, The Trinity Session, recorded in 1987 at Toronto's Church of the Holy Trinity. Their sound, again using the ambisonic microphone, and their mix of blues, country, folk, rock and jazz earned them both critical attention and a cult following. The Los Angeles Times named the recording as one of the ten best albums of 1988.

The band was nominated for Group of the Year at the Juno Awards in 1990 and 1991. In the early 1990s Margo Timmins was named "one of the fifty most beautiful people in the world" by People Magazine. The group has continued to tour North America, Europe, Japan and Australia with extensive North American and European tours following album releases in 2002 and 2004. In 2008, they released Trinity Revisited in celebration of the 20th anniversary of the original recording of The Trinity Session.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cowboy_Junkies









THE NOMAD SERIES

The Nomad Series (Volume 1 – 4)

Over the next 18 months (May 1, 2010 – Nov 1, 2011, give or take a few weeks), we will be releasing four albums, which will collectively be called The Nomad Series. The idea was born in the tumult of a perfect storm of ideas, influences, inspirations and timing. We have just launched our new website and want to put it through its paces. For the first time in twenty years we are completely free of any recording contracts and obligations, we find ourselves writing and recording more than we have in years, our studio (The Clubhouse) feels more and more like home, the band now has twenty five years under the hood and is sounding so darn good…and then, added in to that mix, our friend Enrique Martinez Celaya, the brilliant and inspired Cuban-American painter, dropped these four spectacular paintings (a series of paintings called “Nomad”) into our laps, and it became clear that we needed to release four albums, with his paintings as our ground. And that we needed the challenge of doing so under an intense release schedule.

But, primarily, the main reason for wanting to do a series of four albums is that, as we steam through our 25th year, we feel that we have the energy and inspiration to pull it off. We have been talking about what to do for our next album release for several months now. Our problem hasn’t been a dearth of ideas, but rather, a surplus. We have over two dozen new songs written, many of which we have been performing live over the past year or so, and many more sketches of songs that are just waiting to be fleshed out. There are also many “alternative” recording projects that we have discussed, which wouldn’t necessarily take the place of a “new-studio-album” release, but which we feel are vital to our health as a band and which we feel would be of interest to our audience (that’s you folks). So, four albums in 18 months seem to be the way to go….

The Nomad Series will break down in the following manner:

Renmin Park (Volume 1): a song cycle inspired by a three month stay that Mike’s family had in China, an other-worldly experience. The album will be comprised of all new original material except for two cover songs written by a couple of legends on the Chinese music scene.

Demons (Volume 2): for some time now we have been batting around the idea of doing an album of conceptually linked cover songs (anyone who has followed us over the years knows that we love our cover songs and that they are a big part of who we are), but we couldn’t find that key that made sense to any of us. And then, this past Christmas, our friend Vic Chesnutt died. We had been discussing with Vic, off and on for the past couple of years, about doing a Chesnutt/Junkies album. During one of the last conversation that I had with Vic, he mentioned that he was working on a series of songs about his childhood that he wanted to bring to the collaboration. So, it only seems fitting that we record an album of Vic’s songs. His catalogue is so deep and for the most part, so overlooked. It will be a labour of love.

Sing In My Meadow (Volume 3): The third album in Cowboy Junkies’ four volume Nomad Series is something of an indulgence for the band and fans alike.
In explaining the thinking behind its conception, Michael Timmins explains: “The idea behind Sing In My Meadow was to create an album that references an aspect of our live performances that we don’t dig into very much in our studio recordings.
“We wanted the album to revolve around those psychedelic, blues-inspired forays we are so fond of exploring on stage. So, this past February the live band (the four of us plus Jeff Bird) gathered in our studio to record all of these songs over a four-day period.
“We approach them all live off-the-floor: nasty and dirty and disturbing the cold winter’s nights peace.”
In doing so, the Junkies attempted to channel Miles at the Isle of Wight, deep in his Bitches Brew phase, or Captain Beefheart and his Mirror Man psychoses.
The result is sometimes meandering and depressing, at other times exhilarating. It’s a mixed bag but one worth opening.
They’re definitely at their most indulgent late on, when A Bride’s Price and I Move On allow for extended guitar solos and half-cooked, psychedelic vocals. And there are times during the midst of both of these that the patience of all but the most ardent fan may be tested.
But when they hook it up and open up, there are some breakout treats to be had.
3rd Crusade, for instance, combines a funky bass with some outstanding electric guitar… almost as though David Holmes had wondered onto the scene and offered to lend a hand. It drops a really cool vibe and is exactly what the album needed at that point to inject some life.
Late Night Radio, conversely, has a deliciously bluesy vibe, with added reverb at times, that is great just for kicking back to and allowing to wash over you. The vocals, too, are extremely dusky.
Sing In My Meadow, meanwhile, adds some slide guitar into proceedings and yet again displays the excellent instrumental ability of this band, and Hunted is one of the liveliest guitar jams on the record, tip-toeing into almost Hendrix territory early on with a mighty fine opening.
Indeed, it’s fair to say that half of the album is great, with the other half more befitting a sombre, hang-dog mood. But as with most things that the Cowboy Junkies do, it’s all worth a listen.

The Wilderness (Volume 4): this will be an album of new songs. Some of these songs (Angel In The Wilderness, Fairytale, The Confession of Georgie E, etc) we have been playing live for the past year or so and they are bound to find their way on to this volume. There is also a whole set of new songs (and more that are yet to be written) that we will be unveiling on stage over the coming year. We’re not quite sure how these will form themselves into a cohesive album, but these things always work themselves out.
After 18 months and after the 4 volumes are released, we will be releasing a book that will delve into the character, nature and inspiration behind each of the volumes. Enrique’s publishing house, Whale and Star, will design and release the book (they also did our twenty year anniversary book XX).

Source: http://latentrecordings.com/cowboyjunkies/nomad_series/












Tracklist:

01. Continental Drift (5:07)
02. It's Heavy Down Here (5:08)
03. 3rd Crusade (4:11)
04. Late Night Radio (4:58)
05. Sing In My Meadow (4:30)
06. Hunted (4:30)
07. A Bride's Price (5:50)
08. I Move On (6:03)



Total Play Time: 40 minutes 17 seconds


Order: http://latentrecordings.com/cowboyjunkies/sing-in-my-meadow/










ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!




