Madeleine Peyroux - Standing on the Rooftop 

Original Release Date: 2011 
Audio CD: June 14, 2011
Label: Decca 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Editorial Reviews
From the Artist
"I have been building on the relationships I developed in co-writing, and something new has taken hold of me," Peyroux says. "This project is meant to be a wider dreamscape than previous recordings. I'm interested in exploring tougher sounds, even ugly sounds... trying to find something more raw than the voice that I have now, and in the accompaniment that I have become used to." 

Product Description
On Standing on the Rooftop there's one very interesting collaborator that may have the key to opening new doors is the Rolling Stones', Bill Wyman, whom Peyroux met at the Nice Jazz Festival while waiting to hear B.B. King, and the two then began writing together. A strong point for Peyroux this year was performing their song for the children of a displaced persons' camp in Port-au-Prince, Haiti this summer. The song, entitled 'The Kind You Can't Afford', Peyroux says, is a testament to owning what money can't buy. About the visit, she recounts, "I've had a sincere desire to be in Haiti ever since I started reading Edwidge Danticat, but never did visit before the storm. It was a life-changing experience which I'll always remember, and the songs I performed there will now always have that flavor of pure music and joy in my memory." Other current collaborators include Jonatha Brooke, David Batteau, Andy Rosen, and Jenny Scheinman. The new album is due to be released June 14th, 2011, and Peyroux plans to begin touring again in the US and Europe in early spring. "I think my fans are eager to hear something different," Peyroux says, and pauses with restraint before adding, "Music has grown into another place in my mind... I am the same singer that I was as a teen, that wants to grow into music, wherever it comes from. I don't believe I've given up anything. I've added to myself." Let's hope that that little air of restraint doesn't hold her back. 

This is a wonderful CD release by the jazz musician/composer Madeleine Peyroux, titled 'Standing On The Rooftop'. In this new CD (12 tracks) Madeleine Peyroux collaborates/song co-writing with Rolling Stones' Bill Wyman. The result is great jazz music, hopefully to make her prominent as if standing onto the rooftop. She has tour dates lined up for US & Europe to support this CD release. Stand-outs/gems/solid tracks include "I Threw It All Away" (wonderful guitar solo & melody), "Don't Pick A Fight With A Poet" & "Ophelia" (a slow track with a beautiful piano/guitar combination & melody). Great tracks include "Martha, My Dear" (great guitar/banjo combination & vocals), "The Kind You Can't Afford" (great guitar & vocals), "Fickle Dove" (great piano & vocals), "Lay You Sleeping Head, My Love" (a slow track with great melody, vocals & guitar), "Standing On The Rooftop" ('rough' guitar sound. This is the title track for this CD), "Love In Vain" (great violin/orchestral sound & vocals), "Meet Me In Rio" (great guitar solo & vocals) & "The Way Of All Things" (great harmonies, bass, melody & vocals). Okay track is "The Things I've Seen Today". On overall, this is a wonderful CD release (with collaboration with rocker Bill Wyman) by Madeleine Peyroux, a highly recommended CD listening. ~ M. Mariba "the teacher" 

Simply put, this is her best since "Careless Love." 
She makes the three covers (McCartney's "Martha, My Dear," Dylan's "I Threw It All Away" and Robert Johnson's "Love In Vain") her own, and her own originals are great. 
Instrumentally, this is an earthier, rootsier (is that a word?) CD than her previous CDs. 
There's a couple of times when I flash on Bonnie Raitt's music, circa "Nick Of Time," but I can't exactly say why. 
Her vocals are as good -if not better- than anything she's done previously. 
The whole thing is brimming with realized talent and self-confidence. ~ Jon Strand

Madeleine Peyroux - Standing on the Rooftop Tracks;
01  Martha, My Dear 2:32    
02  The Kind You Can't Afford 3:59    
03  The Things I've Seen Today 3:44    
04  Fickle Dove 3:27    
05  Lay Your Sleeping Head, My Love 3:22    
06  Standing On The Rooftop 5:46    
07  I Threw It All Away 3:13    
08  Love In Vain 3:38    
09  Don't Pick A Fight With A Poet 4:28    
10  Meet Me In Rio 3:51    
11  Ophelia 5:12    
12  The Way Of All Things 4:01