
          Incognito Complete Bundle (c) Magrathean Technologies



     05/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Activation

           1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Indie/Misc.





Incognito: Episode 1



John Smith (generic name, you can choose your own) is a man in trouble. He's

lost everything he has in the Stock Market, his house is in danger of being

washed away due to erosion. All he has is a life insurance policy. Depressed

and despondent, he decides to end it all. Climbing to the top of his office

building. A split second before he hits the ground, a wormhole opens up, and

he vanishes! John awakens in a strange place. It's clearly a high-tech

world, but he can't read any of the writing or understand the language he's

hearing. What's going on; is he dead and in Hell



Incognito is meant to deliver simplified versions of gameplay from different

genres and bring them together into a game that's epic in scale and requires

different genre skills but is easy for the average hardcore gamer to jump

into and play from beginning to end.



These genres change at each "zoom level" of the game:



* When you're on foot, it's a First-Person Shooter with RPG elements

* When you're in your ship, it's a Space Trading/Combat Simulation

* When you're in low orbit of a planet, it's a Simple Real-Time Strategy

 Game

* When you're in your hovertank, it's a Tank Combat Game



In order to progess through each Episode, you'll have to conquer challenges

at each level, gathering information on foot, exploring in your ship,

landing onuninhabited planets and establishing bases, and on hostile

planets, invading a planet's surface defenses in the hovertank.





Incognito: Episode 2



At the beginning of Episode Two, we recap up to the point where Nick the

Nose is about to shoot John (the player). The turrets quickly dispatch the

artificial life from of Nick the Nose. If John decides to help HEIDI, she

informs him that she's hiding in the wake of a black hole to avoid detection

from her several enemies. This requires access to a rare element, but when

John gets to a planet carrying it, EVERY planet carrying it, he gets an

automatic e-mail message from a man called Drequexius.



Dreque proposes to the player (John) that maybe, they are not on the right

side. He tells them that HEIDI is a living war; she's all four horsemen in

one. Dreque then offers a face to face conversation aboard his private

warship, giving the needed coordinates. HEIDI instantly replies and tells

the player the direct opposite and that Dreque is a betrayer, a liar, and a

coward. If they want to see the real truth of her history, go to and

infiltrate the Sector 42 Alliance Data Record Banks.



So, at this point, John can visit Dreque, try to kill him or join him, go to

get the historical data and the SuperTank blueprints, or try to muscle his

way passed Dreque's defenses without the SuperTanks, through sheer numbers

or by superior strategy. If John believes HEIDI, he has to go to the Sector

42 Alliance records building; he can either fight his way inside, or sneak

in.



* If John agrees to join him, he'll tell John to pretend to continue helping

 her, so that he can plant another EMP inside HEIDI, as it is her only true

     weakness.

* This requires access to a rare element, but when John gets to a planet

 carrying it, EVERY planet carrying it, he gets an automatic e-mail message

 from a man called Drequexius.

* The most well-developed political alliance at the time, the Sector 42

 Alliance, fought her on the grounds that she was breaking Prime Directive

     non-interference laws.





Incognito: Episode 3



The Incognito story continues in Episode 3!



The old man has been taken prisoner and HEIDI the artificial intelligence

that brought him to Sector 42 is assumed destroyed. All of this is because

of the relentless Sector 42 Alliance refusing to step down from well

established seats of power. A rescue attempt is being staged as we speak,

but by whom  Contract killers and mercenaries from all sectors flock at the

opportunity as news spreads about a job to go against the alliance itself.

The Alliance knew this would happen, and is already transporting the

earthling to one of their most secure prison ships for questioning about

his involvement with the AI known as HEIDI. The race is on, who will you

choose to rescue the old man  Will you sneak in  Or will you blast your way

in  You decide!



Incognito is meant to deliver simplified versions of gameplay from different

genres and bring them together into a game that's epic in scale and requires

different genre skills but is easy for the average hardcore gamer to jump

into and play from beginning to end.



In order to progress through each Episode, you'll have to conquer challenges

at each level, gathering information on foot, exploring in your ship,

landing on uninhabited planets and establishing bases, and on hostile

planets, invading a planet's surface defenses in the hover-tank.





1. Unrar.

2. Burn or mount the image.

3. Install the game.

4. Check the /Crack dir on the DVD.

5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!