Away3D 3.6 Cookbook (with code) By Michael Ivanov

Publisher: Packt Publishing 2011 | 480 Pages | ISBN: 1849512809 | PDF + code | 9 MB + 32 MB


Over 80 practical recipes for creating stunning graphics and effects with the fascinating Away3D engine
Invaluable tips and techniques to take your Away 3D applications to the top
Reveals the secrets of cleaning your scene from z-sorting artifacts without killing your CPU
Get 2D objects into the 3D world by learning to work with TextField3D and extracting graphics from vector graphics
Learn essential topics like collision detection, elevation reading, terrain generation, skyboxes, and much more
Gain an exclusive and practical introduction to Molehill, the next generation of 3D APIs for the Flash platform - by creating a rotating sphere from scratch.
Part of Packt's Cookbook series: each recipe is a carefully organized sequence of instructions to complete the task as efficiently as possible

In Detail
Three dimensions are better than two--and it's not a secret anymore that 3D is here to stay. Gone are the days when Flash was just used for 2D animations. In the last few years online Flash content has undergone a revolution with the introduction of real-time 3D engines for Flash. Away3D is the big daddy of them all--which makes it the ultimate resource for top-rated 3D content development and for powering today's coolest games and Flash sites. Away 3D 3.6 Cookbook is your answer to learning all you need to take your Flash or Away3D skills to the next level-- and having fun doing it.

This book is your practical companion that will teach you more than just the essentials of Away3D, and will provide you with all the tools and techniques you need to create a stunning 3D experience. You will find recipes targeting every possible field related to Away3D, 3D development pipelines, and best practices in general. You will find practically relevant content exploring advanced topics, which will clear your way to developing cutting edge applications--not to mention saving hours of searching for help on the internet.
The recipes in this book will teach you diverse aspects of 3D application development with Away3D. They will guide you through essential aspects like creation of assets in external programs and their integration into Away3D, working with material, animation, interactivity, special effects, and much more. Each topic is packed with recipes targeting different levels of complexity so that even experienced Away3D developers will find a lot of useful and unique information.



