 http://bayimg.com/PalocAadl

Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean (1982)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083745/

DOWNLOADED FROM CINEMAGEDDON.NET

THIS IS THE 1982 LASER DISC VERSION

Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean is a 1982 Broadway play and, later, 1982 film written by Ed Graczyk; the stage and screen versions were both directed by Robert Altman, and starred Sandy Dennis, Cher, Mark Patton (his first film role), Karen Black, Sudie Bond and Kathy Bates.

 Sandy Dennis ...  Mona 
 Cher ...  Sissy 
 Karen Black ...  Joanne 
 Sudie Bond ...  Juanita 
 Kathy Bates ...  Stella Mae 
 Marta Heflin ...  Edna Louise 
 Mark Patton ...  Joe Qualley 
 Caroline Aaron ...  Martha 
 Ruth Miller ...  Clarissa 
 Gena Ramsel ...  Sue Ellen 
 Ann Risley ...  Phyllis Marie 
 Dianne Turley Travis ...  Alice Ann 


It tells the story of a group of women, all members of a James Dean fan club, who meet on the anniversary of his death in the small Texas town in which Giant (1956) was filmed. They experience a day full of revealed secrets and revelatory experiences. The play was a financial failure and was panned by critics, notably Frank Rich in the New York Times, who mercilessly derided the text, direction, acting, and even the set.

Broadway Production

Come Back to the 5 & Dime Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean

Martin Beck Theatre, (2/18/1982 - 4/4/1982) 
Preview: Feb 8, 1982   Total Previews: 4 
Opening: Feb 18, 1982       
Closing: Apr 4, 1982   Total Performances: 52 

Category: Play, Original, Broadway
Setting: The time of the play alternates between September 30, 1975 and 1955.

 Cast
Karen Black  Joanne    
Cher  Sissy    
Sandy Dennis  Mona    
Kathy Bates  Stella May    
Sudie Bond  Juanita    
Marta Heflin  Edna Louise    
Ruth Miller  Clarissa    
Mark Patton  Joe    
Gena Ramsel  Sue Ellen    
Ann Risley  Martha    
Dianne Turley Travis  Alice Ann 


Despite the play's failure, the star power of the cast ensured a movie sale, and the 1982 film was an important turning point in the movie career aspirations of Cher. After trying for several years to be taken seriously as an actress, Cher was regarded as something of a Hollywood joke, until she performed in the stage version of this play, along with Black and Dennis. The strong reviews she received for her stage work paved the way for her to be cast in the film version, and she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. This success led to her being cast in Silkwood in 1983, for which she received a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

In the film, Altman frequently uses mirrors as a device for connecting scenes seamlessly between the present and the past. Reflections in mirrors are part of many of the frame compositions in the movie. Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean was Altman's first feature film since the critically-panned Popeye (1980).
