PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L (for my rips)
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
M3U Playlist: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: 892FAF143791AEAFB9F0EE067DC5E398F16055A4
File Size: 935.63 MB
Label: A&M; Records


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:


Electricity 1987 (not my rip)
Renegade Romantic 1990 CD 5288 *
Presence 1992 703019179-2 *


* Denotes My Rip


Electricity is not my rip so thanks to the original uploader. Audiochecker log included




Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Paul Janz (born in 1951 in Three Hills, Alberta, Canada and raised in Basel, Switzerland) is a Canadian theologian, and formerly a prominent singer-songwriter of pop rock music in the mainstream and contemporary Christian markets. He is known for such hits as "Every Little Tear", "I Go To Pieces", Rocket to My Heart", "Close My Eyes," "Stand" and "I Won't Cry".

He began his music career in the 1970s with his brothers in a band called Deliverance. Brought up in a Mennonite family, he first learned the trumpet and by age 13 was engaged with his local chapter of The Salvation Army. Gospel music and rock, combined with a broad interest in music made him record with the band three albums within 10 years, successful in Germany and moving to #56 on Billboard with 1979's "Leaving LA". In 1984, he launched his solo career, which culminated in four projects with a string of chart-topping hits from each album. The success of his projects led to his nomination for the Juno Awards, Canada's most prominent music award. Despite achieving great success in Canada, his record label's restructuring of its roster of artists led to the end of A & R promotion in the American market. Janz's final project, Trust, which was recorded under the Attic Records label, continued the same ground-breaking tradition with Janz's trademark lyrical compositions and driving melodic rhythms. Since that time, Janz hasn't released any new material.

In 1981 he took part in the German selection for the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Steine (Stones)". He finished tenth behind musicians like Taco and Peter Cornelius. Instead, Lena Valaitis was selected to represent Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 1981 with the song "Johnny Blue".

Presently a Senior Lecturer in Systematic Theology and Head of the Department of Theology and Religious Studies at King's College London, he formerly taught philosophy at Trinity Western University in Langley, British Columbia and has written a book entitled God, the Mind's Desire: Reference, Reason and Christian Thinking[1] published by Cambridge University Press. In 2004, Janz's first album High Strung was re-released on CD for the first time by Escape Music in the UK. More recently, he has launched a new brand, Transformation Theology, a re-make of Bonhoeffer's grass-root theology.





Electricity 1987


Tracks: 


One Night (Is All It Takes)
Electricity
I Won't Cry
We Touch
I'll Be Your Eyes
Send Me A Miracle
Believe In Me
I Go To Pieces
Angel
Alien
One Last Lie 








Renegade Romantic 1990



Tracks: 

Every Little Tear
Hold Me Tender
Rocket To My Heart
Almost Heaven
Stand
Stuck on You
Love Walks In
One Lovin’ Touch
Darling Drive
Saddle Up








Presence 1992



Every Little Tear
This Love Is Forever
Close My Eyes
Stand
I Wont Cry
Send Me A Miracle
Rocket To My Heart
Go To Pieces 
Hold Me Tender
Believe In Me
Dont Cry Tonight
High Strung 
I'll Be Your Eyes





Enjoy :)
