Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                             
http://www.scoreland.com

Team:                                             
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                                             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                             
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

Additional Screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?a50j0a0a1c8752rbhtq2vg8caop4 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?uplbqymal3apy7i682mzcq4t4z

Video description from website:

Desiree (Desiree's Anal Cumback) and Maserati (Maserati's Rack Attack) meet for the first time in the SCORE Studio, a meeting of two sexy titters with great jugs and shapely bods. Desiree, the redhead, and Maserati have even picked out the perfect dresses to show off their curvatures and deep cleavage. "I like your titties," Maserati says, admiring Desiree's lush figure. "I like your titties," Desiree counters, reaching out to touch Maserati. Yes, these two will become fast friends in the short time they will be together. Desiree gives Maserati's bazooms a friendly shake. They can't keep their hands off each other. That's why we've wheeled in the human dildo for this fresh P.O.V. SCORE video called "Double Strokers." So they can grab something else to jack and tit-wank. We have brought these two lovelies in for a rare double-header Tits & Tugs scene because we already know the greatness they have achieved in extracting sperm samples individually. Imagine the two together. The girls lower each other's dress so they can suck nipples and feel the soft smooth skin of their lady-bumps. They mash-up and jiggle them against each other. You can see their nipples hardening and stiffening in the close-up. They eventually get down to total bare-ass naked, still playing with each other's nipples and putting on a show to get you ready for their jackin' hands and deep cleavage. And their lips and throats too, because the two honies are adding cock sucking to this Tits & Tugs. Yes, it's Tits, Tugs & Tongue time with two of the best new hardcore hooter girls of the year. 