Updated, Version 3

This new version of the Talmud of Jmmanuel has the corrections that the original translator (Isa Rashid) failed to incorporate in the original translated text. 

An official new version of the Talmud of Jmmanuel is in the editing stage and will be available commercially in the near future. But in the meantime this updated version will reveal some of the new changes.

---------------

Updated Information: 
http://futureofmankind.co.uk/Billy_Meier/Main_Page

---------------


Talmud Of Jmmanuel - Free Edition

Note: This is the free edition of the Talmud of Jmmanuel. Several pages added at the end of the book that includes excerpts from the Billy Eduard Albert Meier case with photos.

The Talmud of Jmmanuel

Jerusalem, 1963 - A Greek Catholic priest, Isa Rashid, discovers a small cave in the slope of a nearby hill. His Swiss friend, "Billy" Eduard Albert Meier, removes the rubble partially obscuring the entryway, crawls inside, and exhumes a set of ancient scrolls wrapped in animal skin and encased in a dry, crumbly resin. Upon their examination, faded yet fully legible pages of Aramaic text reveal a 2,000-year-old biographical narrative of a man named Jmmanuel who devoted his life to teaching about the true nature of the universe, the immortality of the human spirit through reincarnation, and a way of life that is liberating and free from the illogical constraints of human greed and lust for power.

And this is the book that none of the major religions want you to read. Having translated 36 chapters of the scrolls from Aramaic to German, Isa Rashid ultimately paid with his life when he and his family were assassinated by the powers that be but not before 36 chapters were sent to his friend in Switzerland, who then assembled the text into the form presented in this book. (Meier's publishing of the Talmud Jmmanuel has been partially responsible for the 21 attempts on his own life.)

Discover what truly happened to Jmmanuel during his forty days and forty nights "in the desert." Learn who really was his betrayer and how he survived his brutal crucifixion. And read his ominous prophecies (some already fulfilled!) for the current times, his teachings about the human spirit and the self-determined path of human evolution - the true meaning of our lives.

This Fourth Edition, which has been edited by "Billy" Meier and members of FIGU, makes this publication of the Talmud Jmmanuel the most accurate version ever printed.

SPECIAL FEATURE: This latest edition of the Talmud Jmmanuel also contains the amazing, original prophecies by Jeremia and Elia, which had long since been removed from the Bible because of their astounding, heretical - and now verifiably accurate - content.


