P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D

Battle Slots: Role Playing Game RIP

Release Date  :  30/04/2011                Protection  :  Activation
Release Type  :  RIP 31x10.00MB            Company    :  Phantom EFX

Release Notes

Battle Slots is a roleplaying game (RPG) with a twist.  Embark on a journ
ey of exploration into the foreign world of Tellus. Formerly a peaceful w
orld, Tellus has been wrought by an evil plaguing the land. Every land ne
eds a hero, and thats where you come in. A map-driven adventure, you wil
l travel across over 100 unique locations, battling monsters and completi
ng nearly 200 daring quests.

Taking the place of traditional RPG dice or number generators is a custom
izable, magical slot machine  however there is no gambling.  Battle Slo
ts harnesses the excitement of popular Slot Machine mechanics, progressin
g your adventure through fantastic gameplay. Spinning the slot machine yi
elds Magic Points, Attack Points, Experience Points, Gold, and Summons.

Magic Points and Attack Points are used to cast techniques that yield dev
astation upon monsters throughout the world of Tellus. Experience Points
allow you to gain levels and boast higher Health, Attack, and Magic Point
totals. The Gold earned can be used in the world to upgrade the Academy
and the Zoo or purchase Runes, Techniques, or Slot Symbols.  When the slo
t machine pays out a summons, the creature called for will appear and cas
t its effect.  These summons may stun opponents, deliver gold, or place
Wilds throughout the reels of your slot machine.

Techniques affect combat in a variety of ways.  Some will damage your opp
onent, others will stun them. Some techniques will allow you to heal your
self in battle, increase strengths, or become resistant to damage. Slot m
achine related techniques will offer extra spins or Wilds as you collect
new Slot Symbols and Runes.

With money earned in battle, you can choose to upgrade the buildings in y
our village hometown to increase the strength of your Allies and expand y
our Zoo. The beasts kept in your Zoo drastically evolve your experience a
s they come equipped with unique spells and skills. Who knows, these new
skills and slot machine customization just might give you the upper-hand
in the battle to restore peace to Tellus. This is your story.

Everyone you meet, every creature you capture will influence your destiny
. The question is, will you be able to stand up to the Reels of Fate?

RIPPED: Nothing (intro logos removed, some movies were re-encoded)

Install Notes

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Install by running unl-bslo.exe
3. Start game with battleslots.exe
4. Enjoy

Game require:

Microsoft Visual C 2005 Redistributable Package
 
http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?familyid=32BC1BEE-A3F9
-4C13-9C99-220B62A191EE&displaylang=en

Remember to support quality games

Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition

" Prepare to be Unleashed "
