FTV Girls - Carli & Jamie - Getting Comfy

Jamie's Comments: Carli's got a very sexy body, I've got to admit.  I've got nice breasts, but hers hang nice, they look almost like implants.  She's also got that very nice curvature, that perfect hip-to-waist ratio.  Very enthusiastic about shooting with me, it almost felt like she had more experience doing this than I do.  For me, I masturbate & orgasm better when I'm alone, its almost like my body holds back on the squirt if someone is around me when I orgasm.  This is also true with my boyfriend, not just because she is a girl.  She was pretty excited to see me squirt, and got her chance to see it.  I personally have seen many other squirters in shoots, some girls who shoot many feet out and can spray a whole area.  All in all, I had 3 orgasms on this shoot, and that is more than satisfying for me.  Carli's orgasms seem stronger, unless she's overacting but it doesn't look like it to me.  She is very sexual, and her clit is very sensitive to the toys.  She gets a really good rush out of her orgasms!
Carli's Comments: You don't see it on camera but both of us where yawning a lot, we had to get on a plane real early in the morning, but at least the shoot isn't rush-rush!  I was taking a mini-nap, and the photographer started the shoot that way, having Jamie seduce me.  I'd kiss that girl all day, squeeze those breasts and cuddle if she let me.  But she isn't a true bisexual, she kind of likes girls, up to a point I noticed.  She probably does a lot better satisfying her man.  I desire her, and I'm happy that I got this close to her, even her caressing is nice.  I like to have my breasts squeezed and fondled, and my nipples are very sensitive.  Nice soft kissing and then hard sex is what I like the most.  I've never had a dominating sort of girl to have sex with me, but I'd love a girl to manhandle me and 'do me' hard.  Jamie's been with FTV on so many visits, so I looked up to her for advice and what I could do better to turn men on for these videos.  I wish I could squirt like her when I orgasm, but even with that super vibrator I couldn't.  I had a super orgasm with it but nothing gushes out.  But I have a nice butt, nice breasts, sexy legs and total need for sex so that's what counts, right?

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_201_Carli_Jamie_Getting_Comf.jpg

File Size ------- 295mb
Length ---------- 39:07
Resolution ------ 640x480
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Thanks to (anonymous) for the generous seedbox donation.