Ready-made plans for 12 different professional Drupal sites
Instant Drupal – Build 12 exciting and simple web projects
Expand and tailor the sample projects to your client’s need
Create quick prototypes of commonly used applications within hours
Develop your own custom application by merging features from the example projects
Apply easy methods to optimize the performance of your siteIn Detail
Drupal is a powerful CMS used to build all kinds of web sites. But when you’re urgently tasked with building a specific kind of site, it’s not always obvious which plugins to use or where to begin. If I could show you simple directions to create Drupal web sites for personal or business use within a day, without the initial need to bother about the in-depth details of using Drupal, would you be interested? Build first learn later!

This book will give you a competitive edge by helping you to rapidly implement prototype web projects for personal and business use. With this book almost anyone with just a bit of Drupal knowledge can build a web site and tailor it to his/he needs.

This book is a project-based guide to developing web applications with Drupal. It should enable you to take full advantage of the powerful core features offered by the Drupal framework together with the many available contributed modules and themes to develop applications within hours. You will be guided, by means of illustrated hands-on example projects, to build foundation projects that you may easily adapt or enhance to create even more powerful web projects. If you want to develop exciting web applications for profit or pleasure this book is for you.

This book is, however, not an introduction to Drupal, nor an in-depth manual for using Drupal; and even though it partially covers some basics such as installation and how to create nodes, this is only done in the process of building the featured projects. Readers should therefore already have an understanding of the basic Drupal terminologies, how to access and to use the administration pages, and also how to customize by uploading and engaging new themes

