Clerks (retronym: Clerks: The Animated Series) is an American animated sitcom based on Kevin P. Smith\'s 1994 comedy of the same name. It was developed for television by Smith, Smith\'s producing partner Scott Mosier and former Seinfeld writer David Mandel with character designs by Stephen Silver.

Only two episodes were broadcast on ABC in the year 2000 before the series was canceled.[1] Several factors contributed to the cancellation, including low ratings, the show\'s not fitting in with ABC\'s other programming, unsuccessful test-screening to older audiences, and ABC\'s decision to air the shows out of order. ABC aired the fourth episode first, as opposed to the intended first episode, and then aired the second episode despite the fact that the second episode is the \'flashback\' episode, and derives much of its humor from the fact that it flashes back almost exclusively to the first episode. Additionally, the second episode aired without the scene from \"Flintstone\'s List\", the fictional RST Video rental that spoofed Schindler\'s List.

All six episodes were released on DVD (as well as VHS) in 2002, marking one of the first occasions in which a short-lived TV series found success in this format. The DVD commentary features cast and crew who frequently cite their disagreements with the network over the show\'s development. The entire series was eventually aired on Comedy Central, with the unaired episodes airing for the first time on television on December 14, 2002. In 2006, digital freeview channel ITV Four in the UK, began broadcasting episodes late on Monday nights. Starting November 14, 2008, Adult Swim aired the series on Friday nights.

Several scenes filmed for, but cut from, the film Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back (but included on the film\'s DVD release) contain metafictional moments when Randall makes references to the animated series, as well as its cancellation. On his DVD commentary for the film, Smith said the intent was to make the quick cancellation of the series a running gag.

Clerks: The Animated Series was produced by Miramax, View Askew Productions in association with ABC Studios.