 http://www.hotimg.com/direct/z4VkpjS.jpg

Screens:
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/4VupT4T.jpg
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/FnXAH6b.jpg
 
http://www.hotimg.com/direct/kXwKwKX.jpg

Alternative:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/49000/photo-48137.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/49000/photo-48138.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/49000/photo-48139.jpg

Worms Ultimate Mayhem-SKIDROW
Worms: Ultimate Mayhem (c) Team17

28-09-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
Action...............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Worms: Ultimate Mayhem is the definitive 3D "Worms" game Load your
weapons and experience a whole new dimension in destructive turn-based
cartoon action Taking the game into 3D creates all-new strategic and
gameplay possibilities. With over 70 single-player missions and
challenges, online and local multi-player for up to 4 players, 5
multi-player modes, Steam Achievements, unprecedented customization of
both worms and weapons, and fully destructible environments, it's
bursting with anarchic mayhem. Battle and puzzle your way through all
of the missions from both "Worms 3D" and "Worms 4: Mayhem" - it's
essentially two games in one. With the addition of HD visuals, gameplay
enhancements and new extra content, it is the ultimate 3D "Worms"
collection

Features

EXTENSIVE SINGLE-PLAYER CONTENT:
A vast array of single-player content spanning the very best of the 3D
"Worms" games, ranging from shooting challenges to speed runs, whilst a
collection of crazy missions, interspersed with newly fully voiced
narrative FMV sequences, make up the single-player campaign.
Additionally, a huge number of challenges ask the player to master the
individual skills of the game (such as piloting a Jetpack or steering a
Parachute) in order to complete tasks such as target shooting or
collecting targets, all against the clock.

ONLINE AND LOCAL MULTI-PLAYER:
Full online play for up to 4 players over a wealth of game modes such
as "Statue Defend", "Homelands" or just plain "Deathmatch", plus the
ability to create your own custom game settings to play against your
friends Because of the turn-based nature of the game, it can be played
multi-player offline on one screen.

Fight on the randomly generated landscapes, even save and share them,
which allows for a huge amount of multi-player map options

GET COMPETITIVE:
Play standard or ranked games in a bid to scale the Steam Leaderboards

MASSIVE CUSTOMIZATION OPTIONS:

Players are able to name their teams, choose which hats they want their
worms to wear, whether they wear glasses, have moustaches, what they
say, which flag represents them, and even what gravestone they leave
behind when they die.

WORMS WEAPONS AND UTILITIES:
Many of the classic Worms weapons are present and correct, with the
Holy Hand Grenade, Bazooka, Dynamite, Banana Bomb, Baseball Bat, Super
Sheep and many more in your arsenal of destruction.

There is also a sprinkling of even more crazy and surreal weapons too,
such as Alien Abduction, Fatkins Strike, Flood, Inflatable Scouser,
Old Woman, Starburst and Bovine Blitz with which to wage war on your
enemies.

CUSTOM BUILT WEAPONRY:
Players are also able to construct their own weapons from a wide
selection of components. These weapons are added to the players
arsenals and remain secret until deployed, giving opponents a nasty
shock.

TALK TRASH:
In-game voice-chat so you can cheer on team mates or indeed win the
battle against opponents verbally

FULLY DESTRUCTIBLE ENVIRONMENTS:
Deform everything in real-time.

NEW PICTURE-IN-PICTURE DISPLAY:
This tracks every action a player makes when attacking, whilst at the
same time allowing the player to retreat and not miss a single moment
of the glorious action.

NUMEROUS GAMEPLAY IMPROVEMENTS & ENHANCEMENTS
New camera enhancements make it easier to follow the action optimized
AI means more intelligent enemies, and the addition of speech and
lip-synching to the single-player missions makes for even more
cinematic fun

New visual improvements, with dynamic real time lighting and post
process effects and shaders, make the mayhem look even more impressive.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

Note:If you have something to offer as early releases,seedboxes,links,accounts,etc
please contact us on piratepedia[@]msn/gmail.com or our website torentz 3xforum ro
Seed Stats: 20-400 GiB at aprox 10 MiB/sec/20 slots per torrent

Worms Ultimate Mayhem-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
Search here for any future updates/working status/etc http://orlydb.com/s/games
or any other quality PreDatabase, Scene Release & Dupecheck sites.
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use Nod32