SHADOWGUN v1.0.3 All Device
Requirements: Android 2.2+
Overview: One of the best-looking mobile games ever created - ign.com



The year is 2350, and corrupt intergalactic corporations are the rule of law, hiring bounty hunters and mercs to do their bidding. The best of the best are known as SHADOWGUNS.

SHADOWGUN puts you into the role of John Slade, the galaxy’s most infamous bounty hunter. Your mission: hunt down Dr. Edgar Simon, maniacal genius and leader of his own mutant army. Infiltrate Dr. Simon’s mountain fortress and fight his personal guard of cyborgs, battle droids, and genetically-enhanced humanoids. Using state-of-the-art weaponry, ships, and the assistance of S.A.R.A.—Slade’s personal android assistant—SHADOWGUN combines intense tactical combat with 3rd person action.

☣ CRUSH, KILL, DESTROY! ☣
- Featuring the most advanced combat A.I. to date—enemies flank, seek cover, and utilize teamwork to take you down! Battle automated sentries, aerial drones, and other lethal foes—tactical maneuvers are based upon actual military strategy! 
- Solve hacking mini-games to whet your nerdly appetite, then get back to blasting!

☣ CONSOLE-QUALITY GRAPHICS! ☣
- It ain’t just pretty—it’s gorgeous! Advanced lighting effects, beautifully rendered environments, and pro voices make this one of the most advanced games for your smartphone!

☣ LIKE YOUR SCI-FI SOAKED IN BLOOD? ☣
- Immersive storyline with multiple outcomes! You decide how it ends!
- The first installment in a major franchise!
- Unlock the detailed “Shadowpedia”, and read more about the SHADOWGUN universe!

☣ FROM THE MIND OF A MADMAN! ☣
- Survive the onslaught of Dr. Simon’s deadly creations, including level bosses, mutated grunts, killer machines, and more!

What's in this version:
Support Adreno and PowerVR devices !
Tegra 2 users who are happy with 1.0.2 version do not need to update. This version adds support for more android devices.
If you have problems (pink meshes, no weapon, etc) with 1.0.3 update, please restart device.
☣ Added support for Adreno and PowerVR devices
☣ Fixed problems with downloading large files when wifi conection was slow
☣ Improved support for some gamepads (not all are fully supported though)
☣ Xperia Play optimized
☣ Fixed single play levels lockup when you finish the game.

Note:
Cracked by ChelpuS