NBA 2K12 (c) 2K Sports
10/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Sports


Get back on the court as some of the greatest NBA players of all time in NBA
2K12. Featuring legendary players and teams from NBA history, NBA 2K12 lets
you truly settle the argument of who is the greatest.
With over 5 million copies sold worldwide and over 20 Sports Game of Year
awards, last year NBA 2K11 allowed you to BECOME THE GREATEST with MJ & the
Jordan Challenge mode. This year the NBA 2K franchise is back and bigger
than ever, providing fans with the opportunity they've always dreamed of
- to finally END THE DEBATE as to who are the best teams and players of all
time. Featuring such NBA legends as Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson and Larry
Bird as well as all of your favorite NBA players of today, NBA 2K12 will be
packed with new and exciting features that will be revealed in the weeks and
months ahead that, come October 4th, will put fans center court of an
unprecedented basketball experience.

Key Features:
* Celebrates the legendary careers of Michael Jordan, Larry Bird and Magic
Johnson with three different game covers
* Features 15 legendary NBA players, including Michael Jordan, Larry Bird,
Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Dr. J and more
* Relive celebrated careers and heated rivalries from NBA history,
re-created in meticulous detail
* Offers the most visually accurate NBA game to date by building off NBA
Today's real-time stats, rosters, schedules and ratings
* Dynamically update every graphic detail of the game from the shoes to
player models and court floors
* Delivers a dynamic broadcast style featuring players promoting their
upcoming games and pregame highlight reels set to 2K Beats music
* Shoot, steal, pass, dunk and dominate your opponents on the floor with
all-new control mechanics for post play and ball control to offer
intuitive gameplay
* Adds more than 1,000 new animations for realistic and life-like gameplay
* Follow-up to the award-winning Sports Game of the Year, NBA 2K11
Relive the league's most celebrated careers and rivalries, re-created in
unbelievable detail. Take to the court as 15 NBA legends, including Michael
Jordan, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Dr. J, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and more.
Dominate your opponents on the hardwood with all-new control mechanics for
post play and ball control that let you intuitively shoot, pass, steal,
dribble and dunk. Experience the most visually accurate NBA game that builds
off NBA Today's real-time stats, rosters, schedules and ratings. Update
graphic details from the shoes to the player models and court floors.
Immerse yourself in the excitement and thrills of NBA action with an updated
broadcast style that features players promoting their upcoming games and
pregame highlights set to 2K Beats music. Are you ready to determine who is
truly the greatest to ever play in the NBA?


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir on the disc to your
install&gt; dir.
5. Play the game. Don't allow it to go online, use the firewall if need be.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

------------------------------
extremezone said: "I was waited a scene release but i don't think it will come..."
Hahaha ofcourse a popular game like this will come from scene, haha what was he thinking?! hahaha.
(See pre-sites for proof this is real)
--------------------
Anyway, enjoy this by RELOADED and uploaded by me, ErikZown! 
Dont forget to seed after you!