Global Turmoil & New World Order

Date: 04-05-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Steve Quayle, Norio Hayakawa 

Author and researcher Steve Quayle discussed a variety of issues and situations including the machinations of the New World Order, turmoil in Libya and the Middle East, Japan, the potential New Madrid quake, angelic wars, and biblical prophecy. "We're at a crossroads with so many strange, anomalous, and very dangerous events all taking place at once," he said. The nuclear situation in Japan is much worse than we're being told, and 1/3 of the north island is "probably going to be uninhabitable," he noted, adding that ionizing radiation stores up and is very difficult to get rid of (he provided a link to the free online book, Nuclear War Survival Skills). 

Looking at the timing of the attacks in Libya, and Middle East revolutions, Quayle believes they are part of a master plan by the Illuminati or New World Order to generate WWIII. There's a spiritual war going on between the fallen angels and the holy angels, and this is problematic for the Illuminati, who work overtime to try and deny that the Bible is relevant, and attribute their bloodlines to Lucifer, he said. 

As prophesied in the Book of Revelation, Quayle warned that a time is coming soon when the 'mark of the beast' will be preceded by a stencil, laser tattoo or "smart dot" people will wear in order to conduct business. He also foresees the US having a two-tiered currency system, one that can be used only inside the country, and another for global transactions. FEMA has started to prepare for a huge quake along the New Madrid fault, he said. Should such a devastation occur, there are estimates of 4.2 million people relocating, innumerable deaths, the Great Lakes drained, and the Mississippi River widened to several hundred miles, in effect bisecting the country. 

Japan & UFOs
First hour guest, unorthodox ufologist and activist Norio Hayakawa commented on the situation in Japan, and noted that UFOs and unusual lights have been seen there before and after the March 11th earthquake (most recently at the Sakurajima volcano site). Hayakawa will be one of the featured presenters at the Wake Up Now! conference taking place in Albuquerque at the end of April. 

News segment guests: Jeff Nelken, Christian Wilde 

Website(s): 
stevequayle.com 
Book(s): 
LongWalkers: Return of the Nephilim 
Weather Wars & Un-Natural Disasters 
