 http://www.wowebook.pro/book/optical-switching-networks/

Book Description
Optical Switching Networks describes all the major switching paradigms developed for modern optical networks, discussing their operation, advantages, disadvantages and implementation. Following a review of the evolution of optical WDM networks, an overview of the future trends out. The latest developments in optical access, local, metropolitan, and wide area networks are covered, including detailed technical descriptions of generalized multiprotocol label switching, waveband switching, photonic slot routing, optical flow, burst and packet switching. The convergence of optical and wireless access networks is also discussed, as are the IEEE 802.17 Resilient Packet Ring and IEEE 802.3ah Ethernet passive optical network standards and their WDM upgraded derivatives. The feasibility, challenges and potential of next-generation optical networks are described in a survey of state-of-the-art optical networking testbeds. Animations showing how the key optical switching techniques work are available via the web, as are lecture slides (www.cambridge.org/9780521868006).

Book Description
Describes the major switching paradigms developed for modern optical networks, discussing their operation, advantages, disadvantages and implementation. Includes the latest developments in optical access, local, metropolitan, and wide area networks. The feasibility, challenges and potential of next-generation optical networks are described. Animations and lecture slides available online (www.cambridge.org/9780521868006).

About the Author
Martin Maier is an Associate Professor with the Institut National de la Recherche Scientifique (INRS), at the University of Quebec, Canada. He received his MSc and PhD degrees both with distinctions (summa cum laude) from Technical University Berlin, Germany. He was a Postdoc Fellow at MIT and a Visiting Associate Professor at Stanford University. His research interests include the design, control, and performance evaluation of next-generation optical networks and their evolutionary WDM upgrade strategies. Dr Maier is also the author of the book Metropolitan Area WDM Networks – An AWG Based Approach.

Book Details
Hardcover: 244 pages
Publisher: Cambridge University Press; 1 edition (February 11, 2008)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0521868009
ISBN-13: 978-0521868006