Please seed this torrent. Do not cut and run as it deprives others of a chance of the torrent.

Club attention in England shifts back to Aviva Premiership Rugby this weekend, as Bath welcome Saracens to the Recreation Ground on Sunday. Forwards Coach, Martin Haag, looks ahead to the game, and an important few weeks for the club. "We have had a good few training sessions this week, including some good work on the scrums and some 15 on 15 games," he said. "Saracens have got a lot of strong players and a big squad, and whilst they are missing a few if you look at the team that played Gloucester last week they have near enough their full pack, so we are expecting a very strong side to come down. "When you lose a game, home or away, you always want to put out a reaction the following week, so I'm sure they will be looking to come down and dominate us. But ultimately it is about us and what we do, not them." Meanwhile, Saracens welcome back injured duo Brad Barritt and Rhys Gill to their squad for the trip to the West Country. After missing the past three weeks, England Saxons centre Barritt has recovered from the fractured finger he picked up against Exeter Chiefs while prop Gill returns after a knee injury that has seen him ruled out since September.
In other team news, England U20s number eight Jackson Wray starts with Ernst Joubert ruled out this weekend with a knee injury while Alex Goode is also back in the side, starting at full back with Owen Farrell at fly half. Kelly Brown (Scotland), Jacques Burger (Namibia), Michael Tagicakibau (Fiji), Chris Wyles (USA) and Hayden Smith (USA) are all on international duty.

Form: Each side won away from home in the two meetings between the clubs in the Premiership last season. Bath Rugby's only victory in their last five encounters of Aviva Premiership Rugby was 31-16 at home to Sale in round four, whilst Bath's eight game winning run at The Rec in the Premiership was ended by Gloucester on 1 October. Saracens' five match winning run in Aviva Premiership Rugby came to a halt at home to Exeter Chiefs last time out. Sarries have won their last six away games played at opponents usual home grounds.

The teams:

Bath: 15 Nick Abendanon, 14 Jack Cuthbert, 13 Matt Carraro, 12 Olly Barkley, 11 Tom Biggs, 10 Sam Vesty, 9 Michael Claassens (c), 8 Ben Skirving, 7 Simon Taylor, 6 Andy Beattie, 5 Danny Grewcock, 4 Stuart Hooper, 3 Duncan Bell, 2 Lee Mears, 1 David Flatman.
Replacements: 16 Pieter Dixon, 17 Nathan Catt, 18 Aaron Jarvis, 19 Ignacio Fernandez-Lobbe, 20 Josh Ovens, 21 Guy Mercer, 22 Mark McMillan, 23 Nick Scott.

Saracens: 15 Alex Goode, 14 David Strettle, 13 Kameli Ratuvou, 12 Brad Barritt, 11 James Short, 10 Owen Farrell, 9 Neil de Kock, 8 Jackson Wray, 7 Andy Saull, 6 Justin Melck, 5 Hugh Vyvyan, 4 Steve Borthwick (c), 3 Carlos Nieto, 2 Schalk Brits, 1 Deon Carstens.
Replacements: 16 Jamie George, 17 Rhys Gill, 18 Petrus du Plessis, 19 Mouritz Botha, 20 Don Barrell, 21 Richard Wigglesworth, 22 Nils Mordt, 23 Noah Cato.

Date: Sunday, November 21
Kick-off: 16:15 GMT
Venue: Recreation Ground
Referee: Tim Wigglesworth