Rainbow Six Lockdown for the Ps2                                    Rel. 09/06/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        FPS, Action
Rating:        M (Mature)
Conversion:    DVD9 To DVD5
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.



Release Notes - DNAS was patched, also includes an emulator + fmcb/esr if you
                need it.



Game Description:

Lockdown is the third Rainbow Six game to appear on the consoles, this time with Red Storm Entertainment fully behind the wheel. Once again, you play as Domingo 'Ding' Chavez, leading a small commando team on black-ops missions. This time, however, the developer strays from the realistic squad-based action in favor of more arcadish gameplay. The main single player campaign is based around a dangerous virus and hostages. In certain missions, you play as sniper Dieter Weber, picking off terrorists from higher ground and providing cover while the team infiltrates the building.

The differences between the console versions are the number of missions and the availability of certain gadgets. There is an offline two-player, split-screen cooperative mode available (up to 4 over Xbox live) and full online multiplayer up to 16 players featuring traditional deathmatch, objective-based games and CTF modes, on Xbox and PS2. While the PS2 version includes a Rivalry mode, Xbox online multiplayer has an RPG element: the P.E.C. mode (Persistent Elite Creation). Before playing, you choose an avatar and a class with specific abilities (commando, engineer, spec op and medic). While playing, you earn credits and experience, which can be traded in for new weapons, items or amour. Gear regularly needs to be repaired, shown by the durability level, and experience can be used to assign skills points to abilities, individualizing your character.


Features:

* Stunning graphics and ultra-realistic "ragdoll" physics deliver staggering
  realism and spectacular close quarter firefights.

* Superior multiplayer experience: One of the best multiplayer games ever returns
  with the classics: Adversarial & Cooperative modes through Split-Screen & on-
  line. Additional exclusive modes will make their appearance with: PlayStation®2 -
  New Rivalry Mode pits Rainbow operatives against trained mercenaries in 
  objective-driven, team-based adversarial gameplay.

* Increasingly intelligent enemy A.I.

* New weapons and equipment.

* Tension-building sound effects.



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		