Steve Martin & The Steep Canyon Rangers 
Rare Bird Alert
Audio CD (March 15, 2011) 
Original Release Date: 2011 
Label: Rounder / Umgd 
 
http://bayimg.com/PAeoPaADh

NOTE - Track 12 (Atheists...) was featured on the Letterman Show.


01 - Rare Bird Alert
02 - Yellow-Backed Fly
03 - Best Love
04 - Northern Island
05 - Go Away, Stop, Turn Around, Come Back
06 - Jubilation Day
07 - More Bad Weather On The Way
08 - You
09 - The Great Remember (For Nancy)
10 - Women Like To Slow Dance
11 - Hide Behind A Rock
12 - Atheists Don't Have No Songs
13 - King Tut


Biography
 

Steve Martin, one of the most diversified performers in the motion picture industry today—actor, comedian, author, playwright, producer, musician – has been successful as a writer of and performer in some of the most popular movies of recent film history.

Martin will release his second full length bluegrass album Rare Bird Alert on Rounder Records on March 15, 2011. He will be joined by the Steep Canyon Rangers, who toured extensively with Martin over the last year. Rare Bird Alert features 13 new Martin-penned tracks, including a live version of “King Tut,” and was produced by Tony Trishka. Paul McCartney and The Dixie Chick make special guest vocal appearances on the album. Martin co-wrote two of the CD’s songs with the Steep Canyon Rangers.

Since becoming involved in the modern bluegrass scene, Martin has been impressed with the overall level of musicianship that exists in the world of the professional and semi-professional player. As such, in 2010, Martin established The Steve Martin Prize for Excellence in Banjo and Bluegrass, an annual award which brings recognition to an individual or group for outstanding accomplishment in the field of five-string banjo or bluegrass music. In its inaugural year, the award was presented to Noam Pikelny. 

Martin published his second children’s book on September 8th 2010. Narrated with wit and charm getting to school has never been quite this difficult--or hilarious. Steve Martin and illustrator C. F. Payne teamed up to tell a story of the adventure, danger, and laughs of the journey to school. Enclosed with the book is a CD of Martin on banjo and vocals, singing the book's story with a bluegrass twist. 

For his adult audience, Martin’s latest novel “An Object of Beauty” was released on November 23rd 2010. Sharing his knowledge of the 1990’s New York arts scene, Martin tells the story of Lacey Yeager, a captivating, and ambitious young woman who takes the NYC art world by storm. 

Earlier this year, Martin completed production on “The Big Year” directed by David Frankel and costarring Owen Wilson and Jack Black. The comedy is set to be released by 20th Century Fox in October 2011, and sees Martin as a member of a group of avid bird watchers competing to spot the rarest birds in North America at an annual esteemed event. 

In March of 2010, Martin, along with Alec Baldwin, co-hosted the 82nd Annual Academy Awards – his third time serving as host of the prestigious award show. He received an Emmy nomination in the category of Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Special for his participation.

On January 31st, 2010, Steve Martin's banjo album, The Crow / New Songs For The Five-String Banjo, won a Grammy for Best Bluegrass Album.

Christmas 2009 saw Martin share the screen with Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin in Universal’s “It’s Complicated.” The comedy, directed by Nancy Meyers, tells the story of a divorced couple (Streep and Baldwin) who discover that their feelings for one another might not have completely disappeared. Martin plays Adam, the soft-spoken and sweet architect who also vies for Street’s characters’ affection.

In 2008, Martin had two books published: In October, Doubleday released a children’s book titled The Alphabet from A to Y with Bonus Letter Z!, co-written with The New Yorker illustrator Roz Chast. In December, Martin’s autobiography, Born Standing Up, was published by Scribner.

Additionally, in December of 2007, Martin was the recipient of the prestigious Kennedy Center Honor.

In February 2006, Martin was seen in “The Pink Panther” playing the role of Inspector Clouseau, originally made famous by Peter Sellers. The film, which reunites Martin with director Shawn Levy, costarred Beyonce Knowles and Kevin Kline. In 2009, Mr. Martin revived his role of Inspector Clouseau in “The Pink Panther 2.”

In 2005, Martin received critical praise for the Touchstone Pictures film “Shopgirl,” costarring Claire Danes and Jason Schwartzman. The screenplay was written by Martin and adapted from his best-selling novella of the same name. “Shopgirl” follows the complexities of a romance between a young girl, who works at a Los Angeles Saks Fifth Avenue glove counter while nurturing dreams of being an artist, and a wealthy older man, who is still learning about the consequences that come with any romantic relationship.

Christmas 2003, Martin starred in the highest grossing film of his career, “Cheaper by the Dozen,” directed by Shawn Levy for 20th Century Fox. The family comedy, co-starring Bonnie Hunt and Hillary Duff, has grossed over $135 million domestically. Christmas 2005 saw the much anticipated sequel “Cheaper by the Dozen 2” staring the original cast and adding in a rival family, headed by Eugene Levy. In February of 2003, Martin starred with Queen Latifah in the blockbuster comedy, “Bringing Down the House” for Touchstone Pictures which gross $132.7 million. 

Mr. Martin hosted the 75th Annual Academy Awards in 2003, his second time handling those duties, the first being the 73rd Oscars. The 75th Annual Academy Awards was nominated for seven Emmy Awards, including a nomination for “Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program.”

Born in Waco, Texas and raised in Southern California, Mr. Martin became a television writer in the late 1960’s, winning an Emmy Award for his work on the hit series “The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour.” By the end of the decade he was performing his own material in clubs and on television.

Launched by frequent appearances on Johnny Carson’s “Tonight Show,” Mr. Martin went on to host several shows in the innovative “Saturday Night Live” series and to star in and co-write four highly rated television specials. When performing on national concert tours, he drew standing-room-only audiences in some of the largest venues in the country. He won Grammy Awards for his two comedy albums, “Let’s Get Small” and “A Wild and Crazy Guy,” and had a gold record with his single “King Tut.” In 2003, Martin also won a Grammy® Award for Best country instrumentalist for playing on Earl Scruggs 75th Anniversary album.

Mr. Martin’s first film project, “The Absent-Minded Waiter,” a short he wrote and starred in, was nominated for a 1977 Academy Award. In 1979, he moved into feature films, co-writing and starring in “The Jerk,” directed by Carl Reiner. In 1981, he starred opposite Bernadette Peters in Herbert Ross’ bittersweet musical comedy, “Pennies From Heaven.”

The actor then co-wrote and starred in the 1982 send-up of detective thrillers, “Dead Men Don’t Wear Plaid” and the science fiction comedy “The Man With Two Brains,” both directed by Carl Reiner. In 1984, Mr. Martin received a Best Actor Award from both the New York Film Critics Association and the National Board of Review for his performance opposite Lily Tomlin in “All of Me,” his forth collaboration with writer/director Carl Reiner.

In 1987, his motion picture hit, “Roxanne,” a modern adaptation of the Cyrano de Bergerac legend, garnered Martin not only warm audience response, but also a Best Actor Award from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association and Best Screenplay Award from the Writer Guild of America. Mr. Martin was also the executive producer on the film.

In 1988, he costarred with Michael Caine in the hit comedy film “Dirty Rotten Scoundrels,” his second feature collaboration with director Frank Oz (the first being “Little Shop of Horrors”). In 1989, he starred with Mary Steenburgen and Diane Wiest in Ron Howard’s affectionate family comedy, “Parenthood” for Universal Pictures.

In 1991, Mr. Martin wrote, starred in and co-executive produced the critically acclaimed comedy, “L.A. Story,” a motion picture about a love story set in Los Angeles. That same year he made a cameo appearance in Lawrence Kasdan’s critically lauded “Grand Canyon” and starred with Diane Keaton in the hit Disney film “Father Of The Bride,” receiving the People’s Choice Award for Favorite Actor in a Comedy Motion Picture for the latter. In 1992, he starred in the Universal comedy feature “Housesitter,” opposite Goldie Hawn, winning the People’s Choice Award for Favorite Actor in a Comedy, for the second year in a row.

In 1996, he starred again with Diane Keaton in the hit sequel to “Father of the Bride,” and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. In 1997, he received universal critical acclaim for his riveting performance in director David Mamet’s thriller, “The Spanish Prisoner.”

Mr. Martin wrote and starred in the hilarious 1999 feature comedy, “Bowfinger,” opposite Eddie Murphy for Director Frank Oz. The film was showcased at the Deauville International Film Festival.

Mr. Martin’s other films include classic comedies like Frank Oz’s “Little Shop of Horrors,” in which he played a demented dentist; John Hughes’ “Planes, Trains and Automobiles,” co-starring John Candy and the comic Western send-up “The Three Amigos” co-starring Marin Short and Chevy Chase.

In the fall of 1993, Mr. Martin’s first original play, the comedy-drama “Picasso at the Lapin Agile,” was presented by Chicago’s prestigious Steppenwolf Theatre. Following rave reviews and an extended run in Chicago, the play was presented successfully in Boston and Los Angeles, and then Off-Broadway in New York at the Promenade Theatre, to nationwide critical and audience acclaim. It has since been, and continues to be, mounted in productions worldwide. “WASP” a one act play that Martin wrote, was first performed at the Public Theatre in NY in 1995. “The Underpants,” a dark comedy Mr. Martin adapted from the 1911 play by Carl Sterneim, premiered Off-Broadway at the Classic Stage Company on April 4, 2002.

In 1996, Mr. Martin was honored with a retrospective of his work, by the American Film Institute’s Third Decade Council at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival. He was also presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the ceremony. In 2004 Martin was honored for his film work by the American Cinematheque. 

A selection of paintings from his extensive, private, modern art collection was given a special exhibition at the Bellagio Hotel gallery in Las Vegas in 2000, with catalog notes written for the show my Mr. Martin.

After the success of his first novella Shopgirl Mr. Martin’s second novella, “The Pleasure of My Company,” published by Hyperion, once again was ranked on best seller lists around the country including the New York Times. He has written a bestselling collection of comic pieces, Pure Drivel, and his work frequently appears in The New Yorker and the New York Times. 

He lives in New York City and Los Angeles. 
