G. K. Chesterton - Three Father Brown Stories - Read by Nigel Hawthorne


Source Cassette Tape
Total Duration approx 2:23 hours 
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR 
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


50p from "Age Concern" and worth every penny just to listen to Nigel Hawthorne IMHO. There is no indication whatsoever on either the inlay or tapes regarding abridgement or otherwise, so I am unable to supply any information as to the version of these stories.


The book

1. The Blue Cross (duration approx 51 minutes)
2. The Flying Stars (duration approx 37 minutes)
3. The Secret Garden (duration approx 55 minutes)


The author

Gilbert Keith Chesterton (29 May 1874 – 14 June 1936) was an English writer. His prolific and diverse output included philosophy, ontology, poetry, playwrighting, journalism, public lecturing and debating, literary and art criticism, biography, Christian apologetics, and fiction, including fantasy and detective fiction. Chesterton has been called the "prince of paradox". Time magazine, in a review of a biography of Chesterton, observed of his writing style: "Whenever possible Chesterton made his points with popular sayings, proverbs, allegories—first carefully turning them inside out." For example, Chesterton wrote "Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.".


The reader

Sir Nigel Barnard Hawthorne, CBE (5 April 1929 – 26 December 2001) was an English actor, perhaps best remembered for his role as Sir Humphrey Appleby, the Permanent Secretary in the 1980s sitcom Yes Minister and the Cabinet Secretary in its sequel, Yes, Prime Minister. For this role he won four Bafta Awards during the 1980s in the 'Best Light Entertainment Performance' Category. In the 1990s he won two more Baftas, one as Best TV Actor for 'The Fragile Heart' and one as Best Film Actor for The Madness of King George. His role in the latter also garnered him his sole Oscar nomination.


Enjoy and Seed!!