The Mighty Blue Kings
Meet Me In Uptown (1996)


Another group in the '90s retro resurrection of mid-century swing/jump-blues music spearheaded by Squirrel Nut Zippers and Royal Crown Revue, Mighty Blue Kings formed in Chicago during 1994, a septet of youthful but experienced musicians who wanted to offer clubgoers a night out 1940s-style. Vocalist Ross Bon, guitarist Gareth Best, saxophone players Jerry "Big J" DeVivo and Sam Burckhardt, bassist Jimmy Sutton, drummer Bob Carter, and pianist Donny Nichilo played local clubs for awhile, then gained a coveted residency at the Green Mill. After touring the Midwest and West Coast, Mighty Blue Kings were assured enough to begin recording. After forming their own R-Jay Records, the group released Meet Me in Uptown for an April 1996 release. Showcases at Austin's South by Southwest conference gained the band national attention, and upon signing to Sony's Work Records subsidiary they released their second album Come One, Come All in late 1997. A year later, the Mighty Blue Kings -- now consisting of Bon, Best, DeVivo, bassist Clark Sommers, saxophonist John Sandfort, and organist Chris Foreman -- returned with Live from Chicago. A seasonal effort, A Mighty Blue Christmas, was released in fall 2000.


Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit

Audio Quality:		Perfect (Lossless)
Grabber:		dBpoweramp Release 14
Encoder:		Flac 1.2.1
Encoder Settings:	High	
Contains:		Album Art, CRC, ID Tag [Vorbis Comments]
M3U File:		Yes

Format:			Flac
Genre:			Swing	
Source:			Retail CD
Label:			RJAY Records


Yet another band to emerge out of the '90s swing revival scene, but these guys came out before Brian Setzer hit it big, before the movie Swingers was ever scripted and before those Gap ads taught us how to "Jump, Jive an' Wail." It's safe to say that Chicago's Mighty Blue Kings were ahead of their time before any trend bandwagon hit. And with their debut Meet Me in Uptown, these guys are playing smooth without any big-budget production or high energy. Instead, this record has more of a laid-back, bluesy feel with production that sounds as if it was recorded in the 1940s. But it's not like this album is undanceable -- it still swings hard. And with that, the Mighty Blue Kings prove that a modern-day swing band can capture the authenticity of how the music was meant to sound. 


Track List:

01.Jumpin' At The Green Mill
02.Baby Drive Me Wild
03.Grinnin' Like A Chessy Cat
04.Loose Lips
05.Cadillac Boogie
06.Buzz Buzz Buzz
07.Big Mamou
08.Honey Chile Jump
09.Spark Of My Life
10.In The Night
11.Meet Me In Uptown
12.Rag Mop
13.Pink Cadillac
14.Tenor Madness



Cheers!