In the Name of the Father is a 1993 

biographical film directed by Jim Sheridan. It is based on the true life story of the Guildford Four, four people falsely convicted[2] of the IRA's Guildford pub bombings which killed four off-duty British soldiers and a civilian. The screenplay was adapted by Terry George and Jim Sheridan from the autobiography Proved Innocent: The Story of Gerry Conlon of the Guildford Four by Gerry Conlon


CAST-------

Daniel Day-Lewis as Gerry Conlon
 
Pete Postlethwaite as Giuseppe Conlon
 
John Lynch as Paul Hill
 
Mark Sheppard as Paddy Armstrong
 
Beatie Edney as Carole Richardson
 
Emma Thompson as Gareth Peirce
 
Don Baker as Joe McAndrew
 
Corin Redgrave as Inspector Robert Dixon
 
Gerard McSorley as Detective Pavis

 Frank Harper as Ronnie Smalls
 
Jamie Harris as Deptford Jim
 
Tom Wilkinson as Appeal Prosecutor


In the Name of the Father won the Golden Bear at the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.[4]
 
The film was also nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Actor in a Leading Role (Daniel Day-Lewis), Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Pete Postlethwaite), Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Emma Thompson), Best Director, Best Film Editing, Best Picture and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium


Gerry Conlon is shown in Belfast stripping lead from roofs when the security forces home in on the district with armoured cars, and the dustbin lids beat out a riot. His father later saves him from IRA justice, as they are about to kneecap him, and he is sent off to London for his own good. There he finds a squat, to explore, as he puts it, free love and drugs. The evening when he walks off with some money from a prostitute's flat is when an explosion at a pub in Guildford kills five people and wounds 65.
 
Returning to Belfast to share his fortune, the house is raided by special forces who arrest the whole family. Gerry and his friend are interrogated by police who intimidate them and he gives in and signs a confession when they threaten to kill his dad. In the subsequent trial, his family (the Macguire seven) are convicted of supporting the bombing on the basis of nitroglycerine traces, and four, including Gerry, are sentenced to long terms of imprisonment.
 
His time in jail shows a progression from a bitter son who rails at his father to an awakening when he discovers the real perpetrator of the bombing in the same jail. When this man sets fire to a jailer in a prison riot, Gerry is the one who saves him with a blanket. Gerry takes over the fight for justice himself when his father dies in custody.
 
A campaigning lawyer (Emma Thompson) who has been trying to talk to Gerry has a break when she tries to access his father's file and is able to look instead at Gerry's, finding a file marked "Not to be shown to the Defence". This leads to a triumphant scene in court when she produces the evidence that the police officers have been lying all the way through, which leads to the acquittal of all the accused.
