Title: Yumurta aka Egg
Year: 2007 
Country: Turkey
Language: Turkish
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,26 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 97 min
Resolution: 720 X 400
Bitrates: 192kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Semih Kaplanoglu
Starring: Nejat Isler (Yusuf)
          Saadet Aksoy (Ayla)
          Ufuk Bayraktar (Haluk)
          Tülin Özen (Sahaftaki Kadin)
          Gülçin Santýrcýoðlu (Gül)
          Kaan Karabacak (Çapaci Çocuk)
          Semra Kaplanoglu (Zehra)

IMDB Link:       
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1021004/

Synopis: Poet Yusuf (35-38) returns to his childhood hometown, which he hadn't visited for years, upon his mother's death. He is faced with a neglected, crumbling house. Ayla, a young girl (17-19) awaits him there. Yusuf has been unaware of the existence of this distant relation who had been living with his mother for five years; He stays by his dead mother's bedside for a while on the morning of his return. Ayla's presence alleviates the emotions evoked by death to an extent. But how will Yusuf cope with the guilt that embraces him after the funeral? Will he manage to overcome it? The maternal household's chattels, and everyday habits, the staid rhythm of the provinces and the spaces filled with ghosts&; The town he once had left to escape all this, re-enchants Yusuf. Yusuf finds out on the day he's due to return to Istanbul that he is obliged to perform the sacrifice his mother had been prevented by death from fulfilling. (IMDB)



THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ				