OLD TIME RADIO:


THE SOUND OF WAR



The Sound of War is an 18 episode collection. Jay Hickerson's "The Ultimate Guide to all Circulating Shows" states that this is how many were produced.

The series used the tagline "The Actual Sound Record of World War II. A drama preserved for all time through the medium of radio. An era not to be forgotten." The Sound of War contains many sound clips, some rare from such notable figures as Adolf Hitler, Franklin Roosevelt, Winston Churchill, Benito Mussolini, Neville Chamberlin, General Douglas McArthur, Charles DeGaulle, Hermann Goering, and many more.

It's not clear when the show was broadcast but they appear to be from the late 1950s or early 1960s. There are three episodes that are all labeled "The Fall of France" but they are indeed unique to each other. The producers seemed to place an emphasis on this period for some unknown reason.

The shows were produced by Bud Greenspan and narrated by his brother David Greenspan, also known as David Perry. The two went on to produce many film sports documentaries largely about the Olympics.





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: The Sound of War
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Complete
Certification Date: January 31, 2011
Certification Version: Version 1
Number of CDs: 1



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHERS GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.

OTRR Non-Certified -- A collection of shows that has not gone through the OTRR Certification process.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Sound_of_War_Ver1_CD_1of1.zip  ZIP  169.6 MB  
Image Files JPEG JPEG Thumb 
The Sound of War  682.5 KB 
 9.5 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Sound_of_War_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Sound_of_War_meta.xml  Metadata  4.1 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Sound_of_War_reviews.xml  Metadata  1.8 KB  
