 http://img441.imageshack.us/img441/5459/47476055.jpg



Female Orgasms



Published: Emily Nagoski, Ph.D. 
ISBN: ISBN 984322121
2010 
PDF 
108 pages 
English
3.14 MB




THE GOOD IN BED GUIDE TO ORALLY
PLEASURING A WOMAN.

Mark Coriddi
2010
ISBN 978-0-9843221-3-8
Page 98
English
1.78 MB

Want to learn how to achieve 487 different kinds of orgasms?
If so, you’re reading the wrong guidebook. Despite what many in the media would have you believe, there’s no such thing as a rainbow variety of orgasms—and you’re not sexually inadequate if you aren’t having them every night, all night.

Whether you plan to give or receive, believe us when we tell you that there is only one kind of orgasm. And this is very good news!

Orgasms are simply the explosive release of sexual tension. How that tension is generated doesn’t matter—and humans (particularly females), in their vast sexual plasticity, can have an orgasm from nearly any kind of stimulation, given practice and a sexy context.

Mostly women have an orgasm via clitoral stimulation—and as you’ll learn in a bit, the clitoris is everywhere you want it to be. It’s VAST. Women can also have an orgasm via shallow or deep vaginal penetration, internal or external anal stimulation, inner thigh or breast stimulation, earlobes, toes, backs of the knees, small of the back, arches of the feet… pretty much if there’s sensation, you can learn to have orgasms from it. In fact, some women can even have an orgasm just by thinking about it.

And orgasms can feel different, too. A g-spot generated orgasm can feel very different from a clitorally-generated orgasm. (You’ll learn about how to give and receive both in this guide.) Orgasms are as heterogeneous as women are.

So remember, there are lots of ways to generate sexual tension, but only one orgasmic response. Whatever way you get there is completely groovy, and if you want to learn how to give or get them in new ways, practice, practice practice.

That’s what this guide is all about. You and your partner are going to learn loads about the female body and how it works, get to know your sexual response and arousal, discover how to locate—and stimulate—your g-spot, and even explore fun, sexy stuff like multiple and simultaneous orgasms...............



[/color][/code][/b]