Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction (2010/ENG/RUS/Repack) 
PC Game | Window | English | 4.33 GB 
You are on the run. For you ruthlessly hunts the government, which you once served. The key to your survival - improvisation and adaptation. The pleasure that you get from this game, woven from elements of Splinter Cell series and the new features: full interaction with the environment. Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction will make the adrenaline in your blood boil, without stopping: chases, unarmed combat and intense exchange of fire form the basis of the game. To survive, you will have to establish contacts with the underground, which will help you get a high-tech gadgetry and always stay one step ahead of his pursuers - in fact you should disclose the conspiracy of those who wish you dead. 
Year: 2010 
Genre: Action & Adventure 
Developer & Publisher: Ubisoft Montreal & Ubisoft Entertainment 
Developer: Ubisoft Montreal 
Publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment 
Platform: PC 

Features: 
- Action of a new generation. With the latest systems "last known position" and "identify and destroy" the battle with the enemies will go to a new level. 
- Movie effects. Unique storyline and at least a unique style of its submission to the player for a long time delay you for a game. World Fisher - a world in which nobody can be trusted, and for justice to be done has to transgress the law. 
- Unique visual effects. A brand new game engine will enjoy a pleasant graphics in seamless world, where the loading screen remained in the distant past. All this fully to enjoy the unique story of Sam Fisher. 
- Slaughter multiplayer. Completely new multiplayer modes bring the game even more drive. Also, you remember the story, which preceded the main plot of the game, and get a unique opportunity to take control of a special agent of Russian intelligence. 

Publication Type: Repack license 
Language: ENG/RUS 
Voice set Language: English 
Tabletka: Not required 

Features Repack Version: 
• Do not cut. 
• Video reaped by 65%. 
• Bilingual, English and Russian, version. 
• Tablet enclosing. 

Recommended System Requirements 
OS: Windows XP/Vista/7 
Processor: Intel Core 2 DUO @ 1.8 GHz/Athlon X2 64 @ 2.4 GHz 
Memory: 1.5 GB for Windows XP; 2 GB for Windows Vista or 7 
Hard Drive: 10 GB Free 
Video Memory: 512 MB (NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GS/ATI Radeon 4670) 
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible 
DirectX: 9.0c or 10 
Keyboard & Mouse 
DVD Rom Drive 

Supported Video Cards at Time of Release: 
NVIDIA GeForce 7800 / 7900 / 8 / 9 / GTX series 
ATI RADEON X1800 / X1900 / HD 2000 / HD 4000 / HD 5000 series 
ATI HD 3000 NOT supported at time of release. 
Laptop versions of these cards may work but are NOT supported. These chipsets are the only ones that will run this game. 
