The Armenian genocide

Documentary on the Armenian Genocide
Dir. Michael Jones

Turkey denies the government the "Armenian genocide" the killings of Arms Irish in the period 1895-1923 which many historians more than one million victims. The Turkish government says that crimes were committed, even by soldiers, but of a deliberate plan to eradicate absence. Several Turkish historians and Turkish activists called for open discussion about the genocide, such as Taner Akcam and Birdal, are prosecuted. Amnesty campaigned for them. The Turkish-Armenian journalist Hrant Dink (1954-2007) was at the office of his newspaper in Istanbul killed, probably by order of nationalist leaders. For his articles that he Armenian Genocide was denounced repeatedly prosecuted under Article 301 of the Turkish Penal Code that "insulting the Turkish are" punishable.
The historic mass killings by governments and many international scientific organizations explicitly identified as genocide, because available documentation indicates the direct involvement of former cabinet members and military leadership in violent actions that a mass mortality of the Armenian population in mind. In Switzerland in early 2007 a Turkish journalist condemned the Armenian Genocide denial, Switzerland has legislation that criminalizes denial of genocide. The French parliament accepted the end of 2006 a bill that denial of the Armenian genocide a punishable offense.
Amnesty International believes that French law should take effect because the vague wording could lead to restrictions on freedom of expression and information. Amnesty has never ruled on whether the mass killings of Arms Irish as "genocide" can be considered. The term did not exist at the time of the massacres, they dated from 1944. (However, it was on May 24, 1915, in a statement of the Allies regarding the Armeniwrs, for the first time the term "crimes against humanity 'is used.)


The Hidden Holocaust (1992) - the Armenian Genocide 

Thanks to Bosmon1