

                 




              Hammerfall Infected [Limited Edition] 320 Kbps





Cd

1. Patient Zero

2. Bang Your Head

3. One More Time

4. The Outlaw

5. Send Me A Sign

6. Dia De Los Muertos

7. I Refuse

8. 666 - The Enemy Within

9. Immortalized

10. Let's Get It On

11. Redemption






Duration: 51:24







Bitrate: 320 kbps 
Channels: stereo
Samplerate: 44100
Encoder: LAME 3.82
CRC: yes
Copyright: no
Private: no
Original: yes












The Swedish Power Metal juggernaut that is HAMMERFALL are back! 
'INFECTED', the eighth studio album of the Templars,
now marks the begin of a new time for the quintet: 
For the first time since the turn of the millennium
 and after roughly ten years of cooperation, 
Charlie Bauerfeind was NOT responsible for the production. 
The result - After the opener 'Patient Zero', a highspeed hymn la 
'Painkiller'/Judas Priest, the programmatic as well as 
HammerFall-like Headbanger 'Bang Your Head' and the 
slightly swinging 'One More Time' with its subtle dramatic 
flair one thing is for sure: The five Swedes were able 
to combine their 80s roots and True Metal aspects of the
 first two albums perfectly with a fresh touch, which takes 
account of both modern influences and listening habits
 of the 21st century. Subsequently, another lightly swinging 
uptempo anthem 'The Outlaw' commends itself as a successor to 
'Renegade', the straightforward and unfussy 
'Dia De Los Muertos' seizes on Teutonic virtues and 'I Refuse'
  the album's heavyweight  marches harshly from first to last, 
enriched with massive grooves made in the USA and an
 unostentatious cross-reference to the brute sound of 
Rammstein. It doesn't matter whether you take '666 
The Enemy Within' with its dynamic rhythm alterations, 
the monolithic stamper 'Immortalized', the irresistible party anthem 
'Let's Get It On', the Pokolgep-remake 'Send Me A Sign' or the melancholic opus
'Redemption' that marks an epic ending: 
'INFECTED', quickly turns out to be a fresh, pestiferous 
Rock'n'Roll virus in every department, which sure will infect 
Metalheads all around the world. 
No need for an immunization  there's no cure for it anyway!

