 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 24 - Debt Collapse plus Split Money and Freedom






POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 24 - Debt Collapse plus Split Money and Freedom


Description:



Debt Collapse - 20,000 Bucks in Gold - Mike Maloney: 
http://www.goldsilver.com Mike Maloney is the author of the world's best selling book on precious metals investing. Since 2003 he has been advocating gold and silver as the ultimate means of protecting wealth from the games played by our governments and banking sector. In this 90 minute presentation he lays down his 'most likely' scenario for the global economy over the next deacde...short term deflation, followed by big or even hyperinflation. Here you will learn the true definitions of inflation/deflation, the difference between currency and money, price vs value, 'Wealth Cycles', gold and silver accounting for the expansion of fiat currency, gold and silver supply and demand, the differences between the today's bull market and that of the 1970s, The Debt Collapse, and more.

If you would like to know more check out Mike's websites http://www.GoldSilver.com and http://www.wealthcycles.com

Mike sends out a free weekly newsletter from each of the above sites each with valuable information on the economy and gold & silver, see you there.

Default
Greek
Greece
Debt Crisis
Debt
Debt Ceiling

Why Gold and Silver is still one of the best ways for a newcomer to get up to speed with gold and silver. It is jam packed with information and calm analysis by the top experts in the field.  If you have a friend or family member who wants to know about precious metals but you can't find the time to help them understand, or if there is someone you want to help but they just won't listen, or even if you just want to say 'Haha! Told you so!'....do them a favor and send them the link to this movie.

In Debt Collapse, an inspiring 90 minute presentation, Mike Maloney discusses the truth about our economic systems and why precious metals have achieved record high prices while the global economy is collapsing. As Mike, the founder of GoldSilver.com, points out – the economic events we are witnessing today are just a repetition of the surest economic cycle in history – the flight from unbacked fiat paper currencies (dollars, euros, yen, pounds, pesos, etc) to real money – physical gold and silver bullion.


Split Money and Freedom:

Just the other day we were informed about the existence of a new documentary that promotes libertarianism and Austrian school of economics. We checked it out and the following paragraphs contain our first impression.

"Split: Money and Freedom," is 85 minute long documentary created in May 2011 by an individual named Ante Zilic from Split, Croatia, and is available for viewing in seven parts on youtube. It was produced in English language but is also providing both English and Croatian subtitles as well. It contains a well researched narrative about many important subjects concerning government, economy, money, and human freedom. Closest other work that comes to mind is Money as Debt, also available on youtube.

If you are a libertarian and a free marketeer, in "Split: Money and Freedom" you will hear about the things you mostly already know, but the real value in watching it comes from hearing it all from a different angle, which will only help strengthen your knowledge. Socialists and Keynesians on the other hand could certainly learn a great deal from it, only if they would dare watch it.

But it is the regular everyday folks that this documentary was primarily created for and as such it would benefit them the most. It reveals a great deal of information about things most people have never heard before and were never meant to hear. To this audience, some of the presented information will be shocking and defying common sense, but it is nevertheless completely true. Some of it will also be confusing, as the documentary introduces many new terms and concepts that require further research. However, the author himself states that his goal was not explain everything, but rather to get the audience thinking about the ideas and topics discussed, and to encourage them to watch the documentary more than once and also do their own research to find out more.

Split: Money and Debt documentary is a very pleasant surprise, it is a very valuable addition to the libertarian/free market multimedia library of knowledge, helping shed more light on some of the most important topics that govern our lives. The fact that it was produced by someone from western Balkans and that it comes with Croatian language support is even more pleasing. We hope to get to know its author Mr. Ante Zilic, and to conduct an interview with him in the near future. His website: www.antemind.com

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit;=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

 (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS  

        