M.O.D. (Method of Destruction) was a crossover thrash band from New York City, fronted by former Anthrax roadie and Stormtroopers of Death vocalist Billy Milano. The band existed from 1986 to 1997, and again from 2001 to 2008. With M.O.D., Milano sought to continue on the musical path of the bands Anthrax and Nuclear Assault, mixing shades of hardcore punk with thrash metal and often humorous and politically incorrect lyrics.

First four albumsU.S.A. for M.O.D., the band's debut album, was produced by S.O.D. bandmate and Anthrax guitarist Scott Ian. The first track, "Aren't You Hungry?", a reworking of an unrecorded S.O.D. song, is notable for the lyric "fuck those niggers' charity," referring to the then-common famine relief activism such as We Are the World.

M.O.D.'s second effort, Surfin' M.O.D., was an anomaly, featuring little thrash metal, focusing more on humorous cover songs and a beach party atmosphere. The band would return to their roots on Gross Misconduct, as well as further expand their sound on Rhythm of Fear. It was around this time that Milano performed a reunion show with S.O.D. at The Ritz in New York.

Devolution, Dictated Aggression and first splitThe following releases, Devolution and Dictated Aggression, suffered from poor distribution and going out of print, despite Milano's heavier style and more serious lyrics. The albums were eventually reissued on Blackout Records in 2004.

Following M.O.D.'s split in 1997, Milano reformed S.O.D., who released a subsequent album, Bigger than the Devil, in 1999.

Reunion and second splitIn 2001, Milano reformed M.O.D. with a new lineup, and two years later, released The Rebel You Love to Hate, somewhat of a return to Milano's humorous past with jabs at white suburban rap fans and the War on Terrorism. M.O.D. relocated to Austin, Texas, and released the album Red, White, and Screwed in October 2007 through Index Entertainment, and launched a supporting tour in summer 2008. The band played its final show in the United States on September 13, 2008.
