Official Web Site:  http://www.techsmith.com/camtasia.html

Use Camtasia to…

* Record PowerPoint presentations, websites, webcams, and software
  demos easily

* Edit screencasts to perfection by cutting, splicing, adding transitions,
  and captions

* Produce your video in many formats, or share to YouTube or
  Screencast.com

Record

With Camtasia Studio’s flexible recording options, you can choose to capture full screen, window or region. Add in music tracks, microphone, your computer's audio, plus picture-in-picture with your video camera, and you've got a world-class screencast.
 
PowerPoint Plug-in

The toolbar inside of PowerPoint makes it one-click-easy to record your presentations, either live or from your desk.

SmartFocus

TechSmith's exclusive SmartFocus technology keeps track of where the action happens during your recording. Then it produces a video that zooms in on the parts you need to show.
 
Edit

Once you have your content recorded, polish it up and turn it into a professional screencast.
 
Callouts

Add a graphic over your video to direct the attention of your viewers. You can even link to an external webpage or jump to a part of the video.

Cursor effects

Highlight cursor movements and mouse clicks to help viewers follow the action.

Library
It comes stocked with professionally-designed assets you can drag-and-drop into your video. It's also the perfect place to store your callouts, title slides, and other assets for re-use and sharing.
 
Title Clips and Transitions

Walk your audience through your content easily with title clips that introduce or divide your video. Move smoothly between clips with over 20 transition options.

Captioning Through Speech-to-Text

Camtasia Studio can automatically transcribe your video’s audio file into 508-compliant open or closed captions. And by "learning" your voice over time, your captions get more and more accurate.
Want to be more hands-on? It's also easy to type your own captions or import 3rd party SRT and SMI transcription files.
 
Quizzing

Ask your audience what they got out of your video. Easily add Flash quizzes to any point in the screencast.

Table of Contents & Search

Make it easy for viewers to skip to the video section they need to watch now with Camtasia Studio’s smart Table of Contents feature. Just record a PowerPoint presentation as normal, and Camtasia Studio will use your slide titles to create the table of contents automatically!
A search bar sits just above the Table of Contents, which helps you search-for and jump-to any word written within the presentation.  

Import Media

Digital video clips, photos, music, animations—Camtasia Studio makes it a cinch to pull them into your project

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6 or greater

--- PLEASE SEED ---
