White Palms (2006), DVDR(xvid), NL Subs, DMT
Originele titel: Fehér Tenyér
Hongarije
Drama
97 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0464955/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/38178

geregisseerd door Szabolcs Hajdu
met Zoltán Miklós Hajdu, Kyle Shewfelt en Gheorghe Dinica

Miklos Dongo was een Olympisch gymnast aan wiens carrière een einde kwam door een blessure. Hij 
reist naar Canada om daar een gymnastiekcoach te worden en krijgt één van Canada's grootste 
talenten onder zijn hoede. Maar het valt niet mee tot de jongen door te dringen. Het talent is ijdel en 
gevoelig en Miklos zelf kampt met een trauma door zijn eigen gymnastiekopvoeding vroeger van een
 tyrannieke coach.

An athlete recalls his troubled youth while helping to coach a talented but headstrong youngster in 
this drama from Hungarian filmmaker Szabolcs Hajdu. Miklos Dongo (Miklos Zoltan Hajdu) is a world 
class gymnast who competed in the Olympics before taking on his current career as a performer with 
Cirque du Soleil. Miklos has been hired to help coach some contenders for the Canadian Olympic 
team, and finds himself working with Kyle Manjak (Kyle Shewfelt), an unusually talented young man 
whose mood swings make him difficult to work with. As Miklos tries to help Kyle focus his talents and 
come to terms with his demons, he finds himself frequently looking back on his own early career as a 
gymnast in Hungary -- his brutal coach Puma (Gheorghe Dinica), his domineering parents (Andor 
Lukats and Oana Pellea), and the grim regimen that led him to run away from home to join an 
acrobatics troupe. Coaching brings some of Miklos's personal issues back to the surface and he is 
confronted by the violent side of his nature while training Kyle. Miklos Zoltan Hajdu, who plays 
Miklos Dongo, is the brother of director Szabolcs Hajdu as well as an Olympic-class gymnast; he's 
played as a younger man by Orion Radies and Silas Radies.

Source: Retail
Size: 900 MB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1242 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  608 x 336
Frames/s:25.000  Fps
Audio:  English / Russian / Hungarian
Audio Code: AC3
Bitrate: 448  kbps
Channels:  6
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Drama

Deze film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER



