Samantha Fox
Greatest Hits (1992)


When she was 16 years old, Samantha Fox rose to stardom in Britain as a topless model in the Daily Sun newspaper. Fox's popularity as a model soon led to a record contract. She released her first single, "Touch Me (I Want Your Body)," in 1986. "Touch Me" set the pattern for her career -- frothy, sexually suggestive dance-pop with good beats and sketchy melodies. Throughout her career, Fox always accentuated her sex appeal, making it take priority over her music. Nevertheless, she had a fairly long string of hits, beginning with the U.K. number three single "Touch Me." "Do Ya, Do Ya (Wanna Please Me)" followed her debut single into the British Top Ten. 


Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Grabber:		dBpoweramp Release 14
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Pop/Rock		
Source:			Retail CD	
Label:			Jive

British pinup turned pop star Samantha Fox collected a healthy number of dance-pop hits in the late 1980s and early 1990s, and they are all collected on her 1992 Greatest Hits set. Her early hits, including the steamy Top Ten "Touch Me (I Want Your Body)," which kick-started her career, and its follow-up, the almost-rocker "Do Ya Do Ya (Wanna Please Me)," are prime examples of classic 1980s pop, with just a hint of hair-band rock (especially evident on "Spirit of America"). From there the album moves into the straight pop of "Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now," which was produced by hit-making machine Stock, Aiken and Waterman, as was her bubblegum (but highly satisfying) version of Dusty Springfield's "I Only Wanna Be With You." Her other big U.S. Top Five hit, "Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)," is also present, but in a terribly edited version. In the early 1990s, Fox's music took a more straight-forward house/dance turn, evident on great singles like the Top Ten "I Wanna Have Some Fun" and the steamy, red-hot "Love House." Other highlights include the catchy dance track "I Promise You," the terrific single "Another Woman (Too Many People)" (arguably one of the album's best songs), and the bonus, non-listed "U.K. Megamix." Also included are several rarities, including "Hot Lovin'," the guitar-heavy "Giving Me a Hard Time," and "Even in the Darkest Hours." A surprisingly diverse collection from a singer many regarded as little more than a commercial gimmick. 


Track List:

01.Touch Me (I Want Your Body)
02.Do Ya Do Ya (Wanna Please Me)
03.Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now
04.I Only Want To Be With You
05.I Surrender (To The Spirit Of The Night)
06.I Wanna Have Some Fun
07.Hold On Tight
08.Just One Night
09.Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)
10.I Promise You (Get Ready)
11.(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction
12.Love House
13.Another Woman (Too Many People)
14.Spirit Of America
15.Hot Lovin'
16.Giving Me A Hard Time
17.Even In The Darkest Hours
18.UK Megamix



Cheers!