The Cars - Why Can't I Have You [promo].mp4



HQ very rare promo music video. "Why Can't I Have You" is a title song from Heartbeat City, the fifth studio album by American rock band The Cars, released in 1984.

Heartbeat City contains a total of five American Top 40 singles, two of which ("Drive" and "You Might Think") were Top 10 as well, reaching #3 and #7, respectively. A number of songs from the album gained significant radio and TV exposure, notably "You Might Think", which had a memorable music video in heavy rotation on MTV in 1984 and 1985. 

Another hit single frequently seen on MTV was "Magic", in which singer/songwriter Ric Ocasek walked on water, that is, the water in a swimming pool at a backyard barbecue party. This song reached #12 in the U.S. 

The "Drive" video (directed by actor Timothy Hutton) showed Ocasek, who did not sing the song, arguing with a troubled young woman played by model Paulina Porizkova, whom Ocasek would soon marry. The lead vocal on "Drive" was bassist Benjamin Orr. 

"Hello Again" had a video directed by the legendary Andy Warhol -- who also appeared onscreen, further raising the video's curiosity factor. The song "Stranger Eyes" was used in the theatrical trailer of the 1986 film Top Gun, but it never made it into the soundtrack.

The album was produced by acclaimed producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange. His commitment to the Cars album meant that he wasn't able to work on the forthcoming Def Leppard album, Hysteria. (However, due to delays in that album's recording, Lange was eventually able to produce the album.)

On October 21, 2010, The Cars confirmed that they have reunited and are recording their first album in 23 years. Greg Hawkes will fill in on bass for Benjamin Orr, who died in 2000. (Source: Billboard)
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heartbeat_City 
      
http://bayimg.com/fAdmiAADH 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 640x480 29.97fps 4974kbps
   Audio: AAC (Advanced Video Codec) 48000Hz stereo 259kbps
   Duration: 00:04:02



*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	