Batman: Arkham Asylum GOTY Edition [ENG|Multi-5][EIDOS] 2010 TRiViUM

                    T e a M  T R i V i U M   P r e s e n t S                 
                                                                           
                                                                            
                   Batman: Arkham Asylum GOTY Edition (c) Eidos              
                                     *MULTi 5*                              
                                                                          
                     RELEASE DATE .................. : 01/2011            
                     RELEASE SiZE .................... : 1 rar            
                     PROTECTiON ............... : SecuROM 7.41            
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                   RELEASE NOTES                              
                                                                          
                                                                          
             In Batman: Arkham Asylum the player assumes the role of      
             Batman as he delivers The Joker to Arkham Asylum. There,     
             the imprisoned super-villains have set a trap and an         
             immersive combat gaming experience unfolds. With an          
             original script penned by Emmy Award-winning Batman          
             writer Paul Dini, the game brings the universe of DC         
             Comics' detective to life!                                   
             Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a unique, dark      
             and atmospheric adventure that takes them to the depths      
             of Arkham Asylum - Gotham's psychiatric hospital for the     
             criminally insane. Gamers will move in the shadows,          
             instigate fear amongst their enemies and confront The        
             Joker and Gotham City's most notorious villains who have     
             taken over the asylum. Using a wide range of Batman's        
             gadgets and abilities, players will become the invisible     
             predator and attempt to foil The Joker's demented scheme.    
             Expanding the gameplay of the original boxed edition, the    
             Batman: Arkham Asylum - Game of the Year Edition comes       
             with all six previously released Downloadable Content        
             Challenge Maps on disc, giving players further opportunity   
             to hone their combat skills. Gamers can face-off against     
             Arkham Asylum's toughest inmates in some of the iconic       
             environs from the game such as the infamous Crime Alley      
             and the insane Scarecrow Nightmare. The Game of the Year     
             Edition also offers a play-in-3D option compatible with      
             all standard and high definition TV sets.                    
                                                                          
                                                                          
             Features:                                                    
                                                                          
              - Utilize the unique FreeFlowTM combat system to chain      
                together unlimited combos seamlessly and battle with      
                huge groups of The Joker's henchmen in brutal melee       
                brawls                                                    
              - Investigate as Batman, the WORLD'S GREATEST DETECTIVE,    
                by solving intricate puzzles with the help of cutting     
                edge forensic tools including x-ray scanning,             
                fingerprint scans, "Amido Black" spray and a pheromone    
                tracker                                                   
              - Face off against Gotham's greatest villains including     
                The Joker, HARLEY QUINN, POISON IVY and KILLER CROC       
              - Become the Invisible Predator with Batman's fear          
                takedowns and unique vantage point system to move         
                without being seen and hunt enemies                       
              - Choose multiple takedown methods, including swooping      
                from the sky and smashing through walls.                  
              - Explore every inch of Arkham Asylum and roam freely on    
                the infamous island, presented for the first time ever    
                in its gritty and realistic entirety                      
              - Experience what it's like to be BATMAN using BATARANGS,   
                explosive gel aerosol, The Batclaw, sonar resonator and   
                the line launcher                                         
              - Unlock more secrets by completing hidden challenges in    
                the world and develop and customize equipment by earning  
                experience points                                         
              - Enjoy complete superhero freedom in the environment with  
                the use of Batman's grapnel gun to get to any place you   
                can see, jump from any height and glide in any direction  
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                   iNSTALL NOTES                              
                                                                              
                                                                            
                    - Unpack                                               
                    - Install the game                                    
                    - Copy the cracked content from the TRiViUM folder    
                    - Enjoy ;)                                            
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                    GROUP NOTES                               
                                                                              
                                                                            
                            Greets: THETA, TSRh, tPORt                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
-------------------------------------------------------------------


all the useful information in the file trivium.nfo and

 
http://peerat.ru:8080/forum/viewtopic.php?t=4010


-------------------------------------------------------------------


