 http://bayimg.com/HaKjdAaDH

The Seven-Per-Cent Solution (1976) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075194/

The Seven-Per-Cent Solution: Being a Reprint from the Reminiscences of John H. Watson, M.D. is a 1974 novel by American writer Nicholas Meyer. It is written as a pastiche of a Sherlock Holmes adventure, and was adapted for the cinema in 1976.

Published as a "lost manuscript" of the late Dr. John H. Watson, the book recounts Holmes' recovery from cocaine addiction (with the help of Sigmund Freud) and his subsequent prevention of a European war through the unravelling of a sinister kidnapping plot. It was followed by two other Holmes pastiches by Meyer, The West End Horror (1976) and The Canary Trainer (1993), neither of which has been adapted to film.

The story was adapted for the screen in 1976 in a Universal Studios production, directed by Herbert Ross, scripted by Meyer and designed by James Bond veteran Ken Adam. The all-star cast featured Nicol Williamson as Holmes, Robert Duvall as Watson, Alan Arkin as Dr. Sigmund Freud, with Laurence Olivier as Moriarty, Charles Gray as Mycroft Holmes (the role he reprised in the Jeremy Brett TV series), Samantha Eggar as Mary Watson, Vanessa Redgrave as Lola Devereaux, Joel Grey as Lowenstein, and Jeremy Kemp as Baron von Leinsdorf and Williamson's then wife Jill Townsend playing his character's mother (Mrs. Holmes). The film was made at Pinewood Studios with location shooting in the UK and Austria (including the famous Austrian National Library); the tennis match/duel between Freud and von Leinsdorf was filmed on one of the historic real tennis courts at the Queen's Club in West Kensington, London.  The chase on the trains was shot with set-dressed British steam locomotives and freight cars dressed up as coaches.

 Alan Arkin ...  Dr. Sigmund Freud 
 Vanessa Redgrave ...  Lola Deveraux 
 Robert Duvall ...  Dr. John H. Watson / Narrator 
 Nicol Williamson ...  Sherlock Holmes 
 Laurence Olivier ...  Professor James Moriarty 
 Joel Grey ...  Lowenstein 
 Samantha Eggar ...  Mary Morstan Watson 
 Jeremy Kemp ...  Baron von Leinsdorf 
 Charles Gray ...  Mycroft Holmes 
 Régine ...  Madame 
 Georgia Brown ...  Mrs. Freud 
 Anna Quayle ...  Freda 
 Jill Townsend ...  Mrs. Holmes 
 John Bird ...  Berger 
 Alison Leggatt ...  Mrs. Hudson 

Meyer adapted his novel to screenplay form, but the film version differs significantly from the novel, mainly by supplementing the book's Austrian baron-villain (played by Jeremy Kemp) with an older Turkish foe. Also, the film departs from traditional Holmes canon in portraying the detective as light-haired instead of the traditional black-haired, and as a somewhat flirtatious Holmes at that (Doyle's hero never let women see any signs of interest). Furthermore, the traumatic revelation that affected Holmes in his childhood is heightened - the final hypnosis therapy reveals that Sherlock personally witnessed his mother's murder by his father, and that Moriarty himself was his mother's lover. Finally, the lady whom Holmes saves in the story's climatic chase, Lola Devereaux, appears on his ship as he departs for his sabbatical with the purpose of joining him and Holmes eagerly accepts the offer. Meyer's three Holmes novels are much more faithful to the original stories in these regards.

The Seven-Per-Cent Solution is a 1976 Universal Studios Sherlock Holmes film, directed by Herbert Ross and written by Nicholas Meyer. It is based on Meyer's 1974 novel of the same name.

The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay) and Academy Award for Best Costume Design at the 49th Academy Awards.

Writer-director Nicholas Meyer scored the biggest hit of his film career when he somewhat surprisingly steered Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan, into the top ten list of box office champions for 1982; it grossed more than 48 Hrs. and Poltergeist. But one could argue that Meyer's most inventive screen work is his script for The Seven-Per-Cent Solution (1976), which he adapted from his own, critically-acclaimed novel. Although The Seven-Per-Cent Solution was ably directed by Hollywood mainstay Herbert Ross, its real draw is Meyer's audacious pairing of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional detective, Sherlock Holmes, with the very real father of psychoanalysis, Sigmund Freud. It's an engaging combination that makes for a fascinating, often playful film.

In Meyer's rather modernistic take on Holmes, Dr. Watson (Robert Duvall) grows concerned with Holmes' (Nicol Williamson) increasing dependence on cocaine (the "seven-per-cent solution" of the title refers to the injection that Holmes administers to himself; 7% cocaine, 93% water). Hoping to cure the detective of his addiction, Watson contrives to have him meet the up-and-coming Freud (Alan Arkin). Holmes and Freud impress each other with their respective powers of deduction, and soon team up to save a patient of Freud's, Lola Deveraux (Vanessa Redgrave), who has been kidnapped.

Meyer raised the bar high when he set out to write his novel. Given the seriousness of Freud's groundbreaking work, Meyer could have wound up trivializing one of the giants of analytical thought. Then again, playing too fast and loose with the Sherlock Holmes persona could have alienated legions of Holmes purists. Certainly, not everyone was happy to see such overt emphasis placed on Holmes' cocaine addiction, and the re-imagining of his arch nemesis, Prof. Moriarty, comes out of left field. But, in both the book and the film, Meyer never takes a wayward step. In fact, he was nominated for an Oscar® for Best Adapted Screenplay, with the eventual winner being William Goldman, for his brilliant work on All the President's Men.

Meyer had long been a Sherlock Holmes fan. When his father, a psychoanalyst, couldn't be persuaded to write a tome on Holmes and the psychological pull of detective stories, Meyer decided to research the topic himself (he remembered his father once telling him that being a psychoanalyst was not unlike being a detective). A screenwriters' strike suddenly left him with nothing else to do, so, as he put it, he "just sat in for six months and immersed myself in Holmes." While pouring through assorted books, he also got in touch with The Baker Street Regulars, a Sherlock Holmes fan club that boasts over 15,000 members. When the dust settled, Meyer had a novel based on, as he put it, "the meeting in Vienna of the world's two most brilliant detectives."

Meyer had more than his share of legal trouble while writing both the novel and the screenplay. You can't just swipe a licensed character out of somebody else's work and use him in your own book, so Meyer's lawyers had to convince Baskerville Investments Ltd. (the legal name of the Doyle estate) to loan Holmes out for a while. Then, when the movie was in development, Sigmund Freud's daughter, Dr. Anna Freud, refused to have herself fictionalized by Hollywood. That's why Freud has a son in the picture, rather than a daughter.

The Seven-Per-Cent Solution, by the way, would have featured music by Bernard Herrmann, who, of course wrote a string of remarkable scores for Alfred Hitchcock in the 1950s. Herrmann had to back out at the last minute, due to illness. Taxi Driver (1976) would turn out to be his final film credit.

