John Fogerty
The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again


Label: Verve
Released: 2009
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 285 MB
Format: FLAC




John Fogerty, leader of the legendary, late ‘60s-early ‘70s band Creedence Clearwater Revival, returns with The Blue Ridge Rangers.  The first and, until now, only album by Fogerty and the Rangers was issued 36 years ago; the “group” consisted of Fogerty, who played all the instruments and sang all the parts on the tribute to old-time country and gospel music.  On the new “The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again,” Fogerty is joined by crack musicians Jay Bellerose, Dennis Crouch, Greg Leisz, Herb Pederson – and Bruce Springsteen on a cover of the Everly Brothers’ “When Will I Be Loved” and the Eagles’ Don Henley and Timothy B. Schmidt on Rick Nelson’s “Garden Party.” 



Interview with The Wall Street Journal:  


How did you pick the songs for the new album?

Most of them I’ve been carrying  around with me for a long time.  I’m kind of always collecting songs.  It’s been in the back of my mind to do another Blue Ridge Rangers album, so when I’d hear a song I’d think, “That would be good for that.”

Any particular reason you didn’t play all the instruments yourself this time?

Oh yeah.  On the first one, it was a lot of work.  Really more than most musicians have to go through when you have other people carrying the load for you.  About a week after it was done, I felt the feeling of the music would’ve been better if I had other really good musicians on it.  But I wasn’t running in that kind of circle back then. I told myself the next time I’m going to get really good guys.

There’s a very nice vibe on the new album.  Were the sessions as mellow as they seem? 

Pretty much.  That was very important to me.  Sometimes, you get good people together and it’s as stiff as a board, with guy’s showing off or stepping on the other guy’s thing.  It can come out corporate-sounding and I sure didn’t want that.  I’ve got this album “The Great Dobro Sessions” by Jerry Douglas.  He got a lot of his idols and friends together and he surrounded himself with good people and they had a really great time.  I was going for that.
These sessions were so exciting.  I would say joyful.  They understood my concept of the Blue Ridge Rangers – it’s a certain way of doing it, an attitude.  These guys translated that feeling.  The joyfulness is more important than the particular music that’s being played.  I’m very happy with it.

How did the duet with Springsteen come about?

My wife Julie picked some of the songs.  She wanted me to do “When Will I Be Loved,” and in her vision she wanted me to sing it with Bruce Springsteen.  I’d been wanting to do something with Bruce for a long time.  With her added blessing, it was done.

That line in “Garden Party” – “You can’t please everyone so you’ve got to please yourself” – does that resonate with you?

Very much.  I realize there’s a certain segment that’s not going to like this record.  You know, “I hate country music or why is John singing soft.”  It will be off the radar for some people.  But a lot of people will get it.
That story sounds like you.”  Then she said, “And I’d like you to sing it with the Eagles.”  When you’re around somebody like that, you just dummy up and go with it.
Don Henley was a big fan of the song and that line “If memories were all I sang, I’d rather drive a truck.”  We’re a couple of guys who don’t want to be packaged as an oldies sort of thing.  We still have new music to make.  We still have creative forces within us.

Will you tour behind this album?

Absolutely.  These are the kinds of songs you play live.  The whole vibe of the recording is live.  When you have people around you who can handle those things, you want to keep playing with them.  If guys can only strum an open G chord, it’s not much fun.

I hope you don’t wait 36 years for the third Blue Ridge Rangers album.  You’ll be 109 years old.

I’ll make it a scorcher.




Personnel

John Fogerty - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, lead vocal, back vocals, harmony vocals,
Buddy Miller - electric guitar, acoustic guitar,
Kenny Aronoff - percussion, drums,
Greg Leisz - steel guitar, lap steel, dobro, mandolin,
Jay Bellerose - drums,
Jason Mowery - fiddle, dobro, mandolin, back vocals,
Herb Pedersen - back vocals, harmony vocals,
Jodie Kennedy - back vocals, harmony vocals,
Oren Waters - back vocals,
Chris Chaney - bass,
Dennis Crouch - bass,
Hunter Perrin - fingerstyle guitar, electric rhythm guitar.




Track Listing

1.  Paradise (John Prine) 3:50
2.  Never Ending Song Of Love (Bonnie Bramlett, Delaney Bramlett) 3:02
3.  Garden Party (Rick Nelson) 3:51
4.  I Don't Care (Just As Long As You Love Me) (Buck Owens) 2:27
5.  Back Home Again (John Denver) 4:27
6.  I'll Be There (If Ever You Want Me) (Ray Price, Rusty Gabbard) 2:57
7.  Change In The Weather (John Fogerty) 4:03
8.  Moody River (Gary Daniel Price) 3:10
9.  Heaven's Just A Sin Away (J. Gillespie) 2:33
10. Fallin' Fallin' Fallin' (D. Deckleman, J. Guillot, J.D. Miller) 2:30
11. Haunted House (Robert L. Geddins) 4:36
12. When Will I Be Loved (Phil Everly) 2:37
