Chinese Acrobatics

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1493kbps 
Duration.............: 57:46.898
Resolution...........: 600*450 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 735,562,770 


I saw this one at the store and figured it was worth the 5 dollar gamble. I was wrong. It’s a poorly edited collection of film clips of gifted Chinese children doing some amazing stunts over some of the WORST canned music I have ever heard. What is really creepy are the robotic expressions on their faces – you can just picture some Commie commissar back in the training room screaming at them about making the State look good as they perform for foreigners. The whole thing is reminiscent of watching their Olympic team. Yes, these kids are amazing, but this 
borders on child abuse. This review from the website sums it all up well:

 
“Ok, this is a chopped up and poorly edited DVD of Chinese acrobatic shows (in a span of about 10 years) during televised New Year shows. Unfortunately whoever edited this should be fired. We don't see the original show, but a chopped up mess where some of the stunts are repeated and slowed down (which can be cool). But what really kills these amazing and stunning acrobats is the horrible CANNED music laid on top. They should have even left the original audio & music alone. I have seen these type of shows on China TV with audience applause. Also the music is distorted and crunchy sounding on this DVD. Yet if you want to see some really skilled children and young adults do some amazing feats this not so bad a treat for an hour.”



Here is the official documentation from the DVD Case


"Well-respected and talented acrobatic troupes from regions all across China, including Beijing, Zunyi, Shenyang, Tianjin and Guangzhou, perform challenging acrobatic routines that demonstrate their strength, skill and artistry. Touching on themes of love, springtime, the sun and falling stars, this unique collection of performances will entertain viewers as well as teach them about Chinese culture."
 
http://bayimg.com/DADFnaAdj