Bosom Buddies Typical Episode Notes

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1192kbps 
Duration.............: 25:05.953
Resolution...........: 600*454 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 262,889,734 
NO SUBTITLES OR EXTRAS
  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080202/
  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosom_Buddies
  
http://bayimg.com/DaJGhAAdE


Bosom Buddies is an American sitcom starring Tom Hanks and Peter Scolari created by Robert L. Boyett, Thomas L. Miller and Chris Thompson. It ran from 1980 to 1982 on ABC and in reruns in the summer of 1984 on NBC. The show featured the misadventures of two single men, working in creative advertising, struggling in their industry while disguising themselves as women in order to live in the one apartment they could afford. Gender stereotypes and male/female interpersonal relationships were frequent themes.It became known for its quirky humor and its frequent use of improvisation, especially between stars Tom Hanks and Peter Scolari. Though the show started out with good ratings, it failed to hold the publics interest and was canceled after two seasons.

Contents

Premise

In the pilot episode, after their own apartment is demolished, two men disguise themselves as women in order to live in the dirt-cheap Susan B. Anthony Hotel (which happens to be female-only). Kip Wilson (Tom Hanks) is originally skeptical of the plan, but after meeting gorgeous resident model/dancer/nurse Sonny Lumet (Donna Dixon), he ends up convincing aspiring writer Henry Desmond (Peter Scolari) that the experience will make a great book. Their co-worker, Amy Cassidy (Wendie Jo Sperber) [whos attracted to Henry] is the only resident in on the plan. The boysΓΓé¼Γäó deception includes outwitting the hotel manager, Darlene (Edie Adams), and fellow resident, Isabelle Hammond (Telma Hopkins), an aspiring singer. When the pilot sold to ABC, the character of Darlene was replaced by Lilly Sinclair (Lucille Benson).

In the first season, Kip, Henry, and Amy work for Ruth Dunbar (Holland Taylor) at the advertising firm of Livingston, Gentry & Mishkin, where Kip is a graphic artist, Henry is a copy writer, and Amy is the receptionist. Ruth often takes credit for the boysΓΓé¼Γäó work when reporting to her (unseen) boss, Mr. Rubinowitz.
In the second season, veteran actress Lucille Benson left the series and Telma Hopkins character of Isabelle became the new hotel manager. Kip, Henry and Amy leave Livingston, Gentry & Mishkin to start their own advertising firm, Sixty Seconds Street, with Ruth serving as a not-quite silent partner.

In the first episode of the second season, the male charactersΓΓé¼Γäó ruse of living in drag is revealed, but they are allowed to continue living at the women-only hotel anyway. Sonny forgives Kip for the deception, and Isabelle, the new hotel manager, agrees to go along with the ruse rather than admit it to the other residents. From this point on, the drag element was de-emphasized and the show moved closer to the creators original concept of a regular buddy comedy.

Development

The series was conceived by Miller and Boyett as a male counterpart to their hit sitcom Laverne & Shirley. They originally pitched it as a straightforward buddy comedy done in what they described as a sophisticated Billy Wilder kind of way. When ABC executives asked Miller and Boyett to explain what they meant by the comparison to Wilder, the producers mentioned Some Like It Hot and ABC bought the show on condition that it would include men in womens clothing, just like that movie. We werent there to pitch that, Miller recalled. And they jumped on it! We drove back to the studio in the car saying, Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have to do something in drag.

After the cast had been chosen, Miller and Boyett asked Chris Thompson, one of the writer-producers of Laverne & Shirley, to write the pilot and be the series showrunner. Thompson (who would go on to executive-produce such shows as The Larry Sanders Show), said later that he took the job purely for the money, but unexpectedly found it to be my completely favorite experience in show business, because the network left him and his young cast free to experiment. We were left alone, he recalled. Nobody was paying attention to us. We were all really young, but it was like we had daddys Porsche. We had $500,000 to play with every week.

Cast

Tom Hanks - Kip Wilson/Buffy (when in drag)
Peter Scolari - Henry Desmond/Hildegarde (when in drag)
Wendie Jo Sperber- Amy Cassidy, co-worker and friend who knows their secret
Holland Taylor - Ruth Dunbar, their boss
Donna Dixon - Sonny Lumet, Kips love interest and hotel resident
Telma Hopkins - Isabelle Hammond, hotel resident (hotel manager in the second season)
Lucille Benson - Lilly Sinclair, hotel manager (1980ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£1981)


Bosom Buddies was taped on Stage 25 at Paramount Pictures. Stage 25 was also the home of The Lucy Show, Cheers, and its spin-off Frasier.
Like many other sitcoms that aired during the 1980-81 television season, Bosom Buddies felt the effects of a strike by the Screen Actors Guild and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists that occurred in 1980. As a result, the show had an abbreviated first season. At first, its ratings were strong. However, ABC kept switching the shows day and time slots, which hurt the first seasons overall standing. The second season, with its revised premise, faired even worse, and after more time slot changes by the network, the show was canceled (amidst loud complaints from the many viewers who had become fans).
Bosom Buddies was one of the last shows to use the Miller-Milkis-Boyett production team due to Eddie Milkis leaving the company in 1984. This was also one of the last Miller-Boyett sitcoms to be produced by Paramount Television before they moved their base of operations to Lorimar Productions (later Warner Bros. Television).

Theme song

The theme song for the opening credits was My Life by Billy Joel, although Joels version was not used on the air. Some reruns shown in syndication (such as when USA Network and TBS aired reruns) and all home video and DVD releases use a vocal version of the shows end credit instrumental theme, Shake Me Loose, performed by Stephanie Mills, for the opening credits, with My Life removed altogether.
Syndication

Bosom Buddies reruns aired briefly on NBC in the summer of 1984. The show caught on with viewers and garnered commendable ratings. There was talk about reviving the series, however, at that time, Peter Scolari was already a regular on Newhart and Tom Hanks had become a major film star that summer with Splash and Bachelor Party, so the idea was quickly dropped.
DVD releases

CBS DVD (distributed by Paramount) released both seasons of Bosom Buddies on Region 1 DVD. The original theme song My Life by Billy Joel was replaced with Shake Me Loose, a song penned by show creator Chris Thompson, which was used during the shows syndication run. Many of the musical numbers featured during the shows run are edited or eliminated altogether from the DVD releases. Notable in this vein are the songs Yakkity Yak (from the episode Call Me Irresponsible), Chances Are (from All You Need is Love) and Rock and Roll Heaven (from Hildys Dirt Nap).	