My life is filled with signs. They enter my consciousness from a musical universe somewhere inside of me. This universe is filled with an enormous power built on all the positive experiences I've captured through the years, and it guides me in my decisions of what's right and what's not. I think I act as a bridge between my inner universe and the unknown receiver in the outside world. I transform moods and feelings from inside my mind into music and words, to establish a connection with the audience and to transfer these feelings into the consciousness of the listener.

I've grown in awareness that this is some kind of mission, and that I am a messenger. My mission brings joy into my life, and if I can bring joy into other peoples lives, and get their feedback, it's like an enormous circle of energy built on creative capacity.

Today our world is full of people trying to be famous. They don't really care how they obtain fame. They have a lot of self-confidence but almost no self-knowledge, no higher mission. I am not interested in celebrity; it's the contents of my music I wish to spread.

The intentions behind the new Kaipa albums are pure: to transform my basic musical ideas and feelings, and allow the outstanding musicians to bring their own colours and dimensions to bear on of this work of art.

Today, this is something unique in a world where the unending search for profit forces musicians into an endless spiral of compromises, which finally excludes much genuine musical expression. The musician is forced to act as a dummy, leaving you with an empty dum-di-dum on your lips.

Join and support us in our unending fight against the global commercial musical industry's attempt to completely choke the free musical creativity inside of us!
(Hans Lundin)

- - -

Kaipa - Mindrevolutions  2005
(InsideOut)

 1. The dodger 
 2. Electric leaves 
 3. Shadows of time 
 4. A pair of sunbeams 
 5. Mindrevolutions
 6. Flowing free 
 7. Last free indian 
 8. Our deepest inner shore 
 9. Timebomb 
10. Remains of the day


Musicians
Hans Lundin, keyboards & vocals
Roine Stolt, electric & acoustic guitars, percussion & vocals
Morgan Agren, drums
Jonas Reingold, Fretless & Yamaha custom basses
Patrik Lundström, vocals
Aleena Gibson, vocals

General information:
All music by Hans Lundin
All words by Roine Stolt & Hans Lundin 
except 7 & 10 words by Stolt and 3 words by Lundin
Produced by Hans Lundin 
except 1, 5, 6, 7 & 10 produced by Lundin & Stolt

Recorded at HGL Studio, Uppsala, Sweden 
by Hans Lundin November 2004 - Mars 2005
Additional recordings at: Cosmic Lodge, Uppsala, 
The UAE Magnetofon, Stockholm
and Reingold Studio, Malmö, Sweden 
by Lundin, Stolt, Agren & Reingold

Mixed and mastered at Cosmic Lodge & HGL Studio 
by Lundin & Stolt Mars 2005
