   http://www.synapse-audio.com/dune.php                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
    DUNE is Synapse Audio's flagship synthesizer, a massively deep, versatile,  
  high-quality instrument developed for the needs of professional music         
  producers.                                                                    
                                                                                
    The differential unison engine (DUNE) takes the concept of subtractive      
  synthesis to the next level, by allowing full control of each unison voice.   
  This greatly extends the range of possible sounds, reaching deep into FM and  
  Wavetable synthesis.                                                          
                                                                                
    Whether you're looking for lush pads, fat basses, punchy kicks, cutting     
  leads, multi-layered pads and textures, complex FX sounds or morphing -       
  anything is possible in Dune! Use the menu on the left to find out more       
  details about its concepts, but most importantly, download the free demo and  
  see for yourself.                                                             
                                                                                
    Despite its complexity, Dune is easy to use. This is because it is          
  conceptually a subtractive synth, hence it will be familiar to many musicians 
  who are used to work with (virtual-)analog gear.                              
                                                                                
    As you can see on the screenshot, it uses the familiar Oscillator, LFO and  
  ADSR envelope sections on the surface, known from many synthesizers. All      
  knobs can be remote-controlled via MIDI for hands-on access.                  
                                                                    

 1.Uninstall previous versions.                              
 2.Unrar and install.                      

