
This is a Release of Stone (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by valdtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.4 GB.
This Release includes:
- Stone (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by valdtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-The Making Of Stone
	-Trailer
	-Gallery
-Stone FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS
That’s the WHOLE STONE DVD with all the EXTRAS Ripped for you to ENJOY, found nowhere else on the net. PLEASE SEED. Cheers…valdtepes3176

PLOT:
Stone is a 2010 American drama film directed by John Curran and starring Robert De Niro, Edward Nortonand Milla Jovovich. Parole officer Jack Mabry (Robert De Niro) has only a few weeks left before retirement and wishes to finish out the cases he's been assigned. One such case is that of Gerald "Stone" Creeson (Edward Norton), a convicted arsonist who is up for parole. Jack is initially reluctant to indulge Stone in the coarse banter he wishes to pursue and feels little sympathy for the prisoner's pleads for an early release. Seeing little hope in convincing Jack himself, Stone arranges for his wife Lucetta (Milla Jovovich) to seduce the officer, but motives and intentions steadily blur amidst the passions and buried secrets of the corrupted players in this deadly game of deception

CAST:
Robert De Niro as Jack Mabry, a correctional officer who is only weeks from retirement.[3]
Edward Norton as Gerald "Stone" Creeson, a convicted arsonist trying to assure parole, by any means.[4]
Milla Jovovich as Lucetta, Stone's wife.[4]
Frances Conroy as Madylyn, Jack's wife.[


DETAILS:
English
IMDB: tt1423995
105 Minutes


PRODUCT DESCRIPTION: Academy Award® winner Robert De Niro and Oscar® nominee Edward Norton deliver powerful performances as a seasoned corrections official and a scheming inmate whose lives become dangerously intertwined in this “gritty and engrossing thriller” (Steve O’Brien, WCBS-FM). Jack Mabry (De Niro), a parole officer days away from retirement, is asked to review the case of Gerald “Stone” Creeson (Norton), in prison for arson. Now eligible for early release, Stone needs to convince Jack he has reformed, but his attempts to influence the older man’s decision with his wife Lucetta (Milla Jovovich) have profound and unexpected effects on them both. This tale of passion, betrayal and corruption skillfully weaves together the parallel journeys of two men grappling with dark impulses, as the line between lawman and lawbreaker becomes precariously thin.

Please SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176
