Note: This is a convert of the previously solstars uploaded
mkv format version, which we bring you instead in DivX avi format
to ensure broader HD disc player compatibility no doubt. We also
include English subtitles templaye so you can easily use google
translate to instantly generate working subs for whatever language
of your choice, and furthermore French subs are included additionally. 
Thank you to uploader solstars for this source file as we couldnt find
it anywhere else in any other size or format to convert from in order
to suit our needs here for you all to enjoy equally.


A special thanks to the comrades who participated in the launch of our
4GB 1080p HD version of Der Pianist (The Pianist in German - multisubs
as we managed a good number of completions with just 10GB invested
in precious bandwidth - as all were willing to share their download - 
The Rumpole Series (by contrast) cost us several hundreds of gigs and barely
generated any seeds even after all that effort - oh well - we try to serve 
as best we are able to do as the community allows for with co-operation to 
advance world views that are meant to improve our lot in Europe - in the main! 
danke ,merci grazie and thanks indeed too!


1280 X 720p video 2540k video bitrate 128k audio bitrate

  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094155/


This is another movie that ranks among my personal most favourites.

Tin Men is an excellent human story that comes to us from
Hollywood to describe the life of the door to door salesman
who's looking to make a quick killing as it were, throughout
his working hours.

I know something of this business as I sold vaccum cleaners
myself while in high school for some pocket money as it were
as my parents had no ability to come up with anything in this
regard given their high mortgage and other expenses.

Although I didn't use the door to door approach (I was
given pre-arranged appointments to show off the 
"Filter Queen" products (by the way, they are the
best in the business, even these several decades 
later I find when I shop for a vaccum personally -
there are deals to be found in older used ones
in shops around town in any event), I have a lot
of understanding for the business and characters
that are depicted in the movie.

It's sad when a culture evolves in such a manner
that people simply don't feel that they are always
dealing with their own kin, in a way as to make
for a conscionable existence by comparison for
example to what you will find in most communities
in Europe. Even in Russia with the mob now operating
there, there is a sense of community that endures
and that will never be destroyed to the extent of seeing
each person in your midst as only a means to an end.

That unfortunately is the message of this movie 
and others like "Death of a salesman" and many
other such examples in fact.

If folks are to you just a prospect for a sale
and you don't care how its done, then I'm afraid
you lack a good enough existence to teach any
of your wisdom, in this regard. I think we should
learn from Europe instead. Better still for America,
there's Jessica Lange there who could set it all up 
for good Christians to show the world a better way.

It shows in all that people say and do and feel towards
one another, and the madness you see displayed in this
movie in what is insensitive or unfair is an example
in all of this, I think - quite clearly!

Nonetheless, its a great comedy for those that enjoy this 
genre, and I always will feel close to the characters 
given my own background even though I'm 100% the 
opposite in being concerned with integrity, while the 
scripted characters in the movie are clearly not. As such, 
the feeling is superficial, however it is there and quite 
emphatically so.

Great movies such as this and others that
we show off here are either not well enough
advertised or promoted, or they are simply
written off by the industry to the point where
they refuse to make them even available - at any
price - go figure!

I hope to see the industry make a fortune with our
efforts here, provided they put the DVDs (4GB 720p or better)
on the shelves at just five bucks each. That's fair for
all and its a richer scheme than what they've got going now.
And more sensible too. (For the community minded).


Includes nice songs from the sountrack (for your ipod or 
home stereo - or even at the local cafe jukebox collection perhaps)

Michael Rizzo Chessman	
moviesbyrizzo	