All are unabridged. Most are read by Peter Wickham.



* Kate Ellis is one of my favorite authors. She writes excellent modern day British Police procedural mysteries with a touch of history and a bit of archaeology!



#1. *The Merchants House* [9 hours 15 mins] Cassettes (1998) Read by Grahame Roberts, 32kbps/22kHz Mono CBR Fhg
A black policeman from the Met might expect to meet some resistance, when he's transferred to a West Country seaside town. But, for Detective Sergeant Wesley Peterson, it's like coming home. Not only was he at university in the area, one of the first people he bumps into is an old friend. Neil is now heading an archaeological dig at a Tudor merchant's house, and Wes has to tear himself away to meet the rest of his new team. Wes is immediately involved in a major search for a missing child. The tension is mounting when a body is found - but to Wes's relief it's turned up at the dig, and is over four hundred years old. It seems to be a tragic murder nonetheless, for the bones turn out to be of a strangled young woman and a newborn baby. But as another, more recent body is found, and the circumstances surrounding the Berrisford child's disappearance become more complex, Wes is more and more convinced that the age-old motives of jealousy, sexual obsession and desperate longing for a child are behind the crimes, ancient and modern, that he must solve soon if further tragedy is to be averted.

#9. *A Cursed Inheritance* [12 hours 30 mins] Cassettes (2005) Read by Peter Wickham, 32kbps/22kHz Mono CBR Fhg
The brutal massacre of the Harford family at Potwoolstan Hall in Devon in 1985 shocked the country and passed into local folklore. And when a journalist researching the case is murdered twenty years later, the horror is reawakened. Sixteenth century Potwoolstan Hall, now a New Age healing centre, is reputed to be cursed because of the crimes of its builder, and it seems that inheritance of evil lives on as DI Wesley Peterson is faced with his most disturbing case yet. As more people die violently, Wesley needs to discover why a young woman has transformed a dolls house into a miniature reconstruction of the massacre scene. And could the solution to his case lie across the Atlantic Ocean, in the ruined remains of an early English settlement in Virginia USA? When the truth is finally revealed, it turns out to be as horrifying as it is dangerous.

#10. *The Marriage Hearse* [10 hours 26 mins] Cassetes (2006) Read by Peter Wickham, 32kbps/22kHz Mono CBR Fhg
When Kirsten Harbourn is found strangled and naked on her wedding day, DI Wesley Peterson makes some alarming discoveries. Kirsten was being pursued by an obsessed stalker and she had dark secrets her doting fiance, Peter, knew nothing about. But Kirsten's wasn't the only wedding planned to take place that July day in South Devon. At Morbay register office a terrified young girl makes her wedding vows. And a few days later her bridegroom is found dead in a seedy seaside hotel. As Wesley investigates he suspects that his death and his bride's subsequent disappearance might be linked to Kirsten's murder. Meanwhile the skeleton of a young female is found buried in a farmer's field - a field that once belonged to the family of Ralph Strong, an Elizabethan playwright whose play, "The Fair Wife of Padua" is to be performed for the first time in four hundred years. Is this bloodthirsty play a confession to a murder committed in the reign of Queen Elizabeth 1? Or does it tell another story, one that might cast light on recent mysteries?

#11. *The Shining Skull* [11 hours] CD (2007) Read by Peter Wickham, 48kbps/44kHz Mono CBR Fhg
Little Marcus Fallbrook was kidnapped in 1976 and when he never returned home, his grieving family assumed the worst. Then, thirty years later, teenage singing star Leah Wakefield disappears and Dl Wesley Peterson has reason to suspect that the same kidnapper is responsible. And another abductor is at work in the area - a man who tricks blonde women into a bogus taxi and cuts off their hair. Has Leah fallen prey to the man the newspapers call "The Barber" or has she suffered a more sinister fate? But then Marcus Fallbrook returns from the dead. And when DNA evidence confirms his identity, the investigation takes a new twist. Meanwhile, archaeologist, Neil Watson's gruesome task of exhuming the dead from a local churchyard yields a mystery of its own when a coffin is found to contain one corpse too many - a corpse that may be linked to a strange religious sect dating back to Regency times. Wesley has his hands full elsewhere - slowly, Marcus Fallbrook begins to recover memories that Wesley hopes will lead him to cunning and dangerous murderer. But he is about to discover that the past can be a very dangerous place indeed.

#12. *The Blood Pit* [11 hours 41 mins] CD (2008) Read by Peter Wickham, 32kbps/22kHz Mono CBR Fhg
Never has DI Wesley Peterson witnessed such a bizarre crime scene. The victim, Charles Marrick, has been murdered, his body drained of blood. Described by those who knew him as 'evil', it seems that Wesley isn't going to have any shortage of suspects, until a popular local vet is murdered in an identical fashion...and a third body is discovered many miles away. And when Wesley's archaeologist friend, Neil Watson, starts getting disturbing anonymous letters written in gory detail about macabre events at a medieval abbey, which Neil fears are being sent by the killer Wesley is looking for, Wesley wonders whether there could be a connection between all these deaths and Neil's letters. And could Neil himself be in danger? As the sinister truth unfolds, both Wesley and Neil are forced to face tragedy and shocking revelations...and a killer who bears the scars of past sins.

#13. *A Perfect Death* [ 11 hours 7 mins ] CD (2009) Read by Peter Wickham, 48kbps/44kHz Mono CBR Fhg
When a woman is burned to death in Grandal Field in Devon, it seems like a case of mistaken identity. Until DI Wesley Peterson learns of a legend involving a French woman who burned to death there in the thirteenth century. And when he discovers that records of a previous excavation on the site have vanished, and that two archaeologists involved in that dig died in tragic circumstances, Wesley starts to investigate the possibility of a link between the legend and recent events. But edging closer to the truth brings unexpected danger to Wesley. For the truth echoes a story of twisted love and obsession from many centuries ago - a truth that someone wants to keep hidden, whatever the cost...

#14. *The Flesh Tailor* [ 10 hours 44 mins ] CD (2010) Read by Peter Wickham, 32kbps/22kHz Mono CBR Fhg (Thanks to Icemaiden)
When Dr James Dalcott is shot dead it looks very much like an execution. And as Inspector Wesley Peterson of the Devon CID begins piecing together his life, he finds that the well-liked doctor has been harbouring dramatic family secrets. Meanwhile, archaeologist Neil Watson has discovered a number of skeletons in nearby Tailors Court that bear marks of dissection and might be linked to tales of body snatching. But when Neil finds the bones of a child buried with a 1930s coin, the investigation takes a sinister turn. Who were the children evacuated to Tailors Court during World War II? And where are they now? When a link is established between the evacuees and Dr Dalcott's death, Wesley is faced with his most challenging case yet.

#15. *The Jackel Man* [ 11 hours 19 mins ] CD (2011) Read by Andrew Wincott, 48kbps/22kHz JS CBR Fhg (Thanks to Icemaiden)
When a teenage girl is strangled and left for dead on a lonely country lane by an attacker she describes as having the head of a dog, the police are baffled. But when the body of another young woman is found mutilated and wrapped in a white linen sheet, DI Wesley Peterson suspects that the killer is performing an ancient ritual linked to Anubis, the jackal-headed Egyptian god of death and mumification. Meanwhile, archaeologist Neil Watson has been called to Varley Castle to catalogue the collection of Edwardian amateur Egyptologist Sir Frederick Varley. As his research progresses, Neil discovers that Wesley's strange murder case bears sinister similarities to four murders that took place near Varley Castle in 1903 - murders said to have been committed by Sir Frederick's son. As the Jackal Man's identity remains a frustrating enigma, it seems that the killer has yet another victim in mind. A victim close to Wesley Peterson himself...



Enjoy and Seed!!