

True Blood Season 4 Dvd 1




In True Blood wordt de wereld in de nabije toekomst getoond. Een Japans bedrijf is erin geslaagd om synthetisch bloed te maken dat voor vampieren dezelfde voedingswaarde heeft als menselijk bloed. 
Hierdoor hoeven ze niet meer op mensen te jagen en kunnen ze gewoon met mensen samenleven, al gaat dit nog niet altijd even goed. 
De serie draait om de levens van de telepathische serveerster Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin) en de vampier Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer) in het fictieve stadje Bon Temps, Louisiana.

De serie is losjes gebaseerd op de "Southern Vampire Mysteries", een boekenserie geschreven door Charlaine Harris. 
Per seizoen wordt er meestal één boek gekozen, maar in de afleveringen doen ook elementen uit andere boeken hun intrede, worden personages uit de boeken eerder of juist later of juist helemaal niet gedood en worden personages geïntroduceerd die in de boeken niet voorkwamen.



Seizoen 4

Producent Alan Ball liet weten dat het vierde seizoen van True Blood zich zal focussen op hekserij, 
bij een Wicca-ceremonie wordt per ongeluk een oude niet zo vriendelijke geest wordt opgeroepen. 
We leerden, naast vampieren, al weerwolven en shapeshifters kennen, in het nieuwe seizoen maken wewederom kennis met een nieuwe vorm.
En tot slot: 
De Vampire King of Mississippi Russell Edgington blijkt nog te leven en hij komt terug voor wraak.







--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Season 4, Episode 1: She's Not There
Original Air Date—26 June 2011

Sookie's trip to the land of the faeries is a short one though when she returns to Bon Temps, she learns that she has been missing for nearly 13 months. 
She hasn't brought herself to forgive Bill as yet and Eric is still quite interested in her. She also learns that in her absence, Jason has sold her house. 
Sam Merlotte has found new shape-shifter friends. Jessica and Hoyt are learning to live together and to get along, particularly when it comes to matters in the kitchen. 
Arlene is worried that her new baby is evil though Terry Bellefleur doesn't seem to get it. Tara has moved away and found a new friend as well as a way to release her inner frustrations.
Lafayette is introduced to a group of witches. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 4, Episode 2: You Smell Like Dinner
Original Air Date—3 July 2011

Sookie stays in her house even though Jason sold it while she was away. After learning who has bought it however, she feels decidedly unsafe and asks Bill for his help. 
He is now the vampire king of Louisiana and in flashbacks, some of Bill's past is revealed, including how he became king. 
Jason wakes up tied to a bed; Crystal and her husband have a surprise for him. 
Sam Merlotte is attracted to Luna, who reveals she is part Navajo and once shifted into her own mother who died giving birth to her. 
Arlene is convinced that her new baby is rotten to the core and is terrified of him. Hoyt recovers from his encounter with the anti-vampire protesters but he and Jessica are still arguing. 
Angry, she heads for Shreveport. Tara re-appears in Bon Temps and goes to the coven with Lafayette. 
Eric, under orders from Bill to get the coven to stop before they reanimate a dead human, is in for a surprise. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 4, Episode 3: If You Love Me, Why Am I Dyin'?
Original Air Date—10 July 2011

After his encounter with Marnie and the coven, Eric seems to have lost his memory. He knows he's a vampire but does not recall who he is. 
Sookie takes him home - he doesn't realize that he owns the house - and contacts Pam for help. Tara is concerned when Lafayette disappears. 
Jason is still being held prisoner by Crystal and her backwoods clan and learns exactly what they have in store for him. 
Sam Merlotte takes his brother Tommy to task for wanting to cheat Mrs. Fortenberry out of a possible fortune. 
Jessica seeks Bill's advice after feeding on a pick-up at Fangtasia. Sookie gets a surprise visit from the faerie world. 






Spotinformatie 

Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD 5
Bron          : 720P HDTV
Menu          : Ja
Audio         : Engels audio
Extra's       : Nee
Ondertitels   : Nederlands 
Cover & label : Ja
Genre         : Horror


 
http://www.hbo.com/true-blood



 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844441/episodes#season-4



 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/forum/12/8468/







Verrast?????? 



Kom eens kijken op 



www.black-sam.org

