Eek-A-Mouse
The Very Best Of Eek-A-Mouse (1987)

Ludicrous, bizarre, and uniquely original, few DJs have made such a splash in the dancehall scene than Eek-A-Mouse. An artist who in any other country would have been a one-hit wonder, in Jamaica became a household name having invented a whole new vocal style, sing-jay, flooding the airwaves with his catch phrases and going on to become a respected toaster. Eek-A-Mouse didn't start out as a novelty act. He was born Ripton Hilton in 1957 in Kingston, Jamaica, and his first foray into the music world was as a cultural roots singer.

While barely out of his teens and still in college, Hilton released two singles in the mid-'70s, "My Father's Land" and "Creation," to an apathetic public. Not discouraged, the young man continued plugging away, DJing for a variety of sound systems while also releasing occasional singles, all under his real name. To his friends, however, he was known as Eek-A-Mouse. A rather cruel jab, for that was the name of the losing racehorse Hilton kept throwing his money away on; of course as so often happens, the one time he declined to bet was the sole time the obstreperous equine won. The name stuck and by 1979, the singer decided a change was in order, and placed his musical fortune on this new moniker. That year, Eek-A-Mouse went into the studio with producer Joe Gibbs and walked out with the sizeable hit "Once a Virgin." His follow-ups in 1980, "Wa-Do-Dem" and "Modelling Queen," were equally successful, while the Bubble Up Yu Hip album, produced by Linval Thompson, proved that a growing share of Jamaicans were taken by the Mouse experience. 

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Reggae		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

01.Anarexol
02.Star, Daily News & Gleaner
03.Noah's Ark
04.Terrorists In The City (12 Mix)
05.Peeni Walli
06.Wild Like A Tiger
07.Wa-Do-Dem
08.Do You Remember
09.Sensee Party
10.Stadium Hot
11.Assassinator
12.Christmas-A-Come


Cheers!