 http://bayimg.com/eaJoEAaDL

Where the Truth Lies (2005) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0373450/

  Kevin Bacon  ...  Lanny  
  Colin Firth  ...  Vince  
  Alison Lohman  ...  Karen  
  David Hayman  ...  Reuben  
  Rachel Blanchard  ...  Maureen  
  Maury Chaykin  ...  Sally Sanmarco  
  Sonja Bennett  ...  Bonnie  
  Kristin Adams  ...  Alice  
  Deborah Grover  ...  Mrs. O'Flaherty  
  Beau Starr  ...  Jack Scaglia  
  Arsinée Khanjian  ...  Publishing Executive  
  Gabrielle Rose  ...  Publishing Executive  
  Don McKellar  ...  Publishing Executive  
  David Hemblen  ...  NY Hotel Concierge  
  John Moraitis  ...  Irv Fleischman  

Where the Truth Lies is a 2005 Canadian/British drama film, written and directed by Atom Egoyan. It stars Kevin Bacon, Colin Firth, and Alison Lohman, and is based on the 2003 novel of the same name by Rupert Holmes.

Rupert Holmes admittedly patterned Vince and Lanny on his childhood idols, Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis, although the plot was pure fiction. Holmes called it a study of "the trust that must exist between any show business team who puts their lives in each other's hands" and "what happens when they no longer trust each other." Shortly after the novel was published, Holmes was asked who he envisioned playing the lead roles in a film adaptation. He suggested Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, and Kate Hudson, or Tom Cruise, Ben Stiller "and any actress in America who's shorter than they are." Tongue-in-cheek, he continued, "Or what about Kukla, Fran and Ollie? This is probably why I'm not a studio head."

Scenes in Vince's home were filmed at the Stahl House in Los Angeles, while the Brantford Airport stood in for Newark International Airport. Other exteriors were filmed in Toronto, with interiors shot at Shepperton Studios in Surrey, England.

The film's soundtrack includes "Josephine, Please No Lean on the Bell" performed by Louis Prima, "Spinning Wheel" by Blood, Sweat & Tears, "Oye Como Va" by Santana, and "Maggot Brain" by Funkadelic. "White Rabbit", written by Grace Slick and originally recorded by Jefferson Airplane, is featured prominently in one scene, while "You Know, You Know" and "Sanctuary", performed by Mahavishnu Orchestra, appear in the film's most erotic sequence.

The film received an NC-17 rating in the United States due to scenes depicting a threesome and graphic lesbian sex. Egoyan condemned the MPAA decision as "a violent act of censorship," while Bacon stated, "I don't get it, when I see films (that) are extremely violent, extremely objectable sometimes in terms of the roles that women play, slide by with an R, no problem, because the people happen to have more clothes on."[2] Both suggested that homophobia may have played a role in the decision, as the film deals in part with repressed homosexuality. THINKFilm executives opted to release the film unrated in the United States. The rating was later a minor subject of analysis in the documentary This Film Is Not Yet Rated.

