Ripped from the original CD's in my collection and converted to MP3 @320Kbps. 
I purchased these in the early 90's. Both CD's have stickers still on them 
saying they were limited to 250 copies each. Like it or loath it, I don't care.
Review comments found on the web below. 

Enjoy!

Pink Floyd – Animals, Limited Edition Trance Remix

1. Pigs On The Wing 1 (5:49) 	
2. Dogs (22:45) 	
3. Pigs (Three Different Ones) (20:28) 	
4. Sheep (16:06) 	
5. Pigs On The Wing 2 (6:38) 

"This one is perhaps the worst of all the remixes available. There was much
potential to re-interpret the songs in a new and creative fashion, but alas
this one is a dud. There is no substance to the interpretations of "Dogs",
"Sheep" and "Pigs" although "Dogs" works the best of the three. Some 
samples of middle eastern music are interspersed throughout "Pigs" but don't
work very well: Annoyance city! "Pigs on the Wing" (pts 1&2) work OK but are
nothing special. Avoid this one: D"	

Pink Floyd – Wish You Were Here, Limited Edition Trance Remix

1. Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Fluffy Cloud Version) (16:55)
2. Welcome to the Machine (New Age Version) (12:16)
3. Have a Cigar (Take a Joint Version) (7:43)
4. Wish You Were Here (Atmosfear Version) (6:13)
5. Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Part 2 of a Journey Into Your Brain) (15:51)

"This remix is by far the best of all the remixes. As one would expect, 
this album lends itself to ambient interpretation more than any other Floyd
release. Both parts of "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" are brilliant excursions
into the outer limits with samples from The Orb's "Little Fluffy Clouds" 
scattered throughout. "Welcome to the Machine" and "Have a Cigar" are 
powerful interpretations with lots of heavy dance beats. "Wish You Were 
Here" is beautiful. I know I may be crucified here, but it is even better
than the original: nice spacey wind sounds echo on Gilmour's gorgeous vocals.
A really pleasant listen. This remix definitely lends itself for headphones.
A must have: A+"