 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51qhU6IGzUL._SS500_.jpg


Title: Christmas with the Puppini Sisters
Artist: The Puppini Sisters
Audio CD (October 5, 2010)
Original Release Date: 2010
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Step into Christmas
02. Santa Baby
03. Here Comes Santa Claus
04. Last Christmas
05. Let It Snow
06. White Christmas
07. All I Want for Christmas
08. Mele Kalikimaka
09. Winter Wonderland
10. O Holy Night
11. I'll Hang My Heart on a Christmas Tree


Amazon Description:
This UK-based vocal trio brings three-part harmony into the modern age with a repertoire that includes everything from "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy" to "I Will Survive." Inspired by the Oscar-nominated film The Triplets of Belleville (a French animated movie which features a '40s-style harmony group), The Puppini Sisters - Marcella Puppini, Kate Mullins, and Stephanie O'Brien - formed in London. Dressed in 1940's-style wardrobe, the three sing like The Andrews Sisters with inspiring harmonies. With their unique blend of retro style, pop kitsch, and crisp vocals, the Puppini Sisters have earned quite the celebrity following - from Sharon and Kelly Osbourne to Vivienne Westwood, Kate Moss and Stella McCartney to members of The Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Camilla The Duchess of Cornwall, and Prince William. Come and celebrate Christmas in style and glamour with your favourite Sisters! Revel in the glamour, rejoice in the swing and lose yourself in the harmonies.

Allmusic Review:
The Puppini Sisters (who aren't really named Puppini and aren't really sisters) take on the Christmas season with their third album, an eclectic collection touching on their neo-swing tendencies. This is a British trio (their accents slip in on the occasional syllable here and there) who may take after the Andrews Sisters overtly, but who, on the evidence of this disc, are at least as interested in George Michael and Mariah Carey as they are in Bing Crosby and Patty Andrews. So, for example, they revive the 1980s Wham! hit "Last Christmas" (much more of a hit in the U.K. than in the U.S.), a catchy if melancholy ballad, as well as Carey's "All I Want for Christmas Is You." But they also traipse back to the ‘40s and ‘50s for Crosby- and Crosby/Andrews-related numbers like "White Christmas" and "Mele Kalikimaka." Their jazziest reading, actually, is "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" (here called simply "Let It Snow"), although their singing can't really be called jazz since the scatting and re-harmonizing clearly were worked out in advance and rehearsed, not improvised on the spot. That's the way the Andrews Sisters did it, too, of course, and the Puppini Sisters remain as much a tribute act as a revitalization of several eras of pop. 

