Dr. Seuss Volume 1 was sourced from other torrent sites out there.

 Upon discovering Vol 2 & 3, I was determined to find Vol 1.

Soo here it is...  I created this for those who wanted it from VOl @ & 3 on the other pages here...

Volume 2 can be found here: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5327862/Dr_Seuss_Vol_2


Volume 3 can be found here: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5718500/Dr_Seuss_Vol_3



the following is taken from the 'Notes' TXT file in the torrent download about what is included in Volume 1
--------------------------------------------------------------


These are BOOKS by Dr Seuss. Not animated movies, not audiobooks which lack the all-important artwork, and, god forbid, not live action movies, those abominations about which the less said the better.

Included here are his first five books:
    *1. And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street (1937)
    *2. The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins (1938)	
    *3. The King's Stilts (1939)				  
    *4. Horton Hatches the Egg (1940)			
    *5. McElligot's Pool (Caldecott Honor Book, 1947)

(A list of his complete works is also included in the torrent.)

Generally my aim was to make it impossible to tell that these are scanned from books, and to make the colors brighter and very uniform, to maximize the cartoonish look. Quality is not perfectly consistent, and varies noticeably as I was learning to use GIMP for photoshopping. This took a good deal of time and was something of a labor of love. Please comment if you enjoy them. More encouragement = a better chance of getting the next batch soon.

The files (.cbz) are "Comic book archives." You can find many programmes designed to read them; some PDF readers will also handle them. Here's a list: 
 
http://www.zcultfm.com/~comic/wiki/index.php/Comic_Viewers

A cbz file is just an archive containing a bunch of image files. If you don't like the above methods, just rename the file endings to .zip and then unzip them and look at the files that way.

Notes: Mulberry Street was my first attempt, and it's visibly rough around the edges. Carelessly, I just saved over my original scans, so I'm not going to try to go back and restart. Cubbins and McElligot's were the trickiest, the former because it uses a lot of pencil shading, the latter because it is all handpainted in watercolors. Most techniques for sharpening colors tend to ride roughshod over the subtleties of tone in these images. So I'm pleased with the results. McElligot's Pool, again owing to the watercoloring and the much larger pallette, is by a good margin the largest file. Horton was probably the easiest overall, since it used only two colors and was mostly simple line drawings. I was never quite satisfied with the particular shade of turquoise-cyan used in the final result. I like how vividly the red stands out in The King's Stilts, even more than in Cubbins; the same procedure was less successful in Horton, I felt.

Though Horton is probably the best known of these early works now, I've never been the biggest fan of the Horton stories (this one, and Horton Hears a Who), which always struck me as a shade dull and moralizing. I prefer the dark uncanniness of Bartholomew Cubbins, or the vivid confabulations of McElligot's Pool.

Marco is the name of the imaginative main character of both Mulberry Street and McElligot's Pool. The same fellow, I suppose, though you wouldn't know it to look at him. Nice to see that he got over his shyness about telling his stories out loud.

Bartholomew Cubbins will return, in Bartholomew and the Oobleck!

McElligott's Pool is Dr Seuss's first fantastical bestiary--to be followed, inter alia, by If I Ran the Zoo, Scrambled Eggs Super, On Beyond Zebra, One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish, There's a Wocket in My Pocket, and (my own favorite) Oh the Thinks You Can Think.

-------------------   END ------  SEED -----   ENJOY ---------

Thanks! people
