The Patriot Poster 	
More at IMDbPro »
The Patriot (1998)
R  90 min  -  Action | Thriller   -  10 July 1998 (Spain)
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 3.8/10 X  
Users: 3.8/10 (5,503 votes) 74 reviews | Critics: 17 reviews

A respected doctor must race against time to find a cure for a lethal virus, unleashed by a paramilitary militia leader.
Director:
Dean Semler
Writers:
William Heine (novel), M. Sussman (screen story), and 2 more credits »
Stars:
Steven Seagal, L.Q. Jones and Gailard Sartain
Watch Trailer
14 photos | 1 video | 5 news articles | full cast and crew »
Related Videos
The Patriot -- A respected doctor must race against time to find a cure for a lethal virus, unleashed by a paramilitary militia leader.
Edit
Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:
Steven Seagal 	Steven Seagal 	... 	
Dr. Wesley McClaren
Gailard Sartain 	Gailard Sartain 	... 	
Floyd Chisolm
L.Q. Jones 	L.Q. Jones 	... 	
Frank
Silas Weir Mitchell 	Silas Weir Mitchell 	... 	
Pogue
Camilla Belle 	Camilla Belle 	... 	
Holly McClaren
Dan Beene 	Dan Beene 	... 	
Richard Bach
Damon Collazo 	Damon Collazo 	... 	
Lt. Johnson
Whitney Yellow Robe 	Whitney Yellow Robe 	... 	
Dr. Ann White Cloud
Brad Leland 	Brad Leland 	... 	
Big Bob
Molly McClure 	Molly McClure 	... 	
Molly
Philip Winchester 	Philip Winchester 	... 	
Young Miltiaman
Douglas Sebern 	Douglas Sebern 	... 	
Judge Tomkins
Ross Loney 	Ross Loney 	... 	
Clem
Bernard O'Connor 	Bernard O'Connor 	... 	
Dr. Tom Hergot
Leonard Mountain Chief 	Leonard Mountain Chief 	... 	
Grandpa
Full cast and crew »
Edit
Storyline

Doctor Wesley McClaren is an immunologist in Ennis, Montana, and he has turned down an offer to join his friend Richard Bach, who lives in Atlanta, Georgia, and is the head of a unit called the Biological Response Team (BRT). Wesley and his daughter Holly live on a farm in Ennis, and a farmhand named Frank lives with them. Just over the hill from the farm, a 52 day standoff against militia leader Floyd Chisolm has ended. Floyd has decided to be his own attorney in court. Everyone is shocked when Floyd spits on Judge Tomkins. After the hearing, Tomkins starts feeling sick. Holly, like she always does, stops at Wesley's office after school so she can go home with Wesley. On their way home, Wesley gets a call on his mobile phone. Wesley rushes to the hospital with Holly and tells her to wait in the doctors' lounge, then Wesley is taken to see Tomkins, who looks awful. Wesley is told that Tomkins collapsed in his chambers at the court building... Written by Todd Baldridge  
Plot Summary | Plot Synopsis
Plot Keywords:
Doctor | Montana | Militia | Virus | Immunologist  | See more »
Taglines:
Every second counts.
Genres:
Action | Thriller
Motion Picture Rating (MPAA)
Rated R for strong violence and language. See all certifications »
Parents Guide:
View content advisory »
Edit
Details
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Release Date:
10 July 1998 (Spain) See more »
Also Known As:
A patrióta See more »
Filming Locations:
Ennis, Montana, USA See more »
Box Office
Budget:
$25,000,000 (estimated)
Gross:
$478,806 (Mexico) (17 December 1999)
See more »
Company Credits
Production Co:
Touchstone Pictures, Interlight, Seagal/Nasso Productions See more »
Show detailed company contact information on IMDbPro »
Technical Specs
Runtime:
90 min  | Argentina: 94 min
Color:
Color
Aspect Ratio:
2.35 : 1
See full technical specs »
MOVIEmeter:
Up 1% in popularity this week. See why on IMDbPro
Edit
Did You Know?
Trivia
This was the first Steven Seagal film released direct to video. After Half Past Dead, all of his movies were released to video, which would end with Machete. See more »
Goofs
Continuity: Wesley McClaren breaks the stem off an empty wine glass to defend himself, but in previous shots it was full. See more »
Quotes
Dr. Wesley McClaren: [to Holly while entering the reception room at the hospital] Get your homework done and if there are any guys in here no flirting. No dating until you are 40.
See more »
Soundtracks
"Hey Little Baby"
Music and lyrics by Steve Richards
Courtesy of SixFeetFive Music See more »
Quick Links:
Watch it
Buy it from Amazon »
ad feedback
Share this page:
Related News
Who's Been Invited by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences?
27 June 2010 4:49 PM, PDT | Manny the Movie Guy
Adam Sandler invited to join The Academy
25 June 2010 11:44 AM, PDT | Hollywoodnews.com
Resul Pookutty Invited to Join the Academy of Motion Pictures
25 June 2010 10:23 AM, PDT | DearCinema.com
See all 5 related articles »
Create a list  »
Related Lists
image of title
Steven SEAGAL
a list of 37 titles by dan-horna-690-47081 created 2 months ago
 
image of title
The 20 Worst Films I've ever had the misfortune to see
a list of 20 titles by The Grand Master created 3 months ago
 
image of title
The best of 1998
a list of 19 titles by jpedroccarvalho created 4 months ago
 
image of title
My Movies part 2.
a list of 250 titles by stig_even92 created 1 month ago
 
image of title
Films I own
a list of 223 titles by vidarbs_1 created 4 months ago
 
See all 5 related lists »
Frequently Asked Questions