presenting s n e a k _ s h o t



release date:21-07-2011



description:

When the apocalypse comes, there will be worse things than radioactive clouds or gnashing zombies. In Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon, the banner of doom is being carried by thousands of gigantic bugs that no can of repellent can hope to deal with. But if total annihilation is inevitable, you might as well enjoy your final hours. Over-the-top destruction is the focal point of this lighthearted shooter, and there's an undeniable thrill in blasting overgrown ants with your grenades, plowing through abominable spiders while in a tank, or just toppling buildings on a whim. There's little need for strategy when you can just blast everything that moves, so it's a matter of readying your aim and unleashing holy hell. If you convince a friend or two to tag along, there are dozens of hours of unrepentant fun to be had, though don't expect the same goofy excitement if you venture forth alone. There are certainly small issues chomping at your heels, but there isn't enough time to dwell on the little things when another masticating monster is trying to end your life. Insect Armageddon is an unabashedly simple experience that focuses on pure fun, and it delivers it in spades





Giant monsters are ravaging the city, and you want motivation? Well, you're not going to get much in the way of story here. You're a member of the disposable though incredibly important Earth Defense Force, and when alien invaders land on your planet, you must eradicate them. The pay isn't too hot, but you're free to make as much of a mess as you like. See that row of apartment complexes over there? Or those edifices that resemble the Washington Monument and Arc de Triomphe? One sure blast from your rocket launcher annihilates these digital facsimiles in an instant. If you've played such destruction-heavy games as Red Faction: Armageddon, forget about those intricately designed collapses. In Insect Armageddon, scale takes priority. Toppled buildings go down in a puff of thick smoke, and the entire city is ripe for your explosive desires. There are some tactical advantages to destroying everything in sight, but it's mostly just fun to make things go boom. 




 Open-ended levels allow you to roam the city streets at your leisure. Swarms of giant creepy-crawlies spill out in tight-knit groups, and you're free to dispatch them when and how you desire. If you'd rather explore the city for a tank or mech suit or just stay far away from those grotesque creatures, you can stroll wherever your feet take you. The lack of specific paths through levels is a vast departure from most other shooters on the market. Cities spread out in every direction, letting you run for minutes at a time before you reach a restrictive barrier, and they resemble the average metropolis you would find in real life. There are main streets, back alleys, and dead ends. Spacious parks contrast with dilapidated hovels. Gas stations stand beside fallout bunkers. Unlike a typical shooter, there isn't structured level design, and that's one of Insect Armageddon's strengths. This is a game about an off-world threat invading these peaceful burgs, and it's up to you to decide how you want to defend your home turf.





seed comment n enjoy...!!!