
Author(s): Julie Townsend
Publisher: Book Sales
Date: 2007
Format: pdf
Language: English
ISBN10: 0572033303
Pages: 160
ISBN13: 9780572033309

To investigate the world of vinegar fully can mean a wonderful adventure heading to the hills of Modena in Italy for research into balsamics, a segue to Orleans, France to sample wine vinegar, then crossing the seas with pickled cucumbers in a jar to fight scurvy asChristopher Columbus did before reaching the shores of North America to follow the pilgrims tracking down apple cider vinegar. Once done there, you would set sail to the Pacific Islands to bask under palm trees, watching sap being drawn from the coconut palms to create coconut vinegar.
Your travels would involve a trip to Asia – to China for exotic oriental dishes, to Japan to eat as much sushi as you could, and to Korea to sample its kimchee, the vinegar pickle that accompanies every meal. Heading to the UK, you could finally put your feet up and tuck into the old favourite of fish and chips with a helping of malt vinegar or non brewed condiment.
While a world trip is not possible for most of us, this book offers you plenty of food for thought about vinegar, examining the many different types available, how each is
made and where they can best be used, with recipes included. It traces the history of the condiment – as far as possible, since this universal ingredient seems to have existed always, with no known ‘inventor’ to quote. It will provide you with a wealth of practical tips concerning its versatility as a cleaning, beauty, gardening and medicinalaid as well as many more uses. And if that is not enough, you can always put yourself ‘in a pickle’ by learning the principles and properties of vinegar as a preservative.
The only question that remains is what vinegar can not do. If it were not corrosive to metal, we would probably be fuelling our cars with it in an environmentally friendly mixture of energy-releasing bicarbonate of soda (baking soda) and vinegar.
Meanwhile, there is plenty of scope for educational projects around the home, some of them using that exact same concoction.So enjoy the many, many properties of vinegar in all its forms and uses, and keep that world trip in mind for another day.