Ole Dole Doff aka Eeny Meeny Miny Moe aka Who Saw Him Die?

Sweden 1968, 110 Min., 35 mm, Black & White, Mono
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063384/

Director, Camera and Editing: Jan Troell
Screenplay: Jan Troell, Bengt Forslund, Clas Engström based on Engström's novel "Ön sjunker"

Cast: Per Oscarsson (Teacher Sören Mårtensson), Kerstin Tidelius (Gunvor, his wife), Ann-Marie Gyllenspetz (Ann-Marie, female teacher), Bengt Ekerot (Eriksson, teacher), Harriet Forsell (Mrs Berg), Per Sjöstrand (Principal), Georg Oddner (Photographer), Catharina Edfeldt (Jane, pupil), Bo Malmqvist (Bengt, pupil), Pupils in the 6th grade of the Sorgenfriskola in Malmö

Producer: Bengt Forslund
Production: Troellfilm/AB Svensk Filmindustri

Plot summary:
For Mårtensson, the teacher, every new school day is sheer torture. He has long since lost control of the class. Though more or less resigned to his lot, he occasionally loses his temper and tries to gain respect through violence. But he knows that this is not the answer. His pupils sense his insecurity and torment him in their childish way. The pressure also begins to affect Mårtensson’s marriage. For a while, he finds solace with Ann-Marie, a teacher who possesses natural authority. When summer comes, Mårtensson tries in vain to make the children stay near the shore. He jumps into the water and swims after them. What begins as a game turns into catastrophe.In this film, Jan Troell draws upon his own experience as a teacher. As usual, he wrote the script in collaboration with producer Bengt Forslund. Clas Engström, author of the 1957 novel on which it is based, was also involved in the scriptwriting. All three are former teachers.The film was shot at Troell’s former school, the Sorgenfri School in Malmö, with “real” pupils and their parents, with a skeleton crew, minimal lighting and – to heighten the authenticity – an unobtrusive, mobile 16 mm camera.

Jan Troell was born in 1931 in Limhamn near Malmö in the southern Swedish region of Skåne. Many of his films are set in this landscape, where he worked as a teacher for nine years, while making his first short films and documentaries. Troell’s international breakthrough came with his epic film version of Wilhelm Moberg's novel, “The Emigrants” (1971) and “The New Land” (1972). Troell made his comeback as a director with his 1991 film “Il Capitano”, a thriller about a couple on the run. In three other films Troell looks to the past.

NOTE: This upload is ripped from a rather poor and worn out VHS copy, so the picture quality ranges from bad to unwatchable for the first two minutes (see last hidden screenshot), but after that the quality is acceptable or better with very occasional disturbances. 

Subtitles - English, Spanish
Director: Jan Troell
Year: 1968
Country: Sweden