Oh Mercy is an indie rock band based in Melbourne, Australia.

Oh Mercy are heavily influenced by the classic Australian sound & lifestyle in crafting this gorgeous album full of timeless, acoustic pop tracks and the title has been in the back of Alexander's mind since before releasing their debut album, Privileged Woes.

‘Great Barrier Grief’ is certainly not an eco warrior title, but instead a reference to a point in time, a challenge to overcome, or a complex situation. ‘Great Barrier Grief’, for example, is meeting an incredibly beautiful person, but having a mental or physical barrier between you.

And this theme is certainly reflected in the next single to be taken from the album, ‘Stay, Please Stay’ at media January 17. Following the first single and Triple J favourite Keith St, ‘Stay, Please Stay’ was penned by the young songwriter Alexander Gow. Alexander tells us it is however, not a new track by any means.

"Stay, Please Stay was a part of the Oh Mercy set for six months before it was recorded; a band favourite, it was always planned to be the first track on the second record,” says Alexander. “I re-wrote the lyrics while in New York, writing from the perspective of the person left at home having to say good-bye to a loved one who is constantly travelling."

While Alexander was in New York after SXSW, he worked through an epic 30 songs to complete the final 12 to take to the recording studio. Recording took place over two months in Mitchell Froom's home studio, literally in his backyard in Santa Monica.

'Great Barrier Grief’ will be a grower for 2011, and one to watch out for if you’ve been missing classic Australian pop songs with just the right amount of sentiment - Just listen to Paul Kelly, who recently named Oh Mercy in The Age EG as one of the new bands inspiring him to return to writing songs.

Track Listing:

1	Stay Please Stay			
2	Keith St.			
3	On the Run			
4	Mercy Valley			
5	Let Me Go			
6	Hold Out Your Hand			
7	Tenderness			
8	Confessions			
9	Blue Lagoon			
10	What You Do		
11	Doldrums

vbr mp3s