 http://bayimg.com/NABhnaADi

In Cold Blood (TV 1996) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116619/

The 1967 black-and-white original remains definitive, but this first-rate remake of In Cold Blood, which aired on CBS last fall, does almost equal justice to Truman Capotes landmark true-crime saga about a pair of cretinous ex-cons who butchered a prominent Kansas farm family in 1959. Benedict Fitzgeralds three-hour teleplay unfolds with mounting intensity, and Jonathan Kaplans direction effortlessly propels us toward the inevitable horror. The psychological canvas is pure Edward Hopper — a stark rendering of the lost and the damned. Bravo, Anthony Edwards; Eric Roberts manic psycho makes Norman Bates seem like Mr. Rogers.

  Anthony Edwards  ...  Dick Hickock  
  Eric Roberts  ...  Perry Smith  
  Sam Neill  ...  Agent Alvin Dewey  
  Kevin Tighe  ...  Herbert Clutter  
  Gillian Barber  ...  Bonnie Clutter  
  Margot Finley  ...  Nancy Clutter  
  Robbie Bowen  ...  Kenyon Clutter  
  Bethel Leslie  ...  Bess Hartmann  
  Gwen Verdon  ...  Sadie Truitt  
  Leo Rossi  ...  Agent Harold Nye  
  Troy Evans  ...  Carl Duntz  
  Don S. Davis  ...  Roy Church (as Don Davis)  
  L.Q. Jones  ...  Tex Smith  
  Louise Latham  ...  Eunice Hickock  
  Campbell Lane  ...  Walter Hickock  

In perhaps the most audacious career move since Madonna became a mother, Anthony Edwards chose to ditch his trademark hypersensitivity for the hyperdysfunction of a child molester and sociopath: Dick Hickock, the real-life mastermind behind the mass murder of In Cold Blood, Truman Capotes 1965 true-crime classic. 

In playing Hickock, hes not only tackling a role thats already handicapped one career (that of Scott Wilson, who played Hickock in the 1967 film version) but also stepping into the shoes of one very creepy character. Its this extreme difference that drew Edwards to the project: The spirit of it is just bizarrely sick. 

Consider the case on which In Cold Blood is based: On Nov. 15, 1959, Hickock and his partner, Perry Smith (played by Roberts), savagely murdered four members of the Clutter family in Holcomb, Kan. They crept into the house as the family slept, killed the mother and daughter in their beds, and the son and father in the basement. The pair, whod been led to believe that the wealthy farmer kept thousands of dollars in a safe, ended up taking four lives for a mere $41. 

In these days of Millennium, Seven, and Dean Koontz novels, this case may strike some as tame. But back in 1965 — when Capote published his chilling account of Hickock and Smiths crime, months on the run, and capture, violence and mass murder had yet to become pop-culture staples. The groundbreaking in-the-mind-of-real-killers book went on to sell more than 5 million copies, introduced a new genre (the nonfiction novel), and made Capote rich, but at great cost to his mental health. It did kill me, the stressed-out author later said; indeed, Capote struggled for years with writers block. 

Those involved in the 1967 film paid heavily too. Shortly after the movie earned four Oscar nominations, the pigeonholed-as- a-freak Robert Blake (who played Smith) was on unemployment; it was another seven years before the TV series Baretta resuscitated his career. And although Scott Wilson still works as a character actor, he never landed another high-profile leading role. 

The books sweeping themes and sublime dialogue proved irresistible to the cast. Why do Hamlet again? 

Just as alluring was the chance to fix what the filmmakers saw as flaws in the original movie. For instance, Kaplan (The Accused) has upped the blood and guts considerably. I didnt want to compromise on the violence, says Kaplan, who eschewed the original movies use of black and white. We made it look exactly like what would happen if you put a shotgun two inches from someones head and pulled the trigger. But, he adds, it was all shot in a way that would be acceptable to network television. 

TV viewers will also get more insight into the four victims, who were undeveloped and only briefly glimpsed in the film. (Capote complained that this ruined the movie for him, that the book was about six lives, not two.) It really is more of a miniseries than a movie, says Kaplan. 

The director, Roberts, and Edwards found fault with Capote too — particularly his softening of Perry Smiths rough edges. After reading the book many times, Edwards has come to believe that Capote certainly fell in love with Perry. Although he denied this, the late author is on record as saying he was traumatized by Smiths death and that the convicts last words to him were I love you and I always have. 

Eric Roberts embraces the real darkness and deviance of Perry Smith. When he starts killing, he becomes a machine. Roberts, 40, who is just as famous for bad behavior off screen as for his most notable performances (The Pope of Greenwich Village, Runaway Train), snipes that Blake didnt really play Smith. He didnt even do his little, almost-effeminate voice. 

Ironically, it was the shadow of Blake that lured Roberts to the project. Ive said that Star 80 did to my career what In Cold Blood did to Robert Blakes, says the actor, who has churned out a slew of cruddy B movies since he played Paul Snider, husband and murderer of Playboy Playmate Dorothy Stratten, in that 1983 film. So [Kaplan] calls me and goes, I dare you to play Robert Blakes part. I came running. 

Not that hes expecting the role to provide career life support. Edwards has the international fame with ER; he cant lose. Me, I can lose. Theyll say, Theres Eric Roberts playing another psycho. Ive got my neck out there to get it chopped off. 

Still, Roberts, a survivor of his own dark side (a self- described idiot doper and recovering addict, he has had numerous run-ins with the law) seems almost fated to portray the complex Smith. The similarities between their lives are downright eerie: Both felt scarred by a lack of maternal love and too many schoolyard bullies; after their parents split, both moved in with their fathers while their sisters stayed with Mom; both were prone to self-destructive tempers. What Ive drawn from my own life to give this character is the feeling of loss and disconnection and abuse, says Roberts. In addition, both Smith and Roberts were mangled in automotive wrecks. (I was in a coma for 72 hours, says Roberts of a 1981 accident. I wouldnt wish that on... even my mother!) And both had nasty fallings-out with their sisters. (Partly because of Erics strained relationship with their mother, he and sister Julia Roberts barely speak

Perhaps its obvious, but the life of straight-arrow father-of-one Edwards bears no resemblance to his character. Could he manage to work up any sympathy for Hickock? There were times when Eric and I would finish a scene and wed just be like, its so sad, says Edwards, noting, Dick never felt any remorse. He really felt like he almost pulled off the perfect score. In a sense, he did.... His last words are, I dont have any hard feelings, youre sending me to a better place than this ever was. 


