Swarm	Swarm Growing	
Downloader Instructions
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description
                                                                                                                                         POtHS
                                                                                                                                   Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth  

POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 31 - The Way of The Master - Mormons and Jehovah's Witnesses



POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 31 - The Way of The Master - Mormons and Jehovah's Witnesses                            

Discription


The Way of the Master Television Program is a 30-minute weekly evangelism TV show, airing on a variety of Christian networks. The third season has a total of thirteen episodes. This extended version DVD contains two episodes:

33. Jehovah's Witnesses:
The Jehovah's Witnesses are best known for going door-to-door. You have probably seen them in your area, and more than likely they have knocked on your door. They recently spent over 1.2 billion hours in one year proclaiming the "good news of Jehovah and His Kingdom". What do they believe, and more important, how can you effectively reach them with the truth? This episode will tell you what to say.

34. Mormonism:
Who are the Mormons? They seem to be such moral, loving, family-oriented people. How did the Mormon church get started? What do they believe? Are they Christian or are they a cult? They say they believe the Bible, but what about the Book of Mormon, the golden tablets, and Heavenly Father and his wives living on their own planet? Will we become gods ruling our own planets? Did we all pre-exist before being born on this earth? Is Jesus really Lucifer's brother . . . and what about being "baptized for the dead"? You will be amazed at what Mormons believe.



Coming Soon.....My Last Conspiracy Fact

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                     Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                          End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                               Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                              Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                        Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                     Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                    Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
           (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    

 
                                                            