Flamboyance, effervescence and glee are three traits that exude from the girl who has grown up on horses, tractors and motorbikes but scrubs up to light up the stage as pocket rocket pop diva. Amelia Jae is a spin out of talent, from unwittingly profound songstress to solutions-for-the-everyday-girl-everyday, all wrapped up in a cascading bombshell of brown goldilocks and Beautiful Eyes. She is the girl who feels like every other girl, but is deeply convinced there’s absolutely nothing ordinary about that. Performance is her bread and butter, and Amelia Jae is more than meets the eye.

 

In August 2010, AJ performed before 4000 young people at the Sydney Entertainment Centre from her then-still-to-be-released debut album, kick starting her introduction to the world as an artist in her own right. Since then she has gathered nearly 900 facebook friends, made over 200 pre-launch CD sales, recorded, funded and released her album, “No Ordinary Day”.

 

Amelia Jae is best described as a small town girl, with big city dreams. Growing up in Australia’s tranquil farmlands in Kurrajong, New South Wales, she spent most of her teen years performing in productions singing alongside the likes of Australian Idol finalist Paulini Curuenavuli as well as country singing sensations The McClymonts and Travis Collins. NIIDA trained, with vocals and a performance reminiscent of Kelly Clarkson meet Delta Goodrem, AJ’s rising star is fuelled by her natural gift in songwriting and being able to capture her young, 13-20s audience through her neat little package of catchy hook lines, melodic phrases and lyrical blends.

 

“From the conception of NO ORDINARY DAY, there was a clear and definite journey of the heart linking every song. A heart that had loved, felt loved, experienced love and a heart that had been broken. This album is organically rooted in emotion and reality – the reality of passion, fire, strength, delicacy, femininity and fun! My dream for this album is to open the hearts of anyone who listens, all over the world sharing this one simple message, ”that there are no ordinary moments, no ordinary dreams, and no ordinary days.”


Track Listing:

1 - Wannabe (Rock What You Got)
2 - Broken Promises
3 - Beautiful Eyes
4 - No Ordinary Day
5 - Worth The Fight
6 - Collide
7 - Rainy Day Girl
8 - Now's The Time
9 - Perfect Lullaby
10 - The World Is Sick