Product Description
New edition of the top book on MVC from the top ASP.NET experts at Microsoft!

MVC 3.0 is the latest update to Microsoft′s Model–View–Controller technology, which enables developers to build dynamic, data–driven web sites. This in–depth book shows you step by step how to use MVC 3.0. Written by top ASP.NET MVC experts at Microsoft, the latest edition of this popular book covers new and updated features such as the new View engine, Razor, NuGet, and much more. The book′s practical tutorials reinforce concepts and allow you create real–world applications. Topics include controllers and actions, forms and HTML helpers, Ajax, unit testing, and much more.

Shows developers and programmers how to use ASP.NET MVC 3.0, Microsoft′s new version of its Model–View–Controller technology for developing dynamic, data–driven web sites
Features an expert author team all are members of Microsoft′s ASP.NET team
Uses a step–by–step approach to explain all major features and functionalities and provides practical tutorials to allow you to create real–world applications
Goes into theory as well as practical application and covers such topics as Razor, NuGet (PowerShell inside Visual Studio 2010), and new layout features

Move your development skills to the next level with MVC 3.0 and Professional ASP.NET MVC 3.0.
From the Back Cover
A complete look at the new features of ASP.NET MVC 3

ASP.NET MVC 3 is the eagerly anticipated revision of Microsoft′s approach for creating data–driven dynamic applications. Written by a team of Microsoft insiders, this in–depth book shows you how to use the new features and exciting capabilities of ASP.NET MVC 3. Beginning with a short introduction to the ASP.NET MVC framework, this resource quickly shows you each step to install and create an ASP.NET MVC project. In addition, practical tutorials reinforce concepts and prepare you to create real–world applications.

Professional ASP.NET MVC 3:

Describes what views are and explores the Razor syntax, NuGet, unit testing, and much more

Explains the role of Controllers in the MVC framework and what role models play in binding and data access strategies

Demonstrates how to display and process forms

Covers the new features added in the April 2011 Tools Update, such as scaffolding and HTML5 project templates

Walks you through performing client and server validation of your models

Uncovers tips for making use of the membership, authorization, and security features

Highlights how TDD applies to ASP.NET MVC

wrox.com

Programmer Forums
Join our Programmer to Programmer forums to ask and answer programming questions about this book, join discussions on the hottest topics in the industry, and connect with fellow programmers from around the world.

Code Downloads
Take advantage of free code samples from this book, as well as code samples from hundreds of other books, all ready to use.

Read More
Find articles, ebooks, sample chapters, and tables of contents for hundreds of books, and more reference resources on programming topics that matter to you.

Wrox Professional guides are planned and written by working programmers to meet the real–world needs of programmers, developers, and IT professionals. Focused and relevant, they address the issues technology professionals face every day. They provide examples, practical solutions, and expert education in new technologies, all designed to help programmers do a better job.
About the Author
Jon Galloway works at Microsoft as part of the Server and Tools online group, where he focuses on the ASP.NET community and the ASP.NET website.

Phil Haack is a senior program manager at Microsoft on the Web Platform and Tools team. His areas of responsibility include ASP.NET MVC and NuGet.

Brad Wilson has nearly 20 years of experience in professional software development and web development. He currently works on the ASP.NET MVC project at Microsoft.

K. Scott Allen is the founder of OdeToCode LLC where he provides custom development, consulting, and mentoring services for clients around the world. 