Faked Apollo 11 Mission - 70mm Image Catalog AS11 (1969)

These are the famous high resolution images from the surface of the moon. If these have been made by Kubrick then you may unmask the forgery with the help of this extensive source material. Don't believe anything, do your own research, Bill Cooper used to say. Here's your chance.

I would also like to issue a challenge to anyone reading this who has never had cause to doubt the official version of history that I myself also once believed. Try this simple test and use your own judgement: Go to the Apollo Image Atlas (Google it), select 70mm Hasselblad, Apollo 11, Magazine S, image number AS11-40-5930. At the bottom of the page click on the link to see the Hi Resolution Image(s), then save the image to your PC. Open the image in Windows in Paint Shop Pro or PhotoShop or similar, or open it in Linux with Gimp. Create a negative of the image, then zoom in to the rocks in the right and the left of the image. You will see indisputably, especially clearly in negative as the shadow shows up as stark white, that in the left of the image the shadows are on the right side of the rocks, and on the right side of the image the shadows are indisputably on the left of the rocks. In the foreground they go from south to north. Additionally, there is a very obvious "hot spot" around the astronaut shadow's head, which again can be more clearly seen in negative. This is proof of multiple light sources, as in a studio set; if the sun is the only source of light then ALL shadows should run parallel and there should be NO hotspots.

Another major flaw with the imagery is to be found in the very first magazine from Apollo 11. As you scroll down the images showing the earth getting ever further away look closely at the images numbered from AS11-36-5382 to AS11-36-5399. These all show bright blue light coming through the windows. This is surely not possible if the craft is in deep space halfway to the moon. If you cannot explain the presence of these effects, which should not exist if the official story is true, then I recommend you read this book, or Dark Moon: Apollo & The Whistle-Blowers by Bennet & Percy, or One Small Step? : The Great Moon Hoax and the Race to Dominate Earth from Space by Gerhard Wisnewski.

1) Image Catalog AS11 - 242 high-resolution images

2) Processed Images - the images I've altered to unmask some of NASA's manipulations