Cassandra Wilson (born December 4, 1955) is an American jazz musician, vocalist, songwriter, and producer from Jackson, Mississippi. Described by critic Gary Giddins as a singer blessed with an unmistakable timbre and attack who has expanded the playing field by incorporating country, blues and folk music into her work, Wilson has won two Grammy Awards.

- - -

Cassandra Wilson is the third and youngest child of Herman Fowlkes, Jr, a guitarist, bassist and music teacher; and Mary McDaniel, an elementary school teacher who eventually earned her Ph.D. in education. Between her mothers love for Motown and her fathers dedication to jazz, Wilsons parents sparked her early interest in music. Wilsons earliest formal musical education consisted of classical lessons, she studied piano from the age of six to thirteen and played clarinet in the middle school concert and marching bands. When she tired of this training, she asked her father to teach her the guitar. Instead, he gave her a lesson in self-reliance, suggesting she study Mel Bay method books. Wilson explored guitar on her own, developing what she has described as an intuitive approach. During this time she began writing her own songs, adopting a folk style. She also appeared in the musical theater productions, including The Wizard of Oz as Dorothy, crossing racial lines in a recently desegregated school system.

For college, Wilson attended Millsaps College and Jackson State University. She graduated with a degree in mass communications. Outside of the classroom, she spent her nights working with R&B, funk, and pop cover bands, also singing in local coffeehouses. The Black Arts Music Society, founded by John Reese and Alvin Fielder, provided her with her first opportunities to perform bebop. In 1981, she moved to New Orleans for a position as assistant public affairs director for the local television station, WDSU. She did not stay long. Working with mentors who included elder statesmen Earl Turbinton, Alvin Batiste, and Ellis Marsalis, Wilson found encouragement to seriously pursue jazz performance and moved to New York City the following year.

There her focus turned towards improvisation. Heavily influenced by singers Abbey Lincoln and Betty Carter, she fine-tuned her vocal phrasing and scat while studying ear training with trombonist Grachan Moncur, III. Frequenting jam sessions under the tutelage of pianist Sadik Hakim, a Charlie Parker alumnus, she met alto saxophonist Steve Coleman, who encouraged her to look beyond the standard jazz repertoire in favor of developing original material. She would become the vocalist and one of the founding members of the M-Base collective in which Coleman was the leading figure, a stylistic outgrowth of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) and Black Artists Group (BAG) that re-imagined the grooves of funk and soul within the context of traditional and avant-garde jazz. Peter Watrous in an article for the New York Times states, the M-Base group in Brooklyn, working with both jazz and pop forms, makes music that at first sounds like funk from the 1970s. Like the music played by Mr. Marsalis (and his brother Wynton) the music made by M-Base- Steve Coleman, with Greg Osby, Cassandra Wilson and Geri Allen - is, at its best, filled with subtle ideas working behind the mask of popular music. In Mr. Coleman's group a singer is supported by an electric bass, guitar, drums and electric keyboards, a shiny musical mix that has familiar rock and funk references; yet, because of all its rhythmic and metric manipulations, sounds new.

Although the voice, typically treated as the focal point of any arrangement in which it is included, was not an obvious choice for M-bases complex textures or dissonant free melodies, Wilson wove herself into the fabric of these settings with wordless improv and lyrics. She can be heard on Colemans Motherland Pulse (1985), On the Edge of Tomorrow (1986), World Expansion (1986), and Sine Die (1987). At the same time, Wilson toured with avant-garde trio New Air featuring alto saxophonist Henry Threadgill and recorded Air Show No. 1 (1987) in Italy. A decade her senior and an AACM member, Threadgill has been lauded as a composer for his ability to transcend stylistic boundaries, a trait he and Wilson share.

- - -

Like fellow M-base artists, Wilson signed to the Munich-based, independent label JMT. She released her first recording as a leader Point of View in 1986. Like the majority of her JMT albums that followed, originals by Wilson in keeping with M-base dominated these sessions; she would also record material by and co-written with Coleman, Jean-Paul Bourelly, and James Weidman as well as a few standards. Her throaty contralto gradually emerges over the course of these recordings, making its way to the foreground. She developed a remarkable ability to stretch and bend pitches, elongate syllables, manipulate tone and timbre from dusky to hollow.

While these recordings established her as a serious musician , Wilson received her first broad critical acclaim for the album of standards recorded in the middle of this period, Blue Skies (1988). Her signing with Blue Note records in 1993 marked a crucial turning point in her career and major breakthrough to audiences beyond jazz with albums selling in the hundreds of thousands of copies. Beginning with Blue Light 'Til Dawn (1993) her repertoire moved towards a broad synthesis of blues, pop, jazz, world music, and country. Although she continued to perform originals and standards, she adopted songs as diverse as Robert Johnsons Come On in My Kitchen, Joni Mitchells Black Crow, The Monkees Last Train to Clarksville, and Hank Williams Im So Lonesome I Could Cry. Not only did Wilson effectively reconnect vocal jazz with its blues roots, she was arguably the first to convincingly fashion post-British Invasion pop into jazz, trailblazing a path that many have since followed. Furthermore, producer Craig Street drew from pop production techniques to create a rich ambient environment around her voice, magnifying it and giving sonic depth to Brandon Ross sparse but incredibly vivid arrangements, which used steel guitar, violin, accordion, and percussion.

Wilsons 1996 album New Moon Daughter won the Grammy for Best Jazz Vocal Performance. In 1997, she recorded and toured as a featured vocalist with Wynton Marsalis Pulitzer Prize winning composition, Blood on the Fields. The late Miles Davis was one of Wilsons greatest influences. In 1989 Wilson performed as the opening act for Davis at the JVC Jazz Festival in Chicago. In 1999 she produced Traveling Miles as a tribute to Davis. The album developed from a series of jazz concerts that she performed at Lincoln Center in November 1997 in Davis' honor, and includes three selections based on Davis' own compositions, from which Wilson adapted the original themes.

- - -

Wilson was married to Anthony Wilson from 1981 to 1983. She has a son, Jeris, born in the late 1980s. Her song Out Loud (Jeris' Blues) is from the album She Who Weeps. For many years she and her son lived in New York City's Sugar Hill, in an apartment that once belonged to Count Basie, Lena Horne and the boxer Joe Louis. In 2000, Wilson married actor Isaach de Bankole, who directed her in the concert film Traveling Miles, Cassandra Wilson (2000). Wilson and her mother are members of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority. (wikipedia)

- - -

Vocalist Cassandra Wilson long ago attained the happy position where it was unnecessary to tell her followers that a new album was good. The fact it is a Cassandra Wilson album is recommendation enough. Since her Blue Note debut in 1993, she has been in a rich vein of form, and now Silver Pony continues that run.

The albums special feature is that it contains live material, the first from Wilson since her 1991 Live album. Recordings from a European tour are seamlessly blended with recordings made at Piety Street Studios, New Orleans, the applause is all that helps tell them apart. Silver Pony includes live versions of three tracks featured on Wilsons 2008 Grammy-winning album, Loverly.

The choice of material is typically eclectic, including original compositions, old blues songs, standards and pop songs. Who else could sandwich Stevie Wonders romantic If Its Magic between blues classics associated with Charlie Patton and Muddy Waters, and make it sound like an obvious, natural sequence?

As ever, whatever the material, Wilsons smooth but husky-toned vocals are highly distinctive, especially when combined with a delivery that savours every word while remaining loose and languid. Her reading of St James Infirmary is textbook jazz singing, as she plays with the rhythm, stretching some lines and foreshortening others.

Such prowess has sometimes meant Wilsons musicians have been rather overshadowed. Silver Pony remedies that situation, allowing them at least as much room as the vocalist. Guitarist Marvin Sewell, pianist Jonathan Batiste, bassist Reginald Veal, drummer Herlin Riley and percussionist Lekan Babalola demonstrate that they are a tight, funky band able to adapt to the breadth of styles required of them. Led by Sewells slide guitar, they transform Pattons Saddle Up My Pony/Pony Blues into a rhythmic groove full of attention-grabbing instrumental details.

A Night in Seville is a straight instrumental, with Wilson herself playing synthesiser. It segues into the band composition Silver Moon, which has an atmospheric saxophone solo from guest Ravi Coltrane. Sunrise includes another guest, John Legend, in a touching duet with Wilson. It suggests a duo album would make a successful future project. (John Eyles BBC review)

- - - 

Cassandra Wilson - Silver Pony 2010
(Hollywood Calif.Blue Note Label Group)

 1. Lover come back to me
 2. Went down to St. James Infirmary
 3. A night in Seville
 4. Beneath a silver moon
 5. Saddle up my pony
 6. If It's Magic
 7. Forty days and forty nights
 8. Silver pony
 9. A day in the life of a fool
10. Blackbird
11. Watch the sunrise
