Concord Jazz: CCD-2299-2 
http://www.concordmusicgroup.com/albums/Lucky-To-Be-Me/

* Taylor Eigsti: piano, rhodes
* Julian Lage: guitar
* Christian McBride: bass
* Lewis Nash: drums
* James Genus: bass
* Billy Kilson: drums

Homepage:
- http://www.tayloreigsti.com/
- http://www.tayjazz.com/

Review
~~~~~~ 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/lucky-to-be-me-r823273
by Thom Jurek

What can you say about a 21-year-old jazz pianist who begins with John
Coltrane's "Giant Steps," turns the harmony inside out, twists the mode, and
presents its mirror image and reflects the composer's lyricism and fire in fiery
post-bop language, and still maintain the integrity of the tune? Only that it's
Taylor Eigsti. Lucky to Be Me is Eigsti's third album, and his first for
Concord. It reeks of self-confidence and a bad boy's sense of mischief, and with
good reason: Eigsti's got the chops, both technically and inspirationally, to
pull this -- and much more -- off. The instrumentation on this set is
varied. Musicians include bassist Christian McBride, drummer Lewis Nash (the
rhythm section on the aforementioned and the gorgeous read of Cole Porter's
"Love for Sale" just to name two), saxophonist Eric Marienthal, drummer Billy
Kilson, bassist James Genus, guitarist Julian Lage, trumpeter Greg Adams, and
more. The shifting instrumentation and arrangements are characterized by the
tunes. McBride and Nash also appear on a jazz read of Mussorgsky's "Promenade"
and Alabama 3's "Woke Up This Morning," the theme from The Sopranos. That's not
the half of it, though: there are startling versions of Eddie Harris' "Freedom
Jazz Dance," "Darn That Dream," and Björk's "I've Seen It All." Eigsti brings
freshness, sophistication, and a deep sense of maturity to these tunes. He
reinvents them without ever tearing them apart; in other words, his sense of
"song" is profound and foremost. The Harris tune is introduced by the a series
of contrapuntal moves by Eigsti and then flipped over into some kind of
bop/modal thing -- all the while keeping the rhythm intact and forceful. But it
is, perhaps, on his own compositions, like the lovely "Get Your Hopes Up," where
he shines most. Eigsti is not an academic player, though he is a flashy one. His
sense of harmony and melody is not far removed from the euphoric dynamics of Pat
Metheny's, and here, as in everything he writes on Lucky to Be Me, the sense of
time is fluid -- floating and yet anchored by his left hand. Eigsti engages Lage
on the head and then slips around him, playing behind the beat first,
double-timing it next, and finally coming right through the middle of it to
allow the lyric to reestablish itself as the prominent voice in the tune. His
large, open-ringing chords are the signatures he imposes on his harmonics and
his changeups. This is a solid date throughout. Though the track listing may
read like it's schizophrenic and manic, the disc is anything but. It flows from
top to bottom, and the listener will no doubt be moved and awed by some of
Eigsti's pyrotechnics -- though they always have soul -- and on the tunes that
feature Lage, listeners will be awed, too, by his command of the jazz guitar
language. Lucky to Be Me is a mature, fiery, and surprising set by a talent who
is still getting started while arriving fully formed as an artist.