1280 X 720p video, 1500k video bitrate 256k audio
Converted using DivX converter plus and viewed in its entirety before launch
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844330/

We are at this very moment seeding at high speed into our (Jane Austen's) "Pride
and Prejudice" 4GB torrent, so please carry on with your downloads and seeding
efforts - with thanks to all involved at the piratebay most especially!

This is a followup torrent of Jane Austen's "Persuasion" novel made into a movie
ideal for Television and was featured on the popular PBS networks in the United 
States of America.

It is often suggested that "Persuasion" is Jane Austen's novel that was in some
respect autobiographical perhaps. There is some mention of her distaste of Bath
as a place of her liking and there may be other aspects too that suggest she is 
somehow relating a story that mirrors her own lot in life in giving us the
character of "Anne" in this final of her novels.

What is most interesting to me personally in this story is the theme that often
is encountered from such writers in the contrasts between characters such as that
of Anne versus that of Louisa Musgrove in what would be a suitable match for 
Captain Wentworth's character in this tale.

For his own part, Captain Wentworth indicates he is seeking a woman who isn't 
fragile in her emotions. He wants a woman who "wont be swayed" he tells us.

Yet considering his own good nature and strength of great character, it would
hardly do him justice to be saddled with such a disposition upon his own spirit.
In this regard, I think we are scripting for Captain Wentworth, an unwise
position on the matter - to hisown honest interests, as he is in fact clearly
best served in life by staying close to the knitting instead of the likes of
the lovely Miss Louisa Musgrove.

In order to retard the truth of this, Louisa is seen as so foolhardy as to allow
herself a prank of sorts that nearly costs her her life at the moment she takes a
fall from a perilous climb onto a rock a the seaside where they are all out
for an enjoyable excursion. A posting concerning this novel on Wikipedia has an
observer noting that this tells all in what makes the character of Anne more
sensible than that of the lovely Louisa. I beg to differ. In any event the 
contrivance fails in more substantive elements of the argument as what makes them
different is clear enough to an observer of human nature, and in any event, to any 
to would honestly befriend captain Wentworth or certainly Miss Louisa, on the 
basis of the merits alone. Look at the difference in what is their spirit!
Anne would be best off with Mr. darcy perhaps as there is always one such man
around willing to oblige in whatever would make her happier!

Enough said, perhaps! Enjoy the show, Jane Austen never fails to impress
in old fashioned wit of the greatest of languages which English is!


Michael Rizzo Chessman














