Top.Wet.Girls.8.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly


Cover

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5377_1.jpg.html


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5376_2.jpg.html

 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/5375_3.jpg.html


Terry, Kattie Gold, Bibi Noel, Nataly Von, Eufrat, Aleska Diamond, Alma Blue , Erica Fontes


Director Christoph Clark knows how to gets the most out of a lesbian love scene, and in Top Wet Girls 8 he brings us eight gorgeous, slim sluts in intimate all-girl action, with lots of phallic toys and attention to anal detail. Petite blondes Bibi Noel and Nataly Von show off their cute round butts and fuck their asses with long dildos. Bibi tongues her friend's widened anus, and Nataly reciprocates, fingering Bibi's rectum. The buttholes of these little cuties gape widely for your visual pleasure. Skinny blonde hotel maid Erica Fontes, dressed in high heels and tiny skirt, enters the room of napping slut Aleska Diamond. Soon the longhaired servant girl is licking Aleska's natural little titties, and the perverted guest tongue-stabs Erica's sensitive asshole. Probing fingers and a large pink anal instrument open the slender maid's ass. Aleska lies back for a dildo ass fucking; Erica cleans the gaping rim with her mouth. The girls mutually masturbate to climax. All-natural cuties Kattie Gold and Terry make out on a hotel bed surrounded by various sex toys. The slender nymphs go from sucking perky tits to tonguing hairless assholes and use dildos to make their assholes expand. Terry buries her face in Kattie's twat until she cums. Sultry brunette Alma Blue meets Erica Fontes, this time in a clinging pink fishnet dress, on a studio set. The slender beauties fondle and kiss; Alma tongues Erica's groove and worships both her glistening holes. Erica pounds Alma's pussy with a large double dong. The blonde squats over a floor-mounted black dildo and fucks herself in the ass, rubbing her pierced clit, and Alma is reamed until her rectum is a prolapsed, gaping mess. Longhaired, 25-year-old Czech beauty Eufrat shares a bed with young Nataly Von. Eufrat takes the lead, diving between Nataly's thighs for a taste of pussy. Nataly lets the gorgeous brunette lick her sweet asshole while she rubs her bald twat. Nataly eagerly licks Eufrat's sweet cunt until the Czech model climaxes. Eufrat screws Nataly's tight anus with toys, her fingers and her tongue. Finally, Eufrat's asshole gets dilated the same way; Nataly brings her to orgasm once more. It's wet at the top!