Here we are...
 Well bringing you now all especialy a great torrent in complete exclusivity :

Cyberlink PowerDirector 10.00.1012 ultra64-full retail version multilangual
...
This archieve is password protected and i will let you know the right pass in few incoming hours so.
And a promess is a promess,so trust me and you will get it for sure.
Hey no,you are not dreaming,it's really true ! :)
And it is no more a fake or something else like that anyway.
More than 300 torrents upped now by myself and still with respect and quite usefull support if i can really bringing you that anyway.
Trusted member as well...
...
At first,please read attentively all terms and conditions for download this torrent :

Conditions and terms :

You promess and swear never show the serial included in this file anywhere on the net to public and i say well : never !!! forever and ever so !!!
You promess and swear installing this retail and activate this one still offline and therefore still disconnected from internet anyway !!!
Why so much conditions ?
Simply because it is my personal retail,right ? huh ?
And i don't wanna get any problem by your fault without seriously respecting all terms and conditions for download this torrent .
I think bringing you and share as well with you all a very very nice and great program and anyway you are aware of that,right ?
So please,be respectfull of that and please do it as well by respect for me !
ty for understanding so.
By these terms and conditions,you agree,and then you are allowed to download this torrent so.
Or you cannot be sure or disagree and then,you are not allowed to download this last one so.
Simple but clear anyway.
Beware and be advertised that i will non stop checking to the net if i will find my serial and will start serious investigation if one of you will be irrespectuous anyway.
Anyway,please,don't force me to doing that and be nice so.
In others terms,please,be mature and respect my conditions anyway .
It's not so difficult to understand as well as doing,sure . Yeah ?
Ok as i think all is clear,you can start your download right now .

_______________________


Torrent content :

1)Cyberlink PowerDirector 10.00.1005 Trial Multilangual
2)Serial for Ultra64 version to full retail
3)patch update to build 10.00.1012
4)Holidays pack v3
5)True Romance PowerDirector 10 pack content

How to install :

1)first,go offline and so now disconnect completely from internet and install trial version,btw during your setup installation,use "Admin" as name and  Compagny to blank.

2)still offline,use the serial provided to registering your soft to ultra64 version full retail and activate it still offline anyway and close all afterwards.

3)update to latest patch build 10.00.1012

4)install now the True Romance powerdirector 10 pack content.(powerdirector 10 must be already registered and activated before all.)

5)for the end,now install Holidays pack v3 content and all will be perfectly 
rightly done.

6)restart program and bypass the registration by letting all blank or then,use fake informations anyway.

7)go to general menu setting options and disable " stay connected to internet to check new update "

8)So now reconnect to internet,you can start and enjoy your program and have fun as well
right now.

______________________


Presentation :
-->
 What's a new in Cyberlink PowerDirector 10 :



CyberLink PowerDirector 10 is a feature-packed video editor that boasts some serious improvements over its previous iteration. With its revamped TrueVelocity engine and OpenCL support, it makes editing and rendering a bit speedier than before. Plus, it's got built-in 3D support.

As for the basics, PowerDirector can import and handle most of the video file types you would normally come across. You can also use it to easily add text, effects, and transitions; edit audio; capture video; burn discs; and share content online. Plus, it has intuitive, icon-based navigation and ample thumbnails, making it quite easy to zip around its interface. 

So what's new? Eye-popping titles, picture-in-picture, particle effects, and time-lapse editing are among the added features. There's also, of course, some incredibly powerful 3D editing, as it can import all types of 3D content, convert from 2D to 3D, and output to virtually any industry-standard 3D format. Plus, the program includes some very nifty 3D menus and effects.

Among the new features, one of our favorites has to be Audio Beat Marker, which can potentially shave hours off of your editing sessions. The Beat Marker analyzes your soundtrack and automatically places markers at what it feels are major beat points, making it much easier to precisely place music-driven transitions and other effects. So, as you can imagine, it makes editing, say, a music video a less tedious process. There's also a single-click audio normalizer for when you're compiling several clips from different audio sources with different audio properties.

Another new feature we enjoy is the Drawing tool. It can record your mouse-drawn gestures and create overlays for use with your footage. Imagine recording your signature, and having it play out to look like graffiti being sprayed on a wall. While it might not be something you'd use every day, it sure is a nifty trick to have in your back pocket. 

Finally, one thing that sets PowerDirector apart from its competitors is its integrated user community, DirectorZone. Through DirectorZone, you can download creative new menus, effects, particles, and even tutorials to help enrich your CyberLink experience overall. So if you need to stylize some dream sequence footage, for instance, you can log in and get tips from others who have that kind of knowledge.

While we do love the improvements that PowerDirector 10 brings to the table, we still wish we could squeeze a bit more out of its revamped engines. We felt it was a bit sluggish when launching, and it even lagged a little when we tried to quickly click through and preview all of the video effects. Overall, it's certainly not a slow program, but we did expect it to be a bit zippier.

In spite of its performance blips, we still consider CyberLink PowerDirector 10 a feature-packed video editor that gives you tons of bang for your buck. Whether you're a novice video editor or a more advanced user, it should have the tools you're looking for. And if it doesn't, you can probably find what you're looking for in the built-in treasure trove that is DirectorZone.

from Cyberlink now :

With a revamped TrueVelocity rendering engine that's faster than ever, along with the richest end-to-end 3D editing suite available, PowerDirector 10 is redefining digital video editing. Join over 2,000,000 users and experience first-hand the award-winning performance and professional-quality features PowerDirector has to offer. Designed with new technologies, PowerDirector is packed with powerful editing tools to support End-to-end 3D editing, HD video editing, magic tools to enhance video quality, thousands of customizable effects, 100 media tracks and a user interface that is designed for getting videos done fast and easy. 


What's new in this version: 
Revamped TrueVelocity 2 rendering engine 
Create 3D movies with end-to-end 3D video editing features 
Unleash your creativity with tons of pro-quality tools 
Create, share & learn with DirectorZone's 2,000,000+ members 
Find the perfect effect from over 200,000 free downloads

more :

Blazing Speed. 3D Editing. Spectacular Movie Creation.

PowerDirector 10 is the world’s fastest video editing software! With a 2nd generation TrueVelocity rendering engine that’s faster than ever, along with the richest end-to-end 3D editing suite available, PowerDirector 10 is redefining digital video editing.

The world's fastest video editor just got faster! Experience the mind-blowing video production speed of PowerDirector 10.
Faster Rendering with TrueVelocity 2 – 2nd gen. native 64-bit video engine delivers even more rendering speed.
OpenCL for Optimal Video Effect Speed -- Harnesses GPU power for greatly improved video effect speed. 
Intelligent Rendering with SVRT -- Analyzes an entire project, chooses best output profile for production speed.
Learn more about PowerDirector's 64-bit video performance
	 	
Over 300 pro-level video and audio editing tools make any creative vision a reality. 
Pro-Quality HD Editing -- Edit with a huge variety of tools, transitions and effects on a flexible 100 track timeline.
Powerful Core Tools -- Crop and rotate videos or precisely trim footage with PowerDirector’s Zoom-in Cut™.
One-Click Fixes -- Instantly correct lighting, shakiness, artifacts or upscaling to HD with TrueTheater enhancements.
Learn more about the Power Tools that put you in control

Making impressive 3D movies is no longer just Hollywood's privilege. Now you can make your own 3D movies at home. 
Import All the Latest 3D Formats -- Either from files or straight from 3D cameras/phones. 
Edit it All in 3D! – Enjoy a complete 3D editing workflow including 3D titles, disc menus, transition effects and more.
Output to 3D Formats -- Burn your project to industry standard 3D Blu-ray, 3D AVCHD or 3D DVD discs. 
Find out more about end-to-end 3D editing
	 	
Join the increasing number of people editing their videos with PowerDirector and sharing & learning on DirectorZone.
200,000+ FREE Effects -- Find the perfect effect, template, or DVD menu to set your project off.
Learn with Tutorials & Timelines -- Get the most out of your software with tutorials & timelines uploaded by others.
Sharing Made Easy -- Share your work to video sites like YouTube, Facebook, Vimeo, Daily Motion and more. 
Find out more about free online resources

more again :

Award-Winning Performance with TrueVelocityTM 

Judged the fastest consumer video editor by PC Pro*, PowerDirector has stayed ahead of the opposition by re-engineering its video rendering engine to provide even faster and more efficient video production. 

Leveraging both hardware and software technologies to speed up video processing, PowerDirector 10 harnesses system GPU power via OpenCL for incomparable effects rendering speed, while a brand new H.264 media encoder rapidly processes HD video.TrueVelocity 2 - World's Fastest Video Rendering Engine

PowerDirector is the world's first native 64-bit consumer video editor, enabling  improved system efficiency and faster loading of HD video footage. Already the fastest editor on the market, the latest version of PowerDirector introduces rendering engine innovations that take video processing speeds to new heights.

To the range of TrueVelocity technologies that improve previewing, effects rendering, format conversions, and outputting of videos, PowerDirector 10 has added OpenCL support, an enhanced HD video encoder and a patented Intelligent SVRT technology to help users to produce better videos in less time.

OpenCL Support for Optimum Hardware Acceleration

 OpenCL is the latest technology aimed at utilizing the full potential of system GPU and CPU power. Added into PowerDirector's new TrueVelocity 2 rendering engine, OpenCL harnesses the power of your system’s Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) and applies it to 48 video effects, greatly improving the speed of the editing process. 

 
 
Intelligent Video Rendering with SVRT

Complex calculations done for you! Intelligent Smart Video Rendering Technology (SVRT) analyzes an entire project to assess the types of media and formats used, then selects the best output profile for optimal production speed. 

Once the output profile is chosen, your video is rendered in the shortest possible time using patented1 SVRT technology that recognizes the portions of a movie clip that have been modified and only renders those portions during production and not the entire clip. 

 New Generation H.264 Encoding

Thanks to an enhanced H.264 software encoder, PowerDirector 10 is up to 38% faster than PowerDirector 9 at rendering 1080 HD video clips. This means that even if your PC doesn't have the latest CPU/GPU hardware, rapid video rendering speeds are still within reach.

PowerDirector 10
The World's Fastest Video Editor
Purchase Options
PowerDirector 10
  	Ultra 
incl. Romance Pack Vol.3
(US$29.95)	US$99.95 
 	Deluxe	 US$69.95 

Option(s)
Download Box 
Add To Cart
Upgrade Now
File Format, Device, and Language Support
Video File Importing MVC (M2T) NEW
Side-by-Side Video NEW
Top-under Video NEW
Dual-Stream AVI NEW
FLV
MKV
Canon, Nikon DSLR video files NEW
3GPP2
AVCHD (M2T)
AVI
DAT
DivX* (on Windows 7) 
DV-AVI
DVR-MS 
HD MPEG-2	MOD
MOV
MOV (H.264)
MPEG-1
MPEG-2
MPEG-4 AVC (H.264)
MP4
TOD
VOB
WMV
WMV-HD
WTV in H.264/MPEG2 (multiple video and audio streams)
DSLR video clip in H.264 format with LPCM audio
* To enable DivX, please download the Free DivX Plus from here

Audio File Importing
WAV, MP3, WMA, M4A
Audio Format Importing
 AAC, Dolby, DTS, WAVE, MPEG-1 Layer III
Photo File Importing
MPO NEW, JPS NEW, RAW, GIF, BMP, JPG, TIF, PNG
Video Capturing Device Support 
Analog TV tuner 
 PCI or USB1.0/2.0 capture device compliant with WDM standard
Video Camcorder Support 

 The list below represents camcorders from major camcorder brands that were tested by CyberLink, however, the list is not comprehensive. If your camcorder or format is not on the list it may still be compatible with PowerDirector, so please feel free to download the free trial to test your camcorder and file formats. Free trial 
 DV camcorder connected via OHCI-compliant IEEE1394 
 DVD camcorder connected via USB2.0 
 Sony MicroMV/HDV camcorder 
 JVC Everio camcorder 
 Panasonic MicroMV/HDV camcorder
 HDV capture (MPEG-2)
 Mini DVD
 Canon HF/HG/HR series
 Hitachi DZ-BD series
 JVC GZ-HD/GZ-HM/GZ-X series
 Panasonic AG/HDC
 Sony HDR/HXR Series
Video File Exporting (Production)
3D Video: MVC NEW, Side-by-Side NEW, Anaglyph NEW
High-Definition: AVCHD, MPEG-2 HD, WMV-HD
MPEG-2 
MPEG-4 
MPEG-4 AVC
MPEG-1
WMV
DV-AVI
QuickTime
RealMedia
AVCHD for SD Card
3GPP2 for 3G mobile phones 
Output Device Support 

The list below consists of devices from major brands that were tested by CyberLink, however, the list is not comprehensive. If your device is not on the list it may still be compatible with PowerDirector, so please feel free to download the free trial to test it out. Free trial
iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPod Classic 
Android Phones
Blackberry
PlayStation Portable (PSP), PlayStation 3 
XBox, Zune
Casio Hitachi mobile phones (in 3GPP2 format) 
Formats Supported for Disc Creation
3D Disc Burning: DVD/AVCHD/BD NEW
SVCD, VCD, DVD
BD Burning: BDMV
AVCHD Burning
BD disc burning with DTS audio NEW
Language Support
English
French
German
Italian
Spanish (European)
Chinese Simplified
Chinese Traditional
Japanese
Korean
Dutch
System Requirements
Operating System
Microsoft Windows 7, Vista or XP (Windows XP Service Pack 2 is required for HDV capture)
Screen Resolution
1024 x 768, 16-bit color or above 
CPU Processor 

PowerDirector 10 is optimized for CPUs with MMX/SSE/SSE2/3DNow!/3DNow! Extension/HyperThreading technology.
 AVI Capture/Producer: 
Profiles: Pentium II 450 MHz or AMD Athlon 500 MHz
 DVD Quality (MPEG-2) 
Profiles: Pentium 4 2.2 GHz or AMD Athlon XP 2200+ 
 High Quality MPEG-4 and Streaming WMV, QuickTime) 
Profiles: Pentium 4 3.0 Ghz or AMD Athlon 64 X2 
 Full-HD quality H.264 and MPEG2 
Profiles: Intel Corei5/7 or AMD Phenom II X4 
 AVCHD and BD burning Profiles: Pentium Core 2 Duo E6400, or AMD Phenom II X2 
3D Video Editing Profile: Intel Core i7 or AMD Phenom II X4 
Memory
512 MB required
3GB DDR2 or above recommended for 32 bit OS 
6GB DDR2 or above recommended for 64 bit OS & 3D editing
Hard Disk Space 
5 GB required minimum (note: 400 MB is for Magic Music Library)
10 GB (20 GB recommended) for DVD production
60 GB (100 GB recommended) for Blu-ray Disc/AVCHD production
Burning Drive 
A CD or DVD burner (CD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW or DVD-R/RW) is required to burn VCD/DVD/SVCD/AVCHD titles
A Blu-ray disc recordable drive is required to burn Blu-ray Discs
Supported GPGPU graphics card
NVIDIA:  
GeForce 8500GT and above
GeForce 9800GT and above
GeForce GT/GTS/GTX 200 series
GeForce GT/GTS/GTX 400 series
GeForce GT/GTS/GTX 500 series  
AMD / ATI :
AMD APU Family with AMD Radeon™ HD Graphics: A-Series, E2-Series, C-Series, E-Series, G-Series
AMD Radeon™ HD Graphics: 6900 Series, 6800 Series, 6700 Series, 6600 Series, 6500 Series, 6400 Series
ATI Radeon™ HD Graphics: 5900 Series, 5800 Series, 5700 Series, 5600 Series, 5500 Series, 5400 Series
 ATI FirePro™ Graphics 
ATI Mobility Radeon™ HD: 5800 Series, 5700 Series, 5600 Series, 5400 Series
ATI Mobility FirePro™: M7820, M5800

Notes:

1. Accelerated video encoding on AMD graphics cards requires the user to install the AMD Media Codec Package, also known as the Avivo™ Package. This package is available as an optional download when obtaining an AMD Catalyst™ Display Driver for AMD desktop graphics and notebook graphics products, available at www.amd.com.
 2. CyberLink PowerDirector 10 also supports AMD Fusion E-series & C-series Accelerated Processors Technology.

Learn more again from here :
 
http://www.cyberlink.com/products/powerdirector/overview_en_US.html

...

Enjoy and have fun and seed to max,please,as long as you can so.
Don't forget to say thx and please,don't forget to respect all conditions and terms for download and use this great program.
Big torrent : 1,75 Go...
So please,be patient anyway.
Avoid MediaGet and FDM,please !!!
libtorrent and flashget users must give their maximum upload for best results.
Slow peers on utorrent 3.0,please,deactivate your DNA acceleration !
same if you use BitTorrent 7.5,7.5.1 or later version as well.
Please,avoid using alpha version of any torrent client also.
I need maximum stability in this torrent,please !
Be observative and keep running in cooperative mode as well.
Ty again for understanding.
Cu around mates
and a nice day to all
cheers ;)