36 Crazyfists is a four-piece metal band originating from Anchorage, Alaska. They are now based in Portland, Oregon. The band's name comes from a Jackie Chan movie, Jackie Chan And The 36 Crazy Fists. They have released six studio albums, In the Skin, Bitterness the Star, A Snow Capped Romance, Rest Inside the Flames, The Tide And Its Takers and Collisions and Castaways.

Early years

36 Crazyfists was formed in 1994 in Anchorage, Alaska. The original members were vocalist Brock Lindow, guitarists Steve Holt and Ryan Brownell, bassist JD Stuart, and drummer Thomas Noonan. Holt is from Kenai, and Lindow spent much of his childhood there.Lindow, Brownell, Stuart, and Noonan are all from Anchorage.

36CF formed from the remains of 3 local bands: Grin, Hessian, and Broke. JD Stuart played in Grin, Brock Lindow in Hessian, and Steve Holt and Ryan Brownell in Broke. One of the circumstances influencing the formation of 36CF was the murder of Broke's drummer Duane Monsen. On 28 January 1994, Broke played a set at the Underground bar in Anchorage. Later that night there was an altercation between the drummer Duane Monsen and a drunken soldier who was stationed locally at Ft. Richardson. According to an old article in Anchorage Daily News, Monsen tried to apologize and diffuse the situation but instead was fatally stabbed in the neck. He was 27 years old. In the wake of this tragedy, Monsen's friends organised a benefit concert to raise funds for his family. Monsen's protegé Thomas Noonan played the drums at this show and the musicians decided that they were an excellent match. In retrospect it became the first 36CF performance.

They released their first EP, Boss Buckle, in 1995 on cassette. At this time the band's local popularity was rising quickly and the tape became a rarity, with the entire printing sold or given away as promos.

On 13 May 1996, 36CF opened for Primus at Egan Center in Anchorage. This concert was particularly interesting in a few ways. This was the one of the first times 36CF performed before an audience of thousands, though many locals were already familiar with the band's music. This was also the last show of Primus' Punchbowl tour and the last show for drummer Tim Alexander before his first hiatus from Primus.

36CF were planning to relocate to Tacoma Washington in search of professional recording contracts when another tragedy struck. On 16 June 1996, JD Stuart died in a car collision at age 23. This was a huge loss for the band because Stuart's playing style and top-notch musicianship and showmanship were a large part of the band's appeal. Nevertheless, the band continued on. At that time, Brownell retired from the band and the remaining members recruited bassist Mick Whitney, who is also from Anchorage. 36CF then relocated to Seattle-Tacoma metro area.

In 1997, the band released their second EP, Suffer Tree, on cassette. Later that year they released their full length debut CD, In the Skin. They next moved to Portland Oregon. In 1999, they released a 4-song demo that, through their friends in Skinlab, ended up in the hands of Monte Conner, A&R Rep at Roadrunner Records.
Roadrunner Records years (2000-2007)

Signed by Roadrunner Records in 2000, the band recorded their major debut album Bitterness the Star which was released on April 4, 2002. In support of its release they toured with bands such as Candiria, God Forbid, Chimaira, Diecast, and Hotwire. After touring the United States, they headed off to Europe to begin the European Road Rage Tour with Killswitch Engage and Five Pointe O.

The band re-emerged two years later, on March 16, 2004 with their second album A Snow Capped Romance which was produced by James Paul Wisner (who also produced albums for bands like Dashboard Confessional and As Friends Rust). They toured intensely behind the record (playing shows with acts like Killswitch Engage and Poison the Well) through December, taking two months off before beginning the work on their next album.

36 Crazyfists entered the studio with producer Sal Villanueva (who had worked with Thursday and Taking Back Sunday) in October 2005 to commence recording their third album Rest Inside the Flames which was released across Europe on June 12, 2006. Ultimately, Roadrunner decided not to release the album in North America. A deal with DRT Entertainment was later struck, and the album received a belated release on November 7, 2006.

The album was a success in the U.K., with Rest Inside the Flames debuting at #71 on the UK album charts, and reaching #2 in the BBC's Rock Album charts. However, the album only sold 1,858 copies in the US during its first week of release.

The band started an extensive U.K. tour, supported by Twelve Tribes and Your Rigamortus on April 1, 2007, where they played at 26 venues across the country.
[edit]
Ferret Music years (2007-present)

In May 2008 the band released The Tide And Its Takers, on Ferret Music. They continue to play annually at the Summer Meltdown Festival in Anchorage, Alaska, except for 2008, when they were on tour with the first Annual Rockstar Mayhem Festival. Shortly after the Mayhem tour, bassist Mick Whitney left the band and was replaced by Brett Makowski.

36 Crazyfists filmed their January 9, 2009, show in Anchorage, Alaska, for their first live DVD entitled Underneath A Northern Sky; the DVD was released in October 2009.

The band's latest album Collisions and Castaways, was released in the US by Ferret Music on July 27, 2010 and a day earlier in the rest of the world via Roadrunner Records. The album features guest appearances by Twelve Tribes frontman Adam Jackson (who also featured in 2008 album "The Tide and it's Takers"), Raithon Clay of Plans To Make Perfect, and Brandon Davis from Across The Sun. Production duties for the album were handled by band guitarist Steve Holt and sport mixing from Andy Sneap.

The band played a variety of European festivals in June, including the UK Download Festival. 36 Crazyfists returned to the US in July to tour with Fear Factory, After the Burial, Divine Heresy, and Baptized in Blood.

In the UK the band has resigned with Roadrunner Records. Collisions and Castaways was released a day earlier on July 26.

The band will play the Soundwave festival in Australia from late February through early March 2011.

In May 2011 36 Crazyfists confirmed they would be touring the UK starting on the 1st October in Oxford and finishing the 9 date tour in Birmingham on the 22nd October

Members
Brock Lindow – vocals (1994–present)
Steve Holt – guitar (1994–present)
Thomas Noonan – drums (1994–present)
Brett "Buzzard" Makowski - bass guitar (2008–present)
[edit]
Former
Mick Whitney - bass guitar (1996–2008)
JD Stuart – bass (died in a car accident in July, 1996)
Ryan Brownell – guitar (1994–1996)