Acronis True Image Home 2011


Acronis® Nonstop Backup

This must have feature has been expanded to support Acronis Secure Zone®, enabling you to recover on the fly, wherever you are, to any point in time, from a secure partition on your hard drive, even if your operating system has failed. (Note: requires working hard disk drive).
Graphical User Interface
A redesign of our user-friendly interface includes new features like Drag and Drop for faster navigation, Wizards and One-Click configuration tools to select the best backup and restore options for your needs.
Predefined backup schemes
Acronis True Image Home offers you predefined backup schemes designed for specific user needs - from a disk space-efficient scheme suitable for users with limited backup storage capabilities to a scheme for those users who need higher security for their data and system. The program offers different backup schemes for disk and file type backups. You just select a scheme and the program automatically manages your backups. In addition, you can create a custom backup scheme which will exactly suit your needs.
Full Windows 7 Integration
Discover how well Acronis® True Image™ Home 2011 and Windows® 7 work together to best protect your PC. Enhancements include Acronis integration within the Backup and Restore section of the Windows 7 Control Panel; the ability to view and restore previous file or volume versions from the Context menu; backup and restore of Windows libraries; and the ability to launch Acronis® True Image™ Home 2011 backups.
Time Explorer
You'll find this only with Acronis: an easy way to view and manage your backup files from a single screen. Annotate backup comments and review screenshots that show the state of the desktop at the moment of the backup.
USB 3.0 support
Acronis True Image Home supports the new USB 3.0 standard. If your motherboard can work with USB 3.0 hard disk drives, you can use the high data transfer speed offered by the new standard to make your backups run much faster.
Core Features

Disk Imaging
Backup the entire system on the fly with our patented disk imaging technology. It ensures the recovery of your operating system and applications without reinstalling any software.
File Backup
Back up individual files, folders or file categories.
Acronis Secure Zone®
Secure partition that allows you to store a disk backup on your system drive. Recover on the fly, wherever you are, even if your operating system has failed.
Set&Forget™
Configure just once and Acronis software performs the backups automatically from that point on.
Exclude files and folders
Back up only the data you want in order to save disk space.
Acronis® Startup Recovery Manager
Boot and restore a system after a failure. Start the recovery process simply by selecting the F11 key, even if your operating system has failed.
Reserve Backup Copy
Store multiple copies of the backup in another pre-defined location in a pre-selected format.
Virtual Hard Disk Support
Convert Acronis' backup images (.tib) into virtual hard disk files(.vhd) and vice versa, providing compatibility for Microsoft Windows 7 backup.
Privacy tools
Thorough system cleaning and reliable data destruction of files, partitions, or volumes.
Acronis Online Backup capability
Optional Acronis online storage services are available to automatically backup valuable data or files over the internet to a secure location.
Dynamic Disks and GPT Support
Is available with Acronis True Image Home 2011 Plus Pack
Incremental and differential backups
Acronis® True Image™ Home 2011 gives you alternatives to performing full backups every time by offering incremental and differential backups. Both capture changes only and save disk space with Acronis® data compression.
Try&Decide®
Safe environment for risk-free testing of new software or visiting websites with potentially dangerous content.
Clone Disk
Copy your entire Hard Drive and replace it with a new one without reinstalling operating systems and applications, saving hours of effort.
Smart Scheduling
Run backups automatically at preset or elapsed time, when the user is idle, on user logon/logout, on system startup/shutdown, or in coordination with other events.
One-Click Protection
Create a backup strategy of the system and implement it with just one click.
Boot from Windows 7 image
Windows 7 Ultimate users can boot from a backup image (.tib file) containing a backup of their system partition. This will allow the ability to test a backed up system without actual restoration. If the operating system boots from the .tib file, then it will boot when the need arises for a system recovery.
Live Backups
Keep working right through your backup for maximum convenience.
Image Encryption with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
Protect your backup data by encrypting with industry standard security tools: 128, 192 and 256-bit encryption.
Windows-style Interface
The new, sleek interface of this product works on the Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 operating systems.
Acronis True Image Home Plus Pack
Optional module that includes the flexibility to restore files, applications and an operating system to dissimilar hardware as well as providing support for Dynamic Disks and Microsoft® Windows Preinstallation Environments (WinPE).

Supported operating systems

Windows 7 all Editions
Windows Vista all Editions SP2
Windows XP Home Edition (X32, SP3)
Windows XP Professional (X32/X64, SP2)

Minimum system requirements

Pentium Processor 1 GHz or faster
512 MB RAM
CD-RW/DVD-RW drive for bootable media creation
Using Acronis Nonstop Backup requires at least 1 GB RAM
Mouse or other pointing device (recommended)
High speed internet connection (for use with Acronis® Online Backup)

Supported file systems

FAT16/32
NTFS
exFAT
Ext2/Ext3/Ext4
ReiserFS
Linux SWAP

Supported storage media

Hard Disk Drives
Networked Storage Devices
FTP servers
CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R
ZIP®, Jaz® and other removable media
PATA (IDE), SATA, SCSI, SAS, IEEE1394 (Firewire), USB1/2.0/3.0 drives
Windows Dynamic Disks and GPT volumes support available with Plus Pack add-on. Check this


All my uploads are for those people who cannot afford to buy them,who don't have credit cards and the product is not available in the market.

                          Kkeibul