 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61HW2Q3DA7L._SS500_.jpg


Title: A Very Larry Christmas
Artist: Larry the Cable Guy
Audio CD (November 16, 2004)
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Christmas Commentary
02. The Christmas Story
03. Santy For A Day
04. Oh Holy Crap
05. Fat Holiday Relatives
06. Singing Christmas Tree
07. A Letter To Shania Twain
08. Oh Little Girl From Birmingham
09. Waiter Commentary
10. Donny The Retard
11. Pissed-Off Christmas Poem
12. The Most Wonderful Ass
13. Titty Bar Christmas
14. Easy-To-Assemble
15. The First Queer Santy Claus
16. Fruitcake Commentary
17. Santy Claus, Santy Claus
18. I Pissed My Pants
19. Christmas Weight Gain
20. Grandpa's Thanksgiving Story
21. On The First Day Of Christmas
22. Redneck Santa Claus
23. Hark, The Hairlip Angel
24. A Letter To Santy Claus
25. Sticks And Horse Turds
26. Call A Doctor
27. Gift-Giving
28. I Wish My Mother-In-Law'd Get Hit By A Car


Amaon Description:
Larry The Cable Guy is a church-goin',strip bar-lovin', know-it-all redneck —and he's coming to your house for the holidays, thanks to the Warner Bros. debut of the hilarious and politically incorrect A Very Larry Christmas. Starring on "Blue Collar TV" with Jeff Foxworthy and Bill Engvall, as he did on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour, the Blue Collar Comedy Tour: The Movie (and soundtrack) and the forthcoming Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again (and soundtrack), Larry The Cable Guy has become one of the most popular comedians in the country.This season,"Git-R-Done!" and have A Very Larry Christmas.

Allmusic Review:
First off, A Very Larry Christmas is mostly Larry the Cable Guy's syndicated radio "commentaries" -- the ones where he gives his down-home observations on different topics into a microphone that's way to close to his mouth. There's some other odds, ends, and little ditties, but this is more audio-bookish than a traditional album. That said, it's very, very funny. When Larry tries to be a part of his church's singing Christmas tree, he can't understand why his "Wine 'Em, Dine 'Em, 69 'Em" T-shirt isn't allowed at choir practice ("Where does it say that in the Bible?"). Larry is an absurd, lazy, hedonist from America's heartland who has way too much time to think about things. Don't take as offensive his idea that nonbelievers and folks of different faith should stay out of the Targets and Wal-Marts at Christmas time so the Christians can grab all the deals. Along with his knowingly out-of-date catch phrase "What the hell is this, Russia?" Larry is hoping you laugh at him more than with him by totally missing the real meaning of Christmas and by making plenty of other dimwitted blunders elsewhere. These "commentaries" are much more Larry as a character than he is in his standup routine, a slow character like Charlie Weaver or Jethro from the Beverly Hillbillies. Think Jethro with a South Park mouth and a bit of Blazing Saddles sensibility, and you'll stop worrying that he means everything he says. He's got talent, he's highly entertaining, and most of his jokes work well past the first listen. All these things -- along with some choice fart jokes -- overcome A Very Larry Christmas' slapped-together construction and make it worthwhile. 

