
This is a Release of Priest (Unrated 2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.6GB.
This Release includes:
- Priest (Unrated 2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	- Filmmaker's & Cast Commentary (mp3)
	-Deleted & Extended Scenes
	- The Bloody Frontier - Creating The World Of Priest
	- Tools Of The Trade - The Weapons And Vehicles Of Priest
-Priest DVD COVER

That’s the whole Priest (unrated) DVD Ripped for you to enjoy including ALL THE BONUS FEATURES found nowhere else on the net! Please seed. Thank you. vladtepes3176

Plot: Priest is a 2011 American supernatural action film starring Paul Bettany as the title character. The film, directed by Scott Stewart, is based on the Korean comic of the same name. In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War, the veteran Warrior Priest (Bettany) lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities. When the Priest's niece (Lily Collins) is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down. He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend (Cam Gigandet), who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess (Maggie Q)

Cast: 
Paul Bettany as Priest
Karl Urban as Black Hat
Cam Gigandet as Hicks
Maggie Q as Priestess
Lily Collins as Lucy Pace
Brad Dourif as Salesman
Stephen Moyer as Owen Pace
Christopher Plummer as Monsignor Orelas

Details:
English
87 Minutes
IMBD: tt0822847

Product Description: In a post-apocalyptic world, a savage war between man and vampire raged for centuries. A warrior priest (Paul Bettany) receives word of fresh attacks but now it`s personal, his niece has been kidnapped by a new hive of merciless vampires. To save her, he must break his vow of peace and hunt down the hive before it's too late. Based on the acclaimed graphic novel and packed with bloodthirsty action, this full throttle crusade takes you on the hunt for a deadly new breed of killer.
Please Seed…Cheers…vladtepes3176
