Why whine about it, when you can grind about it?

This Alberta based band is in the running as one of the premier grindcore acts to ever escape out from under the conservative confines of the music industry. In part this could be due to the years of experience each member has had toiling the underground music scene in other notable bands in western Canada such as Thorazine, Caveat, Section VIII, and Blacksky.

Formed in the spring of 2006 it was collectively decided that this music; this band had to take a stand against the tyranny of war, racism, media propaganda and the state of our global environment. Exit Strategy is more than a smack in the face, it is a brick to those who stand by in their ignorance; those content to sit idle need not attend the high energy concerts performed. They may be rattled when the lead for the band goes on his notable rants against the war in Iraq, political injustice, and the complacent attitudes of today; even borrowing from the heavy hitting punk rock icon Henry Rollins “Support the troops, not the war!”

In just a few months of forming, Exit Strategy was asked to step on the stage, as a last minute replacement in Calgary, AB. Armed with only two tracks and a few covers, the show exploded with their short performance and within a twenty-four hour time frame, all one hundred; of the two track demo cds were gone. Quickly placing the tracks on the band’s Myspace web page was the only way to ease the demand. After realizing that fans would not stand for only downloading, another release of the demo had to be made. Again all one hundred copies were gone within the week. Widening their fan base further was done with a short, memorable tour beginning in Vancouver, BC and ending as a feature band for Arsonfest 2007 in Winnipeg, MB. Again, all the demos were gone. Exit Strategy saw the graffiti on the wall; it was time to get a full length disc into the hands of the masses.

“united state of amnesia"


Summing up the global ignorance to what is really going on in the world today. If the title track did not speak clearly enough there are always eight more tracks to scream the point across. With songs titled ‘Just?’ that question the true intentions of the Iraq war; ‘War torn Gaze’ dealing with the atrocities against children and ‘Blood’ grappling with humanity’s damnation to repeat ourselves by fighting over racial and religious differences; Exit Strategy is whining about nothing. 