I expect to soon have the Amigos para siempre CD/DVD combo of the Ten
Tenors received from overseas so I can offer you a better 320k version
of the Con La Orquesta De Rtve - En Aranjuez Con Tu Amor number in
both mp3 and in DivX too. Stay tuned for it folks!

This is a CD of The Canadian Tenors (2008) who are capable of similar
quality to what the Ten Tenors achieve in their best song included
here as a bonus track in what we now have of it. (itunes doesnt list
this song either for some strange reason - at the moment in any event).
Even if they mainly put out 256k cores it is close enough to the max
of the real McCoy if they have it to offer and so why not! (Some material
is nowhere to be found in this country - we even had to get the popular Sean O'Neill band's CD sent to us from Ireland as Canada at present doesn't
honour availability of such music tastes equally to say rap music I am
entirely honest in suggesting as the latter is plentifully in store while
the former is frowned upon as somewhat posturing to be somewhat sensibly
superior prhaps. Such ideas are a "no no" indeed it would seem! What a shame!

As for the Canadian Tenors CD we otherwise bring you today, I can only
say that for a country that does so little for Western music and culture
in its own efforts - (I daresay this country could even often manage a Bryn
Terfel from amongst its own ranks if it chose to) - and what not indeed eh -
its a nice enough effort - for the most part. specifically the Latin and
French sections are well done while the English content I have to say is in
a tone lacking emotive sincerety however it is still an improvement over 
"Eminem music" I daresay!

Michael Rizzo Chessman


The Canadian Tenors (2008) CD 320k (musicfomrizzo) plus bonus track

The Canadian Tenors - Adagio.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Always There.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Because We Believe.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Belle.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Home I'll Be.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - I Only Know How to Love.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - La Califfa.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Luna.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - One More Day.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Remember Me.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Sempre Vicino.mp3
The Canadian Tenors - Watching Over Me.mp3
 
bonus track
The Ten Tenors Con La Orquesta De Rtve - En Aranjuez Con Tu Amor.mp3