Easily organize your personal
and business finances
Key features and benefits:

    Includes everything in Quicken Premier, and more
    Manages personal and business finances – see them together
    in one place
    Shows personal and business expenses – know where your
    money\'s going
    Displays your business profit and loss – see how you\'re doing
    at a glance



View all your accounts in one place
Manages both your personal and business finances together in one place1

Organizes your financial information by bringing your personal and home-based business accounts together in one place, including banking, credit card, loan, 401(k), and investing accounts. Avoid the hassle of going to multiple websites: see your complete financial picture with just one password. Access over 12,000 banks, brokerages and other financial institutions — including PayPal. See it
See exactly where your money\'s going with auto categorization!
See where your money\'s going

Quicken Home & Business automatically categorizes your personal and home business expenses. Then, Quicken shows you where you\'re spending your money, including both business and personal expenses. Check in anytime to see exactly where your personal and business finances are for the week, month or year. See it
Always know how your home-based business is doing

View your business profit and loss at a glance: Quicken Home & Business gives you an overall snapshot of what\'s coming in for the month, what\'s going out, and what\'s left in your accounts. See it
Helps maximize deductions and simplify your taxes2

Captures all your deductions, including mileage and expenses for specific jobs, or even household expenses that you can partially write off. The business tax deduction summary lets you instantly see your tax deduction status throughout the year to help avoid any April 15th surprises. At tax time, save time by creating Schedule C reports for your accountant. You can also easily export your data directly to TurboTax to prepare your taxes quickly and accurately. See it
Simplifies estimating and invoicing

Easily create, print, and save professional-looking estimates and invoices for your clients and customers. See it
Provides comprehensive investing and planning tools

Easily track, analyze, and optimize your investment portfolio. You can see changes in assets, liabilities, and net worth with one click: we show how your investments are performing across all your accounts. See it
Helps you make better buy/sell decisions
Helps you make better buy/sell decisions

We identify your top-performing investments and compare your portfolio to the market, so you can make smart decisions on buying or selling. For example, use Morningstar Ratings™ to compare mutual funds and see which ones best fit your investment management goals. See it
Getting started is a breeze
Getting started is a breeze

It\'s simpler than ever to put Quicken to work for you, so you can reach your financial goals faster. With our Guided Setup, you just answer a few simple questions; we\'ll show you how Quicken works, and what to do next. You\'ll see your financial picture come quickly into focus.
Create —and stay —on budget
Create, and stay, on a budget

We make it easy to get on, and stay on a budget. Quicken automatically sets up budget goals based on what you\'ve spent in the past. You can easily customize your plan, and we’ll track your progress. See it
Never miss a bill
Never miss a bill

See what bills have already been paid, what\'s coming up, and if you have enough left in your accounts to cover them – all in one convenient place. Set reminders to pay bills on time and instantly check the status of past bills. See It
NEW! Stay on top of your day to day finances
Stay on top of your day-to-day finances

Get a better picture of what you have coming in, going out, and what\'s left to spend or save. Completely redesigned for 2011, our cash flow graph makes it easy. Also, see how much money you have left after upcoming bills and income. See it
Easily uncover any unusual account activity
Easily uncover any unusual account activity

We\'ve made it easier to review your transactions, so you can quickly spot anything that looks inaccurate or out of place. If a transaction requires follow-up, you can flag it with a reminder.
Simplify taxes with TurboTax
Simplify taxes with TurboTax2

Quicken Home & Business pairs perfectly with TurboTax to save you time. Easily export your data directly to TurboTax for fast and accurate tax preparation.
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
100% Satisfaction Guarantee

If you\'re not 100% satisfied, return your Quicken Home & Business 2011 personal finance software with your dated receipt within 60 days of purchase for a refund of the purchase price (return shipping and handling charges not included).
Get tips from other Quicken users
Get tips from other Quicken users

With Quicken\'s Live Community, you can get help and advice from other Quicken users without ever leaving Quicken. If you have a question about something specific you\'re trying to do, just look to Live Community on the right of the Quicken screen for the answer.
Enjoy free support when you buy, install or upgrade Quicken
Enjoy free support when you buy, install or upgrade Quicken3

If you need help purchasing, installing or upgrading your new Quicken personal finance software, free phone support is available. For more information, visit our Help & Support site.
Easily import from Microsoft Money
Easily import from Microsoft® Money4

If you\'ve been using Microsoft Money personal finance software, we can help you transfer your valuable financial information to Quicken. (4) With our easy-to-use Data Converter tool, you\'ll be up-and-running with Quicken in practically no time.
featured green arrow