BreezeTree Software FlowBreeze v2.5.76 Multilingual

FlowBreeze is a Microsoft® Excel® add-in that automates the flowcharting process by converting your text into flowcharts. FlowBreeze lets you create flowcharts by just typing. You simply type in each flowchart step, and press . The text is replaced by a flow chart symbol. Formatting is applied, symbols are aligned, and a connector is added automatically.


Save Time
FlowBreeze is the perfect tool for creating flowcharts because it makes flowcharting easy. You will benefit from many handy features that save you time and make flowcharting painless:
Create flowcharts just by typing.
Pre-layout flowchart content on a spreadsheet.
Convert existing text or documents (e.g. Word) into a flow chart with the Text-To-Flowchart Wizard.
Automatically add Start and End Terminator symbols.
Assign keywords to generate specific flowchart symbols.
Make Flowcharting a Painless Process
Apply formatting styles in a single click.
Generate a flowchart symbol key at the click of a button.
Automatically add connectors from the previous symbol.
Create uniformly sized shapes.
Design custom flowchart templates or use one of the many pre-made templates.
(Including cross-functional swim lanes, title blocks, opportunity charts, deployment charts, DMAIC diagrams, SIPOC diagrams, PDCA diagrams, and many more flowchart templates.)
Be Creative
Style your flowchart symbols with up to 84 built-in formats.
Style your connectors with 21 built-in formats
Includes 124 available symbols, including flowchart symbols, block arrows, callouts and more.
Add straight, elbow, or curved connectors.
Export flow charts as 6 picture formats (PNG, BMP, JPG, GIF, WMF, TIF).
Collaborate
Copy and paste flowcharts directly into Word or PowerPoint.
All flowcharts are editable by anyone using the built-in Microsoft Office drawing tools.
Save flowcharts as Excel files.
Anyone with Excel can view, edit, or maintain the flowcharts.

Home Page - http://www.breezetree.com

