 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51cfEZ3ihSL._SS500_.jpg



It's the Customer, Stupid!: 34 Wake-up Calls to Help You Stay Client-Focused


Willey 
Michael Aun
English 
2011 
ISBN: 0470907398 
254 Pages 
PDF 
1,8 MB

Ruthlessly focus on what's convenient for customers, not what's convenient for you
Ninety percent of dissatisfied clients will take their business elsewhere and never tell you why. However, ninety-five percent will become loyal customers again if their needs and problems are addressed and remedied.

Speaker and salesperson Michael Aun shares these secrets and many more in It's the Customer, Stupid!, a guide to growing any business by gaining new customers, and, more importantly, by keeping the ones you have happy and coming back for more. This fun-to-read book explains common myths about sales and customer satisfaction, starting with the fact that most businesses think they're customer-centric, but they just aren't.

• Get proven steps to REALLY put your customer at the center of what you do
• Distinguish your business from the competition by understanding the principle that good sales ARE good service
• Author received the Toastmasters "World Championship of Public Speaking" award and is also a full-time businessman practicing what he preaches daily
It's the Customer, Stupid! reveals key actions that will shake up your business approach. Your customers will love you for them, and you'll love the effect on sales! 
From the Inside Flap
Unhappy customers won’t just dump you. No, first they’ll tell at least ten or more people about their bad experience with your company, and then they’ll broadcast it online. But wait, you say you have a good customer service department? Really? What hoops do your customers have to jump through before you help them? What rules have you wrapped around your customer service department, so that your reps can’t really help? How long do you keep your customers on hold?
In It’s the Customer, Stupid!, top salesperson and motivational speaker Michael Aun shares his secrets to keeping your customers happy, your sales growing, and yourself sane. You’ll discover the myths and truths about customer satisfaction—and why many businesses and organizations, despite their claims of being customer-centric, really haven’t got a clue.
This energizing book is packed with sales-boosting tips you can apply right away to your company or your own job, including:
• If you need to fix something, don’t make the customer work for it.
• Somebody has to take out the trash. Translation: If your company makes a mistake, you may have to fire the person who caused the problem later, but for now, step in and make the customer happy again. Fix the problem, not the blame!
• Whether you’re talking to a customer or trying to make a sale, shut up and listen.
• So what if you might screw up? Make a decision!
The good news is that you can woo disgruntled customers back, keep them content, and even grow Sales. But first, wake up and smell the coffee: It’s the Customer, Stupid!

[/color][/quote][/b]