Narin Feqe was born in the city Derek near Qamishlo, in the south of Kurdistan . She left Kurdistan, along with her family at the age of 10, and 1991 was the year when they moved to Sweden . Narin was inspired and learned to sing from her father, Cudi, who is a well known singer in the kurd community. Cudi is also recognized among kurds all over the world. It was not long before her father recognized the unusual beautiful strength of her voice and realized the possibilities of a success, thus he encouraged her and did the outmost to help his daughter to succeed. Narin used to sing solo in english on various music performances during her school years. At the age of 19 she also started taking singing lessons at Kulturama, which is Scandinavia's largest school of performing arts in Stockholm . She was given the opportunity there to learn extensively about music in various ways. She is currently studying music by taking private lessons in singing and learn to play the classic piano.

After high school Narin started to study at Södertorns University College. She has now completed three years of law studies and has chosen a major in political science. She started to sing professionally at the age of 22 after winning the first price at a singing contest in 30 May 2003, arranged by the Kurdish Youth Federation in Stockholm. She continued her musical career, and in Newroz 2005 she will released her first single Nalinek, which consists of three songs in Kurmanji. The music is contemporary and a mixture of traditional kurdish music and modern oriental beats

Narins new album received the name Heve which means hope. Hevi consists of ten professional and beautiful songs that consist of traditional Kurdish music, modern oriental rhythms and the new pop style. The album Hevi is a two-year project that started in 2006. The lyrics and the music are compiled by different composers; four of the songs are composed by the artist Memo Seyda , the pop hit Xem u Dem which means Sorrow and Time, and the hit Hevi, hope, are two examples. The album Hevi received its name of the song Hevi. The message of the song Hevi is peace and freedom for the Kurdish woman and the woman's possibilities to decide over her own life. The album is also dedicated to all of Narin’s listeners and fans. Narin promises and continues to do whatever she can to provide quality music for her people in a modern and professional way that will make her memorable.	

 1. Xem u Dem
 2. Hevi
 3. Ger Berya Te Bikim
 4. Mehelle
 5. Tene Derya
 6. Beyadi To
 7. Hey Dunyaye
 8. Giyanekem
 9. Cawa Eze Te Ji Bir Bikim
10. Xem u Dem
