
Author(s): Jeff Hertzberg MD
Publisher: Thomas Dunne Books
Date: 2009-10-27
Format: PDF
Language: English
ISBN10: 0312545525
Pages: 336
ISBN13: 9780312545529

Product Description:


From the authors of the groundbreaking, hugely popular Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day comes a new cookbook filled with quick and easy recipes for healthy bread  

Their first book was called “stupendous,” “genius,” and “the holy grail of bread making.”  Now, in their much-anticipated second book, Jeff Hertzberg, M.D., and Zoe Francois have taken their super-fast method and adapted it for the health-conscious baker, focusing on whole grains and other healthier ingredients.

The method is still quick and simple, producing professional-quality results with each warm, fragrant, hearty loaf.  In just five minutes a day of active preparation time, you can create delectable, healthy treats such as 100% Whole Wheat Bread, Whole Grain Garlic Knots with Olive Oil and Parsley, Black-and-White Braided Pumpernickel and Rye Loaf, Black Pepper Focaccia, Pumpkin Pie Brioche, Chocolate Tangerine Bars, and a variety of gluten-free breads.  About a dozen of the recipes are 100% whole grain.  

Healthy Bread in Five Minutes a Day will show you that there is time enough for home-baked bread, and that it can be part of a healthy diet.  Calling all bread lovers: Whether you are looking for more whole grains, watching your weight, trying to reduce your cholesterol, or just care about what goes into your body, this book is a must-have.  The authors answer bread questions at their website: www.healthybreadinfive.com.

Jeff Hertzberg and Zoe Francois met while taking care of their toddlers at a kids’ music class, and co-authored their first book, Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day: The Discovery That Revolutionizes Home Baking in 2007.  The book became a bestseller, with rave reviews in the New York Times, Associated Press, the Arizona Republic, and other media all over the United States, Canada, and Europe.  They’ve demonstrated their revolutionary stored-dough method on television in San Francisco, Chicago, Minneapolis, Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Tampa, and Phoenix.