Visual Fortran 2010 v11.6

Release Date : 2011-06-20
Nfo Date : 2011-06-20

Num. Disks : xx/8                        OS : X64
Nfo Time : 13:37                Rel Type : License
Cracker : Team Lz0              Archive : lz0.zip
Packer : Team Lz0                Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English
Protection : FlexLM

Requirements : N/A
Publisher URL : http://www.pgroup.com/
Publisher : PGI

(x)  Keyfile / License          (-)  Emulator
(-)  Patch                      (-)  Serial
(-)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (-)  Retail
(-)  Keygen                    (-)  Trainer
(-)  Loader                    (-)  Other

1999 - 2011

I N F O

PGI Fortran compilers offer world-class performance and
features including both automatic and OpenMP 3.0
parallelization support for optimizing performance on
multi-core processors. State-of-the-art compiler
technologies found in PVF include vectorization,
parallelization, interprocedural analysis, memory hierarchy
optimization, cross file function inlining, CPU-specific
optimization and more. PGI Unified Binary? technology
streamlines cross-platform support by combining into a
single executable file code optimized for any number of
different x64 processors.

PVF augments the Visual Studio debugger by adding a Fortran
language specific custom debug engine. The PVF debug engine
supports debugging of single and multi-thread, OpenMP,
multi-thread MSMPI and hybrid MSMPIOpenMP Fortran
applications. It enables debugging of 64-bit or 32-bit
applications using source code or assembly code, and
provides full access to the registers and hardware state of
the processors. Other multi-process MSMPI capabilities
include Visual Studio property pages for configuring
compile-time options, launching applications either locally
on a workstation or on a distributed-memory Windows HPC
Server 2008 cluster system, and debugging of programs
running either locally or on a cluster.

Visual Studio Integration
PVF includes features to enable rapid code development. PVF
adds syntax coloring, Fortran intrinsics tips and keyword
completion to the Visual Studio editor. PVF includes a
complete Fortran build environment for Visual Studio with
Fortran specific features such as automatic build
dependency management. PVF is interoperable with Microsoft
Visual C so Fortran sub-programs can call C functions and
vice versa. PVF includes a number of DVF/CVF compatibility
features including full support for the Win32 API. Sample
projects include building Fortran dialog boxes, console and
Windows applications, DLLs and static libraries.

PVF augments the Visual Studio debugger with a custom debug
engine that provides Fortran language specific debugging
capability. The PVF debug engine supports debugging of
single-thread, multi-thread, and OpenMP applications. It
enables debugging of 64-bit or 32-bit applications using
source code or assembly code, and it provides full access
to the registers and hardware state of the processor. The
PVF debug engine can debug executable files built for
native Windows, Windows Subsystem for UNIX-based
Applications (SUA) and Windows Services for UNIX (SFU). The
PVF debug engine is interoperable with the Visual C.

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install.
2) Place keyfile in program/game directory.
3) Enjoy this release
