Wolf In a Spacesuit - Pink Slip EP (2007)

Tracklisting:

Pink Slip EP

1. The Money Tree (Throwaway Fun Fun in the Sun Version)
2. Oh, Tender Misfortune
3. Endangered Aminalz
4. Octopus Battle Snake
5. They Flew In On Kites
6. It Was All Wrong
7. In My Dreams She Had A Mouthful of Diamonds
8. 700,000,000 Miles
9. Upset Parents
10. Lovely Ladies
11. Minutes of Dicking Around
12. All The Love Is Gone
13. No Thinky
14. Countryside House
15. Sleep Tight, Mr. Wolf, Hold Your Bleeding Head Up High
16. Dusty
17. Futuristic City Bullshit

BIO:

Most bands form through the meeting of kindred musical spirits. They grow in the garages and bedrooms of teenagers and mature in the small and dusty local clubs of a band’s home town, before finally, Fate intervenes and a group of wide-eyed hopefuls are catapulted into stardom. This is not the story of Wolf In A Spacesuit. Existing solely on the internet for a number of years, Wolf In A Spacesuit is a testament to the power of the World Wide Web, and proves that technology can make opportunities appear seemingly out of thin air.

Formed in 2006 as a side project of Algebra Huxley—previously of the band The Winter Set—Wolf In A Spacesuit began as nothing but a strange name created to house even stranger sounds. Huxley, who is a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, had thousands of ideas brewing in his labyrinth-like mind, but he had neither the resources nor band mates to fully realize his vision. Undeterred, he set out on making an EP and built himself a strong internet presence along the way. Shrouding himself in a cloud of anonymity, Huxley refused to reveal his real name and to this day has posted no photographs of the band in human form. However, this decision proved to have an enigmatic appeal to the public, and through sending and receiving thousands of cryptic messages, Huxley earned the support of musical heavy-hitters like MGMT, Boy Crisis, and Amazing Baby, all before ever stepping a foot onto a physical stage.

Social networking did not only provide Huxley with invaluable contacts across the globe, it also led him to future band member Arthur Aircraft. Aircraft had been working on his own solo project, The Small Towns, when he came across Wolf In A Spacesuit’s music online. He sent Huxley a letter conveying his interest in the project and instantly a connection was sparked. The two had lots in common; both Aircraft and Huxley had come to Chicago from Indiana and had grown up only a few miles away from each other. Both attended Ball State University, yet they had never crossed paths before. After learning about their similar pasts, the two men sensed a strong musical and spiritual understanding and decided to join forces as a band. Aircraft brought intricate guitar melodies to Huxley’s experimental electronics and synths, and together they cultivated a sound that is both undeniably unique yet entirely accessible to the mainstream.

In the summer of 2009, Huxley recruited third member Elizabeth McDowell (The Juggernauts) to the band and the trio self-released a five song EP entitled Pomegranate Stationary that September. McDowell parted ways with the project a few months later. Soon after releasing Pomegranate Stationary, the EP caught the attention of Toronto-based indie label Hi-Scores Recording Library, and a deal was made to manufacture a limited run of 7” white vinyl for the singles Bark of a Cedar and I Fee Nthg. Hi-Scores also released the two songs digitally with a bonus instrumental version of the track Amber Hand.

Offers for live shows quickly followed, and since the April release of Bark of a Cedar / I Fee Nthg, Wolf In A Spacesuit has emerged as a truly promising act to follow. Huxley and Aircraft are currently working on their first full length LP, entitled Safari, to be released in two parts. The first single off Safari, No Birds Fly, premiered on the band’s MySpace on August 31st, 2010. Wolf In A Spacesuit is not signed to a label at this time.