Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                    
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                    
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates



More Golden releases here:                                    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                    
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains three videos (split into several files each) and five photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?znyk74cfn3y8jpkrsgn9ekyocxyi 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ly0jk74r0f6wi441snsk3fshzq6a 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mj6s9krjlgrc93xwhyxpatza7pr 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3b6adpnxtssfr71td65mlfrzayjd 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?goujtcof9h81wy8wrk2v7naxll 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?v5zbstussm4g2cx9ds7knx5psbb3 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cwzkslns71kj84oq9uqow2x4ys8 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?slnrxr25tx3hdtbv3oigp7jzncwz 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zc4b83vzohquhadod2o40htycvuf 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?7peza1q8sscloe228cwa1eqqk0o8 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?9wn31ldtd7k5tnkug3c99xw51kx 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zj6a07lnf0vusoxrj1oa08h5ld6q


Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Well, what do you say? I say the bigger the better.... but before we get into that I will tell you a little about the real life Lilith. Contrary to popular believe I am not the goddess of the underworld (for all you mythology buffs!) but just a normal girl with a little bit less than normal life. I grew up in a small town for my early years but then because of my parent's jobs I ended up having the privilege of traveling the country and then the globe. I speak three languages perfectly and often find myself dazed off in another language.... that's usually french. My thick Euro background is full of opera singing Italianos and skinny cigarette smoking frenchmen (really!). My great grandfather was an Italian Opera singer which probably explains my love of opera music.... especially when I am masturbating! I close my eyes, relax and listen to the words as they carry me to orgasm as the tall, dark and handsome stud of my dreams makes dirty, dirty love to me. Even though the fantasy is erotic (I know, it's kinda lame, but I cum to it, so there!) my normal life is probably more titillating than everything. A normal day in my life consists to waking up with my man's giant cock sliding around my pussy till the wet drippyness on my thighs causes me to stir. A Fuck a day keeps the Doctor away, I always say! Might as well start the day off right. Yea, so I'm a nympho, but this girly girl just can't get any grocery store sausage, like I said, I like'um big! Try 9.5 inches long and 6.5inches around!  I like to warm up with some doggy style, put on a little techno music and ride that giant cock to town! I squirt when I'm penetrated deep so once I'm ontop, I lean back and wham! There she goes! Two big orgasms usually hit me back to back, follow it with a real thick but plug in my ass and that's a great morning to wake up to! Some people like coffee, I like... well you get the point.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  When I got an email from her, with a picture of her holding a giant toy (which is the purple one she rides here) and a paper saying 'I want to shoot for FTV', I had to say yes.  Here's the submission photo.  The fact that she claimed she could ride that big toy, bigger than the FTV Monster, I'd have to see it in person.  Strangely enough, there is someone in Portland, Oregon (where she lives) who is claiming to be an FTV photographer, and is 'holding auditions' for FTV.  Unfortunately there seems to be a lot of fake 'imposters' posing as FTV photographers, to do who knows what with these models.  Fortunately in this case, Lilith contacted me directly off the site, instead of going to this 'audition'.  If there was a legal way to stop these guys...  Anyways, we started at a mall, warming up to teases and flashing (and getting caught by an angry office worker) we get to see spreads & closeups of her private parts.  Clip 2 she masturbates hard 'her way', and has several orgasms (with strong, open vaginal contractions), squirting as well.   Notice the scars on her thighs, which was from a terrible skiing accident a few years back.  It made it very difficult to shoot her in a flattering manner up close, so I had her hands (or other objects) blocking those scar areas as much as I could throughout the shoot.  She also had a breast reduction from DD's, with supporting implants.  Its a shame she went from naturally larger to fake with scars smaller -- but she said she had tremendous back pain because of her larger breasts back in the day.  ALL the toys came out for this event, with my largest in front of her.  She put them to shame with her even larger toys.  The BIg Ten, something that most FTV girls have difficulty with, she took with ease.  The FTV Monster, she took to the base, a new record.  Then that toy I'll call the Titanic Purple Toy she took rather deep as well.  Lastly, that Glass FTV Monster toy, which no girl has ever been able to use, she took rather deep as well.  For you extreme fans, this is just the beginning.


Model Comments: Once clothed my day you would think would tone down but sorry to dissapoint you, it just gets crazier. I try to webcam for at least 3 hours. I whip out dildos, they go in both holes, I work my way up to my "Giant Purple One" and I'm ready for real cock again by lunch. Public Display of Affection really gets my engine going so most days like to go visit my man at work for a little back seat action..... unless I get the hand to the neck and the "I'll choke you later baby but keep the sucker fish at bay for right now." Gosh! First men want it 10x a day and then when they got it, it's like a tool they use against you to make you want them more! From afternoon on my days vary. Some days it's to the strip club to get my dirty lil dancing hoe on, and then other days it's off to do live dildo shows or on an innocent side over to my parents house for some meatballs and pastries you can feel making you fatter but you just can't stop eating. At night is when the true euro side of me comes out. I don't like to eat till about 8/9 o'clock at night and then I like to mange with lots of family and friends till the wee hours of the night, then check out a club or a bar for a night cap and some grooves before my gorgeous better half takes me home to shove the "calapillar" hopefully deeper in me than ever before. That is if he is a good boy and ties me up (without me biting him, flipping him over, tying him up and taking advantage of him!) fucks me right with my feet behind my ears and makes me come over and over and over till I crace the hard stretching of a giant foreign object.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Once she was well tested with the biggest dildos ever created, I wanted to test her limits on the 'FTV Style' fetish stuffing themes.  A lot of you have the heel/foot/stiletto fetish, and the shoe heel stuffing -- lets take it somewhere no girl has ever gone before.  Take the shoe front end first!  We bought this pair specifically for the shoot, and it was truly challenging for her, as its wide side pushed her to her limits.  She would not back down until she had it in her though, and had to get a cell phone pic of it as well.  We did it twice; once for photos, the next for videos.  Then comes the 'panty stuffing', well instead of stuffing 4 panties or something like that... why not stuff her entire dress?  An extreme fetish for sure, which she did accomplish admirably.  Even more popular on FTV is the zucchini stuffing etc...  and we started with two summer squashes.  Most girls have a hard time with one, now imagine two larger ones!  She gets them both in, and then moves on to zucchinis.  I remember Nadine of FTV holding the record with 3 zucchinis in her vagina... well this girl takes four!!  Incredible.  With some anal play, she triple penetrates herself as well.   With her totally enjoy the experience and wanting to do more, I pushed every limit with the fetishes that extreme type FTV members would ask for.


Model Comments: I haven't always known of my massive love for massive penetration, I just started playing around with it last year, so you could say it's new to me! Then again I wouldn't call myself an amateur because the last year of stretching has me trained to the level of black belt master in the ancient art of GIGANTOYFU!!! It is the age old ritual of Gigantic Toys Fucking You! What started it was one night at the very beginning of our relationship my boyfriend asked me how I felt about anal. I said I love it, my first boyfriend wanted to do it all the time, but after that it seemed like my love for it up the butt was a passe as scrunchies and parachute pants. That night, baring my ass to the world with drapes open and windows ajar he fucked my ass till I had one of the biggest orgasms of my life. Since that I was on a mission to reproduce that feeling on my own. Since Obviously I don't have a cock of my own I had to improvise.... which what feels good in one hole, must be good in the other! We experimented together, as I love being watched, with fruits, vegetables, water bottles, wine bottles, golf balls and more! Eventually we figured out I was pretty stretchy south of the border and made repeated trips to the sex shop for bigger and bigger horizons to conquer. But when I'm not fucking, and not thinking about fucking I'm not as pornstarish as you would think. I'm outgoing when needed but naturally a little shy. I love art, photography, cooking and being a cutesy house bunny in innocent boy shorts and lacey bras. I take bubbke baths like you 'd think I was a fish... my sign is cancer the crab and who doesn't love a watery 69!!!! I die for soft bath robes and sparkly lotions and me and my best friend love to have a bath, lotion up, pop popcorn and snuggle under the covers and watch trash tv! Yes, I would flash Jerry for some beads!!! hehehe What kind of beads.... hehehehe My favorite colors are pink and purple but most often I actually dress in white of in bold florals. My style is very Mediterranean and you will almost never see me without a tan (Thank you my dark Italian relatives for that one!), even when I go back to France to dabble in my other half I don't go pale. I'm just meant to bronze baby! Well, if your even in Portland, come look me up, I'll be the one sipping on merlot and reading cop drama novels and fingering myself on some outdoor patio.... and yes there will be a canoli waiting for you!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  So we come to the finale, where she takes on the biggest toys, period.  The Glass and Original FTV Toy are the largest toys I have, and are very popular on FTV.  Most girls can go down halfway, that is if they even are capable of trying it.  Well Lilith takes both deeper into the 'impossible' region beating even Chloe of FTV.  So its almost expected that she'd bring an even bigger toy, what she calls the 'caterpillar'.  Its twice as big as the FTV Toy, and it almost seems unreal for her to be able to go down as far as she did (and so wide!).  All this got me thinking, she needs to do a fisting scene!  Of all girls, she is the most capable.  But her arms don't reach, so she couldn't self-fist.  I called Danielle and begged her to come down immediately to fist her for me.  Fortunately for us, I was able to reach her and she arrived 30 minutes later.  One fist was 'easy', so I had the idea... a double fist??  As she worked it, unbelievably so, she managed to put both hands in her.  Its a true record-breaker for FTV, and I've yet to see that anywhere on the internet (especially being done to an attractive girl).  We even did a remote control 'magic trick' just to finish.  Well, what can I say, this is by far the most extreme girl to ever be on FTV, and it truly is 'beyond extreme'.  If there was something higher than the 'red' category for this one...