Steganos Safe 12.0.3 (Rev 9716)

It's more than a little unsettling knowing that a perfect stranger has access to your private things. But this is exactly what can happen if your laptop or portable media gets lost or stolen. When you consider the staggering number of incidents involving lost or stolen hardware, it's crucial to ensure that you're protecting your data in order to safeguard your privacy.

More than two million laptops are stolen every year, while countless USB sticks, DVDs and CDs are lost daily because of their miniature size. That gives anyone who finds them unrestricted access to documents, photos, movies and more.

Deleting the data on your computer doesn't mean that it's gone. There are plenty of data recovery applications that can retrieve fragments left on your hard drive or emptied out trash bins.

Email history is loaded with everything from business to personal to very private messages - stuff you don't want other people reading.

The solution is Steganos Safe.

Creates a password-protected virtual safe to store your photos, music, documents, and more. Works like a real safe to protect data — no one can get in without a password. Steganos PicPass lets users click a series of pictures, eliminating the need to remember complicated passwords.

Turns your USB stick, mobile phone, digital camera, or iPod®, into a digital safe key — just plug it into your computer to open, pull it out to close.

Shreds unwanted files permanently and defeats data recovery applications. And deep cleans the free spaces on your hard and external drives - this way your vacation photos aren't reconstructed in case you sell your computer. In addition, Steganos Safe will block unauthorized access to e-mails with fast one click encryption.

Here are some key features of "Steganos Safe":

Data safes that REALLY fit everything:
· Holds up to 512 GB of storage that's user defined and easily adjustable with intuitive controls. Create as many encrypted data safes as needed on PCs and laptops to store photos, music, movies, documents and more. Automatic safe shut down when user logs out or when computer sleeps.
· Steganos Portable Safe makes mobile data safe on the go
· Turns USB sticks, mobile phones, iPods, CDs, and DVDs into handy data safes that can be accessed on other systems — without extra software!

Open your Safe your way:
· Allows manual access to data safes using a USB stick, PDA, memory card, digicam, or iPod; visual access to data safes using a series of pictures or opens data safes automatically with an ActiveSync enabled mobile phone with bluetooth. Once the bluetooth device is out of range, the safe closes automatically.

E-mails in a post office safe:
· Safeguards user e-mails, contacts, calendars, and more. For Outlook (including contact details, calendars and work tasks), Outlook Express and Windows Mail. No e-mail access without a password.

100% data delete with Steganos Shredder:
· Performs permanent and unrecoverable data delete operations with Steganos Shredder. Shreds data on hard drives and external storage media such as USB sticks, rewritable CDs, DVDs, and memory cards. Uses incremental shredding that's fast and doesn't abuse drives. Free Space Shredder allows user defined free space shred commands on drives. And a trash shredder reliably and completely disposes of data in trash bins.

Open Sesame with Steganos PicPass:
· Lets users select a series of images as a password to access data safes, eliminating the need to memorize long and complicated passwords.

Faster and faster! Supports hotkey, automatic login and drag-and-drop:
· Supports shortcuts to quickly open and close data safes. Data safe shortcuts can also be created for desktops. Allows drag-and-drop to copy and move information easily to data safes. And lets users automatically start a safe and applications with login.

Defeats Keyloggers with virtual keyboard:
· Supports virtual keyboard when keying in passwords to access safes. Optional mix function is also available to constantly change key position to outwit even the smartest mouse click recorders.

Need a password? Steganos Password Generator:
· Creates strong password protection with just a few clicks. And allows user defined password properties such as length, special characters, numbers, and upper and lower case letters.

Password security check for the safest codes:
· Grades and provides feedback on password strength for keyed in passwords. Multilingual dictionary instantly flags and warns user about unsafe passwords.


Home Page - http://www.steganos.com/no_cache/uk/products/data-security/safe/overview





-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents     
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1200+ torrents     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
			