DVD №1-№5  Language  English,Spanish

Ulysses 31 (宇宙伝説ユリシーズ31, Uchū Densetsu Yurishīzu Sātīwan?, lit. Space Legend Ulysses 31) (French: Ulysse 31) is a Franco-Japanese anime series (1981) that updates the Greek mythology of Odysseus (known as "Ulysses" in Latin, hence the name) to the 31st century. The show comprised 26 half-hour episodes and was produced by DIC Audiovisuel in conjunction with Tokyo Movie Shinsha.[1] This is also the first show produced by DiC Entertainment, now Cookie Jar Entertainment.

The plot line of the series, (made by the French Jean Chalopin), describes the struggles of Ulysses and his crew against the divine entities that rule the universe, the ancient gods from Greek mythology. The Gods of Olympus are angered when Ulysses, commander of the giant spaceship, Odyssey, kills the giant Cyclops to save a group of enslaved children, including his son. Zeus sentences Ulysses to travel the universe with his crew frozen until he finds the Kingdom of Hades, at which point his crew will be revived and he will be able to return to Earth. Along the way they encounter numerous other famous figures from Greek mythology given a futuristic twist.

The entire series is available in English in a complete DVD box set in the UK released by Contender Entertainment, and in Australia by Madman Entertainment. In the US, one DVD entitled Ulysses 31: The Mysteries of Time was released, containing only four selected episodes.

The first four episodes are available on Jaroo, an online video site operated by Cookie Jar Entertainment, whom DIC has since merged with.[2] There are currently no plans to add more episodes


01. Vengeance of the Gods
02. The Lost Planet
03. The Black Sphere
04. Guardian of the Cosmic Winds
05. The Eternal Punishment
06. Flowers of Fear
07. Mutiny on Board
08. Secret of the Sphinx
09. Cronus, Father of Time
10. Temple of the Lestrigones
11. The Seat of Forgetfulness
12. Trapped Between Fire and Ice
13. Phantoms from the Swamp
14. Song of Danger
15. Before the Flood
16. The Magic Spells of Circe
17. Lost in the Labyrinth
18. At the Heart of the Universe
19. The Hidden Truth
20. The Magician in Black
21. Rebellion on Lemnos
22. The City of Cortex
23. Calypso
24. Strange Meeting
25. The Lotus Eaters
26. The Kingdom of Hades