Jane Austen - The Watsons (Unabridged) - Read by Harriet Walter


Source CD
Duration approx 1:48 hours
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 64 Kbps CBR
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


The book

Left impoverished upon the death of her aunt, Emma Watson has no option but to be reunited with her estranged father and siblings. Initially delighted with her new life - including the fashionable society balls she now has access to - Emma soon realises that her family harbour many ill feelings, not least those springing from the sisters' hopes - and disappointments - in snaring a husband. So when the eligible and suitably rich Tom Musgrove begins to transfer his affections from her sister Margaret to her, the result can only be further sibling rivalry and unrest.


The author

Jane Austen (16 December 1775 – 18 July 1817) was an English novelist whose works of romantic fiction, set among the landed gentry, earned her a place as one of the most widely read writers in English literature, her realism and biting social commentary cementing her historical importance among scholars and critics.

Austen lived her entire life as part of a close-knit family located on the lower fringes of the English landed gentry. She was educated primarily by her father and older brothers as well as through her own reading. The steadfast support of her family was critical to her development as a professional writer. Her artistic apprenticeship lasted from her teenage years until she was about 35 years old. During this period, she experimented with various literary forms, including the epistolary novel which she tried then abandoned, and wrote and extensively revised three major novels and began a fourth. From 1811 until 1816, with the release of Sense and Sensibility (1811), Pride and Prejudice (1813), Mansfield Park (1814) and Emma (1816), she achieved success as a published writer. She wrote two additional novels, Northanger Abbey and Persuasion, both published posthumously in 1818, and began a third, which was eventually titled Sanditon, but died before completing it.


The reader

Dame Harriet Walter is one of the most respected actresses of her generation, with significant experience in theatre, particularly with the Royal Shakespeare Company, where she was made an Associate Artist in 1987. She has also appeared in a number of acclaimed films, including Sense and Sensibility and Atonement.


Enjoy and Seed!!