DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:


The End of Energy Obesity: Breaking Today's Energy Addiction for a Prosperous and Secure Tomorrow
By Peter Tertzakian, Keith Hollihan


Publisher:   Wiley
Number Of Pages:   296
Publication Date:   2009-06-29
ISBN-10 / ASIN:   0470435445
ISBN-13 / EAN:   9780470435441


Product Description: 
Praise For The End of Energy Obesity

"Peter Tertzakian has succeeded once again. He outlines a visionary approach to meeting the serious challenges of the world's projected population growth, continued economic growth, and increasing living standards. This book is a clarion call to policymakers, business leaders, and energy consumers everywhere."
—Guy Caruso, Senior Advisor, CSIS, Washington, D.C. (former Administrator, U.S. Energy Information Administration)

"Peter Tertzakian is one of the great energy thinkers of our time. In this compelling book, he examines the factors that will drive global energy demand and addresses the critical energy issue of our time: How can mankind bring its ever-growing demand for energy under control?"
—Hal Kvisle, CEO, TransCanada Corporation

"Anyone interested in understanding the forces that drive conflict and instability when it comes to energy should read Peter Tertzakian's important book, The End of Energy Obesity. Mr. Tertzakian makes it clear that the road ahead is difficult but not impossible. For those interested in how to attack the energy problem today for a better future, this is a must-read book."
—General John P. Abizaid (Ret.), former Combatant Commander, U.S. Central Command, and member of the SAFE Energy Security Leadership Council

"The End of Energy Obesity is a fresh look at a pressing problem . . . thought-provoking writing that's a must-read for those concerned about the way forward for the industrialized world."
—The Honourable Peter MacKay, Minister of Defence and Minister for the Atlantic Gateway, Government of Canada

"Peter Tertzakian's prose is fun to read, and the analogies are so apt. For anyone concerned about how we go on an energy diet, this book is a must-read."
—Matthew R. Simmons, Chairman, Simmons & Company International, author of Twilight in the Desert: The Coming Saudi Oil Shock and the World Economy

"This book explores the critical role networked IT solutions play in changing the way energy is used and delivered. The network truly becomes a platform for monitoring and managing energy consumption in a much more efficient way, and we expect the benefits to accelerate as the network becomes more pervasive. Tertzakian shows the reader how networked collaboration technologies such as TelePresence can enable powerful, face-to-face interactions while reducing our energy appetite and carbon footprint."
—John Chambers, Chairman and CEO, Cisco  




Summary: Finally : a sensible approach
Rating: 5
Finally, a book that offers a really sensible approach to dealing with the world's energy problems: stop just focusing on new sources of supply and start looking for ways to decrease demand! Many may react to this book's proposal in the same of knee-jerk manner and suppose that any reduction in energy demand, i.e. consumption, is always going to reverse economic growth. And it's in part because of this attitude that we're forced to dig for oil and gas in the most inhospitable corners of the planet. The belief that we must "supply" ourselves out of our energy problems comes from "The First Principle of Energy Consumption". The book describes this as the rule that if energy consumption goes up so too does GDP and human comfort levels. But the book shows that this rule can be broken. To no surprise, it talks about energy conservation and improving efficiency. But what I didn't expect in the book was talk about the trend toward "virtualization" and how this is the real game changer in the energy sector. Slowly but surely, the way that people live, work and play is changing because of rapidly evolving communication technology. It all started with the telephone and telegraph, but today the platform of our long distance interaction with others is shifting over to Skype, videoconferencing and telepresence- to name a few of these new technologies. Transportation is the big glutton in energy demand and so much of it-from daily commutes to business travel- is being made redundant. The long and short of the book's message is that we can free ourselves from the belief in the connection between prosperity and energy demand growth. We can become economically more productive while burning less and less fuel if we start taking advantage of these communication tools. It's a straightforward and optimistic message.



Summary: The title got me.
Rating: 4
As a Western Canadian living near the Athabasca tar sands I'm very concerned about the impacts of the energy sector (i.e oil industry) activity on the environment. I picked up a copy of The End of Energy Obesity because of the optimistic-sounding title. Canadians, Americans and other developed nations are consuming energy at an unsustainable rate. The developing world is striving to emulate our very energy inefficient lifestyle. I'm skeptical about the author's belief that we can grow our economies indefinitely, while at the same time reducing our "energy appetite", but at least he supports his ideas with plausible arguments. The key appears to lie in changing transportation behavior, which includes the way in which wealthy (i.e. "energy obese") societies rely on huge amounts of fossil fuel for the daily suburban commutes and transglobe business trips of its citizens. The book describes how the information revolution causes the need for much of this transportation to fall to the wayside as new-fangled communication tools make online collaborative work ever easier. The social implications of this Brave New World with its threat of ever-deepening social isolation is a little frightening, but the benefits of "energy fittness" to our global environment outweigh the dangers of one collapsing from an "energy cardiac arrest". Interesting ideas.
