The Legend of Sleepy Hollow by Washington Irving
Narrated by Jerry Robbins
Dramatized by The Colonial Radio Theatre On The Air
Length: 1 hour 39 minutes

Publisher's SummaryThe Colonial Radio Theatre on the Air celebrates its 10th anniversary with a spectacular production of this classic tale. Meticulously adapted from the book by Washington Irving, Colonial was determined to stay true to the mood and flavor the story is famous for. Outstanding performances by the Colonial Radio Players, a rousing (and scary) music score by Jeffrey Gage, thousands of sound effects, and the terrifying final encounter with the Headless Horseman, will surely become a Halloween favorite for your family.

Listener's Reviews:
If I could, I would give this adaptation of Washington Irving's "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" 10 stars. This program is amazing to put it modestly. Colonial Radio has managed to take a timeless story and make it pure magic. Great acting (Ichabod Crane and Brom Bones are superb), wonderful sound effects, and a very lush music score make this one of the best pieces of audio theatre that I have ever heard. More impressive, is how they managed to keep the sheer poetry of Washington Irving?s words intact, while making this story enjoyable to a modern audience.

One listen to the sound clip will get you hooked. This is a perfect evening?s entertainment any evening as you approach the "witching hour". I tip my hat to Jerry Robbins, and Jeffrey Gage for creating something truly wonderful.

More Reviews:
I recently heard this program broadcast on XM Radio on Halloween night, and IT IS AWESOME! The music is magical; the acting superb (the actor who plays Ichabod should win an award, he was sooooo good!), and the total sound was lush to say the least. (Well, it must be great to get National airplay on Halloween!) This program was true to the book, exciting, and fun for everyone that loves a great story told by master story tellers. I wished it would never end.

This is now going to be a cherished family Halloween tradition we will all settle around the stereo, candles burning and a big bowl of popcorn and we will anxiously await poor Ichabod Crane's run-in with the dreaded headless horseman of Sleepy Hallow. It does not get any better than this. Two thumbs way up! (I am so glad we get XM...they know how to find great progams.)

The Legend of Sleepy Hollow has always been one of my favorite books, and I was pleased when I found this version which remains true to the story as it was orginally written (I guess Audible knows which are the gems when it finds them). This is great literature made into great audio drama. The story is a wonderful snap shot into an often forgotten period of americana. In this program the Colonial Radio has pulled out all stops.

The music score is wonderful and adds greatly to the flavor of the program, I loved the musical number during the harvest dance scene. The acting was top shelf, and the ending was simply an enthralling example of radio drama at its finest. If you are one that wants instant gratification, this program is not for you...It builds and builds into a story truly worthy of rapt attention (just as Washington Irving intended).

Congratulations to all those who made this production possible. Everyone else, should down load their own copy and be prepared for an incredibly satisfying experience. This Legend of Sleepy Hollow is a treasure! 


Enjoy and Seed!!