E X T R A O R D i N A R Y r E V E R S E E N G i N E E R i N G S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0!SiLK

Reaching for
perfection

Release Information

Release Name: Angry Birds Seasons
Release Version: v2.0.0
Release Group: ErES
Release Type: Cracked
Operating System: Windows
Release Date: 01/11/11
Filename: abs20
Disk(s): 07 disk(s)

Release Description

Get into the spirit of seasonal varieties of Angry Birds!
Angry Birds Seasons features exciting episodes for Halloween
Christmas, Valentine's Day, St.Patrick's Day, Easter, Summer
and the Chinese Mid-Autumn Moon Festival. These special
episodes offer more challenging levels of pig-popping action
and slightly harder golden eggs to discover!

Check out the latest Halloween episode, with an amazing brand
new bird!

Installation Instructions

Install
Copy cracked exe to install directory
Register with any key
Have fun!

If you like this game, buy it!

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over three years since
ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've produced many
quality releases because of our attitude not only as a group -- but as
individuals; each member of the group has shown respect and friendship
and in return offers loyalty that could only be found when part of a
tight-knit family. We are not a release machine and never intend to be
We have a relaxed, yet hard-working attitude towards producing releases
and you can see this through all of our current (and future) releases

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems;
Skilled coders;
Quality suppliers;
Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with;
Anything else you think we might like!

e r e s g r p a t g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0!SiLK updated:............16.04.2010.