Bang is a pickup textbook intended for men who weren't born with the natural ability to sleep with a lot of women. It contains simple but powerful techniques, moves, and lines that offer a direct line to casual sex. 

Bang includes...

    The 8 essential beliefs of the alpha male
    The 5 critical components of the "vibe," an optimal attitude women find most attractive
    Tons of natural, high-impact opening lines that work just about anywhere women can be found
    Best answers to a girl's common questions that heighten the tension and build attraction
    A technique to get her phone number without asking for it
    Detailed text messaging strategy that shows you word-for-word how to get dates in the shortest amount of time possible (no need to make voice calls)
    The one text messaging mistake that 95% of guys make that kill the interaction
    A simple trick for the first date that will make her feel like she has known you longer than she has

Bang goes into explicit detail on how to escalate to intimacy...

    "Four key moves" to the kiss that are so natural and easy to pull off that the girl won't even recognize them as moves
    A comprehensive dating strategy so you bang her no later than the third date
    The 5 magic words to say when you want to get inside her place
    How to make a smooth transition to the bedroom 
    7 detailed steps to taking off her clothes

There is also an appendix that covers unique situations you may face...

    How to approach girls in coffee shops, the gym, and foreign countries
    What to do so a girl doesn't see you as too young or too old
    A bonus "cheat sheet" that contains six of the most crucial points you need to remember when it's time to pickup girls

Dozens of additional topics are logically organized into five chapters...

    Internal Game. How to build your confidence and adopt the correct beliefs that maximize your notch count
    Early Game. How to meet women, have good conversation, build attraction, and get either her number, kiss, or a one-night stand
    Middle Game. How to set up a date along with what to say and do while out on them
    Late Game. How to seal the deal and plan for future dates
    End Game. How to take your results to the next level

The lessons taught in this no-nonsense, no-fluff textbook aim to help men reach their sex potential based on their existing look and status. 

