Xenus 2: White Gold [ENG][Game Factory Interative] 2010 TRiViUM


                    T e a M  T R i V i U M   P r e s e n t S                 
                                                                           
                                                                            
                  Xenus 2: White Gold (c) Game Factory Interative            
                                                                            
                                                                          
                  RELEASE DATE ........................ : 12/2010         
                  RELEASE SiZE .......................... : 1 rar         
                  PROTECTiON ... : Securom(?) + StarForce 5.60(?)         
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                   RELEASE NOTES                              
                                                                              
                                                                          
            ** Special note for GFI:                                      
            1. It was a bad idea to take *our crack* and wrap it with     
               SecuROM. Of course the game will NOT work after that.      
               Next time test it before sale *facepalm*                   
                                                                          
            2. Your retail setup is not even patched, while you should    
               have updated files from the developer. Fail.               
                                                                          
            3. We provide our old unprotected main executable as a crack  
               for 1.0 and the patch 1.0.1 with our keygen as a bonus :)  
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
            Year 2010, a small Caribbean country. The main part of the    
            island is aflame with revolt. The Government Army tries to    
            quash an uprising, powerful drug cartels are trying to        
            decimate the Indians, and the whole population is being       
            indiscriminately slaughtered by criminal gangs. This boiling  
            pot, however typical for Latin America, is rapidly nearing an 
            explosion. The main hero of the game is entrusted with a task 
            to uncover some dark secrets, to investigate a few            
            disappearances, and to stay alive above all.                  
                                                                          
            Xenus 2: White Gold explores the shadowy background of modern 
            low intensity conflicts, where the newest weapons often do    
            battle with the antics of witchdoctors. There are plenty of   
            military toys in the game - tanks and helicopters, armored    
            cars and gunboats - but your main armament will be your wits  
            and cunning. A high quality dynamic FPS with a handful of RPG 
            elements thrown in for a good measure, White Gold offers a    
            rich scenario in addition to the non-stop action. The FPS     
            engine capable of working seamlessly with hundreds of square  
            miles of open terrain, an extensive physics system, clever AI  
            and free gameplay are combined with a character development   
            system, realistic in-game economy, hundreds of quests and     
            hundreds of NPCs.                                             
                                                                          
            With a lush exotic setting of a tropic paradise engulfed in   
            the fires of war, White Gold offers to the FPS players a      
            depth and immersion.                                          
                                                                          
            Xenus 2: White Gold is full of features every avid FPS fan    
            will enjoy. The main hero can fight hand to hand combat,      
            wield different weapons, and take control of a variety of     
            vehicles. Drive jeeps, crush the opposing forces with tanks,  
            blast them  from helicopters and naval ships - everything is  
            possible in the absolutely open world. But it is living,      
            immersive environment at the same time - inhabited by         
            different factions vying for wealth  and power. During the    
            game you'll stumble upon such dark omens  that even the       
            full-scale fighting between the regular army and the mafia    
            mercenaries will look like a quarrel among playing kids.       
                                                                          
                                                                          
            Features:                                                     
                                                                          
            - An unique mix of RPG and an action shooter in a modern      
              setting                                                     
            - Total freeplay: visit all the island resorts of Caribbean   
              turned into no-one's ground                                 
            - Hundreds of destructible buildings and objects to blast     
              into oblivion                                               
            - More than 25 different military gadgets, including trucks,  
              tanks, choppers and gunboats                                
            - Gripping non-linear storyline                               
            - More than 30 types of weapons                               
            - 8 independent parties with complex relations between each   
              other and the main hero                                     
            - An original RPG system                                      
            - Real-time weather effects, day/night and atmosphere changes 
            - Dynamic alternation of day and night and weather effects    
            - Interaction with hundreds of unusual NPCs                   
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                   iNSTALL NOTES                              
                                                                              
                                                                            
                    - Unpack                                               
                    - Install the game                                    
                    - Copy the content from a chosen folder at the        
                      TRiViUM dir to have cracked 1.0 or patched 1.0.1    
                    - For 1.0.1 use our keygen to activate the game:      
                      * Click 'Get Num' to generate a serial number,      
                        copy/paste it to activation dialog.               
                      * Choose 'I already have an Activation Key' and     
                        copy/paste your Hardware code back to keygen.     
                      * Press 'Get Key' to generate Activation Key,       
                        copy/paste it to activation dialog, press Next.   
                    - Enjoy ;)                                            
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                    GROUP NOTES                               
                                                                              
                                                                            
                              GFI guys, no more please                     
                                                                           
                                                                            
-------------------------------------------------------------------


all the useful information in the file trivium.nfo and

 
http://peerat.ru:8080/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3846


-------------------------------------------------------------------


