FlatOut 3: Chaos & Destruction Update 1 (c) Strategy First
 
12/2011 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
- :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Racing
 
FlatOut 3: Chaos & Destruction brings a new dimension to high speed
destruction racing.
 
Feel the adrenaline pulse through your veins as you barrel through insane
race tracks against monster trucks, race cars, off road vehicles and much
more.
 
FlatOut 3: Chaos & Destruction is demolition racing at its extreme. Real
world physics with 9 different game modes, and over 47 different vehicles
available. Players may choose to race, smash and destroy their opponents in a
wide variety of online and offline options.
 
Lay waste to farm houses, fences, and then wreak havoc in a Detroit suburb,
race up the walls in giant waste disposal sewers. Let the chaos begin as you
race through over 60 different tracks, narrowly avoiding wrecking balls,
Double Decker buses and much more.
 
Create as much destruction in the all new monster tuck mode.
 
Choose from 20 different playable characters, select your weapon from the 47
available vehicles Create as much Chaos & Destruction In stuntman mode
anarchy rules create havoc with some rag doll fun.
 
FlatOut 3: Chaos & Destruction offers more vehicles, game modes and different
ways to demolish your opponents before crossing the finish line.
 
Features
 
Physics Engine capable of delivering over 20,000 fully destructible objects
on every track
47 vehicles with everything from muscle cars, monster trucks, tanks,
bulldozers and more
9 game modes plus challenge mode that incorporates all game modes into one
62 track race
10 racing environments with 62 different race tracks
3 stunt mode environments with 12 stunt tracks
9 Destruction Derby Battle environments
All new Monster Truck, Nightshift, Off Road, and Speed modes
8 multiplayer modes with support for up to 16 players
Force Feedback support for racing wheels
Larger Destruction Derbies with 24 players
Complete Chaos in Off-Road Mode
Complete Destruction in All new Monster Truck Mode
Head to Head in nightmarish, thunderous, rainy, fog weather in
Night Shift Mode
 
1. Unrar into your install directory, overwriting existing files
2. Play the game
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT
