You know the drill. This is the best damn Mass Effect 2 DLC repack ever.


And if you're thinking "Oh, I already have all DLCs, patches and cracks" - imagine what it's like, to have them all installed by pressing one button. ;)



Mass Effect 2 DLC Pack includes the following DLCs:

Aegis Pack
Alternate Appearance Pack 1
Alternate Appearance Pack 2
Arc Projector
Arrival
Blood Dragon Armor
Cerberus Weapon and Armor
Collectors Weapon and Armor
Equalizer Pack
Firepower Pack
Firewalker
Inferno Armor
Kasumi - Stolen Memory
Lair of the Shadow Broker
M-29 Incisor Sniper Rifle
Normandy Crash Site
Overlord
Recon Hood
Sentry Interface
Terminus Weapon and Armor
Umbra Visor
Zaeed - The Price of Revenge



Basics:

1) The pack will detect your game path from the registry and will know where to install. NO, I DID NOT include an option to change the path manually, because my DLC crack depends on that registry key too. If you have a crappy Rip with missing registry keys, I’m sorry, but that’s your problem. Get a normal version.


2) The pack will INSTALL EVERYTHING AUTOMATICALLY. Specifically:

It will detect your game path from registry, and install DLCs there, then it will install both official patches, then it will crack the DLCs, and then it will copy game crack in game folder. 
So yes, you just need to press ONE BUTTON. And everything will be done for you. You DON’T NEED any cracks, or patches, or anything. All done for you.


3) Yes, it includes all the DLCs ever released, from the very first one up to “Arrival”.


4) Yes, you need to have Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 installed in order for the DLC crack to work. At the end of the installation you will be asked if you want to install it. If you already have it, just cancel. If not – install. .Net Framework 3.5 is INCLUDED in the package.



After installation, just launch the game as usual, by any of its shortcuts (Desktop/Quick Launch/Start Menu), OR by starting “RunMassEffect2.exe” file in Game Folder -> Binaries. “RunMassEffect2.exe” is a DLC crack, I have tied it to game launcher.

The installer script has been updated in this version, if you had any problems before, you will not have them now. And if you STILL do, they are completely the fault of your actions and/or your computer. I have absolutely perfected my automatic installer script, it has no bugs. Been working on it for months now.



For those who didn’t read anything of the above, I’ll just brief you in a few words:
This is a best repack if all the DLCs, patches and cracks, everything installs with one button. Over.


And for Jolly Roger's sake, seed the damned thing. :)


-illiria