Channel 4: Bodyshock - Dads Having a Baby (English - 2011)

Logan and Greg could be two kids in any average American family. Except they have two dads and one of them is pregnant. Now, they are starting a new life in new town, in the US Bible Belt. How will their neighbours react to this extraordinary family?

This sensitive, intimate portrait follows an ordinary family, raising children and seeking to bring new life into the world, while believing that prejudice can be overcome if only people would see them for who they are: a loving and protective family unit.

Tom and Scott Moore have been married for three years. Born as Jessica and Laura, they each came from traditional families. Now gay men, they met at the local Lesbian Gay Bi Transgender group and fell in love.

Tom already had two adopted sons, Greg and Logan, who form the backbone of their family, along with two dogs, two cats, a turtle and a puffer fish.

Thirteen-year-old Greg has a form of autism called Aspergers syndrome. Eleven-year-old Logan has just started middle school. Together, the Moores were blissfully happy as a family of four, but like most married couples, Scott and Tom still wanted to try for a baby. Unlike most male gay couples, they had the means to do so, as Scott still has working female reproductive organs.

Biologically, getting pregnant is no different for him and he just needed a sperm donor. In fact, the biggest difficulty faced by a pregnant man is other people's judgement.

The documentary follows Scott's pregnancy and the safe delivery of his baby son, Miles. Their lives continue to twist and turn when a freak fire, which burns down their house, forces them to relocate. They quit their jobs, pack up what is left of their possessions and drive their family 1000 miles south to start a new life in New Mexico.

Now Greg and Logan have to adjust to new classmates, and the prospect of explaining their unusual family set-up to strangers, while Scott and Tom have to deal with the conservative views of their neighbours, many of whom think only women should have children.

Despite all the pressures they face, will Scott and Tom decide to continue growing their family, and have another baby?
