 http://bayimg.com/NaeLGAADB

One to Another (2006) 

One Two Another

Chacun sa nuit (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0486751/

French language with hard English subtitles

ALSO INCLUDES SHORT FILMS
Flores de invierno [Spanish with hard English subitles] 20 min
Starcrossed 15 min
The Visitor 30 min

Headed by patriarchal bother and sister duo Pierre and Lucie; childhood friends Nicolas, Sébastien and Baptiste live for life. Whether that be playing in their rock band, getting drunk, having sex, or for that matter sharing their most intimate thoughts with each other in the lush countryside of the Aix-en-Provence region of southern France. 

Open with both their minds and bodies, all are frequently to be seen naked next to each other in typical French fashion. Or is it? For a year apart but otherwise together in every sense of the word, the bond between Pierre and Lucie is one so intense, that it walks on incestuous ground. Only when a relationship is that deep, what happens when one half of the same whole is found beaten to death? In short, just how far is a sister prepared to go to discover the identity of the guilty party responsible for the murder of her brother; namely two hearts that once beat as one, to another.

  Lizzie Brocheré  ...  Lucie  
  Arthur Dupont  ...  Pierre  
  Guillaume Baché  ...  Nicolas  
  Pierre Perrier  ...  Sébastien  
  Nicolas Nollet  ...  Baptiste  
  Valérie Mairesse  ...  Agnès  
  Karl E. Landler  ...  Paul  
  Matthieu Boujenah  ...  Damien  


It’s a difficult time for such films as Chacun sa nuit, known under the very loosely defined category of cinéma du milieu (“middle cinema”) - films which fit neither into the camp of commercial nor auteur French cinema.  The film tries to reconcile the diverse elements of a murder mystery with a more reflective examination of youthful attitudes towards their corporeal and spiritual nature, which presents an intriguing prospect, if not one that the filmmakers convincingly achieve. 

“Freely based on a true story”, Chacun sa nuit takes as its starting point the death of a young man, and the impact the mysterious circumstances of his death has on those close to him. A member of a local rock group, there is certainly a very close intimacy not only between Pierre (Arthur Dupont) and the other members of the band, but also with his sister Lucie (Lizzie Brocheré), the relationships moreover in addition to being borderline incestuous, also having a complicating factor of bisexuality, which results in a sharing and swapping of partners between the small group. All of them however seem to enjoy the freedom of their sexuality and their perfect youthful bodies, and are often comfortably naked bathing or sunbathing in each other’s presence. 

Essentially, Chacun sa nuit becomes a psychodrama played out as a mystery thriller. Through its murder-mystery, the filmmakers attempt to examine youthful attitudes towards sexuality, and how it can be used positively and in a negative way. The young people in One Two Another enjoy being able to freely express themselves through their bodies, using it as if it were a powerful tool to allow them to get what they want without realising the full implications of their actions. Despite their apparent liberalism, jealousy does exist, as do personal hang-ups and insecurities, and the dynamic between them may not be as ideal as it appears on the surface. There is a fragile connection between the body and the mind that, for all their confidence in their own youth and looks, the young people haven’t yet come fully to terms with. 

It’s an interesting subject that the film sets out to examine – one that Bernardo Bertolucci treated with similar frankness in The Dreamers - but Arnold and Barr are no more successful than Bertolucci in their endeavour to derive anything meaningful from it all. Chacun sa nuit however at least paints a more relevant and convincing exploration of sexuality from a modern perspective, showing how such liberalism may be at odds with the attitudes of a society that remains essentially small-minded, the film even directly confronting issues of racism. In an attempt to draw from a complicated mix of personal and social motivations however the filmmakers find themselves turning the mystery into mysticism, expressing the conflict between the body and the spirit in its relationship with the very land and people of that land in an manner that takes them very much into Bruno Dumont territory, albeit one that swaps Dumont’s northern coldness for the passions of the south of France. For all its free nudity and despite the warmer climate, the sexual situations in One Two Another as every bit as cold, joyless and bleak as Dumont’s L’Humanité. There is even a slightly backward character here called Paul who is this film’s Pharaon de Winter, a watchful mystical figure just outside the group who can sense the psychic disturbances related to the death of Pierre that others can’t detect. 

Pushing the boundaries of the brother / sister relationship to the outer edge, here directors Pascal Arnold and Jean-Marc Barr take delight in mixing a succulent cinematic cocktail of overt sexuality and covert detection, a sexual whodunit of the French cinema style, jam-packed as-it-is with nudity from the clearly uninhibited members of the group. Then again, this is both a physical and powerful piece; physical in the way it openly handles gay, straight, bi, group, voyeuristic or even incestuous relations and powerful in how it makes us look at the seemingly endless series of violent attacks, often fatal, that habitually make the news; incidents that forever beckon the question of - why? 

In depicting such, Arnold and Barr have assembled a fine cast of good looking actors, one headed by Lizzie Brocheré who excels in her portrayal of a girl not opposed to using her feminine charms to solve a crime that the police have long since deemed as the work of out-of-towners. But was it? For that is the crux of the story on offer here. Only it is one told by way of memory, as before you know it Arthur Dupont as Pierre is removed from the films' present tense only to surface in a multitude of flashbacks, sequences that relate his narcissistic nature, bisexuality and rampant desire for sex, including a lucrative sideline in sexual intimacy of the paid variety. But then is this any surprise, given this is a film in which the reactions of a close-knit group of friends to the tragic death of one of their own, is just one aspect of its sensuous scenario. 

And unfortunately those others include the viewer. The filmmakers certainly don’t intend to provide any easy answers where none are available in the circumstances of the real-life case, but their approach is nonetheless still unconvincing. One Two Another plays out well on the basic level of a murder-mystery, suggesting a number of conflicting elements and underlying attitudes that could potentially lead to the death of a young man, but it is clear that the filmmakers want to suggest much more than this. Unfortunately, despite its apparent indie sensibility, the film relies too much on the model-like young naked bodies of its cast and it fails to find an effective means to contrast such corporeal perfection with the mysterious, indefinable, corrupting elements of the mind.
