"What's My Name?" is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, which features Canadian rapper Drake. It was written by Stargate, Ester Dean, Traci Hale and Drake, and was produced by Stargate, serving as the second single from Rihanna's fifth studio album Loud.[3][4] The song premiered on October 15, 2010[5] and officially impacted US mainstream radio on October 26, 2010.[6] The single was released in some European countries on October 29, 2010 and later in the US on November 1.[7] It reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100, giving Rihanna her eighth number-one hit on the chart[8][9] and Drake's first number-one hit on the same chart.

Rihanna shot the video for the song on September 26, 2010 in New York City with director Philip Andelman.[3] Parts of the video shot with Drake were filmed on October 27, 2010.[14] The music video premiered on November 12, 2010 on Rihanna's VEVO channel on YouTube.The video starts with different views from the city, then shifts to a store where Drake is speaking to the cashier. Rihanna enters, grabbing his attention. She smiles for him and walks towards a fridge and grabs a milk package. Drake follows her and his verse begins. He holds her hand as he raps his verse, the milk package falls from her hand as she holds his, thus spilling milk on the floor. When Drake's verse is over, Rihanna pushes him and walks away with a smile.
When Rihanna's verse starts, she is shown walking on the street and dancing. Views of people holding instruments and walking on the street are shown, in addition to scenes where Rihanna and Drake are in a bedroom together, flirting, talking and drinking champagne. The final scene shows Rihanna in an outdoor Reggae-inspired night party with the people previously shown are now playing instruments as Rihanna sings and dances. The video ends with Drake kissing Rihanna on her cheek in the bedroom. Some of the performers walking with instruments and seen later in the video performing with Rihanna while she sings were, Seth Faulk, who carried the silver snare drum, LeeAnet Noble, who carried and later played the African Djembe drum. LeeAnet also performed in the hit show "STOMP" NYC. William Johnson played bucket drums, he was also in the show "Bring in Da Noise, Bring in Da Funk!"

Encoded using Handbrake.

Source - 720p

Please seed atleast 1:1 & remember to leave comments about the quality..