Play one of the world's big shots - the American President, or the President of China, Russia, or any other country. Try to strengthen your power and your influence in world affairs.

Play solo or with friends (up to 32 internet players), confront or ally with other human or computer-simulated Heads of State. Show that you're a good diplomat who can conquer financial markets, craftily spy on and outsmart opponents.

Be a skilled strategist and pull off military victories. Manage state affairs and finances with subtlety, negotiate with representatives of thepeople and with opposition leaders.

Keep your cool, and show initiative in the face of popular uprisings, terrorist attacks and natural catastrophes. Rulers Of Nations uses the new features of the world simulation engine Geo-Political Simulator.

Special Features	

 

    * Competition Mode:
      Choose one of the world's most powerful countries, choose your political sympathies, and go! Armed conflict, economic wars, attacks, spying, alliances, and treason. Interaction between human players and computer-managed artificial intelligencepersonalities makes this a dynamic game that favors risk-taking

      Also included: Real-time online player rankings, and the option of choosing secret objectives for each of the players, in-game live chat window

      Simulation Mode:
      The real world in 2010 is faithfully reproduced. You play a Head of State among the 170 proposed. You can add your own or real photos,logos and names to make the game more realistic. An interactive and realtime tutorial allows the player to start smoothly and understand the game'smechanisms with the interactive help of an advisor

    * The Simulation Engine:
      The simulation engine Geo-Political Simulator is currently the only engine that realistically simulates the planet's overall dynamics. It calculates developments in several areas-population, geopolitics, economy, business, environment, and climate...

      This simulator engine has been constantly improved since 2007. It is also used by several organizations for training in and teaching politics and diplomacy, and for simulating crises

    * 2010 New Engine Features:

      New graphics and interface: A photo-style and intuitive interface, direct actions on the world map, all personalities identified by more than 600 photos, live newsreel videos embedded in the menu that illustrates events

      Interactive and real-time tutorial: Helps the player to start smoothly and understand the game's workings with an advisor's interactive help

      Economic and political data updated as of March 2010: Economic indicators, demographics, growth rates, recently elected presidents etc

      New kinds of military units: More than 40 kinds of 3D units of differing technological quality, cargo planes for transporting troops, micromanaging spysatellites

      New and original game mode "Test Your Knowledge": Over 3000 political and geographical questions with different options such as difficulty level, choice of themes, solo or multi-player mode, internet player ranking system.


YOU NEED X-VID CODECS ON YOUR PC TO PLAY IF YOU HAVE NOT THEN USE THE INSTALLER IN THIS TORRENT :)

Extract Archive To Any Desired Directory With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........


NO INSTALL JUST EXTRACT AND PLAY 

Start Game With "_start.exe" 


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED


