
TMS - Feminism and The Future of Women
By Estelle B. Freedman

Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps


Since the time of the abolitionists, no movement has so politicized social life in the United States as feminism. Responsible for wide-ranging legislation, such as women's right to vote and the right to an abortion, feminists have fought their way to the center of the country's political dialogue and made themselves a major presence there. But the road to such influence has not been easy.

From the battle over the Equal Rights Amendment to the continuing debates about abortion, feminists have often found themselves in the middle of the country's most hotly contested disputes. They have won many allies, but also many enemies. Yet even under the most intense political pressure, feminism has continued to grow. It has evolved from a women's movement concerned with the rights of mostly white, middle- and upper-class women to an ideology that embraces women from communities of color to, most recently, a movement of international solidarity that pleads the cause of oppressed women around the world, from those brutalized by the Taliban in Afghanistan to teenagers sold into slavery in the East Asian sex trade.

Feminists have long called attention to historical injustice and unfair labor practices. Now feminism has reached a position where it must decide not only how to redress the discriminations of the past but how best to shape the future of women.

For the past twenty-five years, Estelle B. Freedman, a founder of the Program in Feminist Studies at Stanford University, has written about the history of women in the United States. Freedman is the author of two award-winning studies: Their Sisters' Keepers: Women's Prison Reform in America, 1830-1930 and Maternal Justice: Miriam Van Waters and the Female Reform Tradition. Freedman coauthored Intimate Matters: A History of Sexuality in America, which was a New York Times Notable Book. Professor Freedman lives in San Francisco.


14 Lectures
30 minutes/lecture


1 What Is Feminism?
2 Before Feminism: Explaining Gender and Power
3 The Idea of Equality
4 Feminism and Race in U.S. History
5 Global Feminisms
6 Domestic Labor
7 Women, Wage Earning, and the Wage Gap
8 Feminist Responses to Women's Labor
9 Body Politics
10 Reproduction and Sexuality
11 Violence
12 Spirituality and Creativity
13 Political Power
14 Feminist History and the Future of Women
