Black Death (C. Smith, 2010)[+Extras]-aNaRCHo


MY SINCERE APOLOGIES GO OUT TO ANYONE WHO DOWNLOADED MY OTHER RIP OF THIS, I ITVC'D IT THINKING IT WAS A NTSC, NOT REALIZING IT WAS FROM A PAL SOURCE. IF YOU WASTED BANDWIDTH, A DISC, OR YOUR TIME, I DO APOLOGIZE FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.

                 THIS RIP IS DONE PROPERLY AT 25 FPS.


   PAGANS KILLING CHRISTIANS, NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!

                       (FILM IS IN ENGLISH)

So, Black Death is a decent movie that follows the story of a young
monk named Osmund (Eddie Redmayne) living in pestilence and disease
ridden England during the outbreak of the Bubonic Plague. As death and
disease reaches the village of his monastary, Osmund sends his
girlfriend Averill (Kimberley Nixon) back to their homeland and asks
God for guidance. He perceives that his call is answered when a
vengeful knight named Ulric (Sean Bean) and his rag-tag group of
murderers, rapists, thieves and mercenaries descend into the monastery
seeking "a man of God" that can guide them through the forest that lies
ahead....a forest they are hell bent on getting through so that they
can fulfill their deluded perception of what is a "divine mission".

Ulric- a self-fashioned conduit to God himself- and his men are making
their way to a remote and isolated Pagan village about which tales of
Cannibalism and Necromancy have been perpetuated. Armed with weapons,
hardened hearts and an inquisition-style torture wagon, the men, being
led by Osmund, plan to rid the earth of the "Godless" Pagans and bring
the head of the Necromancer back to their Bishop.

After staving off a bandit attack in the forest, the beleaguered men
stumble into the- to their surprise- pristine Pagan village, which has
yet to be ravaged by the death and pestilence that would be brought by
the Plague...where they are accepted in, and tended to, with open arms.
(Although when asked, they lie about their intentions) As the men have
their wounds tended, are provided with food and drink, and the more
promiscuous, less fundamentalist, of the bunch revel in the towns
women...of which there are aplenty...Ulric, Osmund, and the more
cautious of the townspeople are sizing each other up. But, preoccupied
by women and drink, the men don't notice when a beautiful woman takes
Osmund out of the room.

Noticing his heart had not yet been hardened by the religious disease
(in combination with the hardships of life- as he had been isolated in
the monastery), Langiva (Carice van Houten) reveals herself as the
Shamaness/Priestess leader of the village, and also that she had found
his girlfriend gravely injured in the forest, saying she spoke of him,
before succumbing to her injuries. Looking at his girlfriends seemingly
lifeless body- overwhelmed- Osmund tells her the true intentions of the
men he had came with.

[OK SO THERE MAY BE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT, MORE AN EXPLANATION FROM
HERE ON OUT]

This turns out to be a clever intelligence ploy by a very
cunning woman. Already suspicious, and he being naive as he is, she is
able to easily manipulate him into providing the information she
required- with psychology... NOT torture. (extremely important to note)
Director Chris Smith plays with irony here: after learning of the
demise of his beloved Averill, Osmund enters one of the Pagan temples,
and falls to his knees praying in front of a Solar Symbol (cross in a
circle) on a shrine, before being approached by Ulrich who gives him a
knife and tells him what "they must do". This is the moment where
Osmund loses his innocence; an instant that will lead his heart to
become hardened, and will turn his naivety into ignorance.

Now knowing their true intentions, Langiva has the other men drugged
and taken into custody by the men of the village, as she lures Osmund
out into the marsh, where there is a ritual taking place that she hopes
will save his heart from being hardened- his soul lost.

As he approaches the marsh, Osmund sees a number long-haired women
dressed entirely in white hooded gowns standing on a boggy area around
a tree. Langiva approaches the women, whom promptly surround her, as
Osmund looks on scared, yet intrigued. She emerges The Priestess in her
ritual garb and mask, and kneels down next to a mound of wood and
earth. She uncovers the body of a woman- his beloved Averill- and
seemingly revives her from a state of death (why else would a Christian
think someone is buried, right?). Terrified, by what he perceives to be
Necromancy, Osmund bolts off into the marsh.

When he returns to the village to look for Ulrich and the other men, he
finds four crucified and disemboweled knights, and is thrown waste deep
in water in a cage with the other men. Langiva plans to make an example
out of them.

The entire town is brought out to see the men. Langiva tells her people
that the men came to kill and torture them, and that The Plague is a
Christian disease....all of which is absolutely true. Whereas The
Plague was not a religious disease, it WAS a Christian disease that
spread as a result of bad living practices that developed as a
consequence of the exploitation and forced poverty inflicted on the
people by the elites of the religious and political hierarchy that
exploited their faith. With this screenplay it is quite clear that
writer Dario Poloni is directing the viewer to make a comparison and
connection between the physical disease brought by the Bubonic Plague
and the psychological disease brought by Christianity.

Here Langiva is forced into a political situation- one in which she
understands that certain things must be done in order to protect her
people from the evils of the outside world- to ensure their survival-
yet at the same time not plague their minds with the psychological
disease of hatred and intolerance, that could be bred from the actions
that must be taken. To solve this paradox she cunningly uses mythology-
she spins execution.

She ruses her people by telling them that, because The Plague is a
Christian disease, it can be prevented by spilling their blood...and
then giving the men an ultimatum: denounce their faith and be freed, or
hold onto their beliefs and be executed. Whereas she knows that they
will be killed one way or the other, the innocence of the other women
and children is not lost, and their hearts not hardened with hatred,
for they perceive the men have the choice, and that it must be done to
prevent pestilence and disease (when in reality, it would prevent more
evil men from coming with the intention of raping murdering and
pillaging their village...and bringing the Plague with them).

After dealing with a couple of the men in true Pagan fashion, Langiva comes to
Osmund, the only one who truly has the chance to live. She realizes his heart
has yet to be fully hardened...though he must be put through one last
test for her to know for sure.

[IF YOU KEPT READING BUT HAVEN'T WATCHED THE FILM YET, I RECOMMEND YOU
STOP NOW...UNTIL YOU SEE THE NEXT NOTE!!!]

Osmund is released and given the ultimatum of staying with them in
the village where he can live with Averill in peace and happiness
together, or be crucified like the others. When he goes into the hut he finds
her in an erratic state- and because he thinks she has been necromanced,
he stabs and kills her...thinking he allowed her to "be with God". He could not
overcome his religious indoctrination, the disease of he and the other
men's collective Christian ego...and thus failed his final test- his
heart now fully hardened for life. At this point he snaps, slices
Langiva in the face and is beaten unconscious by one of the men.

The movie gets a little (ok, a lot) ridiculous at this point, but there
are a couple more important revelations.

As they try and force Ulric to confess by tying his limbs to four
horses, he reveals that he is infected by the Plague and that he, in
fact, has brought pestilence and disease to their previously unaffected
village (what a prick)!

The last two of Ulric's men manage to get out of the cage during all
 the hooplah, and are- somewhat miraculously- able to kill nearly
everyone in the village. During the melee Langiva runs into the swamp,
 pursued by a now sword-wielding Osmund.

As Osmubd pursues her, Langiva reveals that she was tricking him the whole
time. Averill never died, she was injured and nursed back to health,
drugged for the ritual and given a hallucinogen in the hut. There was
no reason to kill her. He did not save her, nor send her to "God". He
made the choice to kill her. Her blood is on his hangs. Hence the
foreshadowing with the earlier hallucination Osmund has- when he
perceives Ulric to be Averill after he is first told she had died.

Langiva was messing with him from the start, and ultimately testing his
ego- this is why the shaman/shamaness is represented by "trickster gods"
aka "the opposition" (of which Christianity has spun into Satan,
demons, evil etc).

The film ends from the perspective of the last of Ulric's men to remain
alive- Wolfstan (John Lynch). Not only does he take the last remaining
man in the village and bring him back to be presented to the Bishop as
the Necromancer (in reality there was no Necromancer...or
cannibalism...), but he narrates the rest of the story to us. We are
told that once Ulric had brought disease to the village, it ravaged
the pagans the same it did the Christians, and we are told of how Osmund-
with his heart hardened by ignorance and hatred- would become one of
the worst monsters to set foot on English soil, as he would dedicate
the rest of his life to snatching up women from rural villages,
torturing and murdering them...as a way of taking vengeance on Langiva,
or as he would probably tell you, "serving God's will".

[OK, ITS SAFE TO READ PAST THIS POINT IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE FILM YET!!!]

My beef with this film is that cinematically, it is an utter
failure...there is no attention to detail whatsoever. The ending is
totally ludicrous, unbelievable and extremely rushed. Also, for what
was marketed as a drama-horror, they go out of their way to avoid
showing any gore whatsoever, despite the ample number of oppourtunities
that present themself. Leads me to believe (or hope at least) that they
are holding out for a more gory Director's Cut or something, which is
lame!

On the other hand, storywise, the film is pretty good. The
psychological development of the characters is well done and the
message of the film very clear- be careful what you believe in. Once
your heart becomes hardened, your soul has become lost.

There are two types of religion in this world: One promotes love
tolerance and sustainability by using mythologies with many Gods and
deities that are utilized to help "the masses" understand the human
psyche- both the good and the bad, and how to deal with its
limitations. These mythologies are not meant to be taken literally,
though they are taken very seriously. These mythologies teach you how
to overcome your EGO through introspection and self reflection.

The other form of religion uses fear as a way to oppress, manipulate
and control "the masses". These religions have one god and FUEL THE
EGO- both in the individual and collectively; both of which are
detrimental. These religions fail to teach you introspection and self
reflection as they allow you to credit all ails and fortunes to an
external manufactured entity, that is above and beyond any earthly
power and, in fact, totally inconceivable. These unchecked egos breed
greed, hatred, intolerance and bad living practices.

When the two collide sometimes the former is forced to adopt some of
the practices of the latter in order to survive...hence the shitty
state we see ourselves in today.

So, if you were looking for a psychologically engrossing drama about the
philosophy of religion, and its role in the real world then you will
probably enjoy this film. If you were looking for an action-filled
filled horror with necromanced zombies, cannibalism and gore at every
turn, you may be a bit disappointed.

One cool thing about this film is that it exposes, and kind of plays
with, your pre-conceived notions going into the film. At times you
think the film is pro-Christian, at times anti-Christian and
pro-pagan....but in the end I think this film is about the realism of
the situation and ends by clearly condemning literal Christianity for
what it was and is...a psychological disease.

6.5 out of 10

EXTRAS INCLUDE:

-bringing 'black death' to life (making of featurette)
-trailer

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!