Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/36000/photo-35989.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/36000/photo-35990.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/36000/photo-35991.jpg

Hydrophobia Prophecy-SKIDROW
Hydrophobia: Prophecy (c) Dark Energy Digital Ltd

09-05-2011........Release Date  Protection...............Steam
Action...............Game Type  Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Hydrophobia: Prophecy is the ultimate version of this jaw-dropping
action-adventure set onboard a floating city, where terrorists take
control and heroine Kate has to overcome her haunting childhood
memories to fight back using all her skills and expertise as a systems
engineer

2051. The world has become consumed by the ever rising tide of the
global population flood. Fertile land has been reclaimed by rising
oceans and expanding deserts, resulting in famine and poverty on an
unprecedented scale. Water is now mankind's most precious resource, and
conflict erupts wherever it flows

A new political and ideological struggle has arisen. On one side are
the Malthusians, who seek to control and reduce the global population
On the other side the Cornucopians, who want to find a technological
solution to feed it. As desperation turns to despair, extremists on
both sides are emerging

Only one buble of the old capitalist world survives. The Queen of the
World is the largest ship ever to grace the oceans, a colossal city at
sea where the wealthy elite live in exile from the chaos which
surrounds them. Onboard this stateless paradise the Five Founding
Fathers set about pursuing their Cornucopian research unimpeded

The contempt of the outside world is offset by NanoCell Corporation
one of the five, who promise to develop nano-technology to purify sea
water at the molecular level and make the deserts bloom with the food
of the world. But as they move closer to their goal, the bitterness of
fanatical Malthusians grows

The so called 'Neo Malthusians' timed their attack perfectly. 9.8
billion watched as they recast hope as hatred, following a prophecy to
commit global genocide; drowning the planet with blood as they slash
the worlds population to a mere half billion 'righteous souls'. A
prophecy they will soon find themselves in a position to fulfil

Features:

Fast-paced action and breathtaking visuals; engage mind blowing "flow
combat" unique floating cover where emergent gameplay results in a
never-the-same-experience

Unleash floating oil fires, electricity and the power of the water to
wipe out your enemy as you discover the terrifying truth of the
Malthusian prophecy

Campaign includes puzzles, platforming and combat with Hydro-kinetic
powers to ultimately control the water and culminates in a unique stand
off battle where the player has to unleash the awesome power of tempest
against her Malthusian nemesis

Over 200 collectables, 12 achievements and as an added bonus, players
can unlock an epic Challenge Room

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Minimum Requirements
OS: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7 with latest Service Pack
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo, AMD Athlon X2
Memory: 2 GB
Graphics: NVidia 8600GT with 512MB RAM or Radeon HD 3650 with 512MB RAM
DirectX: DirectX 9.0c
Hard Drive: 8 GB
Sound: DirectX Compatible Sound Card  

Note:If you have something to offer as early releases,seedboxes,
links,accounts,etc please contact us on torentz 3xforum ro
Seed Stats: 20-400 GiB at aprox 10 MiB/sec/20 slots per torrent

Hydrophobia Prophecy-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,news,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages.