- C O M P L E X -

P R E S E N T S :
Need for Speed : The Run © Electronic Arts

Region : PAL Languages: English
Size : 01 DVD Genre : Racing
Platform : XBOX 360 Date : November 2011

Release Info:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It's called The Run. An illicit, high-stakes race across the country. The
only way to get your life back is to be the first from San Francisco to New
York. No speed limits. No rules. No allies. All you have are your driving
skills and sheer determination as you battle hundreds of the world's most
notorious drivers on the country's most dangerous roads.
In Need for Speed The Run, you'll weave through dense urban centers, rocket
down icy mountain passes and navigate narrow canyons at breakneck speeds,
all the while evading a relentless police force prepared - and willing - to
use lethal force to take you down.

From the Golden Gate to the Empire State - Compete in The Run, an
illicit race across the most iconic and treacherous roads from San
Francisco to New York. There are no rules and no allies in the cities,
deserts, mountains and canyons than stand between you and the finish line.
You are Jack's Competitive Edge - Jack is in a race for his life, but
he's got something the competition doesn't: You. Keep Jack one step ahead
of the dangers from his dark past, both inside and outside the car. It's up
to you to get Jack to New York in one piece and ahead of the competition.
Beat Your Friends - Connect to Autolog. Compare your times against those
that matter most. Compete to be the best. Autolog now tracks your entire
career - making every second of every race count in the battle to be the
fastest to New York. Racing Powered by Frostbite 2 - The powerful new
Frostbite 2 engine, created by the award-winning DICE studio, advances
technical achievements to deliver a gameplay experience with an
unprecedented level of visual detail, environmental immersion, and
emotional impact.
Compete in High Octane Multi-Player Racing - The most accessible online
racing experience ever offered. With matchmaking technology, join races
already in progress instead of waiting in lobbies. Create a party with
friends, pick a playlist of your favorite challenges and compete for
supremacy across every stage of The Run. By mastering all of the playlists
you can level up and earn access to exclusive vehicles, upgrades and
abilities.

Notes:
~~~~~~~
Enjoy

Enjoy This Fine COMPLEX Release
bmx! 