 http://bayimg.com/CAHlEAAdK

Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (TV 1976) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074295/

Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is a play by Tennessee Williams. One of Williams's best-known works and his personal favorite,[1] the play won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1955. Set in "the bed-sitting room of a plantation home in the Mississippi Delta"[2] of Big Daddy Pollitt, a wealthy cotton tycoon, the play examines the relationships among members of Big Daddy's family, primarily between his son Brick and Brick's wife Maggie the "Cat".

Cat on a Hot Tin Roof features several recurring motifs, such as social mores, greed, superficiality, decay, sexual desire, and death. Dialogue throughout is often rendered phonetically to represent accents of the American South.

The play was adapted as a motion picture by the same name in 1958, starring Elizabeth Taylor and Paul Newman as Maggie and Brick, respectively. Williams made substantial excisions and alterations to the play for a revival in 1974. This has been the version used for most subsequent revivals, which have been numerous.

Laurence Olivier Presents was a British television series made by Granada Television which ran from 1976 to 1978.

  Laurence Olivier  ...  Big Daddy  
  Natalie Wood  ...  Maggie  
  Robert Wagner  ...  Brick  
  Maureen Stapleton  ...  Big Mama  
  Jack Hedley  ...  Gooper  
  Mary Peach  ...  Mae  
  Heidi Rundt  ...  Dixie  
  Sean Saxon  ...  Sonny  
  Mark B. Taylor  ...  Buster  
  Elizabeth Caparros  ...  Trixie  
  Jennifer Hughes  ...  Polly  
  Sam Mansary  ...  Lacey  
  Gladys Taylor  ...  Daisy  
  Nadia Catouse  ...  Brightie  
  George Harris  ...  Sookey  


Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, written by Tennessee Williams and first produced in 1955: Natalie Wood fills the formidable negligee of Maggie The Cat. Over a decade past her top roles in movies like West Side Story, Wood still has her chops and is more than up for the sort of bravura performance that Cat on a Hot Tin Roof rises and falls on. Maggie talks practically nonstop, and Wood lives the force of her words, flitting through the character's many moods: strutting, nostalgia, forcefulness, despair, and trickiest of all, compassion. It's to her credit that she inspires the belief that Maggie is, at least in part, sincere. 

Wood's real-life significant other, Robert Wagner, plays her onscreen husband, Brick. He withers next to her, completely out of his league. Wagner broods like a soap opera actor, his Brick veneer standing in front of very little. This means Wood is essentially acting alone until Olivier and Maureen Stapleton step into the picture as Big Daddy and Big Mama. Both are fantastic. Olivier makes Big Daddy a real bull of a man, and Stapleton is all emotion and inertia. Unlike the more famous big screen version, the original text is restored for this production of Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, as British television didn't have the same issues with the more scandalous themes the way Hollywood did back in 1958, and so this very dysfunctional Southern family is allowed to tackle their behind-closed-door problems in full. 

While performed like a stage production, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof was shot on elaborate sets like the live teleplays of the 1950s. The camera moves aroundb but the scenes play long, just as they were written. Rather than fancy editing, the shots change in service to the story, propelled by the actors. 