presenting s n e a k _ s h o t



release date:11-09-2011



description:


The Penguins of Madagascar: Dr Blowhole Returns - Again! is an Action game, developed and published by THQ, scheduled to be released in 2011.





Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private are back in action this fall on a mission to save the world from a familiar foe in The Penguins of Madagascar: Dr. Blowhole Returns - Again!





Save the world from Dolphin Domination! Dr. Blowhole is out to conquer the world and is using the Penguins to achieve that goal -- whether they realize it or not. Jump into an all-new, raucous experience with 3 episodes and over 12 exciting levels as the Penguins embark on adventures in, under and outside of the zoo culminating in the grand finale in Dr. Blowhole's Liar. Only you and zany Team Penguin can stop Dr. Blowhole from taking over the world!





Features
 Brand New, Original Story -- Dr. Blowhole, the diabolical dolphin, is back with his lobster minions and a new plan for world domination and only Team Penguin can save the world from dolphin domination! 
 Fast-paced Action -- Nimbly navigate hazards, overcome outrageous obstacles and rescue the penguinsΓΓé¼Γäó friends in your mission to save the world. 
 Strategic Gameplay -- Solve perilous puzzles, uncover helpful items, build crazy contraptions and traverse complex levels in your race against the clock. 
 Penguin Power -- Utilize each penguinΓΓé¼Γäós unique abilities in the right situation to overcome obstacles and solve puzzles. Use Rico to regurgitate explosives, use Kowalski to build devices, use Private to squeeze through tight spaces ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ the possibilities are endless! 
 Mini-games -- Play through a multitude of wacky mini-games, including Ninja Knock-Down, Mort Bowling and even a dance-off with everyoneΓΓé¼Γäós favorite lemur, King Julien.




screen shot:

 
http://www.postimg.com/image/47000/photo-46871.jpg

 
http://www.postimg.com/image/47000/photo-46869.jpg

 
http://www.postimg.com/image/47000/photo-46870.jpg





seed comment n enjoy...!!!