Appetite for Reduction: 125 Fast and Filling Low-Fat Vegan Recipes

Review

Vegetarian Times’, November/December 2010
“Offers 125 recipes for low-fat, plant-based dishes that don’t skimp on flavor.”

Vegetarian Living (UK), December 2010
“Jam-packed with mouth-watering vegan recipes that are low in fat and light on calories…[Moskowitz’s] recipes are visual and gastronomic delights, which inspire the reader to try new things and cook outside of their comfort zone, while never underestimating the beauty of the familiar.” 
ThisDishisVeg.com, 12/8/10
“[Isa Moskowitz is] the queen of the vegans.”
 
Portland Press Herald, 12/15/10
“A snappy cookbook that embraces whole plant foods without a sugary snack in sight. Those avoiding gluten or soy will appreciate the numerous gluten-free and soy-free recipes, and everyone is sure to learn something from the preparation and nutrition tips [Moskowitz] sprinkles throughout the book. Best of all, her recipes for goodies such as OMG Oven-Banked Onion Rings, Tamarind BBQ Tempeh & Sweet Potatoes, and Chipotle Lentil Burgers will make even dedicated carnivores appreciate the pleasures of plant-based meals.”
 
Technorati.com, 12/23/10
“Moskowitz is an innovative source of vegan recipes…Appetite for Reduction offers tempting recipes that are quick and easy, and—most importantly—no- or low-fat…Moskowitz has lots of yummy ideas that prove that dieting doesn’t have to be painful…Moskowitz incorporates the reduction of unhealthy foods, environmental impact, grocery store costs, and animal suffering in her cooking philosophy. The results are tasty dishes with no guilt attached.”
 
LeslieLovesVeggies.com, 12/23/10
“Contains 125 fabulous recipes that are quick to make and most take 30 minutes or less to prepare. These tasty dishes are easy on the budget and are made with real food for real people. Nothing bizarre, no outlandish over the top ingredients, just good for ya, low fat, delish vegan food! Oh and the portions are real, too! None of these ridiculous tiny serving sizes to get the low calorie counts. These are real servings folks!”
 
Examiner.com, 12/20/10
“Moskowitz is a proven advisor you want to have in the vegan kitchen with you, consistently creating recipes that are at once accessinle to the home cook and impressive enough to show off to those you want to, well, impress. Appetite for Reduction…will knock your socks off, just in time for a great Christmas gift for omnivores or vegans alike and strengthen some of those New Year’s resolutions…Easy-to-follow directions, well-organized chapters, [and] gorgeous art direction and helpful tips…The icons that designate quick-to-prepare, gluten- and soy-free recpies make this cookbook especially user-friendly…Appetite for Reduction casts its culinary net wide…The recipes span the globe and include rare treats calorie-conscious diners usually don’t get to enjoy…Appetite for Reduction gives lots of creative, easy and tasty opportunities to eat healthfully…A very worthwhile edition to anyone’s cookbook collection.”
 
GreenWala.com, 12/27/10
“[Moskowitz] has done a lot for dispelling the myth that vegan food equals rabbit food or that it’s not satisfying…The tone is conversational and often humorous and the book is not just about leaner recipes. Appetite refers also to environmental impact, animal cruelty, and your bank account.”

VegNews, February 2011
“From the grand dame of vegan cookbooks, Appetite doesn’t leave you hungry…From salads that satisfy like meals to hearty pasta dishes to every vegetable imaginable, Appetite doesn’t miss a beat…Unlike other diet books, Appetite isn’t about dropping 20 pounds in a weekend; it’s about eating healthfully in a way that can lead to weight loss without resorting to drastic measures—measures which Moskowitz assures are guaranteed to pile pounds right back on.”
EatDrinkBetter.com, 12/30/10
“I recommend this cookbook for anyone, vegan or not...[Moskowitz] has put together 125 recipes that are under 400 calories—perfect for that New Year’s resolution to lose weight—and are packed with nutrients—perfect for that New Year’s resolution to eat healthier.”
 
EatDrinkBetter.com, 12/31/10
“Features many quick and delicious low-calorie vegan recipes.”
 
WomanAroundTown.com, 12/20/10
“Crammed full of good advice as well as tasty recipes.”
 
GoDairyFree.org, 1/4/11
“[Moskowitz’s] latest cookbook could be one of her greatest yet…Anyone who has already inhaled a lifetime's worth of vegan sweets and processed foods, or who is interested in the vegan diet for health reasons, will probably love Appetite for Reduction.”
 
TreeHugger.com, 1/4/11
“If you're suffering through the fourth day of some weird diet, you might want to pick up a copy of this book and make yourself something good to eat.”
 
New York Daily News, 1/9/11
“[Moskowitz is] the queen of vegan cooking”

San Francisco Book Review, 1/10/11
“Moskowitz has singlehandedly revolutionized vegan cooking…Appetite is brimming not only with recipes, but also detailed nutritional information useful to everyone, but especially important to those who seek essential vitamins and nutrients from nontraditional (non-animal) sources. But if you’re worried about typical bland diet food, have no fear: This is an Isa Chandra Moskowitz cookbook after all. While all recipes are between 200 and 400 calories per serving, each is loaded with delicious, vibrant flavor.”

Long Island Press, 1/7/11
“Contains 125 delectable, nutritionally-balanced recipes for the foods you crave—lasagna, tacos, barbecue, curries, stews, and much more—and it’s all only 200 to 400 calories per serving, plant-based and packed with nutrients, low in saturated fat and sugar; high in fiber and, well, delicious.”

South Coast Insider, January 2011
“Moskowitz is the best and most creative of all the chefs working with plant based foods…This is not your mother’s low-fat cookbook.”

InfoDad.com, 1/13/11
 “It moves along like a well-oiled machine, starting with salads and continuing with side dishes, beans (a mainstay of this type of cooking), tofu and tempeh, soups, stews and more...It contains solid information and a variety of recipes that vegans will find tasty.”

BBC Good Food (UK), February 2011
“This is a vegan diet book, but forget your preconceptions and look at the food. Isa is an amazing cook—her recipes are delicious and written for people who want to lose weight, but not their enjoyment of food. She uses spices cleverly to make you forget you’re eating low fat and ups the grain and veg content to keep you satisfied. Isa reworks favorites making them lighter and healthier. Her book is worth buying for the salad dressings alone.”
 
Natural Health, February 2011
“[A] great read!...Moskowitz—a tireless crusader against the perception that meatless, dairy-free meals taste like cardboard—proves low-fat can be delicious. While offering plenty of tips for novice vegans, Moskowitz’s recipes are interesting and flavorful enough to delight seasoned meatless mavens, too.”

Washington Post, 1/19/11
“Surprisingly creamy and hearty, this vegan soup [Cauliflower Pesto Soup] is elegant enough to serve as a first course at any dinner party.”

Hudson Valley News,
“If you’re not vegan, but simply don’t like meat very much, you’ll find many tasty recipes here.”

January Magazine (Canada), 12/20/10
“Appetite for Reduction is all about real food for real people, really easily…What’s not to like?...Spend a lot of time eating from the recipes in this book and you will get smaller.”
 
Living Without, 1/25/11
“[The] tortilla soup has a light tomato broth and simple yet assertive seasoning. Stirring crushed tortilla chips into the soup as it cooks gives it a full-bodied texture.”
 
Portland Oregonian, 1/25/11
“Leave it to innovative cookbook author Isa Chandra Moskowitz, the co-author of Veganomicon, to come up with a collection of 125 low-fat recipes that won't have you leaving the table hungry…Moskowitz's writing style is accessible and fun, and she demystifies ingredients like tempeh and tofu…Every recipe has detailed nutritional analysis, including vitamin content, something too many diet cookbooks don't bother with.”
 
The Hippo, 1/20/11
“As with previous Moskowitz books, one thing not sacrificed is flavor. She plays with Asian, Mediterranean, Indian and Latin cuisine with her recipes in ways that make you feel like you’re not losing ta...
Product Description

This is not your mother’s low-fat cookbook. There’s no foolish tricks, no bizarre concoctions, no chemicals, no frozen meals…no fake anything! Appetite for Reduction means cooking with real food, for real life. (Skimpy portions need not apply.)
 
In Appetite for Reduction, bestselling author and vegan chef Isa Chandra Moskowitz has created 125 delectable, nutritionally-balanced recipes for the foods you crave—lasagna, tacos, barbecue, curries, stews, and much more—and it’s all:

    * Only 200 to 400 calories per serving
    * Plant-based and packed with nutrients
    * Low in saturated fat and sugar; high in fiber
    * Drop-dead delicious

You’ll also find lots of gluten-free and soy-free options, and best of all, dinner can be on the table in less than 30 minutes. So ditch those diet shakes. Skip that lemonade cleanse. And fight for your right to eat something satisfying! Now you can look better, feel better, and have more energy—for health at any size.
 
http://www.amazon.com/Appetite-Reduction-Filling-Low-Fat-Recipes/dp/1600940498/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1303360980&sr=8-1