GRANT MORRISON: TALKING WITH GODS examines the 30-year career of this notorious, larger-than-life comic book writer and delves into the real-life events that inspired his stories.

“An instant classic.” –Wired

“A bold, brave, and honest look at an artist whose life is worthy of this type of attention.” –Ain’t It Cool News

“The charismatic subject of this admiring portrait will intrigue the previously unconverted.” –Dennis Harvey, Variety

“Don’t miss it!” –Chris Gore, G4′s Attack of the Show

“Beautiful to look at… there’s just this air of coolness that exudes for the duration.” –The Examiner

“The most inspirational picture on the state of creative imagination in the 21st century.” –Seattle Post Globe

“A thoroughly engaging picture of Grant Morrison built up from a rich cloth of threads. Drop dead gorgeous… an absorbing film.” –Rich Johnston, Bleeding Cool

Featuring extensive interviews with Morrison himself, the film covers his early days growing up in Scotland, the start of his career in comics, the crazy years of the ’90s as his life and his comics became enmeshed, and his recent attempts to turn personal troubles and social darkness into compelling comics. The film also gives insight into his creative process, including a look into his vaunted idea notebooks.

This is the first ever feature-length documentary on the mysterious and iconic Grant Morrison, one of the most critically-acclaimed and best-selling writers in the history of comics, known for the groundbreaking, counter-cultural THE INVISIBLES and for bold reinventions of superheroes ALL STAR SUPERMAN, ANIMAL MAN, DOOM PATROL, JLA and BATMAN.

Featuring interviews with some of the most popular, influential, and best-selling comics creators, including: Warren Ellis (THE AUTHORITY), Geoff Johns (GREEN LANTERN), Frank Quitely (NEW X-MEN), Dan DiDio (Senior Vice President, Executive Editor DC Universe), Frazer Irving (IRON MAN), Phil Jimenez (AMAZING SPIDER-MAN), Cameron Stewart (CATWOMAN), Jill Thompson (THE SANDMAN), Mark Waid (THE FLASH).

“I was living it, y’know. I’d become the character. I was going to the places. I was doing the rituals. I was hanging out with the gods and then putting it back in the comic. That one was bringing me to the verge of death.” -Grant Morrison