                         Arobas Guitar Pro v6.0.7.9063                  
                                (c) Arobas Music                        
         date       : 25 Dec, 2o1o        size     : 07 disks/5.00 MB   
         os         : WinAll              language : English            
         type       : Music                                             
         protection : RSA512                                            
                                                                        
                                                                   
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                    [  r  e  l  e  a  s  e  .  i  n  f  o  ]                
                                                                           
          Guitar Pro is first and foremost a program designed to edit     
          tablatures for guitar, bass, and other fretted instruments     
          from 4 to 8 strings.                                          
                                                                        
          Its great ease of use and the success of its specific file    
          format have made it a program used by guitarists worldwide.   
                                                                        
          It now includes editing support for many other instruments    
          like the piano or the drums, a realistic audio engine, and    
          interactive tools to support every musician's practice.       
                                                                        
          Interface                                                     
          An optimal display of your score, together with all the       
          tools you need for editing, sound-setting, and playing your   
          instrument.                                                   
                                                                        
          Choose your display options from the screen or page mode,     
          horizontal or vertical scrolling, monotrack, multitrack,      
          and full-screen mode, and 25-800% zooming.                    
                                                                        
          Editing                                                       
          All of the tools you need to create and edit scores, right    
          at hand. Quickly and easily capture the notes with the        
          keyboard and its many shortcuts, with the mouse, or yet       
          again with a MIDI instrument.                                 
                                                                        
          All of the symbols and effects                                
          With Guitar Pro, add all of the common musical symbols to     
          your score, most notable those that are specific to the       
          guitar and other fretted instruments.                         
                                                                        
          Customize your score New                                      
          Based on the classic or jazz styles, you can set 70           
          different parameters, configure the outlook of your scores    
          exactly as you wish, and get professional-level paper         
          printouts.                                                    
                                                                        
          Audio                                                         
          Guitar Pro is also a powerful score player, which             
          facilitates composing or learning a piece.                    
                                                                        
          The RSE: realistic audio playback                             
          The RSE (Realistic Sound Engine) technology includes the      
          realistic studio recordings of instruments, as well as some   
          effect modelisations that are the result of years of          
          research.                                                     
          You'll get access to over a hundred soundbanks, and over      
          fifty effects pedals and amps. We provide many presets for    
          all styles, and you can also configure your own effect        
          chains. You can apply a mastering to the final result, with   
          a compressor-limiter, a reverb, and a 10-track equalizer.     
          You can also listen to your scores in MIDI sound.             
                                                                        
          Optimized playback options                                    
          During playback, the score automatically scrolls on and a     
          highlighted cursor lets you know which note is being          
          played. You can adjust tempo, and play all or part of a       
          piece in loops. The Speed Trainer will then let you play      
          any section of the score in loops with progressive            
          accelerations. This is very useful to practice a solo or a    
          complex guitar riff!                                          
          All of the effects specific to the guitar (e.g., bend,        
          slide, ghost notes, etc.) are rendered into the playback,     
          as well as the various possible playing styles -              
          pickstroking, fingerpicking or slapping, for instance.        
                                                                        
          Tools                                                         
          Guitar Pro is a true workshop for guitarists: chord and       
          scale libraries, tuner, metronom, virtual fretboard and       
          keyboard.                                                     
          All of those tools work with fretted instruments from 4 to    
          8 strings.                                                    
                                                                        
          Diagram generator                                             
          Request any chord in any tuning, and Guitar pro will          
          display all possible finger positions for you. Draw a         
          diagram by clicking on the grid, and Guitar Pro will          
          suggest all possible names for that chord.                    
                                                                        
          Scale engine                                                  
          The scale engine presents a large directory of scales, from   
          the most common to the most exotic, for you to look at and    
          listen to. Whichever scale you select can be shown on the     
          fretboard or keyboard to work as support for you to write     
          your score. The search function also allows you to quickly    
          find out what scale is being used in all or part of the       
          score.                                                        
                                                                        
          MIDI and digital tuners                                       
          The digital tuner allows you to tune your guitar by           
          plugging it into the soundcard, or via a microphone. You      
          can also simply tune your guitar by ear, string by string,    
          with the MIDI tuner.                                          
          Those work for all possible tunings.                          
                                                                        
          Virtual fretboard and keyboard                                
          The virtual fretboard and keyboard are here to help you see   
          the notes from the score, or capture them into it. They can   
          show you the notes of the current beat, as well as the        
          notes of the next beat, of the whole bar or yet again of      
          the scale you have selected. Those are indispensable tools    
          if you are beginning or is you wish to capture notes with     
          the mouse.                                                    
                                                                        
          Share                                                         
          Since the Guitar Pro format has become a true standard on     
          the Internet, the software will let you enjoy thousands of    
          scores that are already available over many websites (files   
          in *.gp3, *.gp4, *.gp5 and *.gpx formats)                     
                                                                        
          INSTALL NOTES:                                                
                                                                        
          1. Install the Application                                    
          2. Enter anything for Username and Key ID, use as much data   
          as it can fit                                                 
          3. Choose offline activation                                  
          4. Use keygen to generate Activation Key                      
                                                                        
          Optionally apply the disable-updates.reg or use the           
          application to disable automatic updates.                     
                                                                        
          Merry Christmas to everyone!                                  
                                                                        
          Thanks to our friends in AiR for helping with this great      
          app!                                                          
                                                                             
                               E n j o y . . .                               


Screenshot:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/habonaadn.jpg