The Power Station - Communication [promo].VOB


Very HQ rare promo music video. "Communication" was released as the third single from the Power Station's 1985 debut album. It featured "Communication" (Special Club Mix), "Communication" (Remix) and "Murderess" as the B-side. The remixes were done by Bernard Edwards and Josh Abbey.

The Power Station is the debut album by The Power Station. It was released in 1985 on EMI. The album peaked at no. 6 on U.S. Billboard 200 and no. 12 on the UK Albums Chart

The Power Station was a supergroup formed by Robert Palmer, Tony Thompson (of Chic) and Andy and John Taylor from Duran Duran. They came together in 1984 to record a one-off album, as a respite from the relentless global touring and promotion of Duran Duran.

The original plan for this one-album project was for the three musicians (Taylor, Taylor and Thompson) to provide musical continuity to an album full of material, with a different singer performing on each track. Those who were approached included Mick Jagger, Billy Idol, Mars Williams (who eventually contributed brass to the album) and Richard Butler (of The Psychedelic Furs), and Mick Ronson.

The group then invited eclectic soul singer Robert Palmer to record vocals for the track "Communication". When he heard that they had recorded demos for "Get It On (Bang a Gong)", he asked to try out vocals on that one as well, and by the end of the day, the group knew that they had found that elusive chemistry which distinguishes successful bands. Before long, they had decided to record the entire album with Palmer.

This promo video contains an array of footage showing communication in the world with clips of the band performing the song in the studio.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communication_(Power_Station_song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/hADnbaADe 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 6790kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 256kbps
   Duration: 00:03:07




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
