Please at least read the contents of these emails.
I am Borderline with PTSD and DID.
This is not a scam. This is not spam.
I was severally molested as a child at a very early age.
My father was a Military Contractor in the US in the sixties.
He was involved in all of the LOX certifacation on site for all of the MinuteMen I & II Nuclear Missiles.
He did testing, for Saturn, and something called Gemini (a percursor to Apollo) And was fined $1 Million for an employee falsefing 50 XRays on the Saturn Launch Facility where Apollo One blew up.
He hide his company into another company to avoid the fine.
And become Senior Vice President and cofounder of the other co. a large part of the largest Inspection agency in the world testing over 3% of all products in the world.
I walked in on my father while he was wiping his semen of a three year old boy.
I told him I'd call the police. He told me no one would do anything. No one ever has. I will never, never stop trying.
Please understand if my composition is faulty or confusing. I was severally hurt as a child.
I have scars in my testicles, and on the left side of my face where my older brother ripped my mouth open when I was seven.
And my closest friend Eddie committed suicide when we were fourteen.
No one will respond in the Us. No One.
Not the Media. Not the Obama Administration.
Not the Oklahoma Government.
If you read you will understand why.
I will never, never stop,ever.
My fathers closest friend was in military intelligence in WWII in Italy.
My fathers security clearance allowed him to have access through a project called CORN for the AirForce to have access to photographs of the missiles involved in the Cuban Missile crisis which he explained to me and my nephews years later were the result of the early spy satelites he was involved in calibrating...not photgraphs from planes.
My father was asked to spy on NASA by the CIA.
My father was asked to front a company for the CIA in Virginia which manufacture eavesdropind devices.
He is an extremely extremly bad person as are the people who are protecting him.
I still have one of his work journals from the 60's as well as a summary of many contracts in the missile work...including "nationwide vendor survelience" at white sand on the lunar excursion module.
The survelience cameras he used on that projct in the sixties...I have. It is a concord Video camera...a videocon black and white camera that he used to video me, my cousins and neighbors being molested. I have the camera.
In my parents house is a polaroid of me in my sisters dress.
Not only will no one look into this. They will not even respond. I have written all majors news media in the US.
The state AG and Governor. The local Police and child protective agencies.
And the only response from the obama admin was to send me back to the State LOiason Officer who is not responding.
 

- I am sorry for involving you in this. I thought I would explain to you as well why I am no longer involved with MHAT.
As I have stated in two email to Mark Davis and the director of MHAT: I grew up next to Steven Jacoby.His neighbor was Dr. Theo Williams, my Family Doctor. Their other neighbors were the Fields including his current friend the attorney Stewart Fields. Another neighbor was Patrick Williams an attorney and very close friend with Gov Hall and Mike Turpin. Mike meet Pat at Steak and Ale with my parents and began his career with Pats Law Firm. Pat was an extremely powerful attorney and Pat is responsible for changing the information concerning the suicide of Stevens brother Eddie to protect the adults in the neighborhood including Steven who was 19 at the time, Stevens parents, my father and brother, and the son of Theo Williams, Ted, who is now a juvenile counselor for the TPD.
I was raped on Eddies birthday in Stevens bedroom. I was coaxed at around thirteen while watching a neighbor through the neighbors open window in the Jacobys back yard. I was hurt so severally my anus and testiciles were ripped open and I still have Stevens fingernail tracks into my scrotum. Theo Williams took care of the injuries in his house that night. The Jacobys immediately moved. I think to Little Rock. A month later Eddie stole a car and returned to Tulsa,  and hid at what is now Eaton square.Brian, Pats son ran away. Pat went into detox at SF. And Marylin hid all of Pats gun at our house with my mother.
All I can remember of Eddies suicide is that Ted hurt Eddie severally during sex while in Teds room. I suffer from Borderline PTSD and DID and I see myself in Teds bedroom in third person on the floor vomiting on myself as Ted tried to snap Eddie's neck. I vomited all over myself. And Ted came in the vomit on my face.
What happened to Eddie I am an unsure. That wasn't the first time Ted hurt him. I believe Eddie committed suicide shortly afterward hanging himself from our willow tree. My brother brought me to his body and whispered in my ear the same thing he whispered in my ear when I was seven and my brother ripped my mouth open where the scar still exists underneath my beard..."that's what you get for telling."
I am telling you in explicit detail so you understand the scope of what is going on. YOU SHOULD KNOW. I am not asking you to do anything. I do not expect a response from you, Mark has never responded. NO ONE HAS.
These things are TRUE and more importantly verifiable.
I play the piano without remembering learning because my father would fondle me at the piano while teaching me to play Jesus Loves Me.
Ted coaxed me into his house by telling me he needed a twelve year old to do studies for for his work at TU as a student in psychology.
He told me afterward that I had a personality disorder and that I was retarded. He gave my fourteen year old brother a book on Sybil...and it was that look in my face that my brother and Ted would get off on. If even you can ignore this with no attempt to look into it...than this world truly is as evil as the world Ted and Steven and my family exposed to me.








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To Interpol


I am trying as I have for twenty years to get someone to acknowledge the following abuse...and subsequent suicide of a fourteen year old boy in 1974 by a man who is now a juvinile counselor with the Tulsa Police Department and has been protected by an attorney and his close friends Gov. Hall, AG Mike Turpine, and AG Drew Edmonson.
If you have a soul you will finally respond.
 
 

To childwelfare@childwelfare.gov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To: special@foxnews.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: feedback@current.com
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: 60m@cbsnews.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To: news@tulsaworld.com
 
This is an attempt to inform the Governors office.
The state AG did not respond to my previous email concerning a pedophile working for the TPD.
but neither have you.
The state AG has however removed any access fro his website to email him...umm transparency, access, responsibility.
The governors email form is not capable of pasted hhtp links...or characters over a certain number.
That is what I can surmize from attempting over twenty times to submit the following message.
I have to surmize because it simply doesnt explain why the messag is continously rejected.
Are you all incompntent. Inept. Uncaring. Or just Corrupt.

This is just to put a few things together. 
My father is dieing. The last I saw anyone in my family was in December when my father went in SF.
I have found out what I was told was three craniel surgers for a Sub Dermal Hematoba is actually a cancerous brain tumor.
And the Kidney Stone in which I rushed him to SF and saved his life about 8 years ago...is and was a cancerous tumor in his kideny.
He suffers from a platlet count which was only 1,000 last novemebr. After a complete blood transfusion. Gammugobulons and some other treatment which had failed (Steroids) they have ben able to restore his level to 190,000. 300,000 is prefered.
He will die soon. I will never know when. I prefer it that way.
I was invited to Christmas by my sister. I emailed her before Christmas and cut of ties with my family.
My father is one of the coofounders of valued at $160 Million.
My brother is CEO.
My sister has a over 1 million dollar paid for mansion.A half a million dollar Condo in Paris. My Parents second home in Eureka Springs.
Branch Offices in Paris and Beijing. She was also the PR representative for on the project he was indicted for and is serving 14 years in prison on his part in a $50 Million penny stock scham. And her husband is now being investigated for Tax fraud and owes currently $200,000 to the IRS.
Her husband broke my sisters wrist two years ago - after my sister returned with her son after I had gotten her to move out for a year and a half. Her son had to force him from the house with a baseball bat. And again he soon returned to live with them. Thats when my memories came back - to protect my nephew. My other two nephews who are now in there twenties spent their teens at the Mayo Clinic off and on for years.
In November my brother in law hit my nephew this time who was only seventeen. Dan was forced to move from the house. I spent the evening with my nephew after my sister gave him her Ambian to sleep. He freeked out saying that the characters on tv came out of the TV and sat down beside him and talked to him. 
This is what Benzos and do to me...they cause my dissacotion to explode.

5 years previous after discussing the abuse I suffered and my fathers past I was forced to sign paperwotk on discharge stating that I was delusional....it was remanded two years later by the COS after a barrage of email by me to him and the BOD and to the Zarrows. 
I am a recipient of the Zarrow Award for lifetime accomplishment. I am close friends with  the President of the UW Chapter and former Tulsa Chapter VP as well as the then VP of Fund raising for whom at UW I designed and implemented their Fund Distrubution Spread Sheets organizing the agencies into Fund Distrubtution reports which they used for 8 years. I worked as a volunteer there for four years twenty hours a week.
I program in C++. I taught myself. I taught myself Machine Code in Hex. I became a level II programmer. I programed in the 90's Windows ASPI and IIS ASPI dll's to interface with Web pages I created for a state health systems intranet I designed and implemented. I reported to the CEO, CIO, and CFO of that organization.
I wrote prgrams at my fathers lab in the 80's in machine code to interface and control the lab equipement with computers. And calibrate Analog to Digital using quadratic equations I devoleped.
 I have an IQ over 150.
I am mentally Ill. To be specific. I am Borderline which is a condition caused by severe molestation in very very early childhood. I have DID which stands fro Dissacotiative Identity Disorder. And PTSD. But I am not. I am not Delusional. And the scars in my genitals. and the left side of my face from when I told at seven and my brother ripped my mouth open. ARE REAL.

My nephew is now seeing my sisters therapist and psychologist.
I cut off ties with my family when her husband returned in Novemebr back to the house again. And after again DHS would not respond to my fileing a complaint with them.


Someday someone somwhere will listen to this and I will still be around to hold those acountable who will not do there jobs.
I am on SSDI in public assisted income housing. I have no cable tv and no antenna. no phone. no interent. no car. I live off foodbanks. I have nice furniture and my music instruments. I play Jazz piano and guitar with no knowledge of having learned...except that I vaguely remembering my father who was a deacon in our church and a sunday school teacher for toddlers....my father would fondle me at the piano while teaching me to play Jesus Loves Me.
And there is NOTHING. NOTHING anyone can do to hurt me worse than what was done to me as a child...so I simply will NEVER SHUT UP!
And unless you are worse than those responsible for killing Eddie. Than somehow someone will recognize that you too turned away.

I have contacted Gov Henry, AG Drew Edomson...who is friends whith.
I have contacted YOUR AG. He did not respond.
I have contacted the US AG.
I have contacted the Obama WhiteHouse.
They have directed me to YOUR State Liason Officer who refuses to respond.
I have contacted the Tulsa Police Department repeatedly.
DHS repeatedly.
I have Contacted the Clinton Library and Al Gores publicist who my sister brother in law worked for...they did not respond.
I have contacted 60minutes, CNN, MSNBC, Current TV, FOX, Rush Limbaugh, The Tulsa World ( I talked directly on the phone with the editor who told me three years ago in an email...there was nothing she could do).
I contacted KTUL, KJRH, and Channel 2.
I have talked with Tulsa Law Board and an attorney.
I have contacted everyone.

My letter from Drew Edmonson states that I used the wrong form in my attempt to inform him of a pedophile in the Tulsa Police Dept.
My letter I received from Gov Henrys Office state that it is not the governors responsibility.
They did not respond to my second email.

And now I have contacted you...and I swear I will survive the last thrity years of my life to hold accountable those who continue to PROTECT these people.

If just once in twenty years someone would have said they would look into it would not be a problem.
8 years ago when I reported to my Case Manager that the (attorney who lived next door )grand daughter nude pictures that I found on their computer. Her grand daughter who at the time was thirteen. And I was doing Tech work for the them including destroying HIS account on their computer. My CM told me she was overwhelmingly concerned the TPD told her directly...an advocate reporting child abuse...that they would do nothing.

I was hurt worse by a neighbor named Ted who was in TU as a psychology student. He approached me when I was thirteen stating he needed to do psych test for school and he needed a twelve year old. I was outside the house. I barely new Ted. It scared me. I thought it was innapropriate. I thought I turned him dowd.

I still hear his voice frequently in the back of my head and mine as a child...saying this embarising. I don't have any underwear on....and his voice sayin that something like vaselin comes out.
He told me I had a personality disorder. And that I was retarded.
HE coaxed me into sex with Eddie and the other children in the neighborhhod. He took pictures which he developed in his parents garage, His father was Family Doctor.

Ted in a way perpetuated himself inside me in his fascination with DID...He gave my fourteen year old brother a book on Sybil....do you understand... Ted was out to hurt kids...not just at that moment...but forever inside them...in the future where he would be inside on the verge of pushing them to kill themselves...in hating God himself...as Ted so eloquently displayed to us how Evil and unpredictable God could be.
You can never never understand what we went through.
And I can never understand how ANYONE can turn away.
I was driven for years in what Ted and others were doing to get SOMEONE to listen to save Eddie and I couldn't and in that instant with my brother and Eddie's decomposing beaten body...was a realization that I just could not deal with...so I slipped away for thirty five years as they had wished...to protect themselves. I slipped away.
And now that I remember I am torn again to please get someone to listen...this time for my nephew.
You see I simply can not stop....until someone please does there job and keeps them from hurting another kid.
My pain in what happened to Eddie is just too deap to turn away. I do not understand how you can. Ever. Not for me. Not for the past. But for what is happening now. For what Ted and Steven and my family is capable of.
 

 
I have through Moores Funeral Home found an entry which corresponds to my friends suicide when I was fourteen.
Below is the email to them concerning the situtaion.
 
 
I hadn't heard back from you. I just re-read the date that the boy in your records died. And it would have been Eddie.
I was raped in Eddie's brother's, Stevens, bedoroom in Aug. of 74. I was hurt so severely that the the family immediately moved.
Eddie stole a car and returned to Tulsa and hung himself.  I thought it was in Novemeber.
One of the men who at the time was in his twenties now works for the TPD as a juvenile psychiatrist.
He has been protected for years by the man that would have been responsible for changing Eddie's information.
The attorney - had just gone into private practice and was a very close friend of David Hall who latter became OK first indicted Gov.
My parents arranged for their friend, Senator Jackson to attend Gov. Halls birthday party in 74.
My father was a very powerful Military contractor in the sixties. His company was responsible for all the work on the Titans, Minuteman, and Saturns.
He lost his company because of Apollo One and folded it into another company to avoid the fine by the government.
My sisters brother in law was an assistanat to AL Gore in the Clinton Admin.
I hadn't heard back from you and wasn't sure I would.
Nothing you could find would be very acqurate anyway. I will try Memoiral Cemetery to see if Eddie is there.
I am going to make arrangements for flowers placed on his grave every Sunday.
I have never been to another funeral or cemetary and will never visit his grave.
I want to remember him how he is now as a very special soul inside me.
A friend has offered to place a white and red rose on his grave for me.
This should never have happeened....a fourteen or fifteen year old boy should never be driven to ending his life.
I was brought to Eddie by my older brother who whispered in my ear as I slipped away into a darkness that lasted 35 years..."thats what you get for telling"
I have kept my word and sparred you from the worst of what I could have revealed.
But I thought it was important to reveal to you the reason behind why the information is not correct.
The fact that he died in October clarifies everything to me.
And nothing more is needed. In twenty years I have approached every agency and government representitive to bring attention to what happened. Nothing has ever been done to protect the children that Ted has lived with unsupporvised on Ropes Courses in the twenty some years I have tried to recall what happened.
Nothing has been done to protect my nephews from my family.
It is a testament to the hipocrisy in this world.
I have contacted Governor Henry and AG Drew Edmonson who are friends of - widow...I have gone above the state to the the new Administartion and the US AG.
Nothig has or ever will be done.
Nothing is lost in revealing this to you at this point in that I doubt you will find anything relevant.
I wanted to let you know. Thank you.
And thank you for the information you have given me. It is all that I need to reach out to Eddie.
 
 
Eddie's records indicate he was born in 1950 and died in 1964.
he his the brother of Steven- who is President of the - . And he works extensively as does Ted Williams...with children.
I have Steven's fingernail claw marks into my testicles and anus from when Steven at 19 raped me in his bedroom in Aug 20th, 1974 on Eddie's birthday.
Ted who was at the time a student in psychology at TU. Teds father Theo, my GP, took care of my injuries in his house that night.
The - moved ....that night...to Little Rock.
A month later Eddie at I think 15 stole a car and ran away back to Tulsa and hid in the woods at 61st and Memorial where Eaton square is now.
That month at some point Ted hurt Eddie so severely that Eddie committed suicide.
He hung himself from our Willow tree at the side of our house.
We removed all three williow trees.
Ted removed his willows as did -.
There is now a very expansive garden my mother has created where Eddie died.
My brother brought me to Eddie's decomposing, beaten body.
My brother who Ted - had given the book Sybil to..whispered in my ear as I went in to shock...thats what you get for telling.
In 97 I freaked out and lost my Job after I saw my father wiping semen of my three year old nephew. I walked in on him.
I told him I would call the police. 
My father told me to go ahead that no one would do anything.
No one ever has. I have reported this to EVERY agency including YOURS since twenty years ago at Menningers and predominantly - whose Board members are friends with my sister and with -.
I fired my last Therapist after she contacted - after she knew that I had closed my case there. I was told to specifically the night after my appointment by a hoteline number I had been given by staff at the Wite House in an email from them directing me to the State Liason Officer.



 
 
Kurt Vonnegut called it human decency... that in all the things in this world that fail us...there should still be human decency...thats what I am requesting...



At some point back then what was confusing me was an image in my head that existed of seeing myself in third person on Teds bedroom floor near his closet throwing up all over myself as Ted snapped Eddie's neck during climax. Ted then came on my face in the vomit all over me. I have been so confused with this feeling that Ted killed Eddie during sex...but I believe Eddie killed himself...and that what I remember happened frequently...that Ted would lure me into trusting him...in how embarising and terryfing everything was...to suddenly vomiting on myself...cause what Ted got off on was that look in my face when I'd slip away. That is why he gave my brother book on Sybil. That why he works with kids...not to molest them...or rape them...but to stick around in side of them as some kind of hateful violent replacement of God that I still fight with every day to keep myself alive...do you know what it is like to have the only thing left to fear...to being alone with yourself.
And that is why you have to absolutely find someone anyone who will listen to you and do something about these people...and if you don't than you and this world is worse than the evil Ted so eloquently displayed to us.

I could smell the vomit when I went into - ...no one else could. And what had forced me out of my bedroom to - in August two years ago was the sound of someones neck snapping.
These people are monsters they are protecting.
From the scars in my genitals to the the scar on the left side of my mouth where my brother ripped my mouth open at seven.
These are monsters and so are you if you continue to protect them.
From my Cousin - who at my brothers instruction when Ricky and I were 11....Ricky mounted me anally.
To - who my father used to video tape with an old Concord 1960's securtiy camera....and the dissacotion that it caused in me seeing myself at sevn on tv naked and embaressed....as I once said how confusing and embarising it was to not understand if the entire country could see me...only the brady's are supposed to be on TV. And the - still think - is retarded.
These things are VERIFIABLe in others.
To Doug - who died many years ago, to David and Janet and Stewart , Eddie and Angie, Brian and Ginny, and the -  who is now pscyhzophrenic.

I was hurt so much worse than I have exposed here. My sister would dress me in her old dresses when I was five...to my father voice which still haunts me...I'm a boy and your a girl.
They took polaroid land camera pictures.
One they still have of me standing in a dress...loking pissed.
My brother would rape me anally at nights. I would try so hard to stay awake....until I would drift of. I see myself in thrid person cowaring from him in the corner of our room. And my screams would fill the house to my mother uncaring ears. And it was when I'd drift off in fear from this world into a void that you could never never understand. It isn't some place soft and comfortable and protective. It is hell inside filled with unexplainable overwhelming fear...where there is simply nothing...nothing but terror.
Nothing is understandle. nothing exist. nothing is real or tangible. just the fear of a very very young boy who once had hid in a railroad yard til his aunt came to get him...cause his brother was going to kill him that night...and a sister who handed me back to them.
And if this world continues to hurt me...to ignore me...I will simply slip back where nothing can touch me..cause even in that terror...as overwhelming...is nothing to what I was ecsaping.

If I could tell you about fear....I could find the words to hold onto myself....they are days when the world turns dark and rancide..when my memories burn like razors...and I am neither here nor there....when the past and future began their endless monologues.



