You Damn Right EP 2004

Black Diamond Heavies formed in 2004 as a three piece band: John
Wesley Myers as lead vocals and on the keyboard, Mark "Porkchop"
Holder on guitar and harmonica, and Van Campbell on the drums. 
They soon after started performing and in 2005 the Black Diamond 
Heavies self-released their first EP, You Damn Right. In 2006 
Holder left the band after becoming discouraged with the hardships
of life on the road. Myers and Campbell decided to continue the
band as a two man act. Soon after, in the summer of 2006, the 
band was given a record deal with Alive Records.

Every Damn Time 2007

In 2007, with the band now signed to Alive Records, Black Diamond
Heavies released their first studio album, Every Damn Time.

A Touch of Someone Else's Class 2008

In 2008, Black Diamond Heavies released their second studio album 
under Alive Records, A Touch Of Someone Else's Class. For their
second studio album Black Diamond Heavies turned to Dan Auerbach 
of The Black Keys who produced the album while it was recorded at 
his Akron Analog Studio.[9] The Black Keys drummer Patrick Carney 
joined Black Diamond Heavies on their recording, "Bidin’ My Time".

Alive As Fuck 2009

Since their inception, Black Diamond Heavies have been hyped as 
great live performers, with their live performances being termed 
as "both 'Pentecostal' and 'Demon-Possessed'."[11] In 2009 they 
were able to show the world what the hype was all about, with their
first live album, Alive As Fuck, recorded during a gig at the 
Masonic Lodge, in Covington, KY,. This album was released under 
the Alive Records label.

Solitary Pleasure 2010

In December 2010 Myers recorded a solo album, Solitary Pleasure,
under his pseudonym, James Leg. The album is set to be released on
April 5, 2011 under the Alive Records label.[14] Jim Diamond (music
producer) of Ghetto Recorders mixed Solitary Pleasure. He is most 
noted for producing The White Stripes first two albums.Leg is 
currently on a European tour promoting his solo album. The tour 
is scheduled until the end of April 2011.
