and no one will laugh. Some of the originators of the Bay Area sound and more importantly a band that comes out of that now household name toddlin' town of Seattle, Metal Church are back in original line up sans Craig Wells. Smoking and chugging along without skipping a metallic beat, everyone's favorite pastors prove they can still blast away at the metal masses with skill and juicy riffery. Dave Wayne's vocal performance is now more solid and rooted. Served up right in a picky metalhead era. Nice to see Dave's absence didn't cause him to lose track with the times. Sure Kurdt Vanderhoof is the main driving force and influence, as he has been throughout their career, this guy is an unsung genius. Last few albums have been lyrical as well as musical gemstones and it doesn't stop here! Opening freight train "Sleeps With Thunder", "Falldown" and mid-album monsters "Kiss For The Dead" and "Faster Than Life" are classics, "Sand Kings" is a cold steel genius of an album ender. Glad to see K.V. is back in the lineup after a solo stint. One shortcoming, bad choice in cover tunes with the yawner Aerosmith drip-tune "Toys in The Attic", which really isn't a good song no matter who serves it up.

by Shawn H

TRACKLIST:

01 - Sleeps With Thunder.wma                                          
02 - Falldown.wma                                                     
03 - Into Dust.wma                                                    
04 - Kiss Fo The Dead.wma                                             
05 - Lb. Of Cure.wma                                                  
06 - Faster Than Life.wma                                             
07 - Masterpeace.wma                                                  
08 - All Your Sorrows.wma                                             
09 - They Signed In Blood.wma                                         
10 - Toys In The Attic.wma                                            
11 - Sand Kings.wma          

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

Follow Me On Facebook Pages: MarcelodrgzTPB