This classic Funkadelic album (from 1973) has been remastered from its original master tapes for the first time in 15 years. This is the first album with Gary Shider and marks the beginning of the tighter, more commercial, Funkadelic albums of the later Westbound years. It includes a number of dance floor favorites such as the title track "Cosmic Slop" and the much-sampled "Nappy Dugout". This 2005 CD includes the full nine tracks of the original album plus the substantially different single edit of the title track. The in-depth sleeve notes by funk expert and series consultant Dean Rudland include details of the history of the band and this recording, including information taken from an exclusive interview with original Parliamentarian Fuzzy Haskins. The CD booklet includes a full color reproduction of Pedro Bell's classic album art and contemporary adverts, pictures and memorabilia.

Between 1970 and 1975 Funkadelic released seven albums on the Westbound record label. All of them are essential. The fifth album, 1973's "Cosmic Slop", is as strong, soulful and funky as any other from this seminal period.

That "Cosmic Slop" didn't end up a cosmic flop is a testament to George Clinton's unparalleled skill as a producer. In 1972, after the release of "America Eats Its Young", things were falling apart for Funkadelic. Ace lead guitarist Eddie Hazel was incarcerated for drug possession and assault, bassist Billy Nelson quit and rhythm guitarist Lucius Ross overdosed on LSD and speed, leaving him incapacitated. Funkadelic essentially lost three of its founding members right before recording for "Cosmic Slop" began.

Funkadelic, though technically a group, was essentially a George Clinton "thang." Determined to make "Cosmic Slop" Clinton reincarnated the band. Nelson and Ross, though founding members, proved dispensable. Hazel was missed (but will return on later albums.) Gary Shider, a guitar virtuoso in his own right, takes his lead, contributing incredible, soulful vocals as well. And keyboardist Bernie Worrell comes into his own. In fact, a cobbled together Funkadelic proved as solid and formidable as any previous incarnation.

"Cosmic Slop" is brimming with classic P-funk essentials. "Nappy Dugout", replete with whistles and duck calls, starts the album in typical Funkadelic style. "You Can't Miss..." sounds like a lost "Maggot Brain" single (a good thing.) "March to the Witch's Castle" is, in my opinion, the saddest, darkest, most honest song ever written about the Vietnam War. (A masterpiece maybe?) "Let's Make It Last" is transcendent and soulful. "Cosmic Slop" is a classic, 'nuff said. "No Compute" sounds like, well, country-funk. The raunchy lyrics about a one-night stand are hilarious. "This Broken Heart" is a heartfelt cover of an old doo-wop number with a hysterical interlude. "Trash A-Go-Go" is a funked-out guitar jam, possibly the funkiest moment on the album. "Can't Stand the Strain" is a joyful Motownish number... Joyful, that is, until the lyrics sink in.

Lyrically "Cosmic Slop" tends to be a sad, bluesy album. Half of the songs are traditional soul tunes about love and heartache. The others deal with war, prostitution and drugs. Even though at times the lyrics are funny, there's a tragic quality to them overall.

Musically it's a soulful, funky, yet brazenly psychedelic album. Funkadelic stands for psychedelic funk, which is what you get on "Cosmic Slop." This album has little in common with late-70s disco-influenced Parliament and Funkadelic albums, like P's "The Mothership Connection" or F's "One Nation Under a Groove." Rather, think Sly Stone and Jimi Hendrix on acid and you're close.

I thought with the uploading of this torrent the Funkadelic collection would now be complete. But I have found another Funkadelic album I need to get I have just heard of. It is called "Funkadelic Live." But this uploading does now give everyone a chance to upload the complete studio collection of this wonderful group(Someone say "Thank You" God Damnit!) in the Flac format. My follow Funkateers have been good at keeping this torrents seeded and I thank you for that. I will be finishing the Parliament collection and as much of the George Clinton collection as I can as I add the CD's to my collection. So the journay isn't over yet.

Enjoy and please seed!