Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=p3957q8yeupktgotb56t.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=px5ytxfdo7yq5dqtkm6v.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=aljy5lfidzby637vjti9.jpg



Black Teen Punishment (1)
It's Fun To Be A Teen Until You Commit A Crime!

Amy Starz - Age 19 Offense: Breaking and Entry Sentence: This out of control teen breaks into a house full of jewels. When the owner and his friend catch her, she forgets all about making a clean escape! Her punishment is to take on 3 black cocks and like it.

Vanessa Leon - Age 18 Offense: Warrant for outstanding traffic tickets Sentence: This sweet 18 yr old thought she was obeying the law. But when her traffic tickets and fines piled up, she had to own up and get what she deserves, a mandatory ass thrashing from Prince.

Tara Lynn Foxx - Age 19 Offense: Ditching out on paying for car repairs Sentence: This spoiled daddy's girl needs to get taught a lesson in payback. her punishment is to get used as collateral until the auto remain is satisfied. Things start a little boring, but when her begging for no anal falls on deaf ears, things heat up.

Tori Black - Age 20 Offense: Runaway Sentence: This rebellious sweet tart has some serious issues. Her punishment is to get served big and hard where her hole pounded in every way. Her reluctance at seeing the size of the cock is so hot.

Camilla Bella - Age 19 Offense: Shoplifting Sentence: This sweet teen knows better than to shoplift. Now her punishment is to pay the ultimate price as her ass gets a serious reaming she'll remember for life.






Black Teen Punishment 2

Chastity Lynn- Sneaks out and takes her mom's car. This hotty needs her parking space back to hide her transgression, but there is a hard price to pay.

Jaelyn Fox- Hottest scene of the 15...she puts an anal plug in which falls out due to the vaginal pounding she is receiving

Kya Tropic- my least favorite, but if you in to fat asians getting interacially destroyed, check it out.

Misti Love- Misti falls asleep in the wrong bed, and a large black man takes it as an invitation.

Tiffany Star- This babe gets caught stealing. Her only way to avoid the cops is to get it long and hard before being thrown out buck naked into the street.






Black Teen Punishment 3
It's fun to be a teen until you get punished!!

Proxy's tight asshole hets wrecked!

Tristyn's suck and fuck fest!

Teen Kacey's anal drilling day!

Mina's pussy gets stretched beyond belief!

Alexia is a hot nympho blonde! 