
1. Cleopatra Grip (1990)

The debut album by Liverpool's Heart Throbs (led by the twin sisters of late Echo & the Bunnymen drummer Pete DeFrietas) slots neatly into the overriding musical styles of U.K. indie pop circa 1990, mixing the post-punk directness of the Primitives, the swirling, dreamlike textures of the shoegazers, and the flirtations with dance rhythms introduced by the previous summer's Madchester explosion. 
However, the Heart Throbs definitely had their own unique style; for one thing, singer Rose Carlotti's lyrics, from the suggestive album title on down, are forthrightly female-centric in the manner of the Au Pairs' Lesley Woods or early PJ Harvey. 
It can be difficult to hear Carlotti behind Martin Hannett's echoey, hollow production, which shifts the guitars to the forefront, but the intent of songs like "She's in a Trance" and the searing, My Bloody Valentine-like "Kiss Me When I'm Starving" remains clear regardless. 
The slightly poppier singles "Tossed Away" and "Dreamtime" are the album's highlights but, while a couple of the songs coast by simply on atmosphere, Cleopatra Grip is a luxurious and compelling listen.

 
http://img148.imageshack.us/img148/1910/frontsb.jpg


01. Tossed Away
02. Dreamtime
03. Big Commotion (Remix)
04. In Vain
05. Slip And Slide
06. Here I Hide (Remix)
07. Calavera
08. I Wonder Why
09. She's In A Trance
10. Blood From A Stone (Remix)
11. Kiss Me When I'm Starving
12. White Laughter




Vocals, Guitar - Rose Carlotti 
Guitar - Alan Borgia
Guitar [Bass], Vocals - Rachel Carlotti
Drums - Mark Side
Keyboards - Stephen Ward

Producer - Chris Allison , Derek Birkett , Frank De Freitas , Gil Norton , The Heart Throbs , Rob Stennett
Mixed By - Bill Price , Dave Meegan , Gil Norton , Mark Wallis , Martin Hannett



Label: One Little Indian
Released: Aug 1990









2. Vertical Smile (1993)

Third and final LP from the Heart Throbs in 1993.
This album is harder and more raw than the others. Both the lyrics and music show a lot of anger. There are several good songs, but not as memorable as on their prior efforts. I can't recall hearing any fans claiming this as their favorite HT disc (but there are probably a few). 
This one was never released in the U.S. and can be a real challenge to find. (ensnared.com)

 
http://img64.imageshack.us/img64/5387/folderku.jpg


01 - Perry Said
02 - Stunned
03 - Worser
04 - Love Is Stretching
05 - Incense Of You
06 - Avalanche
07 - Brood Bitch
08 - Apple Pie
09 - Tranquilised, Naked & Shy
10 - Go
11 - Solemn Child  



Vocals, Guitar - Rose Carlotti
Guitars - Alan Borgia
Bass - Colleen Browne
Drums - Steve 'Bes'wick
Performer [Tinkering] - Stephen Ward

Written-By, Recorded By - The Heart Throbs
Producer - The Heart Throbs
Engineer - Steve Marker
Mixed By - Alan Borgia


Label: One Little Indian
Released: 1993
Catalogue: TPLP043 CD





Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rips by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share

