Official Web Site:  http://www.macroplant.com/podtomac/

Pod to Mac is an iPod, iPad or iPhone to Mac transfer software that lets users transfer iPhone, iPod Touch and iPod songs, playlists, videos, tv shows and much more to a Mac and into iTunes. Pod to Mac can rip music from all iPods and iPhones works with or without jail-breaking.

Transfer Playlists from iPod to iTunes

With Pod to Mac you can almost instantly copy a playlist from anyone’s iPod or iPhone. Simply select the playlist’s tracks and then click transfer. Pod to Mac then recreates the playlist copying music when needed and avoiding duplicates if the track is already in iTunes.

Search iPod, iPad and iPhone for Music

Got 10,000 tracks on your iPod but only want to copy an album? Pod to Mac lets you quickly find the tracks you’re looking for with a search bar and filter option.

Recover Pictures and Photos

Pod to Mac even offers picture transfer and recovery for the iPhone and iPod Touch! Preview thumbnails, drag and drop individual images or copy entire albums with the touch of a button!

Address Book

Looking for a way to transfer contacts from an iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch to your PC? Simply drag contacts to the Desktop or drop them directly into Outlook.

SMS and Notes

Need a specific text message or note from your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch on your computer? Copy and manage your SMS and notes all on your PC.

Crash Recovery Solution

If your computer crashed or you just bought a new one, Pod to Mac is the ideal solution to move your music back on to the computer. Simply download, install and click auto-transfer and everything will be back the way it was before.

Prevent Duplicates

Before you’ve even connected your iPod or iPhone, Pod to Mac knows which tracks are in iTunes and (unless you tell it otherwise), it’s not going to copy a duplicate into iTunes.

Drag and Drop to Computer

The quickest way to get files directly from your iPod, iPad or iPhone is the highly intuitive drag and drop feature which we’ve built in. This feature lets you quickly copy songs, videos, images and more!

Call History, Web History

Browse and sort through your Call and Web history. Access, browse and save your Safari bookmarks.

Calendar

Keep those important dates by browsing through your Calendar.

Play Music & Video without iTunes
Want to play music without using iTunes? Pod to Mac lets you listen to music and movies on any iPod without having to transfer it into your iTunes library.

Automatic Upgrades

With constant iPod and iPhone upgrades, Pod to Mac is updated quite frequently to to keep up with Apple and also to add new features and bug fixes.. With its built in update framework, Pod to Mac lets you know when an update is available and makes installing the updates nearly seamless .

Copy Voicemails

Listen to that important voicemail message directly on your computer. Then backup and store your voicemails on your PC.

Backup Browser

Browse thru your iTunes backups

System Requirements: 

Intel Mac OS X 10.5 or later
iTunes 8.0 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---