The Perfect Gift (Christian Movie)


From the producers of 'The Perfect Stranger' and 'Clancy' comes a Christmas movie for the ages. 'The Perfect Gift' is a heartwarming holiday tale of a spoiled young girl, her overworked executive mother, and a disillusioned young minister, and how each learns a valuable lesson about Christmas from a friendly, but mysterious drifter named Jes.

The young girl has an attitude problem and she doesn't know how to handle it until she's introduced to Jesus Christ, incognito, known as Jes. To make a long story short, after spending a very short time with "Jes", the little girl's attitude disappears and her character has done a 180. Now that's the power of Jesus, live and in action.

This is a wonderful film for the entire family that will encourage people to look at the real definition of Christmas and the reason we celebrate this time of the year. Like so many other Jefferson Moore movies, this one is truly enjoyable for the entire family. Max is a young girl who just happens to have a birthday on the same day that Jesus was born, but she does not like it. She also is not happy that her school assignment is to write about Christmas. As Jes helps Max with her essay, he also helps the community, her mother and the assistant minister see how important God's perfect gift to us was - the gift of love. It also takes a look at what is happening in the world today at this very special holiday season. That Christmas is a time for kindness and love, not gifts and shopping. And that people need to stand up for what they believe in and not let others that do not believe bully us in hiding the real reason we celebrate Christmas. A truly amazing movie for the entire family. 

Uploading this movie on special request from many people.
 
Runtime: 89 mins
Language: Dual Audio (English/Port)
Year: 2009
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 
Format: avi format 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic isn't it?
Please buy the movies to keep Christian films in business.

2. Please seed the movies for as long as possible. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families. Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in
Kindly mention the subject as Christian Movies or something similar. 

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian
