Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not" is the title of a song written by Jim Collins and David Lee Murphy and recorded by American country duo Thompson Square. It was released in July 2010 as the second single from their self-titled debut album, which is scheduled for release on February 8, 2011.

The music video was directed by Wes Edwards. It was filmed in Puerto Rico in September 2010. It shows the duo singing outside a gate. It then moves to inside a lighthouse, where the performance continues. The next scene shows the duo in the water, at the beach and by the light of the moon, as well as scenes that are acted out, pretaining to the song's lyrics. The video ends with the duo kissing each other, which is actually turned out to be a reflection of them in the lighthouse's glass windows.

Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song a positive review, referring to it as "cute, playful, romantic and a prime example of the kind of song an artist needs to breakthrough with."

"Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not" is a country love song. In the first verse, the song's male narrator describes sitting with his love interest and talking, and being caught off guard when she says to him 'are you gonna kiss me or not?' In the second verse he describes the kiss favorably, and decides to take a chance and ask for her hand in marriage. The song's bridge describes the events of the couple getting married, and him lifting up her veil before asking her 'are you gonna kiss me or not?'

Thompson Square is an American country music duo composed of Keifer Thompson and his wife, Shawna Thompson. The duo signed to Stoney Creek Records, a sister label of Broken Bow Records, in January 2010 and released its debut single, "Let's Fight," soon afterward.

Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the single four-and-a-half-stars out of five, with his review calling it "one of the catchiest, best-written singles of the 2010 summer season so far." The song debuted on the Hot Country Songs chart dated for the week ending June 5, 2010. The duo released their second single, "Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not," on July 12, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/