Blu-ray converter to DVD v1.1.0.0

[img]http://www.vso-software.fr/upload/box/bluray-converter/bluraytoDVD_h166px.png[/img]

Easy to use
Convert Blu-ray videos to DVD in an easy 1, 2, 3 step process:
1)  Select the Blu-ray video and choose the audio and subtitle tracks
2)  Use the quality analyzer to adjust settings for best quality
3)  Just sit back and relax during the conversion!  The burning will begin if the option is checked.
	easy to use
The live preview allows you to watch the conversion process.  With the VSO burning engine included in the software, burn your project onto DVD automatically. Add an elegant DVD menu for easy navigation and choose to include original chapters points from the Blu-ray movie or create your own.

Website:  http://www.vso-software.fr/products/bluray-converter/blu-ray-to-dvd.php

Quality control

perfect quality
Use our quality advisor to adjust the settings of your project to get the best quality.  See before you even start the conversion process what the quality will be and adjust settings for fine tuning. Never be disappointed again by poor quality results!

Blu-ray To DVD also uses our advanced Image Filter to converts images down from HD to SD (for compatibility with any DVD player).  Our image filter has already proven itself to be one of the best image resizing solutions on the market today.


Simplified with Advanced technology
Our advanced discriminator technology does all the hard work for you behind the scenes.  Whether you want to convert a movie or a Blu-ray series, the discrimintor presents the main files you need and insures the correct ordering of the files.  This means no more sorting through long lists of video files wondering which file is the right one to select - our software does it all for you.  Not only that, but for films with multiple angles, a special preview module helps you choose which angle you want to convert. 	advanced features

Extra Fast
Our software has been optimized for multi-core processors meaning you get even faster conversions.
DVDs to play on any player

plays on any dvd player 	The result will play on any DVD player.  Create a DVD for PAL or NTSC region and also select whether you want the result to be fullscreen or widescreen.  Create a DVD with multiple audio and subtitle files and select them like a real Blu-ray or DVD either via the menu or by using the subtitle button or your remote control to switch between the languages on your DVD.  A settings and chapter menu are created for easy navigation.  Our burning engine supports all DVD types and brands.


Installation Info:
1)Run  Setup
2)Close Program 
3)Run the patch to the installed directory
C : \ Program Files \ VSO \ Blu-ray to DVD  or  C : \ Program Files(x86) \ VSO \ Blu-ray to DVD
patch the BlurayToDVDConverter.exe
4)Enjoy From Slickinator 

Note: a few Antivirus might snag this patch as a virus it is safe and tested it and was good from my end 
