Product description:

Nowadays known as the Airport Weeze, the aerodrome close to the Netherlands is used by Ryanair and several other low cost airlines. Approx 2.4 mil. passengers p.a. use the airport to many different holiday destinations in Europe, Asia and North Africa. 

Important: For the installation process and the following online-activation this AddOns needs an active internet connection on the computer!

The Royal Air Force Station Laarbruch was completed in 1954. In the following years the RAF stationed bombers and interceptor planes alongside the ever combat-alert Canberras. In a case of war those could have very quickly dropped nuclear bombs on different targets in the Soviet territory. After the downfall of the Iron Curtain, RAF Laarbruch was mainly used for operations in the Gulf region and the Balkans. As a result of the imminent withdrawal of the RAF from Germany, a concept for the future of the airbase had to be worked out.

2003 - four years after handover to the German authorities - commercial traffic commenced.

This airport scenery has been modelled to the smallest of details including all buildings and airport institutions of the civilian and the former military part. The product lives up to the quality you can expect from an FSX exclusive add-on. Numerous details and scenery effects let you enjoy the lively atmosphere of this great scenery for your FSX.

Features:

Highly detailed virtual replica of the airport‘s civilian and the former military part including all buildings and its institutions
3D Runway Lights
High resolution day- and night textures
Seasonal ground textures (0.5m/Pixel)
Photorealistic textures on buildings, vehicles, etc.
Realistic navigation aids (ILS, VOR/DME, NDB, ATIS)
Fully compatible to the standard AI traffic and traffic add-ons such as MyTrafficX
Taxiways and apron with realistic rendered textures
Taxiway- and runway signs according to original plans
Dynamic vehicle traffic on the airport and surrounding based on AESLite
Compatible with AES (Airport Enhancement Services) 
Manual and Charts (German, English)
System requirements for FSX:
Microsoft Flight Simulator X (SP2, Acceleration or Gold Edition)
Windows 7, Vista, XP
Processor with 3.0 GHz (Core2Duo Intel recommended)
2 Gb RAM  (4 Gb recommended)
3D graphic card with 256 MB, recommended 512 Mb
.net Framework 3.5 or higher
Download-size: 350 Mb
Install size: 500 Mb