Story Disc One Alvin Purple

The film is a sex-farce which follows the misadventures of a naïve young Melbourne man Alvin Purple (Blundell) whom women find irresistible. Working in door to door sales, Alvin (unsuccessfully) tries to resist legions of women who want him.

Alvin is so worn-out he seeks psychiatric help to solve his problems. His psychiatrist is, of course, a woman. Alvin ultimately falls in love with the one girl who doesn't throw herself at him. She becomes a nun, and Alvin ends up a gardener in the convent's gardens.

Cast

    Graeme Blundell as Alvin Purple
    Abigail as Girl in See-Through
    Lynette Curran as First Sugar Girl
    Jacki Weaver as Second Sugar Girl
    Christine Amor as Peggy
    Dina Mann as Shirley
    Penne Hackforth-Jones as Dr. Liz Sort
    George Whaley as Dr. McBurney
    Dennis Miller as Mr. Horwood
    Jill Forster as Mrs. Horwood
    Frederick Parslow as Alvin's Father
    Valerie Blake as Alvin's Mother
    Alan Finney as Spike Dooley
    Elli McClure as Tina
    Noel Ferrier as the Judge
    Elke Neidhardt

[edit] Background

Director Tim Burstall had worked extensively in film both in Australia and overseas in the 1960s and in the late Sixties he was closely involved in the foundation of the famous La Mama Theatre in Melbourne, established by his wife Betty Burstall. La Mama was a major focus for the new wave of Australian drama that was emerging at that time, showcasing many new plays, performance pieces and films by people such as Jack Hibberd, Alex Buzo, David Williamson, Bert Deling and Burstall himself.

Burstall's first feature film, 2000 Weeks was an ambitious contemporary drama about a writer, starring Scots-born actor Mark McManus (of Taggart fame) and Australian actress Jeannie Drynan, which was very notable at the time, being the first all-Australian feature film produced since Charles Chauvel's Jedda in 1954. Although it was reportedly well-received overseas, 2000 Weeks was panned by local critics and it failed disastrously at the box office. The experience affected Burstall strongly and also influenced other directors and producers, including John B. Murray and Phillip Adams, who observed the hostile reaction to 2000 Weeks and who as a result took their film-making in a more populist direction, as Burstall soon did himself.

This was followed by a low-budget surfing feature Getting Back To Nothing (1970). His second feature, the contemporary comedy Stork (1972) was much more successful. As well as launching the cinema career of actor Bruce Spence, who played the title role, it was the first of many successful film adaptations of plays by renowned Australian dramatist David Williamson. Stork was adapted from his play The Coming of Stork, which had premiered at La Mama.

In 1972 Burstall became a partner in a new film production company, Hexagon Productions. The brief for its first project was to make an "Australian Decameron", and Burstall chose a screenplay by actor and playwright Alan Hopgood.

Hopgood had enjoyed considerable critical success in the early 1960s with his Aussie rules football satire And The Big Men Fly and he was well-known to TV audiences at the time for his long-running role as the town doctor in the ABC's Bellbird.

In 2008 Catharine Lumby wrote a book about the film in the Australian Screen Classic Series.

Directed by 	Tim Burstall
Produced by 	Tim Burstall
Written by 	Alan Hopgood
Starring 	Graeme Blundell,
Lynette Curran,
Jill Forster,
Jacki Weaver,
Dina Mann
Music by 	Brian Cadd
Cinematography 	Robin Copping
Editing by 	Edward McQueen-Mason
Distributed by 	Roadshow Entertainment (Australia)
Release date(s) 	20 December 1973
Running time 	97 minutes
Country 	Australia
Language 	English

Plot

The irresistible Alvin Purple discovers he is identical in appearance to gangster Balls McGee. When Balls is killed, Alvin is forced to take his place.
[edit] Selected cast

    Graeme Blundell 	        as Alvin Purple/Balls McGee
    Alan Finney 		as Spike Dooley
    Gus Mercurio 		as Jake
    Noel Ferrier 		as The Hatchet
    Abigail 		        as Mae
    Jon Finlayson 		as The Magician
    Kris McQuade 		as Mandy
    Chantal Contouri 	        as Boobs la Touche
    Jeff Ashby 		        as Loopy Snieder
    Frank Wilson 		as House Detective
    Ross Bova 		        as The Dwarf
    Briony Behets 		as Girl in Taxi
    Arna-Maria Winchester 	as Nancy
    Frank Thring 		as Fingers
    Clare Balmford 		as Employment Clerk
    Dina Mann                   as Woman Cricketer +cat
    Candy Raymond               as Girl in Office
    Esme Melville               as Cleaning Lady
    Reg Gorman                  as Bookmaker
    Terry Gill                  as Male Barracker
    John Michael Howson         as Bell Boy
    Maurie Fields               as Garage Proprietor

Alvin Rides Again
Directed by 	David Bilcock Robin Copping
Written by 	Alan Hopgood Tim Burstall Alan Finney
Starring 	Graeme Blundell Alan Finney
Release date(s) 1974
Country 	Australia
Language 	English
