Grindhouse.XXX.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-STARLETS


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=47134974719090011348.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=58180240830274406730.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=59069093417637070278.jpg


India Summer, Lee Stone, Nina Mercedez, Teagan Presley, Kaci Starr, Briana Blair, Angelica Raven, Kati Summers, Alexis Ford, Mr Pete, Eric Masterson, Rocco Reed, Andy San Dimas, Derrick Pierce, Seth Gamble, Ralph Long, Britney Amber, Jack Lawrence, D Snoop, Ren Savant, Marco Antonio


Special 2-disc collector's set loaded with extras!
Spoofing the cult classic combo from Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriquez, the Grindhouse XXX features two gritty movies packed with explosive action, violence and gore – just like the campy drive-in-theater titles from yesteryear! The two movies feature two different directors and two different contract stars for a completely distinctive feel and experience… as well as all the modern-day sex you could want! 2 discs. 6 sex scenes. 192 minutes, plus bonus material.
Massacre at Pine Lake Pine Lake Camp's head counselor Alexis Ford faces a crazed serial killer in this exciting slasher flick as she tries to protect her campers and fellow staffers!
Scene 1: Andy San Dimas brings Ralph Long to the barn for a quick roll in the hay as he pumps her pussy hard and fast during missionary!
Scene 2: Briana Blair and Rocco Reed take a time out from the whole serial killer thing for sloppy blowjob and bouncy cowgirl ride!
Scene 3: Spooning up close with Mr. Pete, Alexis unleashes a flood of girl juice that leaves her pussy nice and wet as he slides his big cock back inside her!
Student Assassin When Police Officer Nina Mercedez is kidnapped and left for dead, it's up to her girlfriend Teagan Presley, college student by day and trained killer by night, to rescue her in this action-packed adventure!
Scene 1: Teagan and Nina Mercedez get dirty in the shower as they make out and wash each other off! Then, Teagan drops to her knees to suck Nina's clit and finger her wet poon before they make out some more!
Scene 2: Britney Amber puts on her cowgirl hat and spurs as she rides Derrick Pierce's cock front and back while he squeezes her tits and ass!
Scene 3: Back to class, India Summer gives a sex-ed demonstration with Seth Gamble – licking his balls before spreading her legs wide as he pumps her pussy until exploding all over her pink lips!
Adam and Eve recommends these adult DVDs for anyone interested in adult features and fans of the Grindhouse movie.