Catapulted to international prominence by Sergio Leone's Spaghetti Westerns, Clint Eastwood leapt from TV lead to world-class movie star. Then with Dirty Harry came super-stardom. But even that was not enough. Hiss goal was to get behind the camera - to make great films. To achieve this end, he has produced, directed and starred in such classics as Play Misty for Me, High Plains Drifter, The Outlaw Josie Wales, Bronco Billy, Honkytonk Man, Pale Rider, Heartbreak Ridge, White Hunter, Black Heart, and Unforgiven. Meanwhile, Clint continues to explore, to take risks - always seeking to redefine his image as the loner who, when the chips are down, cares. Including clips from his best pictures, here is his life as told by Clint himself. Included are recollections of Gene Hackman, Marsha Mason, Michael Cimino, Forest Whitaker, Genevieve Bujold, Frances Fisher, Jessica Walter and others.

Directed by : Gene Feldman

A Wombat Production (1993)


Reviews :

"An insightful and engrossing portrait. . . Stands alone as a superior analysis of Eastwood's creative values, it also serves as an enlightening companion piece to Unforgiven. . . Go ahead. Make your day." Rated**** (Four Stars) -Chicago Sun Times

"The husband and wife team of Gene Feldman and Suzette Winter. . . have given us terrific shows about the careers of Ingrid Bergman, Marilyn Monroe, Steve McQueen Grace Kelly, Cary Grant, Gregory Peck, Shirley Temple, Robert Mitchum and Michael Caine. Now it's one on Clint Eastwood." -Los Angeles Times

"The made-for-cable documentary is fascinating and thorough. -The Columbus Dispatch

"Critics Choice - glowing and satisfying biographical profile" -USA Today

"Anyone who is just discovering Eastwood now should make a point of watching The Man From Malpaso directed by Gene Feldman...For long-time Eastwood fans, it's also more interesting because he's discussing a subject with which they're already familiar." -NY Daily News


Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1759 kbps
Video Resolution: 720x544
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 58:12.360
Number Of Parts: 1
Part Size: 854,823,392 Bytes
Ripped by: DocFreak08