All are unabridged and are of CD quality. 
All were collected and ripped by peterg23.
Most are recorded at 48 kbps / 44 kHz Mono Fraunhofer CBR MP3 except 9, 10 and 11 which are 32kbps / 22kHz.
Most are narrated by Michael Jayston, except 1 and 2 which are by Roy Marsden.

 

I uploaded these superb titles previously (some in cassette format) and have had many requests to seed, so here is the complete set, but this time they are all CD quality versions.
The author revealed in 2011 that The Private Patient was the final Dalgliesh novel.

#1. Cover Her Face (1962). [6 hrs 46 mins]
Headstrong and beautiful, the young housemaid Sally Jupp is put rudely in her place, strangled in her bed behind a bolted door. Coolly brilliant policeman Adam Dalgliesh of Scotland Yard must find her killer among a houseful of suspects, most of whom had very good reason to wish her ill. (This first book in my opinion should not be read first, as it has a rather different feel to the rest of the series. Listen to "A Mind to Murder", "Unnatural Causes" or "Shroud for a Nightingale" first).

#2. A Mind to Murder (1963). [6 hrs 52 mins]
A piercing scream, shattering the evening calm, brings Superintendent Adam Dalgliesh hurrying from his literary party to the nearby Steen Psychiatric Clinic, where he discovers the body of a woman sprawled on the basement floor, a chisel thrust through her heart. As Dalgliesh probes beneath the apparently unruffled calm of the clinic, he discovers that many an intrigue lies hidden behind the Georgian terrace's unassuming facade.

#3. Unnatural Causes (1967). [7 hrs 12 mins]
Maurice Seton was a famous mystery writer -- but no murder from his imagination could equal the method of his own death. When his mutilated corpse is found in a drifting dinghy, ripples of horror spread among his bizarre neighbours on the remote Suffolk coast: the cruel and cynical drama critic, the celebrated recluse, the rakish young heir, the terrified woman waiting for her killer in a lonely house... It is up to Superintendent Adam Dalgliesh and his extraordinary aunt to discover the shocking truth about Seton's past - before the plot takes another murderous turn. 

#4. Shroud for a Nightingale (1971). [10 hrs 2 mins]
The young women of Nightingale House are there to learn to nurse and comfort the suffering. But when one of the students plays patient in a demonstration of nursing skills, she is horribly, brutally killed. Another student dies equally mysteriously, and it is up to Adam Dalgliesh to unmask a killer who has decided to prescribe murder as the cure for all ills. 

#5. The Black Tower (1975). [9 hrs 49 mins]
The story begins when Inspector Dalgliesh, himself recovering from both a serious illness and a crisis of confidence, is invited to Toynton Grange by the home's elderly chaplin; something is amiss, and the chaplin would welcome Dalgliesh's advice. But when Dalgliesh arrives, he finds his old friend has died a few days earlier. With little to go on except his own suspicion, Dalgliesh slowly, grudingly begins to investigate... and finds one suspicious death after another.... 

#6. Death of an Expert Witness (1977). [7 hrs 24 mins]
When a young girl is found murdered in a field, the scientific examination of the exhibits is just a routine job for the staff of Hoggatt's forensic science laboratory. But nothing could have prepared them for the brutal death of one of their own. When the senior biologist is found dead in his laboratory Commander Dalgliesh is called to the bleak fens of East Anglia, where the murderer is lying in wait to strike again. 

#7. A Taste for Death (1986). [17 hrs 9 mins]
When two bodies are discovered with their throats slashed in a London church, Dalgleish is called upon to solve the case. One victim is Sir Paul Berowne, former Minister of the Crown; the other is a tramp accustomed to sleeping in the church vestibule. It seems that these deaths may be tied to those of two young women who have recently been employed in the Berowne household. Dalgleish feels an unusual empathy in this case; he had known Berowne and sensed several parallels in their lives. 

#8. Devices And Desires (1989). [15 hrs 40 mins] 
A serial killer of women is on the loose on the Norfolk coast in a community overshadowed by the Larksoken nuclear power station. Commander Dalgliesh, who is staying at his aunt's converted windmill, becomes involved in the hunt for the murderer, a search that implicates him in the concerns and dangerous secrets of the headland community.

#9. Original Sin (1994). [16 hrs 4 mins]
The Peverell Press, a two-hundred-year-old publishing firm housed in a dramatic mock-Venetian palace on the river Thames, is certainly ripe for change. But the proposals of its ruthlessly ambitious new managing director, Gerard Etienne, have made him dangerous enemies - a discarded mistress, a neglected and humiliated author, and rebellious colleagues and staff. When Gerard's body is discovered bizarrely desecrated, there is no shortage of suspects and Dalgliesh and his team are confronted with a puzzle of extraordinary complexity and a murderer who is prepared to strike again. 

#10. A Certain Justice (1997). [15 hrs 33 mins]
Guilt or innocence is of no concern to a defending council, least of all to unemotional Venetia Aldricht QC, when another brilliant forensic display secures her client an acquittal for murder at the Old Bailey. But it is a different kettle of fish when the same sinisterly attractive young psychopath involves himself with her gauche love-starved daughter. When the iron-lady QC is then stabbed in locked Chambers, with grotesque trimmings to the corpse added posthumously by another hand, Commander Adam Dalgleish and his team, meticulously sifting the human sediment of the past for a motive, are suddenly wrong-footed when the prime suspect is murdered! 

#11. Death in Holy Orders (2001). [14 hrs 2 mins]
When the body of a young ordinand, Ronald Treeves, turns up buried in a sandy bank on the Suffolk coast near isolated St. Anselm's, a High Anglican theological college, it's unclear whether his death was an accident, suicide or murder. The mystery deepens a few days later when someone suffocates Margaret Munroe, a retired nurse with a bad heart, because she remembers an event 12 years earlier that could have some bearing on whatever's amiss at St. Anselm's. Enter Dalgliesh at the behest of Ronald's father, Sir Alred, who's received an anonymous note suggesting foul play in his son's death.

#12. The Murder Room (2003). [13 hrs 44 mins]
When Commander Dalgliesh is persuaded by an old friend to visit the Dupayne, a small private museum on the edge of Hampstead Heath, he can have no idea that he will return to it one week later under very different circumstances. One of the family trustees has been horribly murdered and Dalgliesh and his team are called in to investigate a death which, from the first, is fraught with complications. Even before the murder, the museum was in tumult. A new lease is due to be signed and two of the trustees are determined to keep the museum open, the third passionately determined on its closure. 

#13. The Lighthouse (2005). [12 hrs 38 mins]
Combe Island off the Cornish coast has a bloodstained history of piracy and cruelty but now, privately owned, it offers respite to over-stressed men and women in positions of high authority who require privacy and guaranteed security. But the peace of Combe is violated when one of the distinguished visitors is bizarrely murdered. Adam Dalgliesh is called in to solve the mystery quickly and discreetly, but at a difficult time for him and his depleted team. 

#14. The Private Patient (2007). [13 hrs 35 mins] (Final)
When the notorious investigative journalist Rhoda Gradwyn booked into Mr Chandler-Powell's private clinic in Dorset for the removal of a disfiguring and long-standing facial scar, she had every prospect of a successful operation by a distinguished surgeon, a week's peaceful convalescence in one of Dorset's most beautiful manor houses and the beginning of a new life. She was never to leave Cheverell Manor alive. Dalgliesh and his team are called in to investigate the murder, and later a second death, which are to raise even more complicated problems than the question of innocence or guilt. 

P.D.James article: http://www.guardian.co.uk/culture/2011/nov/04/pd-james-life-in-writing


Enjoy and Seed!!