The video “A Conversation about Race” was made to ask people some disturbing questions about race. The producer of “A Conversation about Race,” Craig Bodeker, set about to interview people from various races, which he told them was being done to end racism now. During the course of numerous short interviews, Mr. Bodeker sought examples of “racism,” and how people defined the very word. More importantly, Mr. Bodeker dared to ask some rather difficult questions, which made many of his guests a little tongue-tied.

Bodeker starts out by asking if it’s fair to say that blacks excel at basketball. Most the people interviewed agreed with this statement. He then asked the interviewees if it was also fair to say that whites might excel at something–such as tests. It seemed as if many of their jaws dropped–the very same people who had no disagreement with the concept that blacks may excel at something.

Bodeker also brings up the age-old argument of tests being “culturally biased,” an argument that was greeted with little resentment. Actually, there was some resentment when Bodeker pointed out that Asians often score higher than whites, and asked the interviewees if whites were making tests that made them intentionally look bad.

When bringing up leaders of blacks, he mentioned Jesse Jackson. A white woman remarked that Jackson was an “advocate for black people.” Bodeker asked who was an advocate for white people, a question that begged an answer. No one seemed able to produce a name.

Other obvious perceptions were challenged: Bodeker pointed out the high rate of black on white rapes, according to the Department of Justice’s crime statistics, with there being approximately 37,000 cases in 2005 (or, an average of approximately 100 per day); on the other hand, there were under 10 cases of whites raping blacks for all of 2005. He then asks why is it acceptable for blacks to bring up alleged crimes of whites from last century (slavery being the typical case, though few whites actually owned slaves, and many whites emigrated to the U.S. after the Civil War), though it is unacceptable for whites to ask about the crimes of blacks in recent times?

What is particularly interesting is the immigration-question, which was posed to both blacks and whites. The white interviewees seemed like they did not mind the illegal immigration invasion, whereas it bothered many blacks. Such a difference in opinion may be because many blacks have to actively compete against illegal aliens for legitimate jobs, or they may be better-exposed to cultural differences, not to mention Mexican-gangs, in their immediate neighborhoods.

Bodeker also tells of an experience that he once had, where his teacher played a game to essentially indoctrinate his classmates and him to the liberal mindset by using a guilt-complex. It was certainly an interesting case that Bodeker experienced. Yet, even today, such antics are all too common in schools, essentially teaching children propaganda rather than the ability to think. In fact, it seems all too common that children today at schools are not taught to think for themselves, but rather to follow a narrow propagandistic viewpoint, and any deviation from such may result in the suspension or expulsion from school for daring to be politically incorrect.

And what is the final conclusion of the video? A dread-locked black, who is missing a few teeth, surmises: “Scientists have proved that we’re all the same.” Yet, after watching this video, perhaps one might gather up enough courage to ask the question of the century: “What proof really exists that we’re all the same, and could it not be true that there are some inherent differences among the races beyond skin color and politically correct perceptions?” The truth to the question is out there, but it must somehow be found among the tidal wave of propaganda saturating our “educational” facilities.