(Reuploaded because I checked the Anonymous button the first time and people suspected it was a virus. Sorry!)

Ever wonder about the meaning of life? Why we\'re here? What the Universe is all about?


You\'re not alone. There are millions of us out there. Just like you.


What if the Creator were to give you a \"college education\" about the nature of the Universe and answer some of your deepest questions, including explaining the true nature and structure of the Universe, how to perform magic and manifest physical things, the nature of time and space in relation to consciousness, and most importantly, the absolute answer of Who, In Fact, You Really Are?


You have found that book.


The force that expressed itself through Jesus, Buddha, Krishna, Mohammed, Edgar Cayce and other great avatars who served as channels for what is commonly referred to as \"God\" communicates again today as the world begins to enter a period of Spiritual Ascension with a new consciousness and awareness.

This force refers to itself as Cosmic Awareness and has been communicating for more than 40 years through several carefully trained channels. Cosmic Awareness dictated this book as a set of 144 carefully structured lessons that took over 10 years to create. They are designed to lead you, step by step, from where you are now to where you want to be.

This amazing information begins with Cosmic Awareness explaining what It is, how the Universe and humans were created, and leads you through birth, childhood, adulthood, magic, sex, death and far beyond into other dimensions and systems — explaining all of the mysterious \"Secrets of the Universe\" that everyone is looking for. It is some of the most relevant, fascinating and spiritually uplifting information ever released on Earth.


The book is divided into 12 chapters. Each chapter is about 60 pages long, for a total of 777 pages (including the Introduction and the Appendix). This is a massive book -- more than 400,000 words! We had to break it into individual chapters to make downloading more manageable. To download the book, Right Click the links for each chapter and Save Target As... to save each individual chapter to your hard disk -- or you can just click the link to read the PDF in your browser (and then you can save it to your hard disk from your browser after you read it).


The Introduction explains Cosmic Awareness and Its philosophy and includes a section called \"Cosmic Awareness Introduces Itself,\" in which Cosmic Awareness explains the actual mechanics of the creation of the the entire Universe and everything in it. This fascinating Introduction will give you a taste of the information to come...
 
Chapter 1: The Individual explains the nature of Cosmic Awareness and the Universe, how people develop their own individuality and how you can integrate that individuality for the coming spiritual ascension.

Chapter 2: Attachments shows you how to expand your identifications to enable you to move from where you are to where you want to be - a new lifestyle, a new attitude, a new perspective, a New You.

Chapter 3: Communication is all about how to communicate with one another on every level, gives a multitude of examples and shows how communication is essential for spiritual growth on this plane.

Chapter 4: Imagination is about the individual in relation to the setting and environment and explains the Universe as an energy form. This also includes information about the psychic body, layers of memory and layers of experience in terms of time and space. It explores the deeper realms of the imagination as it takes you on a trip back to the original \"Big Bang\" and formation and descriptions of other planets, systems and galaxies. 

Chapter 5: The Theater of Life lays out your entire life experience in a frame of reference of a grand play. All the world is a stage and you – and everyone else here – are all actors playing parts in this grand drama. These lessons lead you step by step from birth until the passing over, where the \"Theater Critics\" (your own Inner Self) review your past life\'s performance and decide how to proceed. 

Chapter 6: The Mind explores the nature of the order of the Universal Mind, the structure of your own mind, the effects of that order upon the structure of the Universe itself. Here is new understanding of how the mind works, from the moment of conception where one is given the breath of life, through each successive stage of development up to the final stage called \"Death.\" These stages are each fully described in each lesson and explain association, reflection, logic, and moving beyond identifications and experiential levels into levels of cosmic consciousness. 

Chapter 7: Harmony shows you how to find balance and harmony in your life through understanding the boundaries, fences, descriptions, rules, laws, confinements, writings, statements, arrangements - all of the agreements which define your and others\' possessions, rights, responsibilities, duties and freedoms, both here on Earth and on the Inner Planes of existence. Covers all facets of law, as well as Universal Laws and high-level personal contracts that go far beyond three dimensional reality as you know it. 

Chapter 8: Magic shows you how to perform true Magic. In this incredible series, Cosmic Awareness explains how the universe was created, how the original creators used magic to manifest everything (including planets), how this information was coded into the Bible in secret and how the secret code was unlocked and revealed. (Recently, the book and DVD called \"The Secret\" revealed some of this information, but it left out some critical key points that are important for positive results.) This chapter provides step-by-step instructions on how you can create miracles, magic and how to manifest the physical things you want on earth. 

Chapter 9: Truth explains the true nature of Truth - from every frame of reference. It is revealed how truth can exist and yet appear to be untrue and how untruths can be programmed by outside forces to appear to be true. Delves into the nature of truth, the pursuit of truth and the correct application of truth to help you flourish in your life and help others find happiness. 

Chapter 10: Structure describes the mind as a builder. The tools of creativity, blueprints, outlines for building, foundations, presentation and packaging and structuring process, classification systems, and balanced agreements with the public in the building process. It explains how alchemy and spiritual growth can satisfy the mental and emotional needs of an individual and follows the mind reaching its highest peak of recognition, going through changes, creating its own undoing, and then moving on to a new creation in a totally different realm.

Chapter 11: Value introduces you to \"The City of Life.\" It explains what creates true value, the properties of value, the communication of values and prejudices. It outlines the nurturing, expressing, refining and rediscovery of values and how they affect your life and the lives of those around you. 

Chapter 12: Integration describes the journey of the soul as the Prodigal Son. It explains the essence of the soul, the general movement of the soul toward growth and development, how communication, information, and nourishment of the soul affect the soul\'s growth. It explains the soul\'s expression and actual relationship to the Universal Soul, and outlines the transmutations all souls undergo throughout its development as it pursues its specific purpose. It ends with a conclusion by Cosmic Awareness summing up the circle of events and the journey of the soul from the beginning of its sojourn, to where it is now and what its ultimate goal is. 

The Appendix lists and explains all of the unalterable Universal Laws.

(This book is available on Amazon.com as a hard-copy physical book, but this e-book is copyright-free.)
