I am the player that has this problem with slow-pay. In fact it is not a slow-pay now it is a no-pay. Justin said in the video they have paid me around 600.000 USD, in fact they paid only slightly over 400.000 USD. And almost nothing in the last 3 moths. Thats the letter I sent to Justin, I can prove everything and betfair as far as I understand don\'t dispute the facts.
\"At the end of February (17.02 and 20.02) I withdrew overall 3.5 mln US dollars. Five months have passed since, however, all I actually received so far is just slightly more than 400.000 USD. I don’t have a clue when I get the rest of the amount and even whether or not I get the money at all. I suspect the latter is more likely.
Player \"anty\" wrote on SBR 

At the time my account was part of a master account. Several years ago the then Betfair manager Arthur Asatridis proposed to me this scheme and promised it would be \"quick and easy deposits and withdrawals\". It was indeed quick and easy with relatively small sums. But this 3.5 mln USD withdrawal became a farce almost from the start. At first I was by told that standard timeframe for such amounts for clients in Russia is \"one month\". Then PSP (Payment service providers - as Betfair managers prefer to call them, namely Irakli Kacharava and his business partner Vadim Sevryukov who was also my master account holder) promised the full payment in “two and a half months”. One month later I had a phone conference with 4 people: Betfair Chief Eastern European Manager Milena Ivanova, Betfair Russian Service Chief Yevgeny Ulanov, Kacharava and Sevryukov. They claimed \"logistics issues\" and promised me the full payment in 6 months’ time.
As I mentioned before, I received just slightly more than 400.000 USD so far. The pattern is clear: in the beginning they transferred money to my account regularly (not as much as it was agreed but at least I got something); in the last 3 months they paid only around 50.000 USD. In the last 3 weeks I received 3.000 USD. So you can imagine how long it will take me to get my money back within this “schedule”. The explanation they gave is that they are encountering some legal problems and therefore are not able to pay me now. Kacharava and Sevryukov of course promise that they will pay some day in the future. But I already heard hundreds of such promises from them, and none has been fulfilled.
And Betfair reaction? They advise me to “liaise with PSP”. But it does not make sense to liaise with people that are reluctant to disclose information. They don’t elaborate on their “problems”, they don’t present any documents, they don’t give any guarantees, nothing. I can’t trust such people despite Mr Ulanov describing them as “trustworthy guys”. Mr Ulanov also advised me not to publish this story. While Mr Kacharava even threatened me with “ bad consequences” for me if go public. I wonder what he means. I am not getting money anyway…\"

 
http://forum.sbrforum.com/sportsbooks-industry/1180128-betfair-3-1-million-slow-pay-other-pro-player-issues-video.html