The Cleaner

Jonathan Quinn is a professional cleaner. His job? Nothing too violent, just disposing of bodies, doing a little cleanup if necessary. But in Brett Battles\' electrifying debut novel, Quinn\'s latest assignment will change everything, igniting a harrowing journey of violence, betrayal, and revenge.

The job seemed simple enough: investigating a suspicious case of arson. But when a dead body turns up where it doesn\'t belongΓΓé¼ΓÇ¥and Quinn\'s handlers at \"the Office\" turn strangely silentΓΓé¼ΓÇ¥he knows he\'s in over his head.

The Cleaner
UK
With only a handful of clues, Quinn scrambles for cover, struggling to find out why someone wants him dead . . . and if it\'s linked to a larger attempt to wipe out the Office.

His only hope may be Orlando, a woman from his past who\'s reluctant to help but who may hold the key to solving the case. Suddenly the two are prying into old crimes, crisscrossing continents, struggling to stay alive long enough to unbury the truth. But as the hunt intensifies, Quinn is stunned by what he uncovers: a chilling secret . . . and a brilliantly orchestrated conspiracyΓΓé¼ΓÇ¥with an almost unimaginable goal.

Furiously paced, filled with superbly drawn characters and pitch-perfect dialogue, The Cleaner puts a powerful twist on all our expectations as it confirms Brett Battles\' place as one of the most exciting new talents in suspense fiction today.

---------------------

I couldn\'t find a pdf of this great book anywhere, so once I finally found a txt doc while trolling I felt I should upload for your reading pleasure :)

Make sure to check out the following two installments in the Jonathan Quinn series: The Deceived and Shadow of Betrayal. The fourth installment entitled The Silenced will be released on April 5, 2011.

If you enjoy Brett Battles\' novels, please purchase them. I personally own all three installments and will be picking the fourth up the day it hits shelves. For convenience sake though, it is nice to have a pdf you can read on your phone or e-reader :D		

---------------------

Re-uploaded with better format. Same file but now the words aren't broken; it is much easier to read now.