One of the earliest recordings from Bob Dylan, this album consists of two sessions in 1961 of the vagabond Bob Dylan rummaging around New York trying to make a name for himself. In conclusion, before he ever had a recording contract. I particularly enjoy the version of "Fixin' to Die" on this recording, love that early, gritty Dylan sound.

The first session is a series of home recordings at fellow folk enthusiast's Sid Gleason's home, while the second is a concert put up for Dylan by Izzy Young at the Carnegie Chapter Hall.

A must have for any Dylan fans, let's you truly see how he progressed through the years and what the roots of his folk style are (all the songs are pretty much covers, he didn't really start writing songs for another two years).

Recorded on vintage 50's equipment, so quality ranges from "Good" to "Average". Definitely not horrible, but not up par to studio quality (naturally)

Could not find the FLAC fingerprints, so I apologize to our audiophiles...

You can change the .nfo file into a .txt file if you are unsure on how to open a .nfo file (though you can always download "DAMN nfo" for free online).

Will be seeding this forever, though my PC will not always be on so if the seeds die, just wait until a point in the day that I am actually online, it's not dead (though, I should count on you folks to seed, too)!

Onto the Upload Details:


Bob Dylan

Dylan's Root(s)

Source: East Orange & Chapter Hall Tracks [1961] 

Released: 1991

Audio Type: FLAC

Quality: Good to Average

Track Listing:

East Orange Recordings (February-March 1961):
1. San Francisco Bay Blues (Jesse Fuller)
2. Jesus Met The Woman At The Well (Trad)
3. Gypsy Davey (Trad-Guthrie arr)
4. Pastures Of Plenty (Woody Guthrie)
5. Trail Of The Buffalo (Trad-Guthrie arr)
6. Jesse James (Trad)/Car Car (Woody Guthrie)/Southern Cannonball (Jimmie Rodgers)/Bring Me Back My Blue-Eyed Boy (Trad)
7. Remember Me (Scott Wiseman)

Chapter Hall Concert (November 4, 1961):
8. Pretty Peggy-O (Trad arr Dylan)
9. In The Pines (Leadbelly)
10. Gospel Plow (Trad)
11. 1913 Massacre (Woody Guthrie)
12. Backwater Blues (Bessie Smith)
13. Young But Daily Growin' (Trad)
14. Fixin' To Die (White)


Bob's Boots Review (http://www.bobsboots.com/CDs/cd-d41.html):
A wonderful 'must-have' CD for anyone interested in the beginnings of a legend.
It contains  the complete circulating tapes of  two historic 1961 recordings.
There is an 8 page booklet that is included in the set that lists the tracks,
and gives historical information of the two recordings in  English, French, Italian,
and German. The english page can be seen here (http://www.bobsboots.com/CDs/d-41i.jpg).
The CD itself is silk-screened with the image on the front of the booklet. Highly recommended. 		