The Rookie (1990 film) - - Rookie – Der Anfänger, mit Clint Eastwood and Charlie Sheen

DVD-Rip
Audio: English 5.1, German, Spanish
Subtitles: Swedish, English, German, Spanish, Norwegian, Danish, Finnish, Portuguese, Hebrew,Polish, Greek, Czech, Turkish, Hungarian, Icelandic, Croatian, French, Italien

Rookie – Der Anfänger 
Originaltitel The Rookie 
Produktionsland USA 
Originalsprache Englisch 
Erscheinungsjahr 1990 
Länge 116 Minuten 
Altersfreigabe FSK 18 
Stab 
Regie Clint Eastwood 
Drehbuch Scott Spiegel, Boaz Yakin 
Produktion Howard G. Kazanjian, Steven Siebert, David Valdes 
Musik David Valdes 
Kamera Jack N. Green 
Schnitt Joel Cox 
Besetzung 
Clint Eastwood: Nick Pulovski
Charlie Sheen: David Ackerman
Raul Julia: Strom
Sonia Braga: Liesl
Tom Skerritt: Eugene Ackerman
Lara Flynn Boyle: Sarah
Xander Berkeley: Blackwell
Tony Plana: Morales
Paul Ben-Victor: Little Felix
Joel Polis: Lance
 


The Rookie (1990 film)

Plot:
Nick Pulovski and his partner, Powell, are assigned to the case of taking down the criminal empire of a German felon, Strom, who engages in grand theft auto and chop shop operations. During an encounter with Strom and his men, who are loading a semi-trailer truck with stolen cars, Powell is murdered. Pulovski, despite efforts to catch the criminals on the highway, ends up losing them.

Consequently, Pulovski is removed from the case by his superior, Lt. Raymond Garcia, and given a new partner, David Ackerman, a young officer recently promoted, who has continual nightmares and is plagued by guilt over his brother\'s death, believing it was his fault as a child. Against regulations, Pulovski and Ackerman start investigating the Strom case. Pulovski tracks down a man working for Strom named Morales, whom he forces to cooperate. Morales, under Pulovski\'s instructions, manages to plant a two-way radio inside Strom\'s house without getting caught, but is still murdered later on by Strom\'s companion Liesl. Feeling pressured by the authorities, Strom deduced that there was a connection between Morales and another one of his operatives named Little Felix. Unbeknown to Strom earlier, Little Felix had also been secretly working as an informant for Pulovski regarding the disclosure of his illegal activities at his wrecking yards.

Through the listening device, Pulovski and Ackerman learn that Strom is planning to leave the country after robbing a local casino of two million dollars. Strom\'s men set off smoke bombs inside the casino and capture the general manager, Alphonse (Anthony Alexander), forcing him to open the vault for them. Inside the vault however, are Pulovski and Ackerman, who had conspired with Alphonse to capture Strom. Yet Liesl, knowing of Ackerman\'s naïvete, dares him and distracts Pulovski long enough for Strom to pin the detective down to the floor. Liesl shoots Ackerman in the back; although he is not injured due to his bulletproof vest. But moments later, one of Strom\'s men, Cruz (Pete Randall), discovers that the vault is empty. With police surrounding the building, Strom takes Pulovski hostage and demands the two million dollars as a ransom.

In trying to determine Pulovski\'s whereabouts, Ackerman tracks down one of Strom\'s henchmen named Loco. Loco, however, manages to elude Ackerman following a violent encounter with him at a dry cleaners where Little Felix is also found murdered. Ackerman then decides to turn to his father Eugene, for help in securing the ransom money, which he reluctantly agrees to. While at his father\'s office, Ackerman\'s girlfriend Sarah (Lara Flynn Boyle), informs him over the phone that Lt. Garcia is at their house waiting to interrogate him. Just then, Ackerman is visited by two detectives, who claim that Garcia is at headquarters and has sent them to retrieve him over his alleged forbidden involvement in the Strom case. Ackerman suddenly realizes that there is only one person capable of impersonating Garcia; Loco, with Ackerman\'s badge which he acquired by stealing it from him during a previous encounter at a bar. Ackerman evades the detectives and races home on a borrowed motorcycle. During an ensuing physical confrontation between the two men, Sarah grabs Ackerman\'s gun and kills Loco. Ackerman is distraught, as he needed Loco alive to tell him where Pulovski is being held captive. However, Ackerman later notices Loco\'s car outside their door, a bizarrely colored Lotus, which he and Pulovski spotted earlier at a warehouse in which one of Strom\'s mechanics, Max, was working on.

After killing Max in a struggle within an elevator shaft, Pulovski is rescued by Ackerman. The pair escape the warehouse by driving a Mercedes convertible through a wall and Pulovski quotes a Mercedes Benz commercial, Engineered like no other car and later capture Cruz, whom Strom sent to collect the ransom. As the group arrives at the airport, Cruz gives Strom the money and is murdered. Pulovski and Ackerman open fire at the scene as a situation is created where one of Strom\'s men, Blackwell, in charge of flying him out of the country aboard a private jet, is killed following a collision with a commercial airliner. Ackerman later pursues Liesl into the airport and kills her, while Pulovski attempts to shoot Strom during his own chase, but ends up out of ammunition. Strom shoots Pulovski, and prepares to kill him when Ackerman arrives, and shoots Strom. Seriously injured, Strom collapses onto a luggage conveyor belt. Pulovski climbs on, and to avenge Powell and end the homicide spree there, kills him despite Strom\'s requests for medical attention. Sometime later, Pulovski, Ackerman and Garcia have been promoted. Ackerman is now a detective and Pulovski the new Lieutenant (Garcia\'s new position is left unrevealed). Pulovski introduces Ackerman to another \"rookie\" cop, Playboy hottie Heather Torres (Roberta Vasquez), as his new partner.







Rookie – Der Anfänger (The Rookie) ist eine US-amerikanische Actionkomödie von Clint Eastwood aus dem Jahr 1990.


 

Der Polizist Nick Pulovski, der sich mit Autodiebstählen beschäftigt, gilt als nicht besonders erfolgreich. Er kommt jedoch dahinter, dass Strom zahlreiche Autodiebstähle organisiert. Der Partner von Pulovski wird getötet, der Anfänger David Ackerman wird ihm als neuer Partner zugewiesen. Ackerman wurde erst kürzlich zum Polizeidetektiv befördert. Er ist seit dem Tod seines Bruders in der Kindheit – wofür er sich verantwortlich fühlt – traumatisiert. Nun muss Ackerman lernen – ob er will oder nicht – wie man mit Killern fertig wird.

Obwohl der Mordfall dem Morddezernat übergeben wurde, ermittelt Pulovski in dieser Angelegenheit – entgegen der Meinung seines Partners – gegen Strom. Als die beiden Polizisten ihn bei einem versuchten Kasinoüberfall stellen wollen, wird Pulovski von den Verbrechern als Geisel genommen und Ackerman überlebt nur dank einer kugelsicheren Weste. Ackerman wird suspendiert, sucht jedoch im Alleingang nach seinem Partner und kann ihn retten.

Im Finale jagen Pulovski und Ackerman Strom und seine Geliebte auf einem Flughafen und durch das Abfertigungsgebäude. Sie trennen sich und verfolgen jeweils einen der Verbrecher. Ackerman tötet die Gangsterbraut per Kopfschuss, obwohl er sie zuvor bereits kampfunfähig geschossen hat. Anschließend rettet er Pulovski, der kurz davor steht von Strom getötet zu werden. Dieser tötet darauf den bereits überwältigten Strom ebenfalls per Kopfschuss.

Am Filmende ist Pulovski befördert und der neue Leiter der Polizeiabteilung; Ackerman, jetzt kein Anfänger mehr, bekommt als neuen Partner eine junge Polizistin zugeteilt.

Kritiken Jack Sommersby schrieb auf efilmcritic.com, ein paar Momente seien „nett schrullig“, aber ansonsten sei der Film „nicht aufregend“, „langweilig“ und „formelhaft“.

Hintergrund Der Film wurde in Los Angeles, in San José und in Saratoga gedreht.


 - aus Wikipedia, der freien Enzyklopädie
 