No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnassasary regestry changes,
This makes a portable version a better version.


Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 offers you the perfect mix of features
to manage, edit, present and optimize your digital pictures. The
program provides you with a quick and straightforward management
of your photo collection including options to create groups, tag
pictures and put together virtual picture albums. Assign for
example the name of your last travel destination (tagging) to
your holiday pictures. This way you can later find all pictures
you took at that destination very fast.

Be creative and edit your digital pictures according to your
wishes. Optimize photos with one click, remove red eyes or use
different effects, like color changes, for your image editing.
Turn your most beautiful images into oil paintings, create a
calendar with your own pictures or a personal invitation with a
funny picture of the last party.

Of course, Version 9 of the Ashampoo Photo Commander offers lots
of new features and improvements. Among other features there is
the new dual-view modefor the comparison of an original picture
and that picture while editing. Additionally, the optimization
tools and video functions were improved, new effects were added
and lots more. When handling your digital pictures you┬ΓÇÖll never
want to do without Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 again.

Software Highlights:

Miniature view with grouping function
With the grouping function in the improved miniature view you
can get a better overview of your pictures by filtering them
according to certain terms (tags), model of the camera, file
format etc.

Tagging
You can now tag your photos, this means that you assign certain
terms to your photos. These will be saved to the IPTC meta data
and simplify for example the detection or grouping of pictures.

Batch processing
Batch processing significantly reduces the amount of effort
when editing photos. You can convert several pictures into a
new format at once or apply effects to a bunch of pictures.

Editing and optimization of photos
In the quick-fix mode you can optimize a photo with one click,
adjust contrast and colors, add effects, resize the photo,
remove red eyes etc.
Furthermore, objects such as speech bubbles, shapes or arrows,
can be added in the editing mode.

HTML albums, slideshows, collages┬ΓÇª
Stunning HTML albums, slideshows (with music), collages,
calendars, frames for pictures, greeting cards, photo mixes
and TIFF multi pages of your pictures can be created in next to
no time.

Audio and video
Audio and video collections can be managed just as easily as
picture collections. Additionally, the program offers an
integrated playback function so that you can play all your
multimedia files with Ashampoo Photo Commander 9.

Burn discs, send e-mails and create PDFs
With just a few clicks photos can be burned on CD, DVD or
Blu-ray Disc, send in an e-mail or be exported as PDF.

Import from cameras and scanners
With the import tool you can select and import pictures
directly from your digital camera or a scanner. This tool also
enables the automatic rotation of photos, if the digital camera
provides this information.

Skins and plug-ins
Use the included skins to give your Ashampoo Photo Commander 9
a personal look. Plug-ins for handling additional file formats
are supported.

DETAILS:

More fun with your digital pictures

Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 is the ideal companion for all
management, optimization and editing processes concerning your
digital photos. The miniature view in the user interface allows
you to get an overview of your photo collection or rather photos
in a folder. Of course, you can also sort your photos according
to date and time when the photo was taken (┬ΓÇ£calendar overview┬ΓÇ¥)
or you can filter the photos according to different criteria,
e.g. only .jpg files, not older than two month or tagged with a
certain term.

Not only pictures, but also audio and video collections are
neatly displayed. Photos can be grouped differently or compiled
in a virtual album for further editing. Batch processing allows
you to select several pictures for editing, e.g. convert them
into a different format.

The editing and quick-fix modes in Ashampoo Photo Commander 9
are designed clearly and intuitively so that you can give free
rein to your creativity and experiment with effects and
functions. It┬ΓÇÖs easy to rotate pictures, adjust horizontal
nonalignment, crop images, remove red eyes and lots more. With
just a click photos can be optimized or changed using effects,
e.g. inversion, pixelization or outlining of contours.

Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 also offers you several cool features
to present your photos. Create for example a slideshow or an HTML
album in order to show your photos to family and friends.
Collages as well as greeting cards or calendars are easily
produced in next to no time.

Moreover, Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 enables you to make
screenshots, scan images as well as print photos, send them by
e-mail or burn them on a disc.

New features and improvements

Version 9 of the Ashampoo Photo Commander comes with many new
features and improvements. The new grouping functions provide
better overview and management of photos. The dual-view mode
enables the direct comparison between original and edited photo.
With the help of the IPTC wizard it┬ΓÇÖs easy to index pictures with
terms (tagging) so that they can be filtered and grouped by those
terms. Several new editing tools, functions and effects for
photos and videos as well as extensive improvements make the
editing, optimization and organization of your digital pictures
as well as the handling of audio- and video files even easier.

New features and improvements in detail

Extended interface
Improved overview of miniatures with grouping functions
During import, photos can be automatically placed into
subfolders that are created based on the ┬ΓÇ£date taken┬ΓÇ¥ (EXIF
data) information
Tagging and improved IPTC support
Virtual albums are imported and exported quickly and easily
M3U and MFAList files are automatically imported as albums
Improved quick-fix mode with automatic ┬ΓÇ£red eye┬ΓÇ¥ detection,
improved eraser tool and lots more
Dual-view mode for the comparison of photos during editing
New miniature effect for the transformation of photo objects to
look like miniatures
New sharpen and blur effect techniques that can be used in
different areas of the program
New improved editing mode with objects
Improved playback of videos, especially for videos with the HD
MPEG4 file format
Video files can be easily rotated during playback
Improved wizards for calendars, collages and batch processing
Touch screen support for Windows 7
Easy import and export of program settings in a single file

Requirements:

Operating System:
Windows┬« XP, Windows Vista┬«; Windows┬« 7
For users of Windows┬« XP we recommend Service Pack 2 or later.

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems. You
need a graphic-card with a resolution of at least 1024 x 768.
Furthermore the program requires a mouse or a compatible
pointing device and optional a CD- or DVD-Recorder for the
production of Photo-CDs resp. Photo-DVDs.

RAM and disk space:
Min. 256 MB RAM, Hard Disk Space 160 MB

Software:
To send files by e-mail you need a MAPI-compatible e-mail
client like MS Outlook, MS Outlook Express or Mozilla
Thunderbird.
To create PDF-files you need to have acrobat reader installed
on your computer.

For More Info on Ashampoo Photo Commander 9 Visit:  
http://www.ashampoo.com/frontend/products/php/product.php?
session_langid=2&idstring;=1218
