	
P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D

Two Worlds II: Castle Defense RIP

Release Date  :  12/06/2011                Protection  :  Serial  Activation
Release Type  :  RIP 21x5.00MB            Company    :  Zuxxez Entertainment

Release Notes

While the bloody battle between Gandohars troops and the armies of
the Orcs is raging in front of the gates of Oswaroth, the emperor
waits in the depths of his palace on the outcome of the struggle for
power. However, he does not know that an elite troop of Orcs, led by
Rogdor, is making its way through secret paths into the fortress and
is now close to the portals of the throne room...

Use the one-time opportunity to slip into the role of the Emperor
Gandohar and his henchman Sordahon These villains from the "Two
Worlds" universe are now playable for the first time ever in this
strategy game, thus opening an entirely new perspective into the
fantastic world of Antaloor. Using foresight and skill, you must
defend abandoned ruins, dark forests and winding catacombs against the
onrushing Orcs. Ward off each attack with clever tactics and weaponry,
defending Gandohar's throne in the Oswaroth fortress Are you ready to
break the high score, meeting the ultimate Castle Defense challenge
against online opponents from around the world?

Features:

Comprehensive campaign mode provides long lasting game motivation

Short-term fun in the Arena mode including five different adventures

Content based on both "Two Worlds" role-playing games

Different regions, such as ruins, forests or catacombs

Two playable characters with special attacks such as Fire Damage
or Ice Bomb

Six different, upgradeable combat units such as Magicians or Rangers

Dozens of different types of enemies in over 20 independent classes

Advanced unit management with a variety of powers

Huge game world with up to 50 units on the screen simultaneously

Individual graphics and sound settings for PC and Mac possible

Atmospherically dense soundtrack varies with each individual level

Thrilling online high-score hunting in Campaign and Arena modes

RIPPED: Nothing

Install Notes

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Install by running setup bat
3. Start game with TW2CD.exe
4. Enjoy

Additional Notes:

Add "127.0.0.1      secure.zuxxez.com" to your "hosts" file and/or
block TW2CD.exe in your firewall

When u run it for the first time, choose phone activation and type
XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX as serial.

Remember to support quality games

Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition

" Prepare to be Unleashed "