TV : Drama : DVD quality : English

Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy with English subtitles

In 1979, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy was adapted to television as a seven-part series for the BBC, featuring Alec Guinness as George Smiley, of the SIS; the initial broadcast coincided with the British Government announcing that Anthony Blunt, the Keeper of the Queen's Pictures, was one of the Cambridge Five traitors. In the United States, the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) broadcast it as part of its "Great Performances" series, introduced by the Canadian journalist Robert MacNeil, who explained the workings of SIS.

The title credits feature a matryoshka doll progressively revealing a doll more irate than the previous, with the final doll being faceless, an allusion to Winston Churchill’s describing Russia as “A riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma”; analogously, the literary George Smiley concludes that only Karla saw the last doll in the British traitor. The closing credits music, an arrangement of Nunc dimittis ("Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace") from the Book of Common Prayer (1662), was composed by Geoffrey Burgon for organ, trumpet and treble; the score earned the Ivor Novello Award for 1979.

In the United States, subsequent syndicated broadcasts and DVD releases compressed the seven British episodes into six, in which scenes were shortened and the narrative sequence altered. In the British original, Smiley visits Connie Sachs before Peter Guillam's burglary of the Circus, while the US version reverses the sequence of these events.

Cast:

George Smiley — Alec Guinness
Peter Guillam — Michael Jayston
Oliver Lacon — Anthony Bate
Toby Esterhase — Bernard Hepton
Bill Haydon — Ian Richardson
Jim Prideaux — Ian Bannen
Ricki Tarr — Hywel Bennett
Percy Alleline — Michael Aldridge
Roy Bland — Terence Rigby
Control — Alexander Knox
Mendel — George Sewell
Connie Sachs — Beryl Reid
Jerry Westerby — Joss Ackland
Ann Smiley — Siân Phillips
Roddy Martindale — Nigel Stock
Karla — Patrick Stewart
Sam Collins — John Standing
Tufty Thessinger — Thorley Walters
Molly Purcell — Mandy Cuthbert
Alwyn — Warren Clarke
Irina — Susan Kodicek
Fawn — Alec Sabin
Boris — Hilary Minster
Polyakov — George Pravda
“Jumbo” Roach — Duncan Jones
Mrs Pope Graham — Pauline Letts
Headmaster — John Wells
Lauder Strickland — Frank Moorey
Bryant — Frank Compton
Alisa Brimley — Marjorie Hogan
Paul Skordeno — Joe Praml

Specs:

290 min / UK:350 min (7 parts)
Country: UK
Language: English
Subtitles: English
Color: Color
Aspect Ratio: 1.33 : 1 more
Sound Mix: Mono

Episode list (SPOILERS):

Episode 1: Return to the Circus
Original Air Date—10 September 1979
Retired espionage veteran George Smiley is called out on a top secret mission: to uncover a Soviet agent within MI6's echelons.

Episode 2: Tarr Tells His Story
Original Air Date—17 September 1979
A British agent, who was thought to have defected, resurfaces with sensational information - confirmation of a Russian spy mole existing in the Service.

Episode 3: Smiley Tracks the Mole
Original Air Date—24 September 1979
The investigation begins, with Peter Guillam burgling the archives for information, while Smiley visits an old comrade whose past knowledge could prove vital to locating the spy.

Episode 4: How It All Fits Together
Original Air Date—1 October 1979
While Guillam and Tarr come under pressure, Smiley recounts his one meeting with the Soviet master spy Karla, who is undoubtedly running the spy inside MI6.

Episode 5: Tinker Tailor
Original Air Date—8 October 1979
Smiley goes to meet Jim Prideaux who is now back in Britain having survived his experience in Czechoslovakia. His testimony and that of others sheds new light on the "Testify" fiasco and source "Merlin".

Episode 6: Smiley Sets a Trap
Original Air Date—15 October 1979
Smiley confronts one of his suspects and gives him the results of his investigations, which could prove a considerable embarrassment to those concerned.

Episode 7: Flushing Out the Mole
Original Air Date—22 October 1979
Smiley springs his trap and catches the spy. He later interrogates the spy and learns about how and why it happened, and the answers he gets robs him of any sense of victory.

File list:

Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 1 - Return To The Circus.avi 351.20 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 1 - Return To The Circus.srt 33.26 KB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 2 - Tarr Tells His Story.avi 350.18 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 2 - Tarr Tells His Story.srt 38.58 KB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 3 - Smiley Tracks The Mole.avi 351.14 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 3 - Smiley Tracks The Mole.srt 41.92 KB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 4 - How It All Fits Together.avi 350.04 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 4 - How It All Fits Together.srt 33.28 KB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 5 - Tinker Tailor.avi 351.11 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 5 - Tinker Tailor.srt 34.82 KB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 6 - Smiley Sets A Trap.avi 350.01 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 6 - Smiley Sets A Trap.srt 34.40 KB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 7 - Flushing Out The Mole.avi 350.05 MB
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - 7 - Flushing Out The Mole.srt 30.17 KB



Enjoy and Seed!!