The Beat Goes On is the second album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge, released in early 1968. There aren't any real songs on this album; rather, it's a sound collage featuring just about anything and everything to make it interesting: the voices of world leaders past and present, the band reciting pre-written mantras and reflections, and excerpts of songs (done Vanilla Fudge style) by The Beatles and Sonny Bono.

The group was at odds with their producer George Shadow Morton during this album's recording sessions, as Morton made his own concept album without significant input from the band. In the liner notes to the Sundazed Records 1990's CD reissue of the album, the band denounces it as a failed experiment on their producer's part. Vanilla Fudge's third album Renaissance, which was released quickly after The Beat Goes On, would be Morton's last collaboration with the band.

While not as successful as their debut album, The Beat Goes On was a moderate hit despite the band's reservations, peaking at no.17 on the Billboard album charts in March 1968. (wikipedia)

- - -

Vanilla Fudge - The Beat Goes On 1968
(Repertoire Records/Atco 1992)

 1. Sketch 
 2. Phase one - Intro: The beat goes on 
 3. Eighteenth century:
    Variations on a theme by Mozart
    Divertimento no. 13
    Nineteenth century: Old black Joe
    Twentieth century: Don't fence me in
    12th Street rag
    In the mood 
    Hound dog 
    I want to hold your hand 
    I feel fine 
    Day tripper 
    She loves you 
 4. Phase two - The beat goes on 
 5. Beethoven: Für Elise & Moonlight sonata 
 6. The beat goes on 
 7. The beat goes on 
 8. Phase three - Voices in time: 
    Neville Chamberlain
    Winston Churchill
    Franklin Delano Roosevelt
    Harry S. Truman
    John F. Kennedy and other voices 
 9. Phase four - The beat goes on: 
10. Merchant 
    The game is over (Vinnie)
    Merchant
    The game is over (Tim) 
    Merchant 
    The game is over (Carmine) 
    Merchant 
    The game is over (Mark) 
    Merchant 
11. The beat goes on 


Carmine Appice - drums, vocals
Tim Bogert - bass, vocals
Vince Martell - guitar, vocals
Mark Stein - lead vocals, keyboards

Produced by George Shadow Morton
