Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Inferno is the seventeenth album by the British band Motörhead. Released in 2004, it features some heavy tracks (like "Terminal Show" and "In the Name of Tragedy"), but also some rock'n'roll tracks ("Killers", "Life's a Bitch"). "Whorehouse Blues" is an acoustic track, which reflects on the thirty years of Motörhead's existence. Guitarist Steve Vai plays on "Terminal Show" and "Down on Me". "In the Black" was featured in the video game Brütal Legend.

In November 2005, a special, 30th anniversary edition of Inferno was released with a bonus DVD, which contains 6 live tracks from the band's 30th anniversary show, a documentary and the "Whorehouse Blues" video.

Joe Petagno, long time sleeve artist for the band, offered these comments on the concept behind the album cover this time round:

    When I first decided to do the Inferno cover, I had the idea it should be Mars, the god of war. But I wanted to take the original three chrome heads I had created two years earlier and show it in the process of being formed at the foundry. Being poured, the molten metal, which goes through down the centre of the picture. It also formed the sword in the new logo. It's also an axis mundi, the centre of the world, which holds the whole Mars planet together. It's a circle, Mars is almost exploding. There are these soldiers coming in from the sides, which is very much like Iraq or any other hotspots in the world. At the same time as this Mars exploration shit was going on on TV... Great. Millions of people are dying, there's water on Mars, I'm so fucking happy. It came about because I was irritated about "Can't we just figure it out?"... all the hypocrisy yet again, all the bloodshed, all the stupidity... it's in that cover. It was kind of a comeback to the Overkill and taking a second shot at it, really.

Motörhead (pronounced /ˈmoʊtərhɛd/) are a British rock band formed in 1975 by bassist, singer and songwriter Ian Fraser Kilmister, known mostly by his stage name Lemmy, who has remained the sole constant member. The band pre-dated, but are sometimes regarded as part of, the New Wave of British Heavy Metal, which re-energised heavy metal in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Usually a power trio, Motörhead had particular success in the early 1980s with several successful singles in the UK Top 40 chart. The albums Overkill, Bomber, Ace of Spades, and particularly No Sleep 'til Hammersmith, cemented Motörhead's reputation as one of Britain's foremost rock bands.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/