Gone In 60 Seconds (with Nicolas Cage)

Short story: A retired car thief is back in business with the ultimate goal. Steal 50 cars within one night!!



Longer version:
Randall "Memphis" Raines (Nicolas Cage), a retired master car thief, is forced to return to Los Angeles, California and his former trade to steal 50 cars in 72 hours for British crime boss Raymond "The Carpenter" Calitri (Christopher Eccleston), who has a strange hobby of making wooden furniture, including coffins. Raymond is threatening to kill Memphis' younger brother, Kip (Giovanni Ribisi), in his car compactor, after Kip and his associates did not make the deadline to deliver the stolen cars. Memphis quickly reassembles his old crew including his mentor Otto (Robert Duvall), former girlfriend Sway (Angelina Jolie), former colleagues Donny (Chi McBride) and Sphinx (Vinnie Jones), and some of his younger brother's associates.
With LAPD Detective Roland Castlebeck (Delroy Lindo) and his partner, Detective Drycoff (Timothy Olyphant), breathing down his neck, Memphis decides to steal all the cars in one night to avoid tipping off the cops. Stealing the cars en masse the night before the deadline, Memphis is forced to change the plan midstream when he realizes Detective Castlebeck is onto them, deciding to steal three of the cars from the police impound lot.
Discovering the 'shopping list' from Kip's earlier job, Castlebeck predicts that Memphis will save one particular car, the 1967 Shelby Mustang GT 500, or codename "Eleanor", for last; Memphis had unsuccessfully tried to steal the car numerous times. When he catches Memphis in the act of stealing it, a high-speed chase ensues through Long Beach. This concludes with a high-speed jump over a traffic jam on the Vincent Thomas Bridge.
When Memphis arrives at Calitri's salvage yard with the final car, 12 minutes after the deadline, Calitri condemns Memphis for the poor condition of the car (the Shelby had sustained severe damage during the jump; its right rearview mirror was snapped and the front bumper broken in half), before deciding to have his henchmen kill Memphis. As a bonus, he decides to crush the Shelby in front of Memphis. (The car later escapes, severely damaged).
Memphis manages to break free of Calitri's henchmen with the help of his ally Attly Jackson (Will Patton) and Kip, and confronts Calitri himself. Calitri is interrupted from killing Raines by the arrival of Castlebeck, who has learned of Memphis' true reasons for pulling the job. Memphis manages to kill Calitri by pushing him over the railing of the third floor and breaks his neck, ironically on the cofffin he made which he was planning to put Memphis in after he was killed, just as he's about to shoot Detective Castlebeck. Castlebeck then lets Memphis go free for saving his life, and Memphis tells him where the stolen cars are.
The film ends at a barbecue held by Raines' crew in celebration of the success of the job. As a token of his gratitude, Kip presents Memphis with an old rusty Shelby GT500 for him to restore as his own. The film ends with Memphis and Sway driving 
off in the rusty Shelby GT500.



Cast

Nicolas Cage as Randall "Memphis" Raines
Giovanni Ribisi as "Kip" Raines
Angelina Jolie as Sara "Sway" Wayland
Robert Duvall as Otto Halliwell
Delroy Lindo as Det. Roland Castlebeck
Timothy Olyphant as Det. Drycoff
Will Patton as Atley Jackson
Chi McBride as Donny Astricky
Vinnie Jones as "Sphinx"


Another quality upload from AbAmerican. Please subscribe!

Enjoy!!