The only true real-time, full-3D MMORPG on Android: Join thousands of players.
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER!!! All Gameloft Games on Android at $0.99!! Modern Combat 3 will ALSO be on sale, but only for 24 hours. Follow us onorto know when Modern Combat 3 drops to $0.99. Meanwhile check out which other games we have on sale:
Asphalt HD:
Asphalt 6: Adrenaline HD:
BackStab HD:
Block Breaker 3 Unlimited HD:
Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus:
N.O.V.A. 2 HD:
9mm HD:
Diamond Twister 2:
UNO™:
Platinum Solitaire 3:
Cowboys & Aliens:
Texas Hold'em Poker 2:
Skee-Ball:
The Adventures of Tintin HD:
Assassin’s Creed® Revelations:
Driver San Francisco:
Immortals :
Where's Waldo Now?™:
Assassin's Creed™:
Midnight Bowling 2:
Platinum Sudoku®:
Order and Chaos Online is the only true real-time, full-3D MMORPG on Android: Join thousands of players.
Finally a true real-time, full-3D MMORPG comes to the Android: Explore a vast heroic fantasy world and join thousands of players in this massively multiplayer online experience that pushes the boundaries of epic!
** FREE 3-MONTH SUBSCRIPTION GRANTED at your first log in! You can then renew your allegiance for only $0.99/month, $1.99 for 3 months or $2.99 for 6 months! **
** A Wi-Fi connection and a Gameloft LIVE! account are required to play the game. **
WHO WILL YOU BE? 
Use the advanced character creation system to customize your hero:
• 4 races available: Elves and Humans fight for Order, Orcs and Undead for Chaos. 
• Choose your gender, appearance, class and talents. With over 1,000 skills and 2,000 pieces of equipment to discover, your adventure will not be over soon.
• Create up to 4 different characters to play.
INTERACT WITH THE COMMUNITY
• Make friends or enemies, trade, duel, communicate and more: a wide range of interactions makes each player a living part of this universe.
• Join a party or guild to become stronger and coordinate with your teammates, or you can choose to adventure solo, interacting with other players peacefully or otherwise...
THE WORLD IS YOURS
• Travel through the most majestic settings - from dark forests to deserts, jungles, mountains and more - on foot or by magical means. 
• Talk and interact with hundreds of characters to find over 500 quests to perform.
Be ready for some action with the famous iPhone game finally released for Android players. Fight many enemies and be ready to join & compete with iOS players in an upcoming update.
Enter the legend now!
Visit our homepage at www.gameloft.com.
Follow us on Twitter ator like us on Facebook atto get more info about all our upcoming titles.
Check out our videos and game trailers on
Discover our blog at http://blog.gameloft.com/ for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.
Contact us at onlinegames.support@gameloft.com for any problems you may have with this application.