   Super Meat Boy is a tough as nails platformer where you play as an       
   animated cube of meat who\'s trying to save his girlfriend (who happens   
   to be made of bandages) from an evil fetus in a jar wearing a tux.       
                                                                            
   Our meaty hero will leap from walls, over seas of buzz saws, through     
   crumbling caves and pools of old needles. Sacrificing his own well       
   being to save his damsel in distress. Super Meat Boy brings the old      
   school difficulty of classic NES titles like Mega Man 2, Ghost and       
   Goblins and Super Mario Bros. 2 (The Japanese one) and stream lines      
   them down to the essential no BS straight forward twitch reflex          
   platforming.                                                             
                                                                            
   Ramping up in difficulty from hard to soul crushing SMB will drag Meat   
   boy though haunted hospitals, salt factories and even hell itself. And   
   if 300+ single player levels weren\'t enough SMB also throws in epic      
   boss fights, a level editor and tons of unlock able secrets, warp        
   zones and hidden characters.                                             
                                                                            
   Story mode, featuring over 300 levels spanning 5+ chapters               
                                                                            
   Play as a Head Crab! (Steam Exclusive)                                   
                                                                            
   33 legitimate Achievements                                               
                                                                            
   Warp zones that will warp you into other games                           
                                                                            
   Over 16 unlockable able and playable characters from popular indie       
   titles such as, Minecraft, Bit.Trip, VVVVVV and Machinarium              
                                                                            
   Epic Boss fights                                                         
                                                                            
   Full Level Editor and Level Portal (January 2011)                        
                                                                            
   A story so moving you will cry yourself to sleep for the rest of your    
   life                                                                     
                                                                            
   -------------------------------------------------------------------      
                                                                            
   Update 1 information:                                                    
                                                                            
   - CRASH ON STARTUP Several Users reported crashes on Startup. An early   
   version of the Steam Install Script got uploaded by me that didn\'t       
   fully run DirectX, also I\'m not sure I had all the proper                
   prerequisites packed in the build. Either way, I have packed in          
   everything that should be needed for DX, as well as updated the          
   install script. Those who have already installed the game, I\'m not       
   sure this will help you...but if you are experiencing crashes on load    
   after you have downloaded the update. Simply Click Here and run the      
   DirectX Web Installer.                                                   
                                                                            
   - CRASHING DURING GAMPLAY AFTER ABOUT 3 LEVELS There was an error        
   where save games weren\'t saving, mainly because a folder was missing     
   in the installer, not sure why it got made on some builds and not        
   others, but it was the problem. This would cause grabbing bandage girl   
   to crash at random times as well as initial runs of the game to crash.   
   Those of you that had problems with the game starting even after the     
   install of DirectX, this could have been your problem. This issue has    
   been (As long as the update makes the folder) resolved.                  
                                                                            
   - STUCK RESOLUTIONS / INVALID MONITOR INPUT Users would get stuck in     
   resolutions that their monitors would not display. Not sure what is      
   causing this because I look at what the monitor can display, but         
   either way I made a work around. Users can now force resolution and      
   window settings to get the game to a working state where they can        
   adjust them further. The commands are as follows:                        
                                                                            
   -fullscreen force full screen mode                                       
   -windowed force windowed mode                                            
   -640x480 force 640 x 480 resolution                                      
   -800x600 force 800 x 600 resolution                                      
   -1024x768 force 1024 x 768 resolution                                    
                                                                            
   With windowed and fullscreen options, the game will default to the       
   last res that was tried, valid or no..so if you are having problems I    
   recommend following the steps below to fix it. (I\'m sure the majority    
   of you know how to do this, but for those that don\'t see below).         
                                                                            
   Go to Library, then Right Click on Super Meat Boy and go to Properties   
                                                                            
   Click on Set Launch Options                                              
                                                                            
   Fill in the options starting with dashes and separated by spaces in      
   the text field                                                           
                                                                            
   -NO BROWNIE OR DR FETUS BOSSES I\'m a moron and forgot to upload the      
   boss files for Dr. Fetus and Brownie. Players would play their stages    
   and see no bosses. I uploaded them now, they are in.                     
                                                                            
   -MENU CRASHES There were some menu bugs, mainly with the pause menu      
   and the character select menu in game. These have been fixed             
                                                                            
   PERFORMANCE ISSUES                                                       
                                                                            
   We have scaled the textures best we can. There are 3 modes available     
   to the command line. The gamedoes a miniprofile thing that determines    
   what resolution and texture detail you should be running at...but        
   sometimes this can be wrong. To help adjust performance issues you       
   have 3 options:                                                          
                                                                            
   -highdetail Highest detail                                               
   -meddetail Medium detail                                                 
   -lowdetail Lowest detail                                                 
                                                                            
   -lowdetail runs fine on a netbook. I have an Asus Aspire One. 1.6Ghz     
   Intel Atom, 1GB Ram, Integrated Intel GMA 950 inside. If I switch on     
   low detail, the game maintains a 50-60fps for most levels. It is very    
   playable with extremely small load times. My computer here, with an      
   NVidia 260, Q6600 Quad Core, 6GB Ram runs the game at like 400FPS        
   Un-VSynced. So that\'s basically you\'re range. Those are the two          
   computers I had available during development, so they represent high     
   end and low end.                                                         
                                                                            
   Speaking of VSync, the game needs to be V Synced. I can\'t stress this    
   enough. If you are experiencing Cutscenes running fast, or Meatboy       
   freaking out while standing still, just switch on VSync and you\'ll be    
   fine. This is something we cannot fix since Graphics Drivers can         
   choose to ignore developer settings. I tried artifically limiting the    
   framerate today and honestly I didn\'t like how it looked. It wasn\'t as   
   smooth as VSynced (obviously) so...just VSync it.                        
                                                                            
   If your game is running slow or you are having slow load times, just     
   do lowdetail and a lower resolution and you\'ll be fine. If my little     
   Aspire One running XP can do it, we can all do it:)                      
                                                                            
   [Small update on Load Times]                                             
   Thinking about it, the Atom has hyperthreading. I\'m betting people       
   with slow load times have single core non-hardward threaded              
   processors. I\'ll look into this.                                         
                                                                            
                                                                                   


   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running Super Meat Boy.exe
   3. Enjoy!
                     
                                                                            
   Additional Notes:                                                        
                                                                            
   Even though they fixed a lot of bugs, it\'s still very bugged. They       
   updated almost all game content, that\'s why it\'s a complete              
   pack of the original release.                                            
                                                                            
   Game require:                                                            
                                                                            
   Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x86)                  
                                                                            
   http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=9b2da534-3e03-43
   91-8a4d-074b9f2bc1bf&displaylang=en                                      
                                                                            
   Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x64)                  
                                                                            
   http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=bd2a6171-e2d6-42
   30-b809-9a8d7548c1b6&displaylang=en                                      
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            