              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                             Flight Control HD RIP                          
 



   Release Date  :  24/11/2010                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 15x5.00MB             Company     :  Firemint
 



   Release Notes:

   Control a never-ending stream of aircraft in this insanely addictive     
   worldwide hit from Firemint!                                             
                                                                            
   You're an air traffic controller at an increasingly busy airport; just   
   point and drag aircraft to their landing zones with your mouse or        
   trackpad. Sounds easy? It isn't! You'll need nerves of steel and smart   
   strategy to keep the chaos under control. Flight Control HD has been     
   especially redesigned for PC and Mac, with updated graphics and an       
   even tougher new challenge - the Steam exclusive Stunt map where you     
   can increase your score by flying through the gates before landing!      
                                                                            
   Flight Control HD is insanely addictive - easy to start, but             
   impossible to stop, so get it now and find out what everyone is raving   
   about!                                                                   
                                                                            
   Enjoy 9 maps of varying difficulty to suit players at all levels         
                                                                            
   Steam exclusive "Stunt" map for players looking for a challenge          
                                                                            
   Global leaderboards and rankings through Firemint's cloudcell.com        
   community site                                                           
                                                                            
   Fast-forward mode for advanced players                                   
                                                                            
   Retro styled graphics inspired by the golden era of aviation             
                                                                            
   Infinite replayability as you chase ever higher scores!                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 



   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-fchd.exe                                       
   3. Start game with flightControl_win32.exe                               
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Additional Notes:                                                        
                                                                            
   This game needs OpenAL and Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 x86 Redistributable.
   They can be found in folder OpenAL and VC_Redist                         
                                                                            
   Game does also have an OS_Check folder, so if you're on Windows XP,      
   run the bat file inside to check if your system is up to date to run     
   this game.                                                               
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            
 




     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 




                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! " 


Screenshots: 
http://image.bayimg.com/babniaadc.jpg 
http://image.bayimg.com/babnkaadc.jpg   

