Product Description
With iPhone Hacks, you can make your iPhone do all you'd expect of a mobile smartphone -- and more. Learn tips and techniques to unleash little-known features, find and create innovative applications for both the iPhone and iPod touch, and unshackle these devices to run everything from network utilities to video game emulators.

This book will teach you how to:


Import your entire movie collection, sync with multiple computers, and save YouTube videos
Remotely access your home network, audio, and video, and even control your desktop
Develop native applications for the iPhone and iPod touch on Linux, Windows, or Mac
Check email, receive MMS messages, use IRC, and record full-motion video
Run any application in the iPhone's background, and mirror its display on a TV
Make your iPhone emulate old-school video game platforms, and play classic console and arcade games
Integrate your iPhone with your car stereo
Build your own electronic bridges to connect keyboards, serial devices, and more to your iPhone without "jailbreaking"
iPhone Hacks explains how to set up your iPhone the way you want it, and helps you give it capabilities that will rival your desktop computer. This cunning little handbook is exactly what you need to make the most of your iPhone.


About the Author
David Jurick was tragically born a siamese twin. His twin happened to be a PC computer with a 1394a umbilical cord linking the two. Thus, he's been around computers for a considerable amount of time. He has extensive experience in such topics as networking, hardware, software, and HTML programming. He graduated high school in 2001, and then went on to pursue a degree at U.C. Santa Barbara. While in school he helped found the Kappa Sigma fraternity at U.C.S.B. In 2006 he graduated with a B.S. degree in pharmacology. He currently resides in Los Angeles, California.

Adam Stolarz is a writer, gadget-user, and gamer, who has been using and defending Apple products since his earliest technological memories. Before graduating high school in 2007, he worked in the field of in-car computers, dissecting and assembling carputers, and contributing to books about in-car hacking and internet video. As a tech-inclined Millennial, he has always kept a Mac laptop in his possession as the most stable, productive link in his computing chain, while keeping a PC as a lovable old crashable gaming machine. He is also an avid user of mobile information, maps, the web, communication, etc. He can't wait until his iPhone does every single thing his laptop can. He lives in Los Angeles, California.

Damien Stolarz is an inventor with a decade of experience making different kinds of computers talk to each other. After studying Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at UCLA, Damien co-founded Blue Falcon Networks (formerly Static Online, Inc.), where he supervised, architected and developed networking software for 7 years. He has written and spoken at conferences about Internet video, content delivery, and Peer-to-Peer networking, and created Robotarmy in 2002 to provide high-technology consulting in these areas.