File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:02:11

[Video]
Resolution : 600x480
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1887 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.22 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logo or titles.


"El Shaddai" is a Contemporary Christian music song. It was written by Michael Card and John Thompson, using direct quotes from scripture as their inspiration, and recorded by Michael Card on one of his first two albums. However, it is also commonly associated with the singer Amy Grant, who recorded it on her 1982 platinum album Age to Age.

The title comes a Judaic name of God, usually translated as "God Almighty". Approximately half the lyrics of the chorus are in the Hebrew language, which is rather unusual for a Contemporary Christian song. The recording was in the style of a performance ballad, but the song was subsequently published in some hymnbooks and is occasionally sung congregationally.

The song was a hit single for Grant, reaching the top ten of the Billboard Christian chart. "El Shaddai" won "Song of the Year" and Card won "Songwriter of the Year" at the 1983 GMA Dove Awards. It was also named one of the "Songs of the Century" by the RIAA in 2001.

Before releasing her album Behind the Eyes in 1997, Grant released a CD single of "Takes a Little Time", which featured a newly-recorded version of the song. Performed in an intimate setting, this version was notable for the solo violin used throughout the recording.This version has never been made available on any album or compilation.

Grant recorded another new version of the song for her 2005 album Rock of Ages...Hymns and Faith. "El Shaddai" has been covered by many contemporary Christian and gospel recording artists, including Pat Boone, Winans Phase 2 and Eden's Bridge. There also exist translated versions which combine Hebrew with other languages.

Amy Lee Grant (born November 25, 1960) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, author, media personality and occasional actress, best known for her Christian music. She has been referred to as "The Queen of Christian Pop". As of 2009, Grant remains the best-selling contemporary Christian music singer ever, having sold over 30 million units worldwide.

Grant made her debut as a teenager, and gained fame in Christian music during the 1980s with such hits as "Father's Eyes," "El Shaddai", and "Angels". During the 1980s and 1990s, she became one of the first gospel artists to cross over into mainstream pop on the heels of her successful albums Unguarded and Heart in Motion, the latter of which included the number-one singles "Baby Baby" and "Every Heartbeat".

Grant has won six Grammy Awards, 25 Gospel Music Association Dove Awards, and had the first Christian album ever to go Platinum. Heart in Motion is her highest selling album, with over five million copies sold in the United States alone. She was honored with a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2005 for her contributions to the entertainment industry.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/