

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


           Download the New - "Conspiracy Facts" Series                        
SIN-ister Secrets      
This is one of 3 NEW Series by GGHG



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


POtHS - Bible Study - Part 06 - Walter J Veith - ASALTO TOTAL Espanol



POtHS 2 - Bible Study - Part 06 - Walter Veith - ASALTO TOTAL Espanol


POtHS Comments on This one:     This is mucho good stuff.

Description: Asalto total suena la alarma a los eventos actuales que están progresando furtivamente hacia un momento decisivo y culminante. El mundo promueve una unidad en todas las confesiones, mientras que la Biblia promueve una unidad en una forma única para toda la gente. Con fuentes de referencia y examinación visual, el Dr. Walter Veith explica la filosofía impulsora, no fácilmente publicada, detrás de las organizaciones influyentes. ¡Las citas proporcionadas en esta exhibición preliminar de una hora de duración le despertará el apetito par ver más!

Este seminario es una completa experiencia del estudio de la Biblia. Debe ser visto en su totalidad para obtener el concepto completo que existe detrás de los engaños actuales de estos tiempos finales. En él se expone el asalto final de Satanás a Jesucristo y las mentiras que se nos están diciendo para mantenernos como peones en el último plan de Satanás para los tiempos del fin. Una serie reveladora como nunca antes la había escuchado. ¡Una gran herramienta que todo cristiano debería tener!

Acerca del Orador: Con una formación en zoología, ciencias biomédicas, e investigación en arqueología e historia, el profesor Walter J. Veith es un autor de fama mundial, científico y catedrático. Es orador internacional y ha hecho un estudio intensivo sobre la profecía bíblica y los acontecimientos mundiales de la actualidad. Sus conclusiones se presentan en esta serie de DVD que contiene 36 lecciones.


Quick Overview
El diablo está ejecutando un plan a profundidad para superar a Reino de Cristo. ¿Qué tiene que decir la profecía bíblica acerca de esta batalla, y cómo podemos evitar participar de la conspiracion de Satanás?

 Jesus Appears - coming 7-4-11.  Your Independence Day.[/size]


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


  
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                            Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                 End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                   Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                     Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                             Chuck Missler - USA                                           Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod              Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    







 
    