The new Ashampoo Burning Studio will keep all the advantages of its predecessor and adds multi-disc file backup, an integrated audio CD ripper and further improved support for the exciting new Blu-Ray format with capacities of up to 25 gigabytes per layer 
 Ashampoo Burning Studio focuses on what you want: To burn discs quickly, easily, with maximum quality and minimum hassle. It includes everything you need to be able to do that. And it excludes everything that could get in the way.

 Ashampoo Burning Studio is still totally simple and intuitive to use. We listened to your feedback, added the new functions you asked for and made a long list of corrections and changes. The result is a better, more powerful and more efficient CD, DVD and Blu-Ray burning application than ever before.

 A· Burn files and folders to CD/DVD/Blu-Ray and add files and folders to existing discs
 A· Multi-disc file backup and restore on CD/DVD/Blu-Ray with compression and password protection
 A· Create VideoCDs and Super VideoCDs
 A· Rip music from audio CDs to MP3, WMA and WAV files
 A· Create audio CDs from WAV, MP3, FLAC, WMA and Ogg Vorbis files
 A· Create MP3 or WMA CDs, DVDs and Blu-Ray discs or just copy music to CD, DVD or Blu-Ray
 A· Copy CDs, DVDs and Blu-Ray discs
 A· Create and burn disc images for CD, DVD and Blu-Ray
 A· Quickly erase any rewritable media
 A· Store disc images larger than 2GB on FAT32 file systems
 A· Interactive troubleshooting assistant for solving hardware and media problems
 A· Save project files so that you can burn the same discs again later

What's New in This Release:

Changes in 10.0.11:
 enhanced hardware acceleration
 fixed some minor bugs

 Windows 2K / XP / Vista / Vista64 / 7 / 7 x64
 A· Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed, graphic adapter min.resolution 800 x 600 and 16-bit High color, CD/DVD/BD-Writer.
 A· Recommended for best performance: DirectX 9 capable GPU with hardware pixel shader v2.0.
 A· CPU:1200 MHz (or higher) x86 CPU.
 A· RAM and disk space: 128 MB RAM
 A· Hard Disk Space 50 MB, additional space for image and temporary files (5 GB recommended).
 A· Recommended for best performance: 512MB RAM or more.
 A· Windows Media Player 9 or higher recommended
 A· DirectX 9.0c required for GPU acceleration.