Deathtrap (1982)

 
http://bayimg.com/paBonAaDe
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083806/


Deathtrap is a 1982 thriller film based on Ira Levin's play of the same name.

The cast includes Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth and Henry Jones. Real-life movie and theatre critics Stewart Klein, Jeffrey Lyons and Joel Siegel have cameo appearances as themselves.

  Michael Caine  ..............	Sidney Bruhl  
  Christopher Reeve  ..........	Clifford Anderson  
  Dyan Cannon  ................ Myra Bruhl  
  Irene Worth  ................ Helga ten Dorp  
  Henry Jones  ................	Porter Milgrim  
  Joe Silver  .................	Seymour Starger  
  Tony DiBenedetto  ...........	Burt - the Bartender  
  Al LeBreton  ................	Handsome Actor  
  Francis B. Creamer Jr. ......	The Minister (as Rev. Francis B. Creamer Jr.)  
  Stewart Klein  ..............	Himself  
  Jeffrey Lyons  ..............	Himself  
  Joel Siegel  ................	Himself  

Though the film did receive positive reviews, Cannon was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress for her performance.

Mad Magazine parodied the film as Deathcrap.

Many films never get the attention they truly deserve and in retrospect Sidney Lumet’s Deathtrap seems to be such an example. There is nothing spectacular about the film, no real blockbuster star power and nothing controversial. Although Michael Caine can certainly rank as a star in his own right at least in my personal book, Christopher Reeve unfortunately never managed to break away from his popcorn “Superman” image during his acting career. “Deathtrap’s” real strength lies in the story, the well thought-out cat-and-mouse story that keeps the viewer constantly guessing and climaxes in a insidious plot twist.

Staged and presented almost like a theater play itself, director Sidney Lumet’s film adaptation of Deathtrap is a wicked cat-and-mouse movie, and no matter what you think you know, the film will constantly prove you wrong. Nothing, absolutely nothing is the way it seems and every time the story will take one of its wild twists you will be either completely fixated on the screen, mesmerized by what just happened, or you will slap your forehead in exultation about the events. Either way, you will experience a film that is fresh, entirely unpredictable and funny at the same time. Many times this movie has reminded me of “Dirty Rotten Scoundrels” in its nature, its wickedness and its cleverly written, oftentimes unexpectedly dead-on dialogues. The film starts out a bit slow and is overly dialogue-laden in the beginning. Once you pass the 25-minute mark however it picks up speed considerably as the plot takes its first wild turns and hardly leaves the viewer enough time to recuperate from one twist to another.

The kissing scene between Sidney and Clifford is not in the original play. In his book The Celluloid Closet, gay film historian Vito Russo reports Reeve as saying that the kiss was booed by preview audiences in Denver, Colorado and estimating that a Time magazine report on the incident (which spoiled a key plot element) cost the film $10 million in ticket sales.


Encoding Information:

Source:		DVD
Codec:		Xvid
Bitrare:	1586 kbps
Video Size:	704 x 396 (16:9 Widescreen)
Format:		NTSC (23.976 fps)
Audio		MPEG-4 AAC 48000Hz 192 kb/s 2-ch stereo
Language:	English
Length:		1:56:13