

Aerosmith
Big Ones (1994)


           **Thanks and respect to "only1joe" for his previous upload!**


Known for an aggressively rhythmic style as rooted in James Brown funk as in traditional blues, Aerosmith were the top American hard-rock band of the mid-Seventies. After drug problems and internal dissension nearly destroyed the group, Aerosmith mounted a spectacular comeback in the 1980s. Despite a considerably more commercially slick and power-ballad oriented sound than they’d first emerged with, frequently drawing on outside songwriters, they managed to became even more popular the second time around.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock
Source:			Flac Conversion



Big Ones serves up the hits and nothing but the hits; Aerosmith's excellent debut for Geffen, Done with Mirrors, is conveniently overlooked. So what's left is some of the finest mainstream hard rock of the late '80s and early '90s -- the fruits of one of the most remarkable comebacks in rock & roll history. Unfortunately, there's precious little of the classic Aerosmith raunch; in fact, the two new tracks are the hardest, slinkiest tracks here. Otherwise, the up-tempo tracks bog down in over-production ("Love in an Elevator"), and the frequently embarrassingly overwrought power ballads ("Angel" and "Crazy") dominate too much of the album. So what's left? The band's best stab at social commentary ("Janie's Got a Gun"), a sublime slinky throwaway ("Deuces Are Wild"), deliciously sleazy blues-rockers ("Rag Doll," "[Dude] Looks Like a Lady"), and their best ballads ("What It Takes" and "Cryin'").


01.Walk On Water
02.Love In An Elevator
03.Rag Doll
04.What It Takes
05.Dude (Looks Like A Lady)
06.Janie's Got A Gun
07.Cryin'
08.Amazing
09.Blind Man
10.Deuces Are Wild
11.The Other Side
12.Crazy
13.Eat The Rich
14.Angel
15.Livin' On The Edge
16.Dude (Looks Like A Lady) (Live)


Cheers!