The Clash
The Essential Clash (2003)


The Sex Pistols may have been the first British punk rock band, but the Clash were the definitive British punk rockers. Where the Pistols were nihilistic, the Clash were fiery and idealistic, charged with righteousness and a leftist political ideology. From the outset, the band was more musically adventurous, expanding its hard rock & roll with reggae, dub, and rockabilly among other roots musics. Furthermore, they were blessed with two exceptional songwriters in Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, each with a distinctive voice and style. The Clash copped heavily from classic outlaw imagery, positioning themselves as rebels with a cause. As a result, they won a passionately devoted following on both sides of the Atlantic. While they became rock & roll heroes in the U.K., second only to the Jam in terms of popularity, it took the Clash several years to break into the American market, and when they finally did in 1982, they imploded several months later. Though the Clash never became the superstars they always threatened to become, they restored passion and protest to rock & roll. For a while, they really did seem like "the only band that mattered." 

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Grabber:		dBpoweramp Release 14
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock		
Source:			Web
Label:			Sony


Some would argue that if you only wanted two Clash discs in your collection, you should skip this 40-track overview and pick up The Clash and London Calling instead. No matter how transcendent those two albums are -- and they are among the very greatest popular music of the 20th century -- that overlooks the fact that the group had many, many great songs not on either album, including "Safe European Home," "Stay Free," "Bankrobber," "Rock the Casbah," "Straight to Hell," "This Is Radio Clash," and "Should I Stay or Should I Go," to begin with. That's where this 2003 compilation comes in. It fills in many of the gaps between those two records, while summarizing The Clash and London Calling well, providing a first-rate overview of the greatest punk band. It's not quite perfect, however: some great singles and B-sides fall through the cracks (notably "Gates of the West," "Jail Guitar Doors," "The Call Up," "Armagedion Time," "The Prisoner," "Protex Blue") and the Sandinista! selections feel nearly as haphazard as the album itself. Nevertheless, this does provide the best, most extensive and logical overview of the band yet assembled, and it's worthwhile not just as an introduction, but as a terrific listen.


Track List:


Disc One

01.White Riot
02.London's Burning
03.Complete Control
04.Clash City Rockers (Original Version)
05.I'm So Bored With The U.S.A.
06.Career Opportunities
07.Hate & War
08.Cheat
09.Police & Thieves
10.Janie Jones
11.Garageland
12.Capital Radio One
13.(White Man) In Hammersmith Palais
14.English Civil War
15.Tommy Gun
16.Safe European Home
17.Julie's Been Working For The Drug Squad
18.Stay Free
19.Groovy Times
20.I Fought The Law


Disc Two

01.London Calling
02.The Guns Of Brixton
03.Clampdown
04.Rudie Can't Fail
05.Lost In The Supermarket
06.Jimmy Jazz
07.Train In Vain (Stand By Me)
08.Bankrobber
09.The Magnificent Seven
10.Ivan Meets G.I. Joe
11.Police On My Back
12.Stop The World
13.Somebody Got Murdered
14.The Street Parade
15.This Is Radio Clash
16.Ghetto Defendant
17.Rock The Casbah
18.Straight To Hell
19.Should I Stay Or Should I Go
20.This Is England



Cheers!