INSTALLATION:
Use an Emulator to run the games.
Recommended: ePSXe 1.6 or 1.7

I have also uploaded the emulator to run this game on the following link:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6174621/ePSXe_1.7.0_%28with_working_gameshark__codebreaker__action_replay%29
----------
----------
----------

The Legend Of Dragoon:

GAMEPLAY:
The Legend of Dragoon features three modes of play: the world map, the field map, and battle mode. The world map is linear with the controlled character's movements, which is then limited to dotted lines from place to place. The field map is used whenever the player enters a town, dungeon, or landmark. It consists of 3D characters on a 2D pre-rendered background. Animations are overlaid to create motion such as the movement of water or light effects. Battle mode is a 3D field that compliments the current field map. Turn-based battles occur in this between playable characters and CPU-controlled enemies. Standard actions such as attack, magic, defend, item and escape are present and implemented in various ways.

ADDITIONS:
The Additions combat system was a new system that was implemented in The Legend of Dragoon which crossed a new boundary within turn based combat games. While new and challenging, the Addition system was criticized for requiring too much precision at times, especially later on near the end of the game where Additions became more complex and required more speed and hand-eye coordination. After a party member obtained a Dragoon Spirit, they would also gain Spirit Points (SP) from the successful completion of these Additions, which would allow them to use their Dragoon Spirits in battle.
Additions, like characters, could become stronger with repeated use, granting added benefits such as more damage or more Spirit Points gained per strike. All but two playable characters in the game can use Additions, with each character having varying speeds to their attacks, making their Additions harder or easier to execute than others.

ITEMS:
Items in The Legend of Dragoon are very similar to those found in other various RPGs. There are many items available to the player, each having their own use from healing potions to items that will cause damage during battles. These items can either be purchased from merchants within the game or can be found or dropped during battles that take place.
Like the Addition system, the item system did receive a unique change which set it apart from other games of its type. These items take the shape of various attack spells, with each spell having an element attached to it which may do more or less damage depending on what it is used on. These items can either target a single enemy or a group of enemies, with two archetypes which are single and multiplier items. Single items attack with a set power and do a set amount of damage varied by the type of enemy it is used on, whereas multipliers can be made more powerful by the player.
Also, you can only carry thirty-two items at a time with the sole exception to this being the Japanese version where you can carry a total of sixty-four at a time. The item pocket is capped at thirty-two items in all non-Japan versions because Pocketstation functionality was removed from every other version. This is significant because in the Japanese version, Pocketstation functionality allows you to obtain a special item named "Dabas' Shiny Bag" through a Pocketstation exclusive minigame which is what boosts the item pocket limit to the aforementioned sixty-four.
There are another set of items called "Goods". These are rare items obtain to help you progress during the game. They cannot be purchased (with the exception of Kongol's Dragoon Spirit), and they are passive items, which cannot be used manually. There are many different kinds of items you'll find on all four discs, from Dragoon Spirits to the Vanishing Stone (which allows you to get past Faust's apparation to fight the real thing), to Lavitz's Portrait. It should be noted that Kongol's Dragoon Spirit can be obtained with progress, rather than purchase, later in the game.

DRAGOON:
All playable characters eventually receive a Dragoon Spirit. This item allows a character to transform into a more powerful form, a Dragoon. There are different Dragoon Spirits that have different elements, including light, fire, earth, thunder, wind, water, dark, and non-elemental. Each element has an opposite, such as fire and water; such elements inflict double damage upon each other. The only exceptions are thunder and non-elemental, neither of which receive nor do more damage to any specific element. Upon transforming, physical and magical attack and defense stats are increased; characters also have access to powerful magic spells that use Magic Points (MP) rather than carried items. The character loses the ability to use items, guard or escape while in Dragoon form, and reverting to normal human form becomes possible only through the defeat of the enemies in the battle, the exhaustion of the character's Spirit Points (SP), or the depletion of the character's hit points (HP).
There are two gameplay options as a Dragoon: attack and magic. The Addition system is implemented via a clocklike timing sight. The player is required to press the x button when the rotating dial returns to the twelve o'clock position after each of the possible five rotations. Successfully completing all rotations yields maximum attack damage. This system determines attack damage prior to the attack, rather than the normal addition system which takes place throughout a normal attack.
Each character has a unique list of magic spells based upon their particular element. Casting these spells requires MP, which can be recovered by resting at inns, by using items, or by equipping the Mage Ring, which recovers a fraction of total MP per turn. These spells have a % modifier attached and will be more powerful when used to target an enemy affiliated with an opposing element.
When all three characters in the party reach their maximum SP during normal combat, a command called Special (symbolized by a Yin Yang) will appear. Using this command will transform all three characters into Dragoon mode simultaneously, and the battle background will change into a pattern associated with the element of the character that used the command. For the character that used the command, their Dragoon Addition will be automatically completely successful, in addition to an increase in their attack and defense stats throughout the character's Dragoon form. If a Dragoon of the opposing element is present in the character's party, that character's attack and defense will be lowered slightly. Once the character that used the command reverts to human form, either by depletion of SP or HP, the background changes back to normal.

MULTI USE ITEMS:
Various multiple use items can be found throughout the game that will increase stats or cause certain effects for three consecutive turns. These items can be used once per battle and reappear in the selectable inventory come the next battle. These items consist of the Material Shield, which makes one ally invunerable to physical attacks for three turns; the Power Up and Speed Up items, which double the power or speed of one ally for three turns, respectively; the Pandemionum, which forces an enemy to attack one ally for three turns, the Speed Down, which halves the speed of an enemy for three turns, and the Magic Sig(net) Stone, which blocks a minor enemy's actions for three turns.

STARDUST:
In the game, stardust is described as "a magical wishing stone", and whoever can obtain it will have their dreams come true. The game keeps a tally of how many stardust the player finds throughout the game, which is shown on the menu screen as well as the save screen. Stardust can be found in all sorts of places over the course of the game. As the player accumulates stardust, a traveler named Martel will give rewards in exchange. There are fifty total stardust. After collecting them all, Martel gives the player the Vanishing Stone as the final prize in exchange, which also gives the player the opportunity to face Magician Faust, the game's optional superboss.

******************PLOT******************
SETTING:
The game takes place on the fictional continent of Endiness. It is a geographically diverse land, with each climate zone being home to a different nation. The game begins in Serdio, a temperate region that is undergoing a civil war at the beginning of the game. West of Serdio is the desert nation of Tiberoa, north of Serdio are the icy regions of Gloriano and Mille Seseau, with Mille Seseau being a forested mountain, while Gloriano is a snowy desert.

STORY:
The story begins when Dart, the protagonist, is heading home from a 5 year long journey to pursue the Black Monster, who killed his parents and destroyed his birth city: Neet. On the way, he is attacked by Feyrbrand, a dragon controlled by the Sandora, a rebel faction in the Serdian civil war. After Dart gets hit by the dragon, he gets saved by a mysterious female heroine named Rose, though they soon part ways. When he arrives at his hometown, Seles, he discovers that it has been destroyed by Sandora, and that Shana, Dart’s childhood friend (and later in the game, his love interest), has been taken away. Dart sets out to rescue her. Throughout the game, he is periodically joined by people that he helps along the way.
After rescuing Shana from Hellena prison with the help of the recently escaped: Lavitz Slambert, King Albert sends the party to defend the fort-city of Hoax against attacks from Sandora. Among the attacking Sandora is Kongol, the last survivor of a race of giants known as the Gigantos. It is in his battle with Kongol that Dart first gains his ability to transform into a Dragoon using a memento from his father that he found after his death, now revealed as the Dragoon Spirit of the Red-Eyed Dragon with the help of Rose. Kongol is injured, but survives and retreats. With the fort safe, they travel to the city of Lohan. In the city, they meet a man named Lloyd in the Heroes Tournament, supposedly the greatest swordsman in the world. Later they discover that he kidnapped King Albert and took the Moon Gem from him, an ancient artifact held by the Royal Family. Lavitz desperately tries to save King Albert, but is killed by Lloyd's Dragon Buster, a sword created by the Winglies to kill Dragons. The king is rescued and joins the party in Lavitz's place, but Lloyd gets away with the Moon Gem.
They soon discover that Lloyd is gathering other artifacts held by human kings since the days of the Wingly Empire, and at the same time, causing disasters in the lands that he visits. While the party tries to reverse Lloyd’s work, Lloyd manages to obtain all three of the artifacts. Lloyd also releases and weakens the Divine Dragon, the most powerful dragon in the world. Dart and the party finish the dragon off, but Lloyd obtains its Dragoon spirit. Dart and the party finally manage to defeat Lloyd, who then agrees to take them to Emperor Diaz, ancient Emperor of Gloriano during the Dragon Campaign. After apparently betraying and killing Lloyd, Emperor Diaz reveals several things to the party.
During the height of the Wingly Empire over eleven thousand years ago, a creature called the Virage Embryo, also known as the God of Destruction, came to the world to end all other life. Before it could be born, the Winglies used their magical power to separate its body from its soul, making it unable to destroy them. They then cast the body into the sky, where it became the Moon That Never Sets, and sealed it using several magical Signets, one in each of the ancient Wingly cities, to prevent the soul and body from reuniting. The soul of the God of Destruction was originally placed inside the Crystal Sphere, which was worn by the ancient Wingly ruler Melbu Frahma to increase his power. However, during the Dragon Campaign, when the Dragoons assaulted Kadessa, the flying capital city of the Ancient Winglies, the Crystal Sphere was shattered during the fight between Melbu Frahma and Zieg Feld, leader of the Dragoons.
Ever since, the soul of the God of Destruction has wandered the Earth and, every one hundred and eight years, possesses the body of a human child(known as the Moon Child) in an attempt to return to its body. The body can be summoned if the Signets are destroyed, which can be done using the immense magical power contained within the artifacts that Lloyd gathered, called the Divine Moon Objects. Emperor Diaz then reveals himself to be Zieg Feld, Dart's father and leader of the Dragoons that fought in the Dragon Campaign. After Zieg defeated Melbu Frahma, Melbu cast a spell that both petrified Zeig and kept Melbu's spirit alive within Zieg's dragoon spirit. Thousands of years later the petrification wore off, and Zeig settled down to start a family in Neet. Finally, it is revealed that Rose was both Zeig's lover and fellow Dragoon during the Dragon Campaign, and was granted immortality by the remaining Winglies in order to kill the Moon child every 108 years, and has since become known as the Black Monster. Rose destroyed Neet in an effort to locate and kill the Moon Child, although Zeig reveals that the child Rose killed was the twin sister of the actual Moon Child, Shana, whom he then kidnaps.
Zeig flees and proceeds to destroy the remaining three Signet Spheres that seal the Moon That Never Sets, causing it to fall from the sky and land on the Divine Tree. He then carries Shana to the body of the God of Destruction, so that the body will sense the presence of its soul and prepare to restore itself. The party arrives to stop Zeig, who steals the Red Dragoon Spirit back from Dart and fights the party. After his defeat, it is revealed that years ago, Zeig attempted to use his Dragoon Spirit to fight the Black Monster attacking Neet, but Melbu Frahma emerged and possessed him. Frahma unites with the body himself, taking the form and power of the God of Destruction. Zieg is released from Frahma’s possession, and aids the party in their attempt to defeat Melbu. Lloyd arrives to confront Frahma himself and puts up a valiant effort before being killed. In his final moments he passes on the Spirit of the Divine Dragon to Dart and the Dragon Buster to Rose. The party defeats Melbu Frahma with Lloyd's gifts, but at the cost of Rose and Zieg, who sacrifice themselves to destroy Frahma. Everyone else is able to return home to live their own lives.

CHARACTERS:
The main playable characters in The Legend of Dragoon are also the titular Dragoons. While there are nine playable characters and eight Dragoon Spirits, there will never be more than seven selectable characters at one time. Due to storyline events, characters Lavitz Slambert and Shana are replaced by Albert and Miranda, respectively. Both acquire the stats, abilities, and the Dragoon Spirit of the character they replace, although Albert uses different timing from Lavitz for his Additions. The final party will consist of Dart, Rose, Albert, Haschel, Meru, Kongol, and Miranda.
Several villains are pursued over the course of the game, but the two predominant ones are Lloyd and Zieg. These villains are also capable of using Dragoon Spirits: Greham, Doel, Lenus and Melbu Frahma with his soul possessing Zieg Feld. Also, there is a sidequest in which the player has to fight the four Dragoons that died in the Dragon Campaign to free their souls; these Dragoons are Belzac, Syuveil, Kanzas and Damia. All use Dragoons Spirits in battle, although they do not have the Dragoon Spirits themselves. Ultimately, the party fights Melbu Frahma, the Wingly Dictator in the body of the God of Destruction.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it's free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk