-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: Delicatessen.1991.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 1.80 GiB
Duration: 1h 39mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: A futuristic comic feast

Storyline:

The story is centered on a microcosm of a post-apocalyptic society where food is so rare it's invaluable and is used as currency. The story centers on an apartment building with a delicatessen on the ground floor. 
The owner of the eatery also owns the apartment building and he is in need of a new maintenance man since the original "mysteriously" disappeared. A former clown applies for the job and the butcher's intent is to 
have him work for a little while and then serve him to quirky tenants who pay the butcher in, of course, grain. The clown and butcher's daughter fall in love and she tries to foil her father's plans by contacting the 
"troglodytes", a grain eating sub-group of society who live entirely underground. The "trogs" are possibly the most sensible of the lot, as they see food as food and not money.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/delicatessen/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101700/

Cast:

Pascal Benezech 	... 	Tried to Escape 
Dominique Pinon 	... 	Louison 
Marie-Laure Dougnac 	... 	Julie Clapet 
Jean-Claude Dreyfus 	... 	Clapet 
Karin Viard 	... 	Mademoiselle Plusse 
Ticky Holgado 	... 	Marcel Tapioca 
Anne-Marie Pisani 	... 	Madame Tapioca 
Boban Janevski 	... 	Young Rascal 
Mikael Todde 	... 	Young Rascal (as Mikaël Todde) 
Edith Ker 	... 	Grandmother 
Rufus 	... 	Robert Kube 
Jacques Mathou 	... 	Roger 
Howard Vernon 	... 	Frog Man 
Chick Ortega 	... 	Postman 
Silvie Laguna 	... 	Aurore Interligator

Genre: Comedy | Fantasy
Directors: Marc Caro, Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Rating: Rated R for violence.
Language: French
Awards: Nominated for BAFTA Film Award. Another 12 wins & 9 nominations
Original source: Delicatessen.1991.1080p.BluRay.x264-CiNEFiLE

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding 
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 262 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 8 988 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 24.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.107

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 336 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 470 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,ResourceRG,Rx,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded 