Official Web Site:  http://www.topazlabs.com/simplify/

Topaz Simplify a Photoshop Plug-in

Digital Art and Painting

The Topaz Simplify plug-in allows you to create stunning art from photos by transforming regular digital images into beautiful works-of-art. With Simplify, you can achieve a variety of creative art effects including: watercolors, textured oil paintings, cartoon-like images, abstracts, charcoal drawings, line art, and photorealistic paintings - giving your photography a true creative edge.

The unique size-based technology in Topaz Simplify processes your photo in the same way a true artist would: it eliminates detail-clutter and leaves behind only the essence and natural structure of the photo. By selectively removing unnecessary image clutter, Simplify helps you create a bold and powerful piece of art in just a few clicks.

Simplify 3 Highlights

* Advanced size-based technology allows you to
   suppress / eliminate select details.

* Color management for color removal and color
   enhancement.

* Generate or reduce lines, edges and shading.
 
* Edge detection for control over edge reduction
   and enhancement.

* Separate control over image base and image
   edges for complete creative control.

Detail Simplified

Topaz Simplify uses a proprietary Topaz Labs image processing engine based on multi-level topological decomposition. Simply put, "topological decomposition" enables Topaz Simplify to choose exactly what size of image features to keep and which ones to throw away, all while retaining the original photo's integrity.
 
When applied to photos, this has a great effect: you retain the spirit of your original photo while determining exactly which features you want to keep, and in what style. Instead of having to select between a few cookie cutter effects, this technology allows you to tailor an original effect, customize it for your photo, and make it completely your own.

System Requirements
: 
Intel Mac OS 10.4 and up
Adobe Photoshop CS 4-5

--- PLEASE SEED ---