BENEATH A STEEL SKY
		Go Underworld and expose sinister secrets inside the city


    genre: adventure / point-and-click / sci-fi
    download size: 71 MB
    release date: April 11, 1994
    compatible with: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)
    languages: English
    developer / publisher: Revolution Software / Revolution Software
    game modes: single-player


Bonus content included for FREE with the game:

- manual (15 pages)
- 2 HD wallpapers
- 8 avatars
- comic book


What's cool about it:

- A claustrophobic, paranoid and psychotic atmosphere
- Over 100 locations designed by an English comic book artist and writer Dave Gibbons
- Many interesting characters that move about freely and live out their own lives, thanks to the Virtual Theatre system


Overview:

Robert Foster is an innocent outsider stranded in a vast city where oppressed civilians live and work in soaring tower blocks... while the corrupt, covetous and rich lie underground, shielded from all pollution. Alone, save for a robot circuit board, Foster must fight for survival... and discover the sinister truth behind his abduction...

Paranoid population. Psychotic criminals. Power hungry corporation. Big Brother government. Haves and have nots.

In the not so impossible future. In the melting pot of Union City. All man's social problems are coming to a boil. Under the claustrophobic lid of a steel sky.

From the pit of the industrial level to the belly of commercial sector, to the spheres where the rich and powerful play. It's Man against Man. Man against Machine. Man against Time. In an urban hell only you can liberate... Maybe.

Featuring Revolution's Software innovative Virtual Theatre system, Beneath a Steel Sky is a gripping science fiction point and click adventure game in the cyberpunk genre. Over 100 locations designed and art directed by award-winning comic book author Dave Gibbons (Watchmen fame). His comic book, inspired by the game itself, is included to complete the content.


Age requirements:

ESRB Rating: TEEN with Suggestive Themes, Animated Violence.


Minimum system requirements:

Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1 GHz Processor (1.4 GHz recommended), 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), Mouse, Keyboard.