Enrique Martín Morales is the Puerto Rican pop star and actor best known for the hip-shakin' international hit Livin' La Vida Loca, under the stage name Ricky Martin.

His career started when he was only 12 and became a member of the manufactured boy band Menudo. He had to leave the band when he was 17, being too old, at which point he turned to acting. His acting career met with success and he earned an award for his part in the film version of the television series Alcanzar una Estrella.

His music career began in 1990 when he signed to Sony Discos and released the Spanish language album Ricky Martin in 1991. The album was a success across America and Latin America and he performed at a string of successful concerts. A second album, Me Amaras (1993) preceded his role as a bartender in the American soap opera General Hospital, and by the next album, the platinum certified Vuelve (1998), he was acting in Broadway. His release of The Cup of Life was the anthem of the 1998 World Cup and reached No.1 in many countries across the world.

It took until 1999 for an English language Ricky Martin album to reach the public. Ricky Martin featured Madonna (on Be Careful), and Livin La Vida Loca was a huge international smash hit. The album finally achieved 7x platinum certification. He followed this success with Sound Loaded in 2000 but it failed to perform as well as its predecessor.

For 2001 he released two greatest hits compilations, La Historia (the Spanish version) and The Best of Ricky Martin (the English version). In 2003 he released a new Spanish album Almas del Silencio which returned him to prominence in the countries of his core fanbase.

Life was his English language follow-up to Sound Loaded. Released in 2005, it had taken five years between English language releases. Since then he has released an MTV Unplugged album and a live album, Black & White Tour.


Musica + Alma + Sexo 2011 

 1. Mas
 2. Frio
 3. Lo Mejor De Mi Vida Eres Tu (featuring Natalia Jimenez)
 4. Te Vas
 5. Tu Y Yo
 6. Cantame Tu Vida
 7. Te Busco Y Te Alcazo
 8. Sera Sera
 9. No Te Miento
10. Basta Ya
11. The Best Thing About Me Is You (featuring Joss Stone)
12. Shine
13. Frio (featuring Wisin and Yandel)
