File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:08

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1658 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.33 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Defenders of the Faith is the 9th studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest. The album was recorded at Ibiza Sound Studios, Ibiza, Spain and mixed from September to November 1983 at DB Recording Studios and Bayshore Recording Studios in Miami, Florida. The LP & cassette tape were released on January 4, 1984 and later appeared on CD in July. A re-mastered CD was released in May 2001. Three tracks were released as singles, "Freewheel Burning", "Some Heads Are Gonna Roll" and "Love Bites".

    "Rising from darkness where Hell hath no mercy and the screams for vengeance echo on forever. Only those who keep the faith shall escape the wrath of the Metallian... Master of all metal."

    -- Album back cover

The cover art by Doug Johnson (who also designed the Hellion in Screaming for Vengeance) depicts the Metallian, a ram-horned, tiger-like land assault creature with Gatling guns and tank tracks conceptualized by the band.

"Eat Me Alive" was listed at #3 on the Parents Music Resource Center's "Filthy Fifteen," a list of 15 songs the organization found most objectionable. PMRC co-founder Tipper Gore stated the song was about oral sex at gunpoint. In response to the allegations, Priest recorded the song "Parental Guidance" on the follow-up album Turbo. Defenders of the Faith is a guitar-related section in Guitar World Magazine in which Guitar World readers are shown along with personal information. This is referred to as "Defending the Faith."

On the tour for this album, the band had played every song live, with the exception of "Eat Me Alive". On the tour for the Nostradamus album, in 2008, the band played many songs which had never been played live before, one of them being "Eat Me Alive". This made Defenders of the Faith the only Judas Priest album from which every song had been played live (other than the first LP Rocka Rolla), until the 2009 tour where British Steel was performed in full, in order.

Judas Priest is a Grammy Award winning English heavy metal band from Birmingham, formed in 1968. Judas Priest's core line-up consists of vocalist Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton, K.K. Downing, and bassist Ian Hill. The band has gone through several drummers over the years, though Scott Travis has held the position since 1989 and is the band's longest-serving drummer. They have been cited as an influence on many heavy metal musicians and bands after Black Sabbath. Their popularity and status as one of the definitive heavy metal bands has earned them the nickname "Metal Gods" from their song of the same name. They have sold over 40 million albums worldwide, and were named the 78th greatest artist of all time by VH1 in 2010 and 2nd Greatest Metal Band (behind Black Sabbath) by MTV. The band got its name from the Bob Dylan song "The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest", according to original vocalist Al Atkins.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/