Socom U.S. Navy Seals for the Ps2                                   Rel. 02/28/2002



Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Online:        Yes & No (Unable to Patch DNAS)
Genre.:        Action, Strategy
Rating:        Mature
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.




Release Notes:  This is a direct rip from the original, and was tested and working
                fine with a modbo 4.0 chipped Ps2 burned on disc. Includes FMCB
                with ESR, if emulator or fmcb doesn't work use swap magic or
                get a hard modded chipped PS2. Some games don't work with emulator
                or fmcb/esr so be aware of that.





Game Description:

SOCOM: U.S. Navy Seals is a military action game, putting you in command of an elite four-person team, that takes you to various locales throughout the world, such as Thailand, Turkmenistan and the Congo.

As the commander of the team, you can give various orders to your squad, instructing them to go to a certain location (marked by military codes Delta, Bravo, Charlie, Foxtrot, etc.), kill people, cover an area, cover you, or set up an ambush. You can do this via the in-game command system, or with the included voice headset.

Throughout the game, you will have access to over 30 real-life military weapons, such as the SOCOM Pistol, sub-machine guns, machine-guns and sniper rifles.

SOCOM: U.S. Navy Seals is the launch game for the PlayStation 2's online play service. With an easy to launch system, you can join various players throughout the world to compete against others. All you need is a PS2 Network Adapter, the game, and a Memory Card with 130-ish blocks of memory. With the included headset, you can issue commands to your team, or chat with other players. SOCOM: U.S. Navy Seals includes an on-screen keyboard so that you may chat, or you can use any regular USB-compatible keyboard. SOCOM: U.S. Navy Seals only supports broadband connections, meaning those using a phone line are out of luck.



Features:

* Engage enemy terrorists via intense team based gameplay.

* Association with Naval Special Warfare Command provides realistic
  SEAL actions and mission designs.

* Undertake 12 dangerous missions, including ambushes, reconnaissance, 
  demolitions and hostage rescue in treacherous locales such as
  Thailand, Congo and Turkmenistan.




Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!