Latest Version Built for OS X.6

Official Web SIte:  http://www.publicspace.net/ABetterFinderRename/

A Better Finder Rename is the most complete renaming solution available on the market today. That’s why, since 1996, thousands of hobbyists, professionals and businesses alike depend on A Better Finder Rename to organize and maintain files.
New In Version 8


* Completely re-designed single
    window user interface

* New industrial strength, multi-
  threaded, database-backed
  renaming engine
* Automatic file name conflict
  resolution

* Saveable Presets

* Automatic software updates 

Simple

A Better Finder Rename's user interface supports complex renaming tasks without sacrificing ease and speed of use. Simply drag the files you want to rename straight from the Finder into the large preview table or the application icon.. or use our Finder context menu and hot key.
The Instant Preview feature eliminates guesswork and costly errors and helps you find the right settings quickly and accurately by providing as-you-type feedback.
Powerful

A Better Finder Rename offers a complete set of renaming options that are organized into 7 categories covering all the text, character, position, conversion and truncation features that you would expect from a file renamer, but it does not stop there.

Photographers use the advanced sequence number and date & time features to clean up their portfolios or prepare photos for delivery to their client. A Better Finder Rename knows how to extract EXIF shooting date and time information from digital camera images and exploit them in creating sequence numbers or adding time and date information to the file name. Support for all major RAW formats (including JPEG, CRW, CR2, THM, NEF, TIFF, RAJ, ORF , MRW, DNG, PEF, SRF, etc.) extends this to professional photographers. Even multiple shots captured in the same second are dealt with reliably.

System administrators, web masters and other power users will appreciate advanced features, such as regular expression support, conversion to Windows NTFS/SMB compatible names, the ability to import file names from a database, a spreadsheet or any other source that can produce plain or tab-delimited text files. Last but not least, the ability to save a record of the current and new file names greatly facilitates tracking your files.

Music lovers can use the built-in MP3/AAC support to exploit the id3 meta-data tags embedded in most music files to create their own naming schemes for their music collection. Meta-data information from MP3, AAC and iTunes music store files are supported.

The multi-step renaming feature allows multiple renaming steps to be combined to deal with complex renaming jobs in a single operation. Unlike other tools, A Better Finder Rename allows any number of renaming actions to be combined, re-ordered, copied and deleted. You may even save frequently used sets into presets.
Self-contained droplet mini-applications allow recurring tasks to be automated. Save your current settings to a droplet and apply them instantly by dropping the files onto the droplet application icon. Double click the droplet to edit the settings.

Powerful Renaming Engine

Version 8 takes file renaming to a new level of sophistication by introducing an advanced 64-bit multi-threaded renaming engine that solves many problems that other file reamers simply leave unaddressed. The database-backed renaming engine automatically resolves file name conflicts (when several files would end up sharing the same name) using a range of configurable parameters. The sequence in which files are renamed is optimized to avoid deadlocks which could occur when the order in which the files are renamed becomes significant.

System Requirements:

Mac OS X.6

--- PLEASE SEED ---
