For: 'nyasangosi'

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Managing Brand You: 7 Steps to Creating Your Most Successful Self
Jerry S. Wilson (Author), Ira Blumenthal (Author)

Hardcover: 256 pages
Publisher: AMACOM (July 16, 2008)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0814410685
ISBN-13: 978-0814410684

Product Description
Whether we realize it or not, we are all brands. We all have qualities that shape and influence how the people in our lives see us--and how we see ourselves. Nationally respected brand experts Jerry Wilson and Ira Blumenthal have helped some of the most exceptional companies and individuals in the world perfect their images. Now, in Managing Brand You, they reveal their proven seven-step process for personal brand building. Using illuminating examples from successful corporations like Coca-Cola and Starbucks as well as high-profile celebrities like Bono and Oprah, Manag­ing Brand You gives readers a step-by-step guide for conducting a self analysis, creating a unique identity, defining their objectives, discovering their passions, creating a plan, putting that plan into action, and monitoring their progress. Wise and insight­ful, this book will help readers identify what it is that makes them unique and communicate it in a way that guarantees them success.

Book Description
Whether we realize it or not, we are all brands. We all have qualities that shape and influence how the people in our lives see us—and how we see ourselves. Nationally respected brand experts Jerry Wilson and Ira Blumenthal have helped some of the most exceptional companies and individuals in the world perfect their images. Now, in Managing Brand You, they reveal their proven seven-step process for personal brand building.

Using illuminating examples from successful corporations like Coca-Cola and Starbucks as well as high-profile celebrities like Bono and Oprah, Managing Brand You gives readers a step-by-step guide for conducting a self analysis, creating a unique identity, defining their objectives, discovering their passions, creating a plan, putting that plan into action, and monitoring their progress. Wise and insightful, this book will help readers identify what it is that makes them unique and communicate it in a way that guarantees them success.