S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Afterfall: InSanity (c) Nicolas Games

25-11-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection..............Serial
Avtion...............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

It is 2032 - 20 years after the end of World War III. To survive the
nuclear holocaust, humankind fled from the contaminated surface to find
safety in vast bunkers, cities created deep underground. Decaying
shelters and hideaways set the stage in mankind's struggle for survival
where they battle horrible mutants, bloodthirsty mercenaries and other
threats

In Afterfall: InSanity you won't only face the aftermath of the nuclear
fallout, but also the dark shadows of the past in the role of the
mysterious psychologist Albert. As Albert, the player will be part of a
team of medical scientists in charge of monitoring the fugitives'
mental stability. If Albert does not confront his greatest weaknesses
and deepest fears, he will not survive the claustrophobic depths of the
underground from which there is no escape and where the darkness hides
more secrets than simply the growing madness of its inhabitants. Defy
everything that's in your way to solve the horrible secrets that exists
in the dark

Features:

Detailed and extensive environments set in post-apocalyptic versions of
real-world locations

Expansive levels with giant cities, tunnels, bunkers and deep mines

An exciting and rich story with unexpected twists and turns in the dark
world of Afterfall

Extensive weapons arsenal with myriad types of opponents for thrilling
cinematic close and long-range combat

Dramatic soundtrack further enhancing the dark atmosphere sure to evoke
goose bumps and enhancing the tension

State-of-the-art effects thanks to the newest Unreal-Engine 3

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Type anything at the serial screen
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!