"News From A Private War" is a no-bullshit documentary that came as extra material on the "City of God" DVD and might be the better movie.  The police chief who was interviewed talks honestly about how the police "repress" of the poor people in the Barrio and what happened when he tried to enforce drug laws in his own neighborhood. Looks at illegal drugs, guns, youth gangs and poverty in Brazil's barrios -- and why they're not going away any time soon.  You won't see this stuff on the 10 o'clock news.  Try it.  You'll like it.

It's mostly in spanish or portugese but has large yellow english subtitles.  They're easy to follow.  

Here are some pictures:
 
http://bayimg.com/jaKccAADo  http://bayimg.com/JAkCfaado   http://bayimg.com/jaKcgaadO  
http://bayimg.com/JaKciAADO  http://bayimg.com/jakcJAaDO  http://bayimg.com/JaKcKaaDO

And a review from IMDB: (which calls the film "News From A Personal War")

"Thought provoking. Shocking. Real. This documentary provides a first hand perspective of the violence found just miles outside of the picturesque images associated with Rio De Janeiro. The film continuously cuts back and forth from the testimony of the three segments portrayed in the film: the police, the dealers, and the dwellers. The favelas(slums)are home to the country's most downtrodden--the government leaves the lands as wastelands and the result is war in the streets. This documentary will open your eyes to urban warfare on a scale beyond comparison in the Unites States. Some of the most chilling testimonies are the ones provided by young men in detention facilities who detail the horrific crimes committed. Who's side do you take after watching the film? Are the dealers heroes protecting their communities? Are the police the real enemy? Can the citizen/dweller caught in between the crossfire (literally) ever have an impact in the fa vela? What can derail the vicious cycle of drug sales, gun smuggling, and poverty? Or rather, can anything ever end this cycle?"