Renée Rebecca Geyer (born 11 September 1953, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian singer who has long been regarded as one of the finest exponents of jazz, soul and R&B idioms. She had commercial success as a solo artist in Australia, with "It's a Man's Man's World", "Heading in the Right Direction" and "Stares and Whispers" in the 1970s and "Say I Love You" in the 1980s. Geyer has also been an internationally respected and sought-after backing vocalist, whose session credits include work with Sting, Chaka Khan, Toni Childs and Joe Cocker.

In 2000, her autobiography, Confessions of a Difficult Woman, co-written with music journalist Ed Nimmervoll, was published. In her candid book, Geyer detailed her drug addictions, sex life and career in music. She described herself as "a white Hungarian Jew from Australia sounding like a 65-year-old black man from Alabama". She spent more than ten years based in the United States but had little chart success there.Geyer returned to Australia in the mid-1990s and her career has continued into the 21st century with her 2003 album, Tenderland, which peaked at #11 on the ARIA albums charts.

Rock historian, Ian McFarlane described her as having a "rich, soulful, passionate and husky vocal delivery". Geyer's iconic status in the Australian music industry was recognised when she was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame on 14 July 2005, alongside The Easybeats, Hunters & Collectors, Smoky Dawson, Split Enz and Normie Rowe. Geyer and fellow 1970s singer, Marcia Hines, are the subjects of Australian academic, Jon Stratton's 2008 Cultural Studies article, "A Jew Singing Like a Black Woman in Australia: Race, Renée Geyer, and Marcia Hines".


Ready to Deal is Australian singer, Renée Geyer's third solo album, this time credited to the Renée Geyer Band as by this stage she had formed her own touring outfit, again surrounded by some of the country's best musicians. However unlike her two previous albums where Geyer stamped the contemporary Soul/R&B catalogue and overseas hits as her own, original material predominated here. It proved that Geyer had truly arrived.

Track listing

   1. "Sweet Love" (Renée Geyer, Mal Logan, Barry Sullivan, Mark Punch, Greg Tell) – 3.22
   2. "If Loving You Is Wrong" (Homer Banks, Raymond Jackson, Carl Hampton) – 4.22
   3. "Spilt Milk" (Logan, Geyer, Sullivan, Tell, Punch) – 5.02
   4. "Whoop" (Logan, Geyer, Sullivan, Tell, Punch) – 6.53
   5. "Heading in the Right Direction" (Garry Paige, Punch) – 4.04
   6. "Two Sides" (Geyer, Logan, Sullivan, Punch, Tell) – 3.32
   7. "Ready to Deal" (Geyer, Logan, Sullivan, Punch, Tell) – 3.32
   8. "Love's Got a Hold" (Geyer, Logan, Punch, Sullivan, Tell) – 3.48
   9. I Really Love You (Geyer, Logan, Sullivan, Punch, Tell) – 5.55
