Add-on for Acronis True Image Home 2011 featuring enhanced backup and recovery functionality
Acronis True Image Home 2011 Plus Pack is an add-on module for Acronis True Image Home 2011 featuring enhancements for advanced home users. It includes the flexibility to restore files, applications and an operating system to dissimilar hardware as well as providing support for dynamic disks and Microsoft Windows Preinstallation Environments (WinPE).

These three powerful features, originally only available in the Acronis corporate product line, are now accessible to technical home users. The optional Acronis True Image Home 2011 Plus Pack integrates seamlessly within the Acronis True Image Home 2011 standard version, and leverages its intuitive graphical interface.

Restore to Dissimilar Hardware Restore a computer to dissimilar hardware regardless of make, model, or installed components, or to a virtual machine.
Dynamic Disk Support Back up and restore dynamic volumes easily, taking advantage of dynamic disk capabilities including multi-partition and fault tolerant volumes as well as partition size adjustment.
Microsoft Windows Preinstallation Environment (WinPE) Support Speed up your recovery process with easy and quick integration of the latest Microsoft drivers, customized scripts, applications and plug-ins to your rescue or boot media.
For more information on Dynamic Disks and disks with GUID Partition Tables (GPT), click here

* Acronis True Image Plus Pack works with the Acronis True Image Home 2011 standard edition, but not with the Acronis True Image Home Netbook Edition or previous editions of Acronis True Image Home.

Please make sure that the build numbers of Acronis Plus Pack add-on and Acronis True Image Home 2011 are the same. See "Viewing Build Number in Acronis True Image Home. Login to Your Account to get access to the latest builds of both products.

Supported Systems for Acronis True Image Home 2011 with Plus Pack
Storage Media

Hard Disk Drives
Networked Storage Devices
FTP servers
CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R (NEW! Blu-ray)
ZIP®, REV® and other removable media
PATA (IDE), SATA, SCSI, SAS (NEW), IEEE1394 (FireWire), USB 1/2.0 drives
For information on RAID support, click here

Supported Operating Systems

Windows 7 all Editions (x32/x64)
Windows Vista all Editions(x32/x64 SP2)
Windows XP (x32 SP3/x64 SP2)
Windows XP Professional(x32 SP3/x64 SP2)
Supported File Systems