B L I Z Z A R D

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum v6.5.0

release date: 2011-11-05      supplier: TEAM BLZ
disks: 4                cracker: TEAM BLZ
protection: Registration          os: WinALL

RELEASE INFO

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum - 5 Minutes Only Backup Your DVD to
Hard Drive and USB with Highest Possible Quality

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is an ultimate DVD ripper software
capable of ripping the content of DVDs to a wide range of
mainstream video formats, such as AVI, MP4, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV,
3GP, etc. Users can also painlessly rip DVD (including encrypted
DVD) to iPhone, iPod, iPad, iTouch, Apple TV, Zune, Mobile phone,
Sony PSP, Zen, etc.

This DVD ripping software brings you the fastest DVD ripping
solution in market thanks to the cutting-edge technology to
support Multi-core CPU (maximally 8-core processor), Hyper-
threading and the newest CUDA. Moreover, the built in
revolutionary backup feature enables you to directly copy DVD to
hard drive and USB with original Video, original 5.1 Channel
AC3/DTS Dolby Audio within 5 minutes (the processing time also
depends on your CPU and DVD driver speed).

Overview...

- Feature-rich DVD Ripping Software
WinX DVD Ripper Platinum offers worry-free conversion of DVD to
AVI (DivX, Xvid), MP4, MPEG, WMV, 3GP, MOV, FLV, which makes
DVD compatible with all popular Windows media players, Apple
iPhone (iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4), iPad, iPod, Sony PSP, Zune,
Mobile phone, etc.

- Bypass all Copy Protections & Region Locks
It provides breakthrough performance to access all DVD
encryption technologies, including DVD CSS, region code, RCE,
Sony ArccOS, UOPs, Disney X-project DRM. Besides, it is being
continuously updated so as to handle all your DVD backup
requirements for any new protected DVDs. How to rip the latest
protected DVD...

- Backup DVD to PC & USB within 5 Minutes
It also works as a DVD backup software which allows you to copy
DVD video to hard disk and USB as single MPEG-2 file with
lossless video quality and 5.1 Channel AC3/DTS Dolby audio. The
built in ultra-fast "DVD Stream Copy" method makes everything
done within about 5 minutes

- No.1 Fast DVD Ripping Speed
With this DVD converter, you can flexibly set CPU utilization.
It also supports the newest CUDA, owns optimized configuring
for i5 i7 CPU and Super Encode Engine based on MMX- SSE &
3DNow. Thus, you can convert feature-length DVD movies in a
matter of minutes while keeping the videos looking crisp.

- Enjoy Unmatchable Video Audio Quality
The embedded High Quality Engine and "Yadif Double Frames" De-
interlacing Engine deliver the purity of original image
quality. On top of this, the adjustable bitrate resolution
parameters enable you to customize all output video and audio
settings to balance the video quality and file size as you
need.

- Rip DVD in Easy to Follow Manner
The awesomely minimalist interface lets you set your options
and start ripping in seconds, including front screen access to
output video and advanced settings. And with the ability to
save your settings as profiles for portable devices like
iPhone, iPad, it can truly claim to be a one-click DVD ripper
solution.

Key Features...

- High-level and Unique Technologies
Continuously update to support the latest DVD copy
protections and a growing number of platforms by Microsoft,
Apple, Google, etc.
With support for Multi-core CPU, this software delivers
blazingly fast DVD conversion performance, which is x2 faster
than common DVD ripper in market.
Professional Presets - The program comes preloaded with a
number of preconfigured profiles for popular devices. Users
could also customize and save profiles.
High Quality Engine - Give you the highest possible quality
for maximum enjoyment of standard DVD content.
Deinterlacing - Change interlaced scanning DVD movie to
progressive scanning to output clearer video quality.

- Powerful DVD Ripping Ability
The unique DVD copy feature lets you decrypt and copy DVD to
hard drive as MPEG-2 file within 5 minutes or so, while
keeping sharp image and crisp audio.
Backup DVD to USB disk driver and plug the USB driver to PS3,
Xbox or some modern TV sets which can play videos from USB
interface directly.
Compress DVD video to AVI and keep original surround sound
without quality loss.
Rip protected DVD to MP4, DVD to WMV, DVD to MPEG, MOV, FLV
for playback on various video players and for further edition
in Windows Media Center.

- Rip DVD to Portable Video Player
Rip and convert DVD to MP4, H.264 for smoothly playback on
Apple video player, e.g. DVD to iPhone, DVD to iPad, DVD to
iPod, Apple TV.
Support ripping DVD to iPhone 4. Compatible with the new
generation iPod touch 4 and iOS 4.0/4.1.
Rip DVD to PSP compatible MP4, AVC video. Watch DVD movies on
PSP with its widescreen, ultra-crisp LCD screens.
Transfer movie to Mobile phone by ripping DVD to 3GP, MP4
video. Play DVD on Nokia, Blackberry, Motorola, etc.
Rip DVD to WMV, MP4 videos supported by Zune. Convert DVD to
Xvid, DivX that can be played on Creative Zen.

- Easy-to-advanced Video Editing Features
You can freely adjust all video/audio parameters to set your
desired video quality and file size, including video bitrate,
video resolution, frame rate, etc.
The split feature allows you to edit out annoying adverts to
watch your film without inane interruptions. It also lets you
rip your favorite DVD clip only.
The built-in video player enables you to preview DVD movie
and take snapshot to save as JPEG, BMP files.
Crop video to remove the black bars within DVD. Cut off
unwanted area to feature a highlight.
Edit aspect ratio to modify incorrect DVD playback image on
iPhone, iPad, iPod, Apple TV, PSP, etc.

INSTALL INFO

Run setup and follow instructions.

Register using this License Code: AA-4410453-9FA4FC9

GREETINGS

greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously
work on building better release conditions and
thus keep the scene up.

special greets to our friends in:

absokt - acme - air - digerati - explosion - f4cg
orion - pdx - shock - ssg - tbe - tmg - unleashed - zwt

CONTACT

We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you

Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind

nfo updated on
2009.07.19

INFOFILE DRAWN BY
H7/ACCESSiON