RonyaSoft Poster Designer is a software program for quick and easy design and printing of attractive custom posters, banners and signs. The software is shipped with a collection of ready-to-use poster templates. Alternatively, you can create posters from scratch or design your own poster templates for further use. Posters and banners may be printed directly on a home or office printer, exported to an image files to be printed by a print service provider, or used in the Internet (myspace, livejournal, flickr, etc.). Use an extra add-on (RonyaSoft Poster Printer) to print posters, banners and signs in big-size multipage format. 
You don't need to be a desktop publishing expert to create your own beautiful posters and banners. A convenient user-friendly interface allows to design posters even for computer beginners and makes work with Poster Designer a real pleasure. Customize each detail in predesigned templates the way you like it. For example, making a motivational poster, you can insert an inspirational image and text and use it as a daily motivator. Or, creating an old western "Wanted" poster, you can specify the criminal's photo, name and the reward – an excellent idea for a funny joke on your friend who you haven't seen for ages or a colleague who is always late for business meetings. What is more, you can design other pieces of graphics with help of this software, e.g. business cards, greeting cards, invitations. 
It doesn't matter whether you are going to create a funny poster or to make a banner for a significant event or to design a sign to sell real estate – the software will help you to do it in a few minutes. Impress your family, friends or officemates with your fresh, cool ideas – make your own brilliant posters! 

Features
WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) object editor 
Object rotation and transparency support 
Poster projects support 
Print Master with layout customizing 
Export to images 
Multipage printing 
Built-in ready-to-use predesigned poster templates 
Built-in clipart library 
Multilingual interface with Unicode support 
Amazing skins 
Metric and Imperial measurements (mm, cm, inch) 
Templates
Advertisement poster template 
Discounts (Promotion) poster template 
House Sale poster template 
Old West Wanted poster template 
Movie (Film) poster template 
Magazine Cover poster templates 
Birthday poster template 
Wedding poster template 
Christmas poster template 
Party poster template 
Quiz Night poster templates 
Motivational (Inspirational) poster templates 
Scientific poster template 
Winners poster template 
Lost (Missing) Pet poster template 
Environment
Windows 2000, Windows XP (32 & 64), Windows Vista (32 & 64), Windows 7 (32 & 64). 

Install Notes:

1) run installer
2) Insert Name & serial (included in rar file)

done,
have fun with this funny app:-)