

Hard Rain (1998)

Verenigde Staten / Verenigd Koninkrijk / Denemarken / Frankrijk / Japan / Nieuw-Zeeland
Actie / Misdaad
97 minuten

geregisseerd door Mikael Salomon
met Christian Slater, Morgan Freeman en Minnie Driver

Tijdens een grote overstroming wordt truckbewaker Tom in een klein dorpje overvallen door de crimineel Jim. Tom weet met het geld te ontsnappen, en verstopt het. In paniek vertelt hij de sheriff waar hij het geld verstopt heeft, waarna hij opgesloten wordt. Tom moet nu zorgen dat hij het geld krijgt, zichzelf in leven houdt, en de sheriff, Jim, en zijn crew te slim is.

Engels

Heavy Rainfall causes a Indiana river to swell and flood the town. All inhabitants are forced by public services to leave instantly. Tom and his uncle Charlie work for a money transport firm and their assignment is to evacuate all cash from the banks along the flooding river. So, their truck is loaded with about three million Dollars. Hank tries to prevent further flooding, as he's the guy responsible for the dam up the river, but he has to open one gate in order to save the old dam from breaking. Only the police under the Sheriff's leadership stay in town to prevent looting. As the water level rises, Tom and Charlie's Truck gets stuck in the flooded road. This is the moment, Jim, an elderly thief, and his gang have been waiting for. In an attempt to get the money from the truck, Charlie gets shot and Tom swims off to save the cash bags. While trying to hide, he meets Karen, who resisted to leave the old church she has been restoring for eight months. She thinks he is a looter, and calls the cops to bring him in. But as the Sheriff finds out about that much cash in a situation like this, he radios his old pal Hank, up at the dam



Weblink http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120696/
Weblink http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/477

Video: DVD Rip
Audio: AC 3  5.1 Engels Spaans
Subs: Engels Nederlands Spaans 
Menu:Yes
ID: 0xE0
Format: MPEG Video
Format version: Version 2
Bit rate mode: Variable
Width: 720 pixels
Height: 576 pixels
Display aspect ratio: 4:3
Frame rate: 25.000 fps
Standard: PAL 2.4
Cover: Yes

Enjoy The Movie