Restorer Ultimate Pro Network 6.0 build 601917


NEVER INSTALL any application (including data recovery software), WRITE the image file, or RESTORE files TO THE SAME 

LOGICAL DISK ON WHICH LOST FILES RESIDE. Otherwise, you may overwrite your data on the disk and LOSE THEM 

IRRETRIEVABLY.

	
Key features

Wide range of the supported file systems 	
Deep scan and automatic data analyze 	
Recovery from damaged partitions and hard drives formatted or affected by virus attack or power failure 	
Graphic, audio and video files preview 	
Disk, partition or its part image creation 	
Advanced search by file mask, size, date etc 	
Disk and file structure visualization 	
Damaged RAID recovery and reconstruction.* 	
Recovery over the network.**

Website:   http://www.bitmart.net 	

Restorer Ultimate's Benefits

    * Restorer Ultimate is an easy-to-use yet professional data recovery software product.
    * The intuitive, wizard-style interface is user friendly, even for tech novices.
    * Support for the FAT/FAT16/FAT32/exFAT/NTFS/NTFS5 file systems. In addition to these, the Restorer Ultimate PRO and 

Restorer Ultimate PRO Network editions also support the Ext2 FS / Ext3 FS / Ext4 FS , UFS1/UFS2, and HFS/HFS+ file 

systems.
    * With its SmartScan data recovery technology and the flexibility of adjusting various parameters, Restorer Ultimate gives 

you absolute control over the data recovery process even on corrupted or formatted hard drives.
    * Support for customizable, complex volume and stripe sets, mirrors, and RAIDs. You may explicitly specify block size and 

order, as well as offsets, and even create your own stripe block table. Created layouts can be saved and then loaded back.
    * Support for compressed image files to help you save space on your disks. The image file can be split into several parts 

for storing on various media like CD/DVD/Flash devices or for conforming to FAT file size limitations.
    * Detailed Help and Manual provide the software users with step-by-step instructions on how to use the product correctly 

and recover lost data efficiently.
    * The product offers you the option of doing either a quick undelete for recently deleted files or a deep disk scan for all 

files and partitions that have ever existed on the disk.
    * Graphics, video, and audio files can be previewed in the DEMO mode even if their native applications are not installed.
    * All found files can be recovered in DEMO mode, and registration is not required if file size is smaller than 128KB.
    * The software working in the DEMO mode can be licensed and activated on the fly; the user doesn't need to reinstall the 

software. It's not required to have an additional hard drive or partition to create an image of the entire hard drive and to 

save the scan result.* When the software is activated, the found files can be recovered without any limitations.
    * Recovered files can be saved to any media hard drive accessible by operating system, including local and network hard 

drives.
    * Restorer Ultimate Emergency Engine: If you have a computer that failed to boot, you can install Restorer Ultimate on one 

("data recovery workstation") computer and create a start-up disk to start up such computer. Then you can connect those 

two computers via network and have access to disks on the failed computer from the data recovery workstation.


Installation info:
1)run main setup 
2)when asked use the first provided user and Serial
3)Optional: u can install the remote restorer Ultimate network
4)use provided user and serial
5)Burn rescue bootiable iso
u can use many iso burning programs including nero
it lets you access or get your drive going again.
6)Enjoy from Slickinator

this is a AIO=all in one loader double click exe and use clickable buttons.
