Artist.......: The Vines
Album........: Future Primitive
Label........: Sony Music
Genre........: Rock
Catnr........: n/a
Source.......: CD (LP)
Rip.date.....: 2011-06-30
Str.date.....: 2011-06-20
Quality......: 274kbps/44.1kHz/Joint Stereo
Url..........: http://www.thevines.com

track  title                                          time

1.    Gimme Love                                     1:51
2.    Leave Me In The Dark                           1:59
3.    Candy Flippin Girl                             2:32
4.    A.S.4                                          3:20
5.    Weird Animals                                  2:01
6.    Cry                                            2:36
7.    Future Primitive                               1:54
8.    Riverview Avenue                               2:03
9.    Black Dragon                                   3:29
10.   All That You Do                                3:33
11.   Outro                                          3:47
12.   Goodbye                                        2:14
13.   S.T.W                                          2:19

Runtime  33:38
Size     66.25

Release Notes:

Formed in Australia in the late '90s, the Vines rose to
prominence during the garage rock revival of the early
2000s, joining bands such as the Hives, Jet, and the
Libertines in their confident swagger and punky energy.
While other groups took cues from the Stooges and MC5,
however, the Vines found inspiration elsewhere,
particularly in the grungy craft of Nirvana and the
melodic, psychedelic appeal of vintage British pop. The
combination helped make their debut album, 2002's Highly
Evolved, an international hit, while the erratic
behavior displayed by frontman Craig Nicholls (who was
later diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome) attracted a
considerable amount of media attention. Nicholls'
untreated condition came to a head several years later,
forcing the band to take an indefinite hiatus from
large-scale touring. Nevertheless, the Vines continued
to play sporadic shows while issuing new albums, the
bulk of which combined a garage rock foundation with
flashes of melodic psychedelia.

Future bandmates Craig Nicholls and Patrick Matthews met
while working at McDonalds in Sydney. With Matthews
playing bass, Nicholls handling guitar, and friend David
Oliffe playing drums, the three musicians began playing
Nirvana covers while steadily building a catalog of
original material. By 2001, the band's own sound had
attracted the attention of XL Records, the British label
responsible for issuing the White Stripes' albums in the
U.K. XL released the Vines' debut single that November,
leading to a European craze that saw NME praising the
band for "breathing new life into classic stuff." One
month after the single's release, the Vines inked a
contract with Heavenly Records in the U.K., a move that
afforded them enough leverage to sign with Australia's
EMI branch the following year.

As their buzz built overseas, the band decamped to Los
Angeles to record a full album with producer Rob
Schnapf. Drummer Hamish Rosser was brought aboard to
replace the departing Oliffe, and guitarist Ryan
Griffiths joined shortly thereafter. Now a competent
quartet, the Vines toured the U.K. in support of their
second single, the 90-second juggernaut "Highly
Evolved," and made their American debut at the Coachella
Music and Arts Festival in Indio, CA. The debut album
Highly Evolved then arrived in July 2002, sporting a
melodically brash sound that led to platinum sales in
Australia and gold certifications in the U.K. and United
States. The band also graced the cover of Rolling Stone
Magazine that October, accompanied by the headline "Rock
is Back: Meet the Vines."

However, the sophomore effort Winning Days failed to
live up to its predecessor, falling short in overall
sales and critical reception upon its release in 2004.
Furthermore, Nicholls' bratty behavior had spiraled into
something else entirely, culminating in a disastrous
hometown performance that found him berating the crowd.
Patrick Matthews responded by walking offstage and
quitting the band, while Nicholls proceeded to attack a
photographer after the show's premature finish. Charges
were later pressed, and it was revealed during the
resulting court date that Nicholls suffered from
Asperger's syndrome. The singer agreed to seek treatment
for the disorder; in the meantime, however, the Vines
canceled all shows in support of Winning Days, and
Matthews cemented his departure by joining the band
Youth Group.

The Vines' third album, Vision Valley, appeared in 2006,
featuring a back-to-basics combination of grunge anthems
and tight, focused garage punk. The band seemed to be
finding its footing again, but sales were nonetheless
poor, prompting the Vines' various labels (including
Capitol, their representation in America) to drop the
band in 2007. After partnering with the Sydney-based Ivy
League Records shortly thereafter, the Vines reprised
their relationship with producer Rob Schnapf and
recorded Melodia. Several tours were planned in advance
of its 2009 release, but Nicholls' condition once again
forced the Vines to take a break, resulting in the
cancellation of their Japanese tour as well as a
scheduled appearance at Homebake 2008.