Copied from the LibreOffice (The Document Foundation) homepage:


LibreOffice is the power-packed free, libre and open source personal productivity suite for Windows, Macintosh and GNU/Linux, that gives you six feature-rich applications for all your document production and data processing needs: Writer, Calc, Impress, Draw, Math and Base. Support and documentation is free from our large, dedicated community of users, contributors and developers.
You, too, can get involved!



Features:

LibreOffice is a comprehensive, professional-quality productivity suite that you can download and install for free. There is a large base of satisfied LibreOffice users worldwide, and it is available in more than 30 languages and for all major operating systems, including Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and GNU/Linux (Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, Mandriva, Suse, ...).

You can download, install and distribute LibreOffice freely, with no fear of copyright infringement.


What's outstanding about LibreOffice?

LibreOffice is a feature-packed and mature desktop productivity package with some really great advantages:

* It's free – no worry about license costs or annual fees.

* No language barriers – it's available in a large number of languages, with more being added continually.

* LGPL public license – you can use it, customize it, hack it and copy it with free user support and developer support from our active worldwide community and our large and experienced developer team.

* LibreOffice is a free software community-driven project: development is open to new talent and new ideas, and our software is tested and used daily by a large and devoted user community; you, too, can get involved and influence its future development.


LibreOffice gives you high quality:

* The roots of LibreOffice go back 20 years.
This long history means it's a stable and functional product.

* Thousands of users worldwide regularly take part in beta testing of new LibreOffice versions.

* Because the development process is completely open, LibreOffice has been extensively tested by security experts, giving you security and peace of mind.


LibreOffice is user-friendly:

* You get a simple-to-use yet powerful interface that is easy to personalize – Microsoft Office users will find the switch easy and painless, with a familiar look and feel.

* Compatible with all major competitors' file formats.
You can easily import files from Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint and many other formats, and can easily save to Microsoft Office and other formats when needed.

* LibreOffice is supported by a big worldwide community: volunteers help newcomers, and advanced users and developers can collaborate with you to find solutions to complex issues.


What does LibreOffice give you?

Writer is the word processor inside LibreOffice.
Use it for everything, from dashing off a quick letter to producing an entire book with tables of contents, embedded illustrations, bibliographies and diagrams.
The while-you-type auto-completion, auto-formatting and automatic spelling checking make difficult tasks easy (but are easy to disable if you prefer).
Writer is powerful enough to tackle desktop publishing tasks such as creating multi-column newsletters and brochures. The only limit is your imagination.

Calc tames your numbers and helps with difficult decisions when you're weighing the alternatives. Analyze your data with Calc and then use it to present your final output. Charts and analysis tools help bring transparency to your conclusions. A fully-integrated help system makes easier work of entering complex formulas. Add data from external databases such as SQL or Oracle, then sort and filter them to produce statistical analyses.
Use the graphing functions to display large number of 2D and 3D graphics from 13 categories, including line, area, bar, pie, X-Y, and net – with the dozens of variations available, you're sure to find one that suits your project.

Impress is the fastest and easiest way to create effective multimedia presentations. Stunning animation and sensational special effects help you convince your audience. Create presentations that look even more professional than the standard presentations you commonly see at work.
Get your collegues' and bosses' attention by creating something a little bit different.

Draw lets you build diagrams and sketches from scratch.
A picture is worth a thousand words, so why not try something simple with box and line diagrams? Or else go further and easily build dynamic 3D illustrations and special effects. It's as simple or as powerful as you want it to be.

Base is the database front-end of the LibreOffice suite.
With Base, you can seamlessly integrate your existing database structures into the other components of LibreOffice, or create an interface to use and administer your data as a stand-alone application. You can use imported and linked tables and queries from MySQL, PostgreSQL or Microsoft Access and many other data sources, or design your own with Base, to build powerful front-ends with sophisticated forms, reports and views. Support is built-in or easily addable for a very wide range of database products, notably the standardly-provided HSQL, MySQL, Adabas D, Microsoft Access and PostgreSQL.

Math is a simple equation editor that lets you lay-out and display your mathematical, chemical, electrical or scientific equations quickly in standard written notation. Even the most-complex calculations can be understandable when displayed correctly. E=mc2.

LibreOffice also comes configured with a PDF file creator, meaning you can distribute documents that you're sure can be opened and read by users of almost any computing device or operating system.


System Requirements

Linux

As a general rule, you are recommended to install LibreOffice via the installation methods recommended by your particular Linux distribution (such as the Ubuntu Software Center, in the case of Ubuntu Linux).
This is because it is usually the simplest way to obtain an installation that is optimally integrated into your system. Indeed, LibreOffice may well be already installed by default when you originally install your Linux operating system.


The community-supplied LibreOffice installers are provided for users having special needs, and for out-of-the-ordinary cases.


Some Linux distributions ship with their own “native” version of LibreOffice, which may have different features from the community-supplied version of LibreOffice. In many cases, you can install the community-supplied LibreOffice alongside a “native” version. However, you may prefer to remove the “native” version before installing a community-supplied version.
For details on how to do that, please consult the user help resources provided by your particular Linux vendor.


Please make sure you have enough free memory in the temporary directory on your system, and please ensure that read, write and run access rights have been granted. Close all other programs before starting the installation process.


The software and hardware prerequisites for installing on Linux are as follows:

* Linux kernel version 2.6.18 or higher;

* glibc2 version 2.5 or higher;

* gtk version 2.10.4 or higher;

* Pentium-compatible PC (Pentium III, Athlon or more-recent system recommended);

* 256Mb RAM (512Mb RAM recommended);

* Up to 1.55Gb available hard disk space;

* X Server with 1024x768 resolution (higher resolution recommended), with at least 256 colors;

* Gnome 2.16 or higher, with the gail 1.8.6 and at-spi 1.7 packages (required for support for assistive technology [AT] tools), or another compatible GUI (such as KDE, among others).


For certain features of the software - but not most - Java is required.
Java is notably required for Base.


It is a recommended best practice to back-up your system and data before you remove or install software.


This description is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License (CC BY-SA 3.0). This does not include the source code of LibreOffice, which is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPLv3).


eD2k Link:
ed2k://|file|LibO_3.4.5_Linux_x86-64_install-rpm_en-US.tar.gz|168834387|DF21B2B13105B4EE7C6934617630B179|h=WEDZI5LRUAP3VYMAIXC5KM7QH7GMJZC5|/


Comments from the uploader (olofolleola4):
As it is written in the text above, some functions of this software requires Java Runtime Enviroment to be installed. You can download Java Runtime Enviroment here: 
http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp

Or if you want to be as free as possible, use OpenJDK.