An alternative daily newschannel. One hour with news as you do not see it elsewhere.
 
http://www.democracynow.org

Headlines for Nov 22, 2011

-  Thousands Gather In Egypt's Tahrir Square in Fourth Day of Mass Protests
-  Study: Greenhouse Gasses Blamed For Global Warming Reach Record Levels
-  Bipartisan "Supercommittee" Fails to Agree on Federal Deficit
-  Two Occupy Wall Street Protesters Sue NYPD For False Arrest, Excessive Force
-  15 Arrested at Bank of America Anti-Foreclosure Sit-In
-  15 Students Arrested in New York City Rally Against University Tuition Increases
-  University Of California Davis Protesters Set Up Camp Near Site Of Controversial Pepper-Spray Incident
-  Questions of Entrapment Raised in New York City Terror Arrest
-  Pakistani Taliban Declares Nationwide Ceasefire
-  Western Nations Announce Sanctions Against Iran's Banks
-  Brazil Fines Chevron $28 Million Following Oil Spill
-  New York Foreclosure Firm That Mocked Homeless to Close Down


Special reports

- Egyptian Revolution Enters New Phase As Thousands Brave Violence to Protest Military Rule

Activists in Egypt are holding their fourth day of massive demonstrations to demand an end to military rule and a transition to a civilian government. The protests continue amidst a massive crackdown and an offer to resign from Egypt's interim cabinet. Reports from Cairo's main morgue said at least 33 people have been killed and more than 1,500 wounded in the military government's crackdown. The turmoil comes as Egypt is scheduled to begin holding parliamentary elections on Monday. "I can't see how a legitimate election can take place when you have such state-sponsored brutality happening in the heart of the capital city of the country," says Democracy Now! correspondent Sharif Abdel Kouddous, who joins us for an update from Cairo. "What many Egyptians have been seeing over these past 10 months has been that the revolution has been abused and stolen and deformed, and that the military council in Egypt has really not lived up to any of its promises in this transitional period, from human rights abuses to just their complete grip on power."


- America's Not Broke: Solving the Debt Crisis By Making Nation More Equitable, Green & Secure

The bipartisan so-called "supercommittee" has failed to reach an agreement on reducing the federal deficit after three months of negotiations over taxes and spending. The full Congress will now have a little over a year to come up with an alternative. A trigger of $1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts over 10 years to military and domestic programs takes effect in 2013. "What people need to remember is that we are a rich country and that this crisis is actually an opportunity to harness our abundant resources in ways that will position us better for the future," says Sarah Anderson, co-author of a new report from the Institute for Policy Studies, "America Isn't Broke: "How to Pay for the Crisis While Making the Country More Equitable, Green, and Secure."


- Reporter Greg Palast Exposes How U.S. "Vulture" Funds Make Millions By Exploiting African Nations

American "vulture" investors, including a top funder of the Republican Party, have demanded that African nations pay over half a billion dollars for old debts - for which the investors paid only a few million. One New York vulture speculator, Peter Grossman of FG Capital Management, is demanding $100 million from the Democratic Republic of Congo. Is he collecting a legitimate debt from the Congo - or is the vulture's claim based on a stolen security? Greg Palast reports from the Congo, Bosnia and New York in the joint investigation by the BBC, the Guardian and Democracy Now!
 
http://www.democracynow.org
