Live From the Atlantic Studios is a live album by AC/DC released on the Bonfire box set. The album was recorded live at the Atlantic Recording Studios in New York, on 7 December 1977 and all tracks were remixed by George Young. This was an official Radio Station/Promo release by Atlantic Records[1]. It was initially released on LP in 1978, and later on CD (1986). AC/DC's performance was the first in a series of promotional concert-events for Atlantic Records acts. Catalog # LAAS 001. The CD version was officially released to fans in 1997 as part of the Bonfire collection. Prior to that, this album was widely bootlegged among AC/DC fans.

This album is one of two live albums in Bonfire, the other being Let There Be Rock: The Movie – Live in Paris. Both albums are two of three live albums contained within a AC/DC rarity box set, the other being Live Rarities in Backtracks.

On the CD version of the album, it is stated in the booklet that the beginnings of "Live Wire" and "Rocker"'s master tapes were erased sometime before 1997 and had to be replaced with short segments from the vinyl record. This task proved difficult because the album was only offered to radio stations in the United States. A slight edit can be heard in both songs where the vinyl source switches to the remastered tapes.

Bon Scott - Lead Vocals
Angus Young - Lead Guitar
Malcolm Young - Rhythm Guitar, Backing Vocals
Cliff Williams - Bass Guitar, Backing Vocals
Phil Rudd - Drums

by WIKIPEDIA

TRACKLIST:

01 - Open.wma                                                    
02 - Live Wire.wma                                               
03 - Proplem Child.wma                                           
04 - High Voltage.wma                                            
05 - Hell Ain't A Bad Place To Be.wma                            
06 - Dog Eat Dog.wma                                             
07 - The Jack.wma                                                
08 - Whole Lotta Rosie.wma                                       
09 - Rocker.wma  

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO