Harrison Mixbus v2.0.3 MAC OSX


Mixbus™ is a full-featured Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) with "True Analog Mixing"™: a combination of Harrison's world-renowned sound and features in a knob-per-function interface. Mixbus™ provides a solution for engineers and mixers who need a recorder, editor and mixing system with world-class sound and features.

Traditional DAW mixers were designed by companies with no pedigree in music mixing. Harrison consoles are known for their great-sounding EQ, filters, dynamics, and bus summing on every track. Now Mixbus offers every engineer a real Harrison music console "in the box". With Mixbus's logical knob-per-function interface, the user works with the fluidity of a traditional analog recording studio while retaining the convenience of a DAW. Mixbus enables the user to record, edit, and mix a musical performance "in the box" but get a sound that rivals the golden age of album recordings.

Mixbus Features:
Straightforward “knob per function” mixer layout based on Harrison's renowned 32-series and MR-series music consoles.
Precision DSP algorithms for EQ, Filter, Compression, Analog Tape Saturation, and Summing based on Harrison's world-renowned large format analog and digital mixing consoles.
Unlimited stereo or mono input channels (based on available CPU power) featuring High-pass Filter, EQ, Compression, and 8 Mix Bus sends on every channel.
8 Stereo Mix Buses (can be used for groups or auxes) featuring Tone controls, Compression, Sidechaining, and Analog Tape Saturation.
Stereo Master Bus that features Tone controls, Analog Tape Saturation, K-meter, Stereo Correlation Meter, and Limiting to help you make polished mixes.
Plugin delay compensation to support effects such as parallel compression.
Comprehensive "at-a-glance" metering with peak, peak hold, and compressor gain reduction visible on every track and bus.
Extensive DAW features via the Ardour Digital Audio Workstation.
Supports AudioUnit plugins and any CoreAudio interface. ( Mac OSX )
Supports LADSPA plugins and any JACK-capable interface. ( Linux )





