Nuance ScanSoft PDF Converter Professional v7.1 x86 Multilingual Incl Keymaker-AGAiN

PDF Converter Professional 7 is powerful, intelligent PDF software that enables business users to create, convert, edit, assemble and share PDF files with colleagues or customers.

It’s the smarter way for savvy professionals and knowledge workers to:
- Convert paper and PDF into Microsoft Office documents
- Search and highlight information in PDFs
- Control, view, edit, and print documents with complete security
- Be more productive
- Securely and efficiently collaborate
- Reduce your environmental footprint

Create PDF files from virtually any PC application - Instantly create 100-percent industry-standard PDFs that are fully compliant with other PDF viewers. Add bookmarks and transfer hyperlinks when creating PDF documents from Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.

Convert PDF files into fully formatted documents - Convert PDF files into Microsoft® Word, Excel®, PowerPoint®, XPS, and Corel® WordPerfect documents—complete with the fully formatted text, columns, tables, and graphics that are far more accurate that with over any other software. Nuance PDF 7 combines all pages of a PDF document into a single Excel worksheet to eliminate tedious cutting and pasting.

Scan more productively - Create PDF files directly from your scanner. A scanner setup wizard walks you through the steps required for perfect, one-click scanning to PDF. Scan to standard image, searchable, or editable PDF formats. Scan and highlight, cross-out, or underline — all in a single step. Even scan directly to an existing file. Automatic page rotation and granular control options ensure quality scanning results every time.

Create searchable PDF files and fillable forms - The auto-detect feature automatically identifies an “image-only” PDF file and offers to make it searchable or editable with a single click. It also offers to run FormTyper™ to convert it into a fillable PDF form that you can complete, save, and e-mail.

Enjoy a better user experience - It’s never been easier to work with Microsoft Office and image files in document assembly and portfolios. Preview individual pages within Nuance PDF 7 before assembling documents or extracting files from PDF portfolios for significant time savings. Support for Windows 7 Jump Lists provides quick access to recent files and common PDF creation and conversion tasks.

Assemble documents with ease - Combine files and remove or replace pages with drag-and-drop ease. View and select pages from a source document — such as XPS, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, WordPerfect, JPG, BMP, or TIF — to insert into a target document. Just drag and drop the pages to automatically convert them to PDF and add them into the PDF file.

Perform smarter searches - An intelligent “Looks Like” search capability let you quickly find content, such as phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and Social Security numbers, via an alphanumeric pattern rather than exact text. Automatically highlight, cross-out, or underline search results for faster, easier PDF editing.

Manage multi-layer graphics - Better manage graphics with the ability to view, select, merge and flatten layers created by programs like AutoCAD® and Microsoft Visio®.

Bring multimedia to PDF - Embed Flash® and Microsoft Silverlight® into PDF files to create multimedia marketing and technical documents — quickly and easily — with remarkable results.

Enhance document security - Flatten a multi-layered PDF file or a file with comments to a single layer for enhanced document security. This feature is especially useful for limiting document modification during archiving or e-filing.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                  
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                 
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	
				