New York was wearing on Kyle Wilson, lead singer and songwriter for the Brooklyn-based quintet Milagres. So he took off, away from the city and his band and his issues, all the way to the coldest, most remote part of British Columbia where he could get some space and breathe. As so often happens in life, he got a little more space than he bargained for during a rock climbing trip he fell and ended up spending months bedridden with a back injury. Before he left New York, Wilson had thought he might leave the band behind entirely. But during the long days of his recovery he found himself writing songs again, and he realized he wanted to go back. Upon his return to NYC, Wilson drafted Fraser McCulloch (bass, backing vocals, keys) into his new vision of Milagres, sharing with him the arrangements that he dreamt of while recovering from his injury. These demos were then refined with the addition of Eric Schwortz (guitar, backing vocals, percussion), Chris Brazee (piano, keys) and Steven Leventhal (drums, percussion), evolving into what would become the new groups first LP, Glowing Mouth. The musical scope of the album is big and due to the piano-based melodies and soaring falsettos, early press has compared the band to artists as diverse as Grizzly Bear and Prince, demonstrating the wide breadth of Milagres material. Kyle Wilson has a knack for writing dreamy story songs that also pack a punch in both chorus and melody. Songs like Gentle Beast and Gone suck you in and then haunt you for days afterwards. Glowing Mouth is an album that stays with you.

Released: Sept 13, 2011
Genre: Rock
Style: Indie
Source: CD
Codec: FLAC
Channels: Stereo
Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz
Bit Rate: ~846
Bits per Sample: 16
Covers: Front

Tracks: 

 1. Halfway
 2. Here to Stay
 3. Glowing Mouth
 4. Gentle Beast
 5. Lost in the Dark
 6. Fright of Thee
 7. Moon on the Seas Gate
 8. Gone
 9. For Disposal
 10. To Be Imagined
 11. Doubted

More Info:
 
http://allmusic.com/album/glowing-mouth-r2220847