-------------------------------  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1390397/

 4,5


A fierce and contemporary urban drama, Baseline tells a story of love, loss and loyalty. Charting the rise and fall of Danny as he tries to build an empire for himself on the East End club scene, it's a provocative insight into the brutal realm of gang rivalry. 

Working as a bouncer at The Baseline, the popular grime club, Danny is used to breaking up fights and managing drunken kids, but is abruptly hurtled into the underworld he has tried so hard to avoid when he rescues Terry the club owner and local gang leader, from a hit man. His loyalty earns him a quick promotion to club manager but only with the Faustian condition he first turn a blind eye, and eventually actively participate in, the bleak deals being done off the dance-floor by Terry's number 2, Joe. 

After meeting a beautiful nurse, Jessica he attempts to break free of Terry's grip by setting up on his own, but he soon finds out there's no such thing as a clean slate when his best friend Paul is released from jail with a grudge against Danny and a debt to Terry he cannot possibly repay. Danny soon has to make the ultimate sacrifice when he has to choose between loyalty, morality and his last chance for freedom. 



Director Brendon O'Loughlin
Certificate 18 years and over
Year 2010
Screen Widescreen 2.35:1
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1)
Subtitles Swedish
Duration 1 hour and 32 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Jamie Foreman, Mark Munro, Dexter Fletcher, Zoe Tapper, Gordon Alexander, Freddie Connor, Gary Stretch & Gemma Atkinson

Baseline [2010 PAL DVD][En Subs[Sv]

Beskrivning på Svenska
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jobbet som hårdför dörrvakt vid The Baseline - den hetaste nattklubben i det skitiga östra Londons allra tuffaste kvarter - har gjort den obrottsligt lojale Danny, mot sin vilja, mycket populär bland höjdarna i stans undre värld.

Dannys liv förändras dramatiskt i samma ögonblick som han räddar klubbägaren och tillika gangsterbossen Terry, från att bli nedskjuten av en utskickad yrkesmördare. Danny blir snabbt befordrad och snart står han mitt uppe i den brutala kriminella verklighet som han hela tiden försökt undvika att bli en del av. Hela hans tillvaro ställs på sin allra yttersta spets när han plötsligt tvingas anta ett ödesdigert uppdrag där hans bäste vän hamnar mitt i skottlinjen....

Speltid 96 min
EAN-kod 7300011238502
Textning Svenska
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 5.1)
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk
Lokal titel Baseline
Orginal titel Baseline
Genre Thriller
Produktionsland England
Premiärår 2010
Regi Brendon O'Loughlin
Manus Rishi Opel
