Downloader Message
The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father to Bless All that SEED LONG!!!
Description
                                           POtHS
                         Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth






POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 96 - Inside The Freemasons The Grand Lodge Uncovered - 2010

This is memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech  --  High Speed Server

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 96 - Inside The Freemasons The Grand Lodge Uncovered - 2010

This is more proof of The EVIL that hides inside Freemasonry and ALL other Secret Societies. Their Stench permeates everything they come in contact with. Pure filth they are and Another Tax Exempt Church because Freemasonry is a Religion that is Luciferian up to it's ball. Most Freemasons however never make it above the Third Degree however. Because only scumbags get to advance under the Law of Lucifer past the 3rd degree. Al Bedo shriners are higher Ranking than Freemasons. The worship The Light Bringer, Lucifer and that is a documented fact.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

This is what is coming and more.
If you do not believe in The Rapture and Jesus, you will need to Study The Below Survival videos.

More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?aid=13&adid=79 
http://www.theberean.org/

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                                                         

            ( thankyou ) :thankyou:    ( thankyou ) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    




 

 

 