
Edit Video, Audio & Image

Video Editor supports a wide range of video and audio file formats. Plus, the photos captured by digital cameras and scanners.
Whether you are editing between multifarious videos such as Flash/YouTube video, HD video, Mobile video, Windows Media, QuickTime, general video, audio or image files, they can be done in a matter of clicks.
Unique Timeline & Storybox Panels

Edit video, add transition and video effect, overlay video, mix audio tracks, add subtitles on timeline and storybox panels.
The timeline panel gives you complete visual control when you edit video. The Storybox panel lets you change the order of clips and replace the transitions between videos and photos by drag-and-drop.
Save Movie for Various Devices

Convert video, audio, and image files into avi, wmv, mpg, asf, mkv, m2ts, flv, 3gp, mp4 for iPod, iPhone, iPad, PSP, etc.
Come with optimized and classified conversion profiles for hundreds of multimedia devices. Customized video by adjusting video and audio parameters. You can use two-pass encoding to produce better results.
Apply Transition & Video Effect

Create gorgeous movies and photo slideshows with more than twenty built-in transitions and special video effects.
There are lots of preset transitions and video effects to be added to the videos and photo slideshows to join separate episodes smoothly with each other. With the amazing transitions and artistic video effects, you can create professional-looking movies.
Video Overlay & Audio Mix

Superpose a video or an image over the video clip that is going to be edited and mix up multiple audio tracks and video.
Use the overlay effect to superimpose a video or an image over the video clip or image that is going to be edited. Mix multiple audio tracks, and let them override the original movie sound or just, for instance, supplement it with some music.
Add Watermarks & Subtitles

Import an image file to create a unique watermark to brand your creations and insert external srt subtitles to your movie.
Embed an image watermark, for example, a logo, into the video to protect your copyright avoiding piracy or personalize the visual material. You are also allowed to add srt subtitle to video files, so that you can watch movie with subtitles.
Burn Movie to Standard DVD Disc

Burn movie project onto a CD-R/RW, DVD+/-R, DVD+/-RW, DVD-RAM, Double/Dual Layer DVD disc to be played in a standard DVD player.
After applying effects and add specially designed menus to your videos, you can burn your movie project to DVD for playback on TV, or as a standalone video file for enjoying on web and portable devices.
New! Burn Movie to AVCHD Disc

Burn movie project onto AVCHD Disc to be played in many Blu-ray Disc players or on a Playstation 3 gaming console.
It supports burning various audio files, photos, and all popular standard definition and high definition videos including AVI, WMV, MP4, MPG, MKV, M2TS, MOD, DivX, Xvid, M2T, TOD, etc. to AVCHD disc.
New! Burn Movie to Blu-ray Disc

Burn movie project onto Blu-ray disc that offers more than five times the storage capacity of traditional DVDs.
High definition videos such as MTS, M2TS, MOD, TS, TP, MKV, and MOD which shot by camera/camcorders like Canon, Panasonic, Sony, JVC AVCHD can be easily burn to a 25GB write-once layer (BD-R) .
Platform

crack included