Massive Attack - Protection [FLAC] TNT Village

.: Release Originale :.
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/index.php?showtopic=63669

Massive Attack is a collaborative music production duo from Bristol, UK. Working with co-producers, as well as various session musicians and guest vocalists, they make records and tour live. The duo are considered to be progenitors of the trip hop genre. DJs Grantley "Grant" Evan Marshall (a.k.a. Daddy G or "G"), Andrew "Andy" Lee Isaac Vowles (a.k.a. Mushroom or "Mush") and graffiti artist-turned-MC (later turned-singer) Robert Del Naja (a.k.a. 3D or "D") met as members of DJ/MC partying collective, The Wild Bunch. One of the first homegrown soundsystems in the UK, The Wild Bunch became dominant on the Bristol club scene in the mid-1980s. Massive Attack started as a spin-off production trio in 1988, with the independently-released song, "Any Love", sung by falsetto-voiced singer-songwriter Carlton McCarthy, and then, with considerable backing from Neneh Cherry, they signed to Circa Records in 1990 – committing to deliver six studio albums and a "best of" compilation.

It is the second and last Massive Attack album listed in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Protection was featured in the top ten of Rolling Stone magazine's 'Coolest Albums of All Time List,' calling it "great music for when you're driving around a city at 4 am," due to the 'chill out' nature of the album. Like most of Massive Attack's albums, the music often defies categorisation, ranging from R&B (title track, Sly) to hip hop/rap (Karmacoma, Eurochild) to reggae-tinged synthpop (Spying Glass) to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals (Weather Storm, Heat Miser). Paul Evans of Rolling Stone gave the album three and a half of five stars calling it "Cool, sexy stuff, it smoothly fuses dub, club and soul, grounding its grace in sampled hip-hop beats."

.: Cover :.
 
http://img703.imageshack.us/img703/7493/protection1994.jpg

.: TrackList :.

1. Protection
2. Karmacoma
3. Three
4. Weather storm
5. Spying glass
6. Better things
7. Eurochild
8. Sly
9. Heat miser
10. Light my fire (live)
