       
                   PART  309


       OLIVIA NEWTON -JOHN  - Banks Of the Ohio (1972)
       VICKY LEANDROS  -  Apres toi  (1972)
       JEANETTE  -  Porque te vas  (1974)
       BONNIE TYLER  -  Lost In France  (1976)



   "'Banks of the Ohio'" is a 19th century "murder ballad" ("murder ballads" are a sub-genre of the traditional ballad form, the lyrics of which form a narrative describing the events of a murder) , written by unknown authors, in which "Willie" invites his young lover for a walk during which she rejects his marriage proposal. Once they are alone on the river bank, he murders the young woman.The first recording of the song was by Red Patterson's Piedmont Log Rollers on August 12, 1927. The song has since been recorded numerous times, such as by New Lost City Ramblers, The Wolfe Tones, Henry Whitter, Ernest Stoneman, Clayton McMichen, The Carter Family, Blue Sky Boys (whose version, performed in 1936, appears in the soundtrack of the 1973 film Paper Moon), Johnny Cash, Porter Wagoner, Pete Seeger, Monroe Brothers, Joan Baeza and  Olivia Newton-John.
      
   "Après toi" (French for "After you") was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1972 performed in French by Greek singer Vicky Leandros, representing Luxembourg. The song was co-written by Leandros' father Leandros Papathanasiou, also known as Leo Leandros, under his pseudonym Mario Panas. This was Vicky Leandros' second entry in the Contest. In 1967 she had finished 4th with "L'amour est bleu" (better known under its English title "Love is Blue") which subsequently went on to become a worldwide hit when covered by French orchestra leader Paul Mauriat. The song was released in Britain in an English translation, "Come What May", also sung by Vicky Leandros, which reached no. 2 in the UK charts. Leandros also recorded the song in Italian ("Dopo Te"), German ("Dann kamst du"), Spanish ("Y Despues"), Greek ("Mono Esi") and Japanese ("Omoide Ni Ikiru "). Just like "L'amour est bleu", the song was also covered in a large number of other languages; in Finland, Carola Standertskjöld recorded a version in Finnish as "Tulethan – rakastan", in Sweden Ann-Louise Hanson recorded it in a Swedish translation under the title "Vad än sker" and in Spain, Paloma San Basilio sang it in Spanish as "Si te vas".

   "Por que te vas" (Because you're leaving) is a song performed by Jeanette written by José Luis Perales and remained relatively unknown at the start of 1974. Only when the song was used in Carlos Saura's 1976 film Cría Cuervos (Raise Ravens), and the film went on to be honored at the Cannes Film Festival (Jury grand prize) and the Berlin Film Festival (jury special prize), did the song become internationally known and a hit. In Austria it reached number 13, in Switzerland number 4, and in Germany it even reached number 1.

   "Lost in France" is a debut single by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler, released in 1976. It was written by Ronnie Scott and Steve Wolfe. The song was included in her debut album "The World Starts Tonight" in 1977. "Lost In France" was her first single to sell a million records.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
