David Garrett
Rock Symphonies (2010)

The child of an American mother and a German father, prodigy violin soloist David Garrett, born David Bongartz in Aachen, Germany, reached and surpassed many an important milestone before his matriculation at Juilliard in New York. David's interest in violin began at the age of four, when his older brother received a violin from his father -- who himself was a antique stringed-instrument dealer. 
A year later, David had already won a competition, and by seven he was playing in public as often as possible. Within five more years, David had gone on to perform with an orchestra (playing Mozart) and at the age of ten made his concert debut. As his teenage years dawned, David had already released two albums and appeared on television. This kind of talent was quickly picked up by Deutsche Grammophone, which offered and signed a contract with the violinist when he was only 14 years old. He graduated from Juilliard in New York in 2004, after having been a student with Itzhak Perlman. David Garrett has performed with many of the world's orchestras, and in 2007 he played with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, touring the United States with the orchestra in 2008. In 2009 he released a self-titled album on the Decca label. The varied repertoire included music from Bizet, a version of “Dueling Banjos” plus a cover version of Michael Jackson’s “Smooth Criminal”. A year later he returned with Rock Symphonies, an album featuring material from Nirvana, Guns ‘N’ Roses, and Metallica. 

Channels:		2 (stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Symphonic Rock/Classical		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

After a self-titled release that flirted with pop crossover, violinist David Garrett dives deep into that world with his 2010 effort, an album that rocks like its 1766. Most arrangements are simple as Garrett takes the melodies from Nirvana’s “Smells Like Teen Spirit" and Led Zeppelin’s “Kashmir” and plays them furiously in front of an equally aggressive orchestra that’s augmented by electric guitars and a standard rock kit drummer. No great revelations to be had, but the tracks work well enough, recasting some of rock’s classics as Romantic-era works that are prime for television commercials designed to sell diamonds or wine to the post-Woodstock set. Rock Symphonies exceeds its predecessor when it comes to the more clever cuts, such as the “Vivaldi vs. Vertigo,” a mash-up of Vivaldi’s Four Seasons and U2’s “Vertigo.” Fun how “The 5th” messes with Beethoven’s -- heck, classical music’s -- most famous piece and how his take on “Walk This Way” references the Aerosmith and Run-D.M.C. version before turning into a fiddle-led hoedown. Keep in mind, the showy Garrett is a polarizing figure in the classical community, so don’t expect your snootier friends to agree, but if your kids spend way too much time behind the violin, this just might turn them on to rock & roll. 


01.Smells Like Teen Spirit
02.November Rain
03.The 5th
04.Walk This Way
05.Toccata
06.Vivaldi Vs. Vertigo
07.Master Of Puppets
08.80's Anthem
09.Live And Let Die
10.Asturias
11.Kashmir


Enjoy...