 http://bayimg.com/OajLAaADB

Roadie (1980) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081433/

Travis W. Redfish (Meat Loaf, Formula 51) is a small town boy who likes the finer things in life—country music, beer, and chewing tobacco. He lives at home with his wacky disabled father Corpus (Art Carney, TV's immortal classic The Honeymooners) and his obnoxiously rural sister Alice Poo (Rhonda Bates) While en route delivering some beer with his buddy B.B. (Gailard Sartain), Travis meets a young rock and roll groupie named Lola Bouilliabase (Kaki Hunter), whose only goal in life is to lose her virginity to rock star Alice Cooper (played with impressive realism by Alice Cooper). Smitten, Travis hopes to win Lola's affections by heading cross country with her in a traveling rock band as their number one roadie! Along the way, Travis meets some of the biggest names in rock history—well, at least for 1980—including Roy Orbison, Hank Williams, Jr., Blondie, and many others. Through various cities and venues, Travis and Lola will find that love is the glue that holds rock and roll together! Freebird!

  Meat Loaf  ...  Travis W. Redfish  
  Kaki Hunter  ...  Lola Bouilliabase  
  Art Carney  ...  Corpus C. Redfish  
  Gailard Sartain  ...  B.B. Muldoon  
  Don Cornelius  ...  Mohammed Johnson  
  Rhonda Bates  ...  Alice Poo  
  Joe Spano  ...  Ace  
  Richard Marion  ...  George  
  Sonny Carl Davis  ...  Bird (as Sonny Davis)  
  Ginger Varney  ...  Weather Girl  
  Al Mays  ...  Mohammed's Bodyguard  
  Cindy Wills  ...  Prom Queen  
  Allan Graf  ...  Tiny  
  Merle Kilgore  ...  Himself  
  Jack Elliott  ...  Himself (as Ramblin' Jack Elliott)  

Roadie is a movie that must be watched on its own terms—while the comedy is childish and overblown, the music is rocking and impressive. Aside of Art Carney, I don't think there's a respectable actor in this whole film (and if you write me to sat Meat Loaf is a "respectable" actor, I'll call your mama and have her beat yo' behind with a soul ladle). The story, conceived by director Alan Rudolph (Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle) and soft-core porn master Zalman King (Red Shoe Diaries), is a hodgepodge of ideas and jokes that never totally gel. Meat Loaf storms around the screen huffing and puffing while his love interest Kaki Hunter displays a set of teeth that appear to have been pounded into her gums with a jackhammer. Each of these actors play their respective roles with such over-the-top glee and zaniness that even animator Chuck Jones couldn't have produced better cartoon characters. Topping off their performances is Art Carney as Redfish's wheelchair-bound pop, tooling around in his house like it was a reject from Pee-Wee's Playhouse. 

Along the way Roy Orbison pops up to perform a duet with Hank Williams, Jr., Blondie struts on screen to belt out a few of her hits, and Alice Cooper shows that he's got a sense of humor by having dinner at a fancy restaurant with Redfish and Lola while dressed in leather and make-up, all the while sporting his trademark boa constrictor. 

I believe that your enjoyment of Roadie will depend on two key questions: 1.) do you like movies from the early 1980s featuring bar fights, gags involving alien spaceships, and Meat Loaf? and 2.) as the Cheap Trick main title song asks, will everything really work out if you let it? Confucius says that if you answer yes to both of these riddles, Roadie is a trip that may be worth taking.

Robert Altman protégé Alan Rudolph has imbued his best-loved work with a signature blend of glamorous Hollywood iconography, outsized romanticism, and oddball humanism. Rudolph's predilection for the lush glamour of classic films might make him an odd director for a Meat Loaf vehicle, but 1980's Roadie (just released on a no-frills DVD) is a marriage made in heaven rather than the shotgun wedding it initially appears to be. Boasting a story co-written by Rudolph, future softcore schlockmeister Zalman King, and screenwriters Big Boy Medlin and Michael Ventura, the film casts Loaf as an amiable hillbilly whose MacGyver-like way with electronics comes in handy when he encounters a broken-down tour bus. Future Porky's trilogy veteran Kaki Hunter co-stars as one of the bus' passengers, a virginal, deluded 16-year-old would-be groupie who is saving herself for the right man–who, regrettably, happens to be Alice Cooper. Intoxicated by Hunter, Loaf begins working as a roadie, quickly developing a reputation as the greatest roadie that ever lived. His new profession takes him out of Texas for the first time and introduces him to a strange, exciting new world populated by the likes of Cooper, Hank Williams Jr., Roy Orbison, and the members of Blondie and Asleep At The Wheel. The rock-world milieu lends itself surprisingly well to Rudolph's directorial trademarks, and Loaf and Hunter acquit themselves nicely as typical Rudolph dreamers out of step with the world at large. Roadie feels like it would fall apart if it slowed down for a minute, but the director keeps the spirits high and the tone good-natured from start to finish. The film makes terrific use of its rock-star-studded cast, deriving laughs from the contrast between Cooper's over-the-top shtick and the schlubby ordinariness of his offstage personality. Rudolph similarly exploits Blondie's heavily stylized new-wave weirdness to memorable effect, but the film's real standout is Soul Train mastermind Don Cornelius, who steals his every scene as a vaguely Don King-like promoter with a knack for making grand pronouncements in a comically theatrical fashion.

Soundtrack

"Driving My Life Away"
Written by Eddie Rabbitt, Even Stevens and David Malloy
Performed by Eddie Rabbitt
Produced by David Malloy (uncredited)
Courtesy of Elektra Records

"Your Precious Love"
Written by Nick Ashford (as Nickolas Ashford) and Valerie Simpson
Performed by Stephen Bishop and Yvonne Elliman
Production & Sound by Bones Howe (uncredited)
Stephen Bishop courtesy of Warner Bros. Records

"Can't We Try"
Written by Ronald Miller and Ken Hirsch
Performed by Teddy Pendergrass
Produced by John R. Faith (uncredited) and Teddy Pendergrass (uncredited) for Teddy Bear Productions
Courtesy of Philadelphia International Records

"That Lovin' You Feelin' Again"
Written by Roy Orbison and Chris Price
Performed by Roy Orbison and Emmylou Harris
Produced by Brian Ahern (uncredited) for Happy Sack Productions
Emmylou Harris courtesy of Warner Bros. Records

"Everything Works If You Let It"
Written by Rick Nielsen
Performed by Cheap Trick
Produced by George Martin (uncredited)
Courtesy of Epic Records

"You Better Run"
Written by Felix Cavaliere and Edward Brigati
Performed by Pat Benatar
Produced by Keith Olsen (uncredited)
Courtesy of Chrysalis Records, Inc.

"Brainlock"
Written by Joe Ely
Performed by Joe Ely Band
Produced by Michael Brovsky (uncredited)
Courtesy of MCA Records, Inc.

"Road Rats"
Written by Alice Cooper and Dick Wagner (as Richard Wagner)
Performed by Alice Cooper
Produced by Todd Rundgren (uncredited)
Additional Engineering by John Michael Weaver (uncredited)
Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records

"Pain"
Written by Alice Cooper, Davey Johnstone and Fred Mandel
Performed by Alice Cooper
Produced by Todd Rundgren (uncredited)
Additional Engineering by John Michael Weaver (uncredited)
Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records

"Crystal Ball"
Written by Tommy Shaw
Performed by Styx
Produced by Styx (uncredited)
Courtesy of A&M Records, Inc.

"Ring Of Fire"
Written by June Carter Cash (as June Carter) and Merle Kilgore
Performed by Blondie
Produced by Blondie (uncredited)
Courtesy of Chrysalis Records, Inc.

"Hopes Up High"
By Joe Ely
Performed by Joe Ely Band
Courtesy of MCA Records, Inc.

"Outlaw Women"
Written by Hank Williams Jr.
Performed by Hank Williams Jr.
Courtesy of Elektra Records and Curb Productions

"Eyes Of Texas"
Written by John Lang Sinclair (as J.L. Sinclair)
Performed by Hank Williams Jr. and Roy Orbison
Hank Williams Jr. courtesy of Elektra Records and Curb Productions

"Family Tradition"
Written by Hank Williams Jr.
Performed by Hank Williams Jr.
Courtesy of Elektra Records and Curb Productions

"Gonna Raise Hell"
Written by Rick Nielsen
Performed by Cheap Trick
Courtesy of Epic Records

"(Hot Damn) I'm A One Woman Man"
Written by Michael Dosco and Edward Whiting
Performed by Jerry Lee Lewis
Courtesy of Elektra Records

"Dance This Mess Around"
Written by Keith Strickland, Cindy Wilson, Ricky Wilson (as Rick Wilson), 
Kate Pierson and Fred Schneider
Performed by The B-52's
Courtesy of Island Records

"Double Yellow Line"
Written by Sue Saad, Anthony Riparetti (as Tomy Riparetti), James Lance and Jeff Monday
Performed by Sue Saad and The Next
Courtesy of Planet Records

"A Man Needs A Woman"
Written by Steve Cropper and John Lewis Parker
Performed by Jay Ferguson

"American Way"
Written by Hank Williams Jr.
Performed by Hank Williams Jr.
Courtesy of Elektra Records and Curb Productions

"Beaumont Rag"
Arranged by Ray Benson and 'Danny Levin' 
Performed by Asleep at the Wheel

"Texas Me And You"
Written by Ray Benson
Performed by Asleep at the Wheel

"Only Women Bleed"
Written by Alice Cooper and Dick Wagner (as Richard Wagner)
Performed by Alice Cooper
Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records

"Foolish Faith"
Written by Leslie Simonds
Performed by Alvin Crow

"Wedding Jig"
Arranged by Alvin Crow
Performed by Alvin Crow

"Brown Eyed Sweet"
By Adolph Hofner And His Texans

