S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Orcs Must Die! (c) Robot Entertainment

09-10-2011........Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...............Steam
Action...............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Slice them, burn them, skewer them, and launch them - no matter how you
get it done, orcs must die in this fantasy action-strategy game from
Robot Entertainment.

As a powerful War Mage with dozens of deadly weapons, spells, and traps
at your fingertips, defend twenty-four fortresses from a rampaging mob
of beastly enemies, including ogres, hellbats, and of course, a whole
bunch of ugly orcs. Battle your enemies through a story-based campaign
across multiple difficulty levels, including brutal Nightmare mode!

Will you roast orcs in pits of lava, pound them flat with a ceiling
trap, or freeze and shatter them with a slash? No matter the weapons
and traps you choose, you're sure to have an orc-killing blast!

Features:

24 Fortresses to Defend - Twisting passages, tall towers, and wide-open
chambers all need a war mage to protect them

6 Orc-Killing Weapons and Spells - From crossbow and bladestaff to the
magical power of the elements

19 Deadly Traps and Fierce Minions - Choose from a wide variety of
traps including arrow walls, spike traps, spinning blades, and flaming
brimstone or call in allies to assist you in the destruction of the orc
horde

11 Unique Enemies - Including ogres, flying hellbats, and of course, a
whole bunch of ugly orcs

Story-based Campaign - Fend off orcs across three acts to discover the
mysterious power behind their relentless assaults

Persistent Upgrades - Unlock improved traps as you progress through the
campaign

Extensive Replayability - Nightmare Mode and a skull ranking system
provide extended play

Scoring System and Leaderboard - Compete with your friends for the
title of Best Orc Killer!

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

The language you set at the beginning of install, will be the language
you have choosen to play with!

Languages:

English, Czech, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Japanese,
Polish and Portuguese-Brazil are selectable during setup.

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!