Where's My Water? v1.3.1
Requirements: 2.1 or higher
Operating System: Android
Overview: THE NEWEST CHAPTER IN THE STORY OF SWAMPY THE ALLIGATOR IS NOW AVAILABLE!


Swampy the Alligator lives under the city and yearns for a more human-like existence. He is especially fond of cleanliness. Cranky and the other gators do not take kindly to Swampy’s eccentricities and have conspired to sabotage Swampy’s water supply. Help Swampy by guiding water to his shower to fill up his tub!

Where’s My Water? is a challenging physics-based puzzler complete with Retina display graphics, Multi-Touch controls, and a sensational soundtrack. To be successful, you need to be clever and keep an eye out for algae, toxic ooze, triggers, and traps.

• NOW WITH OVER 140 CHALLENGING PUZZLES!
The fun is just beginning. Swampy’s pipes are broken and it is up to you to get the water flowing again through 7 themed chapters, each with 20 challenging levels. Keep playing! New levels are added regularly!

• MEET SWAMPY!
The story of Swampy unfolds as you play. Swampy’s cute, he’s funny, he just wants to take a shower with his beloved rubber ducky. You will also meet Cranky the mean old gator and Allie, Cranky’s girlfriend (for now…). Richly-detailed graphics and animation bring Swampy and his subterranean world to life.

• AMAZING LIFE-LIKE WATER PHYSICS
Go with the flow! From the designer of JellyCar’s squishy world comes flawlessly fluid physics. Swipe, slosh, and splash to guide water through increasingly challenging scenarios.

• COLLECTIBLES AND BONUS LEVELS
Collect Swampy’s shower items to unlock bonus levels. Collect all the rubber duckies and tap around for even more surprises!

Every drop counts in Where’s My Water? — A refreshing new puzzler filled with good clean gaming fun!

Also, look for the new free version of Where’s My Water with exclusive levels not found in the full game.

Where’s My Water Free features a special promotion — THE 10 DAYS OF SWAMPY. For 10 days beginning December 20th, a new level will unlock each day. Solve each of these and you will receive a special gift on January 1st — SWAMPY’S PICKS — Five of the best levels from the full version. Altogether, there are more than 25 FREE puzzles to enjoy!

What's in this version:
(v1.3.1)
DOWNLOAD "STRETCHED THIN" IN THIS UPDATE!
Water balloons have made their way into Swampy’s neighborhood! Solve these new puzzles by clearing a path for them. Timing is everything, tap to pop the balloons to release the water at the right moment. "Stretched Thin" features 20 new levels and new collectibles!