S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Pirates of Black Cove (c) Paradox Interactive

02-08-2011........Release Date <-> Protection.............Nothing
RTS/RPG/Action.......Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

It's the 16th century, the golden era of pirates, and this is your
chance to become the pirate king and conquer the Caribbean. Start out
as a humble pirate and earn fame and notoriety to become a recognized
pirate captain.

Eventually you will be able to join infamous pirate strongholds like
Port Royal, Tortuga and others. Getting promotions within the pirate
brotherhood requires force, daring, guile and even deceit. But be
careful because other pirates will be competing for promotions too.
However, bribery, favors and outright assassinations will assure you
climb the ranks faster. As you are promoted to higher ranks, you will
own, manage and develop parts of the stronghold and entice other
captains to join your fleet. After building your fleet destroy the
other two pirate strongholds to become the King of All Pirates.
Combining elements from fast-paced naval action to light town
management, Conquest of the Caribbean is a game no pirate fan should
miss.

Features:

Roam the open World with your Pirate crew and pick up missions as you
sail the seas.

Notoriety and fame brings you closer to your ultimate goal: the King of
All Pirates

Battle it out with rival pirates and nations on both land and sea

Experience life as a pirate through three campaigns and eras

Gather famous pirates to your crew, but be sure to keep them supplied
with rum or they'll side with your rivals

Select your character from several different Pirate Captains, each with
their own unique skills and features!

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision