INFO:

    Release..........: Sonny.Boy.2011.BDRip.XviD-BiG
    Original Title...: Sonny Boy
    A.k.a............: Sonny Boy
    Genre............: Drama
    IMDb.............: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1138481/
    IMDB Rating .....: 6.7/10 (564 votes) 
    Theatre Date.....: 27 January 2011

    Release Date.....: 29 September 2011
    Filesize.........: 1400 mb
    Runtime..........: 2h 20m 28s
    Resolution.......: 624x336
    Framerate........: 24 fps
    Video Codec......: XviD
    Video Quality....: 1066 kbps
    Audio Codec......: AC3 5.1
    Audio Bitrate....: 320 kbps
    Audio Language...: Dutch
    Subtitles........: English

PLOT:

  In the year 1920, a young man from Suriname named Waldemar Nods goes to the 
  Netherlands to study. His dark skin will watch and discrimination. He came  
  to The Hague on lodgings at Rika, who went to live separately from her      
  deeply religious husband William after she discovered him cheating with the 
  maid Jans. She has all four of their children (William, John, Bertha and Henk)
  included.                                                             
                                                                              
  Waldemar and the 17 year older Rika start a relationship and she becomes    
  pregnant. She says nothing and goes to Waldemar for a woman to an illegal   
  abortion, but changes his mind. When she was four months pregnant she tells 
  that Waldemar. This is angry that she had been told nothing this time, and  
  leaves. Wim and Jan walk away, to William. Waldemar comes back. William     
  comes to Rika by to tell him a job in Indonesia is presented, and suggests  
  her to go. He will accept the baby as his own child. He changes his mind and
  that the father has dark skin. It also demands through the courts Bertha and
  Hank, with success. He refuses a divorce so that Rika can not remarry with  
  Waldemar. The child is a boy, they call him Waldy, nicknamed Sonny Boy.     
  Because of Rika\\\'s extramarital affair, and then also with a Surinamese, says
  the landlord rent. Rika and Waldemar roam the streets with Waldy, but the   
  older Jewish man meet Sam, she is home. With financial support from Sam and 
  Waldemar Rika start a guest house in Scheveningen. Netherlands is occupied  
  by the Germans. Rika and Waldemar are forced to give shelter to German      
  soldiers. Over time, however, have Rika and Waldemar Road because the area  
  is cleared for the Atlantic.                                                
                                                                              
  Rika because she gives up five children gives them a big new house allotted.
  At the request of a young resistance fighter Rika let people into hiding.   
  Because the fee is higher than for Dutch Jews she chooses. Later there will 
  be a deserter from SS. First Waldy not informed, but later. Waldy get along 
  with the ex-SS man. Waldy sees that Sam is away on the street, and is       
  shocked. It is discovered hiding, and Waldemar, Rika, Waldy and hiding are  
  arrested. Waldy is released and goes to live with relatives. This is not    
  safe, because the Germans want to Waldemar and Rika during interrogations   
  put pressure Waldy re-arrest. He is therefore placed with a farmer. He asks 
  in the hunger winter of people who come precious jewelry in exchange for    
  some food. Waldy approve that, but the farmer replies that everyone is
  trying to ride a piece, Rika and Waldemar were also paid for hiding.        
                                                                              
  Rika dies in a concentration camp. Waldemar is also transferred to a        
  concentration camp, but its language, he may work in the mailroom. Thus he  
  sees opportunity to send letters to Waldy clandestinely. After Hitler\\\'s     
  death he is deported to the ship Cap Arcona. This is attacked by the Allies.
  He jumps into the sea and swim to shore (he can swim well in Suriname he    
  swam long distances in the river), then he is still slain by two German
  child soldiers.



