 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076666/

1280 X 720p video at high 2800k bitrate, 
nice, booming music sound 256k audio track

Our other 720p version of this great movie (at 4000k video bitrate)
is dual English-German, too if that better fits your needs overall.


Please check for available subtitles for the 1hr 59min version
(same subtitles as for original source file - cinefile 720p version)

Included with this posting are srt files (Utf8 format) for:
Bulgarian, Croatian, Danish, Dutch, French, Greek, Portuguese, Romanian,
Russian, Serbian, Slovenian, Spanish,and Swedish. The included English
template SRT file could be potentially made use of to provide an instantly translated subtitles version for any other language using the free google translate facility on the net (at the time of this writing) or what you.

Italian, German and other missing subs will be posted for this movie as 
soon as they become available. Thanks for your patience. Grazie and danke

Saturday Night Fever came out while I was in high school and it was
quite a lot of great fun to be involved in disco weekends for those of our
age group and the movie Grease came out around the same time generally - and
did wonders for the available music palette equally.

I do not really like some of the language used in this movie, or the
level of articulation or scripting sophistication in general. Although
much truth sometimes comes through in this setting.

What I do especially like, however, is the atmosphere that surrounded the
disco era in some respect in that the music sounded more humanly vibrant and
exciting and in fact inspirational for the spirit of enjoyment in a much more
tasteful way than is the trash and garbage we have had from hollywood geeks 
and the music industry since that is caught up with rap, sci-fi and punk music
instead - as that level degenerates our communities into a what is abusively
devastating to any idea that we still care for anything worthwhile at all - 
let alone the best of our spirits that still hover around having survived 
the onslaught of multiculturalism and affirmative action as it were.

I hope we could bring back disco - including a nicer dress code
and regulation of language so that profanity isn't what they call 
so darned gratuitous anymore.

Nice music selections in a folder or two are included too in order
to make this a souvenir offering keepsake.

The music from this movie is truly great in memories that come back
from this time period.


Europe (particularly the Italians and Germans/French Dutch, Australians etc
are particularly adept at being concerned with true romantic appeal and so a 
better appreciation for the disco era comes naturally to both of these great 
families of peoples, I submit! Why not re-spawn a disco industry everywhere
such interested people are!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

