Burzynski is the story of a medical doctor and Ph.D biochemist named Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski who won the largest and possibly the most convoluted and intriguing legal battle against the Food & Drug Administration in American history. His victorious battles with the United States government were centered on Dr. Burzynski's belief in and commitment to his gene-targeted cancer medicines he discovered in the 1970's called Antineoplastons, which have currently completed Phase II FDA-supervised clinical trials in 2009 and will begin the final phase of testing in 2010. When Antineoplastons are approved, it will mark the first time in history a single scientist, not a pharmaceutical company, will hold the exclusive patent and distribution rights on a paradigmshifting, life-saving medical breakthrough. 

Antineoplastons are responsible for curing some of the most incurable forms of terminal cancer. Various cancer survivors are presented in the film that chose his treatment instead of surgery, chemotherapy or radiation - with full disclosure of original medical records to support their diagnosis and recovery. One form of cancer - "diffuse, intrinsic, childhood brainstem glioma" has never before been cured in any experimental clinical trial in the history of medicine. Antineoplastons hold the first cures in history - dozens of them. 

Burzynski takes the audience through the treacherous, yet victorious, 14-year journey both Dr. Burzynski and his patients have had to endure in order to obtain FDA-approved clinical trials of Antineoplastons. However, what was revealed a few years after Dr. Burzynski won his freedom, helps to paint a more coherent picture regarding the true motivation of the U.S. government's relentless prosecution of Stanislaw Burzysnki, M.D., Ph.D.

Comment: Buy the DVD and save lives by supporting Burzynski. And one day maybe your own life will be saved. The mere fact that the FDA have been fighting him so hard already proves that his method must be working or else they wouldn't have bothered suppressing him so much.

burzynski.mp4, JVT/AVC Coding, 464 × 256, Millions, AAC, Stereo (L R), 48.000 kHz, 862.74 kbits/s, 01:45:48.47
