
Technical Data 

For two vercion PC x64 or x86 

Outpost Security Suite Pro v7.0.2 (3377.514.123829) Multilanguage 

180 MB | Multi-language (Deutsch | Francais | Spanish | Russian). | 



Description 

Outpost Security Suite Pro combines the best proactive protection in one integrated product that includes antivirus + antispyware + firewall + antispam, achieving strong protection that Internet users need today, safe for navigation. 



General Features 

Network Security 

Technology Outpost Firewall Pro, Outpost Security Suite integrated into Pro has been reaping awards for years.

A robust firewall controls inbound and outbound computer, blocking attempts to illegally access the system from both the local network and Internet. 

This solid defensive barrier, prevents malicious code from entering the system, ensuring maximum protection against hackers, loss of personal information, infections unknown threats and unauthorized activity of some applications. 



Early detection of threats 

Outpost Security Suite Pro is constantly on guard against any attempt to steal or compromise of confidential information of its users. 

The protection module monitors the activity of computer programs and their interaction, to protect against penetration techniques more sophisticated, and has successfully passed all leak tests (leak tests), preventing the unauthorized transmission of sensitive information from the computer. 



Comprehensive Protection 

Outpost Security Suite Pro combines antivirus and antispyware technologies recognized worldwide to provide the best overall protection. Its scanning engine of malicious code, lightweight, high efficiency, detects, disinfects and automatically removes viruses, spyware and other malicious applications. 

Monitor real-time access is constantly alert to detect malicious code that attempt to activate or access the computer and the browser at the user remove threats in the specified directories. 



Custom filter spam 

The module against spam, the inbox keeps users free from unwanted messages. 

The ability to train it to recognize and use the custom definition of spam, increases efficiency and saves time as it is used. 



ContenidosControl Content Control 

Outpost Security Suite Pro protects users profile darkest Internet, ensuring their safety while surfing the Web 

The content control module prevents access to infected sites or malicious, prevents inadvertent sending of personal information, minimizing the risk of being affected by potentially unsafe web applications and the user's identity remains absolutely private. 



Always-on defense always activaDefensa 

Outpost Security Suite Pro uses specialized techniques to ensure your protection is not disabled by malicious code specifically designed for it. 



Maximum performance rendimientoMáximo 

Outpost Security Suite Pro uses a minimal amount of system resources without affecting the response speed of applications running on the protected computer. 

The central analysis engine has been optimized to deliver unprecedented performance and efficiency. The users get maximum productivity from your team, while Outpost Security Suite Pro is responsible for the security of your information. 



Easy Setup and Complete 

Outpost Security Suite Pro can be configured quickly and simply. 

All users, beginners or experts in information security can customize the protective power of the program according to your needs. 

Thanks to your support system in real time, Outpost Security Suite Pro learns to manage firewall alerts, and adapt efficiently to the instructions. 

Its refined interface provides greater protection and less invasive productive for all users, regardless of experience level. 

The system also automatically configure ImproveNet and documentation written in a very clear, further simplify the management of the application. 



System Requirements 

Operating System 



Windows 2000 SP3 or higher. 

Windows XP (32-bit and 64-bit). 

Windows Server 2003 (32-bit and 64-bit). 

WindowsServer 2008 (32-bit and 64-bit). 

Windows Vista (32-bit and 64-bit). 

Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit). 



Processor 



Pentium 450 MHz or higher (x-86 / x-64 / multicore). 



Free Hard Disk Space: 100 MB. 

RAM: 256 MB. 



Support for the following spam email client 



The Bat! 

Windows Mail 

Microsoft Outlook Express. 

Microsoft Outlook 2000, 2002, 2003 and 2007. 



Supported Email Protocols 

POP3, SMTP, IMAP. 

Recent Changes 

Outpost Security Suite Pro 7.5 - Performance Edition (3720.574.1668) 

Release date: June 16, 2011 

What's Fixed: 



Minor GUI fixes
