Shelly Manne & His Men - At The Black Hawk VO2 
Audio CD: July 1, 1991 
Format: Live 
Label: Ojc 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Rec  Black Hawk, San Francisco, September 22 (# 4) & 24 (# 1-3, 5), 1959.

Vol. 2 of the five CDs that document drummer Shelly Manne's Quintet at the Black Hawk club in San Francisco during a three-day period adds a new alternate take of Charlie Mariano's "Step Lightly" to the original program ("Step Lightly," "What's New," "Vamp's Blues"). These lengthy performances ("Vamp's Blues" is over 19 minutes long) give trumpeter Joe Gordon, the cool-toned tenor-saxophonist Richie Kamuca, pianist Victor Feldman, bassist Monty Budwig and the leader/drummer a chance to really stretch out. Fine 1950s bebop. ~ AllMusic ” 

I usually only write reviews for [new] selections yet these five CDs are exceptions. For me, this is the sound of jazz. This is the sound of a smoky club filled with the buzz of conversation and the soaring song of five cats wailing. This is jazz. This is the sound that comes when five people become one ensemble and no one individual dominates because there are no individuals. This is the quintessential jazz quintet: trumpet, tenor sax, piano, bass, and drums. There's a vibe here that's unbeatable whether it's uptempo, downtempo, a standard, rhythm changes, or the blues. Am I saying that this group is better than the Hot Fives and Sevens, the Charlie Parker Sextet, the Miles Davis Quintet, Coltrane's Quartet, the Jazz Messengers, or any of those now legendary groups? Of course not. But I am saying that this is "the" recording. This is the one in which it was all captured perfectly: jazz was still in full swing and definitely still hip; bebop had cooled and formed a rock-solid crystal; and the recording process had reached that wonderful stage of finally ironing out all the pops and cracks. The sound is relaxed: these guys aren't experimenting; they're just in the groove. But what a groove that is. These five albums do what jazz does best: communicate. And you're right there with them, listening to what they've got say. And, does it sound good.  ~ Amazon, A Customer

Personnel;
Shelly Manne - leader/drummer
Joe Gordon - trumpeter
Richie Kamuca - tenor saxophonist
Victor Feldman - pianist
Monty Budwig - bassist

Shelly Manne & His Men - At The Black Hawk VO2 Tracklist;
01  Step Lightly (13:00)
02  What's New (13:29)
03  Vamp's Blues (20:15)
04  Step Lightly (alternate version) (14:19)
05  Theme: A Gem From Tiffany (0:42)

