Storyline

Andrew (Jase Blankfort) and his older brother Carl (Trey Rogers) enjoy listening to ghost stories that the local undertaker (Frank Langella) tells them. One night he tells the tale of a local farmer whose wife gave birth to Siamese twins, one being good natured while the other was clearly evil. The farmer, ashamed of them, kept the twins locked in their room. Eventually the twins got sick and died together, so the farmer sawed them in half and buried the good twin in a cemetery and the bad twin in a shallow grave near the house. Later, Carl and his friends decide to hold a séance in the cemetery where the good twin is buried, but they unintentionally awaken the bad twin instead. Gradually, he possesses nearly everyone in town and it is up to young Andrew to stop him. 



REVIEW:

Cry Baby Lane was only shown on TV once. It was never reaired, never released on video, never uploaded online or even mentioned afterwards. I remember it fondly, it was a defining moment of my childhood. I just sat there, in the dark, taking the whole experience in. Needless to say, for an 8 year old this is one scary movie (that's why it got banned, parents complained it was TOO scary) but you know what? That was the point! Kids like scary movies, and there's nothing wrong with that. For a made for TV kids movie, this was great! I remember it fairly well, it stuck with me for all these years and it gave me nightmares (more than I can say about most films). It's a damn shame that Nick is to cautious and PC to rerelease this movie. No film should be censored into obscurity and withheld from its fans, but this is one of them. It really is a testament to this film's quality though: I can't think of a single other movie that has such a dedicated fanbase who can barely even remember the movie. Seriously, this film's fanbase is entirely composed of teenagers who have hazy memories of seeing this as children. What other movie out there can claim that? None, and that's what makes it so unique. Nickelodeon and/or Viacom executives, if you're reading this, I beg you...RERELEASE Cry Baby Lane!






ENJOY! - MAYBE ONE OF THE MOST TALKED ABOUT FILMS - EVER!!!!!