The Mars Volta - De-Loused In The Comatorium [Mp3 192 kbps] TNT Village

.: Release Originale :.
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/index.php?showtopic=71656

De-Loused in the Comatorium is the debut studio album of the progressive rock band The Mars Volta. Released on June 24, 2003 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Records, De-loused is based on a short story written by lead singer Cedric Bixler-Zavala and sound manipulation artist Jeremy Michael Ward. The album is an hour-long tale of Cerpin Taxt, a man who tries to kill himself by overdosing on a mixture of morphine and rat poison. The attempt lands him in a week-long coma during which he experiences visions of humanity and his own psyche. Upon waking, he is dissatisfied with the real world and jumps to his death. The story of Cerpin Taxt alludes to the death of El Paso, Texas artist - and Bixler-Zavala's friend - Julio Venegas. (Ominously enough, founding member Jeremy Michael Ward was found dead in an apparent heroin overdose one month before the album was released.)

Two songs from the album, "Roulette Dares (The Haunt of)" and "Cicatriz ESP" first appeared in 2001 as the band's very first demo recordings with bassist Eva Gardner and drummer Blake Fleming; notably, the early version of "Cicatriz ESP" (then known as "Cicatrix") was slower and much shorter (4 minutes) than the album one (at 12 minutes being the longest track on the album). Both tracks can be legally obtained through The Comatorium's trading forum.

De-Loused became, both critically and commercially, the band's biggest hit, eventually selling in excess of 500,000 copies despite limited promotion, and was featured on several critics' "Best of the Year" lists. The album was ranked number 55 on the October 2006 issue of Guitar World magazine's list of the 100 greatest guitar albums of all time. "Drunkship of Lanterns" was named the 91st best guitar song of all-time by Rolling Stone

.: Cover :.
 
http://img27.imageshack.us/img27/4222/frontal23.jpg

.: TrackList :.

01 Son et Lumiere
02 Inertiatic ESP
03 Roulette Dares (the haunt of)
04 Tira Me a Las Araňas
05 Drunkship of Lanterns
06 Eriatarka
07 Cicatriz ESP
08 This Apparatus must be Unearthed
09 Televators
10 Take the Veil Cerpin Taxt