Coast to coast AM 2011-04-18 
"Human connections"

Date: 04-18-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Lynne McTaggart, Dennis Maness 

Author and researcher Lynne McTaggart argued that by working together in groups rather than as individuals, we can yield the greatest benefits. In the West, many are trained to believe in the survival of the fittest, but actually "we are wired to care, share, and be fair. And whenever we go against that, we get in trouble. We succeed when we connect, when we cooperate," she said. Humans are connected on a subatomic level, and as such are not separate from each other, she continued.


McTaggart discussed studies that show benefits from being on a team or in a community. For instance, on the Oxford rowing team, it was found that as a group they raised their pain threshold much higher than when they were rowing alone. Further, in the classic 1950s 'Robbers Cave' psychology experiment, it was demonstrated that when boys had a "superordinate" goal, they were able to work together as a team to create something they couldn't do individually. Interestingly, people who have stronger social ties with groups tend to be healthier. One study found that half of the people who get heart disease are lonely or disconnected, she detailed. 

America is polarized right now and really could benefit by having people of different viewpoints come together for a meeting of the minds, she commented. McTaggart also reported on some of her work with intention and mind-over-matter experiments, citing success with changing the structure & purity of water in a Japanese experiment, and reducing violence in Sri Lanka through a peace intention. 

Sleep & Brain Function
First hour guest, Dennis Maness, who uses techniques involving Brain Wave Therapy, talked about sleep cycles and work performance. When people are tired, their brain function slows down. One way to counteract fatigue at work is to take B12 drops or spray or perform mental exercises; it also helps to get up from your desk and walk around or stretch, he noted, adding that the brain has optimal performance in 10-12 minute bursts. 

News segment guests: Mitch Battros, Mish Shedlock, Robert Zimmerman 

Website(s): 
•theintentionexperiment.com
•thebond.net
•braintekinstitute.com
Book(s): 
•The Bond: Connecting Through the Space Between Us 
•The Intention Experiment
•The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe



thanks for your previous comments... hope you enjoy the show

thanks for helping to seed