Product Description:

All the Internet's Music at Your Eartips
Tired of using iTunes to listen to internet streams? Tired of visiting annoying websites in search of the elusive "Listen Now" link? So is everyone else. Radium consolidates all your internet streams into a simple, non-intrusive, super-fast, convenient interface. But wait! There's so much more.

Listen to Your Favorite Radio Stations
Already have some internet radio stations you like? Great. Radium comes with thousands of channels, updated automatically every day. If you like a channel, Radium probably has it. If not, you can let us know and we'll add your favorite channel in a flash.

Discover Music
Tired of listening to your favorite radio stations? No problem. Radium comes with a powerful search, which lets you search for streams by country, language, genre, and discover new music using a simple, Spotlight-like interface:

Feel like chilling? Search for "chill"
Want to hear what they listen to in Denmark? Search for "denmark"
Like listening to French talk? Type "french talk" into the search
Do you enjoy Smooth Jazz? Search for "smooth jazz"
... and Radium does the rest.

Listen at Work
Want to listen at work, or have another computer at home? Great! When you get a Radium license, you get free licenses for your other computers. Radium is also firewall-friendly, which means that you'll be able to listen to your favorite channels even behind a work firewall.

Members-Only Streams Work Too!
Are you subscribed to a members-only streaming service, like XM/SIRIUS or DI.fm? Radium can connect to those, too. Just enter your user name and password, and you're good to go. If we missed a members-only network, let us know and we'll add it.

The Rest Goes Without Saying
Of course, Radium also lets you:

Save your favorite channels
Set and use global keyboard shortcuts to control playback and other stuff
Learn more by reading Radium's comprehensive help section.
And you also get free updates!


System Requirements
Mac OS X 10.5.8 or later (including Snow Leopard)
1GHz PowerPC or Intel Mac, or better


Operating System Requirements:
This product is designed to run on the following operating systems:
Mac OS X 10.5 Intel
Mac OS X 10.5 PPC


Additional Requirements:
Mac OS X 10.5 - 10.6