Author kimth2 Categorie Movies.

Tristan Taormino: Expert Guide To Oral Sex: Cunnilingus
Tristan Taormino: Expert Guide To Oral Sex: Cunnilingus
English | 720x480 | 29.97 Fps | XviD 1262kbps | Mp3 320kbps | 880MB
Genre: Documentary
[/center]
Justine Joli leads a group of couples in a hands-on workshop on cunnilingus, where she teaches about female sexual anatomy and offers explicit, personal advice on a topic she knows inside and out. Using her mouth, tongue, fingers, and toys, Justine demonstrates different positions and stimulation techniques with her co-host Ariel as the crowd watches and asks questions.

After the workshop, we meet Kelly and Richard, a couple who's been together for more than a decade. They discuss their thoughts about oral sex and share their favorite positions, tips, and tricks for maximum pleasure. Richard takes his time, relishing a long, sensual oral session and giving Kelly multiple orgasms. Next, we meet Cindy and Jack, a hot couple with a vast range of know how and expertise. Jack reveals his passion for giving oral sex, and explains what he thinks are the most important ingredients for a satisfying experience. Beginning with a sexy shaving scene, Jack explores every inch of Cindy's body as he shows off his amazing oral talents. Delve into the world of cunnilingus, demonstrated with knowledge and skill by enthusiastic couples and narrated by sex expert Tristan Taormino. Learn, experience, and enjoy oral pleasure, by experts.

The most exciting part about the video is its innovative format: Viewers have the option of watching the scenes with instruction or without (or both, of course). The scenes with instruction feature narration by me as well as dynamic, on-screen graphics that highlight creative tips and tricks to help guide the viewer in the learning experience. The scenes without instruction are edited more like traditional sex scenes, except with a focus on the connection between partners, female pleasure and orgasm, and sensuality. 