So, now thatis sporting that pretty little fbi logo and filesonic decided to bow down to the man, it will be my continuing effort to keep these files alive and help other people discover some amazing sounds.  Please seed slightly more than 1:1.

I wish I had more to share, but I only found three albums in Flac... so if anyone else has some stuff to contribute, please do so and post a comment instructing others where to snag it. Thanks.

R.I.P. Micheal Larsen

Eyedea & Abilities (often abbreviated as E&A) was an influential American indie rap duo from Saint Paul, Minnesota, consisting of DJ Abilities (Gregory Keltgen) and the rapper Eyedea (Micheal Larsen). The group was founded in 1993 and became a prominent figure of the 90s underground hip hop scene, known for Larsen's philosophical and socially conscious lyrics, along with Keltgen's dynamic experimental fusion of stylistic elements from both rap and rock, as well as electronic music. The group was active until Larsen's death in October 2010.
Over the course of nearly two decades the duo collaborated with many well-known hip hop groups and artists such as Aesop Rock and Sage Francis, playing a preeminent role in the emerging underground rap movement. Larsen's highly successful background work in freestyle rap and rap battles, along with his greatly introspective, complex and poetic sense of lyrical integrity heavily influenced E&A's distinctive musical output and largely defined the group as a unique and stylistically independent presence within alternative hip hop.
RIP Eyedea
So, now thatis sporting that pretty little fbi logo and filesonic decided to bow down to the man, it will be my continuing effort to keep these files alive and help other people discover some amazing sounds.  Please seed slightly more than 1:1


Eyedea & Abilities - First Born (2001)(FLAC+CUE+ART+LOG)
One
Music Music
Birth of a Fish
...Powdered Water Too Pt. 1
...Powdered Water Too Pt. 2
Color My World Mine
Liquid Sovereignty
A Murder of Memories
Blindly Firing
Big Shots
Void (Internal Theory)
The Dive
Well Being
DJ Abilities (Interlude)
Read Wiped In Blue
Void (External Theory)
On This I Stand
Bonus Track #2

Eyedea & Abilities - E&A (2004)(FLAC)(FLAC+CUE+ART+LOG)

Reintroducing
Now
Kept
Exhausted Love
Star Destroyer
paradise
One-Twenty
Man Vs. Ape
Get Along
Two Men and a Lady
E&A Day
Act Right
Glass

Eyedea & Abilities - By The Throat (2009)(FLAC)(FLAC+ART-Resampled from ALAC)

Hay Fever
Spin Cycle
Time Flies When You Have A Gun
Burn Fetish
Sky Diver
Junk
Forgive Me for My Synapses
This Story
Factory
Smile
By The Throat
