FOLLOW THE INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS

Release Date: 2011-02-10
Nfo Date: 2011-02-10
Num. Disks: xx/5 OS: X64
Nfo Time: 13:37 Rel Type: Keygen
Cracker: Team Lz0 Archive: lz0*.zip
Packer: Team Lz0 Rating: Your choice
Supplier: Team Lz0 Language: English
Protection: Activation
Requirements: N/A
Publisher URL: http://www.yamicsoft.com/
Publisher: Yamicsoft

(-) Keyfile / License (-) Emulator
(-) Patch (-) Serial
(-) Cracked .EXE / .DLL (-) Retail
(x) Keygen (-) Trainer
(-) Loader (-) Other

1999 - 2011

I N F O

 	
What is Windows 7 Manager?

Windows 7 Manager is a system utility that helps you optimize, tweak, repair and clean up Windows 7. It will increase your system speed, eliminate system fault, improve system security, and meet all of your expectations.
Click to view full screen shot 		

Windows 7 Manager Features:
Information
Optimizer
Cleaner
Customization
Security
Network
Misc. Utilities
Download Free Trial Version:
Download 32bit
Download 64bit
 
Why Should I use Windows 7 Manager?

Windows 7 is the newest Operating System for home users and professionals alike. Windows 7 brings clarity to your world, so you can more safely and easily accomplish everyday tasks and instantly find what you want on your PC.

Windows 7 Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak and optimize your Windows 7, it bundles more than 30 different utilities in one and help your system faster and more stable, secure and personal!
Features and Benefits of Windows 7 Manager

    * Information
      Get detailed system and all hardware information on your system; help you find out the installation key of Windows, Office products; show all detailed information of running processes and threads on your machine; Windows 7 Manager offers 1-clicking Cleaner cleans your system automatically; Repair Center helps you to fix various system problems.
       
    * Optimizer
      Tweak your system to improve windows startup and shutdown speed, tweak your hardware to increase system speed and performance; Control what is started on Windows startup, check and repair the advanced starup items to restore the malicious change by viruses; Tune up and optimize system services and Task Schedule, turn off smartly some unnecessary system services and tasks to improve system performance.
       
    * Cleaner
      Find out which files or folders engross your disk space and shown with chart; Smart Uninstaller can fully delete programs from your system without residual files and Registry entries; Find and clean junk files to increase Hard Disk space; Duplicate Files Finder can scan your computer for files with the same size, name and modification time; Registry Cleaner checks and repair incorrectly linked Registry entries; Registry Defrag rebuilds and re-indexes your Registry to reduce registry access time and therefore improve application responsiveness; Desktop Cleaner can clean useless icons and files on Desktop easily.
       
    * Customization
      Customize the look of your system by tweaking system Explorer, Desktop, Start Menu, Taskbar and notification area; Create the quick startup items on Taskbar with the Jump List launcher; Tune up Windows 7 boot menu; edit context menus of mouse Right-Clicking; Create the shortcut that executed quick on run dialog box. Visual Customizer can change system and file type icons, custom the logon background.
       
    * Security
      Improve system security by tweaking system components, UAC and login settings; Tune up System Restore options; Hide and restrict to access drives and programs; Encrypt/decrypt files, move system folders to safe locations; Privacy Protector can maintain your personal privacy by eliminating the tracks that you leave behind; Hide, add or delete the Control Panel entries.
    *
    * Network
      Optimize your Internet connection speed, manage all shares items; Tweak your Internet Explorer easily; IP Switcher can switch your IP address easily on different networks.
       
    * Misc. Utilities
      Show the collection of Windows utilities; split and merge any files; Automatically back up files regularly using Super Copy. Registry Tools help you to operate Registry easily.

Windows 7 is the newest Operating System for home users
and professionals alike. Windows 7 brings clarity to your
world, so you can more safely and easily accomplish
everyday tasks and instantly find what you want on your PC

Windows 7 Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak
and optimize your Windows 7, it bundles more than 30
different utilities in one and help your system faster and
more stable, secure and personal!

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install
2) Use the key generator to generate a valid serial
3) Enjoy this release!