Tone, whose special voice and energetic abstract beats made its highly successful entrance onto the Danish electronic music scene 3 years ago, is back with a new album. In the wake of two years of heavy touring after the international release of her debut album, the self-taught and non-conformable female artist has spent the last year in recording studio of her self-built house on the shore of the Limfjord in northern Denmark to write and record a new album, on which she once again explores quirky electronic compositions and peculiar beats - but where her musical universe this time takes a much more vocal-oriented approach.

The album has been titled ‘Hanging By The Moon’ and continues the tale about Tone, aka. Sofie Nielsen, and her experimental musical way of grasping the world. After being released internationally with her first album and subsequently touring large parts of Europe and the USA, she has spent the last months in the studio to once again let all her inspiration transform into musical expressions.

This has manifested itself in an album, where the former melancholic nucleus has moved a bit more into the background and made way for brand new moods and creative output. The non-schooled songwriter, producer and performer is now letting her vocal take a much more prominent role as mediator of the Tone universe. With her unique singing-technique, both on recordings and when performing live, Tone’s voice make out both lead vocal, several chorus vocals and sometimes even instruments, all at the same time - but always with her signature cryptic lyrics on top of the melodic chords and experimental drum programming. A vocal work that has now been put even more at the forefront and tells the story about this little being with the many voices.

Examples include the song ‘Beautifugl’, as Danish-English wordplay mincing the words ‘beautiful’ and the Danish word for ‘bird’, in which Tone tells the story about the clumsy yet naturally beautiful fantasy bird that wrecks language and goes its own way, and thereby becomes Tone’s (maybe somewhat autobiographical) comment on negativism and jealousy. Or ‘Stuffed Animals’ that seems to center around fur and stuffed animals, but actually tells stories on a much more general scale about sensitive subjects; such as the things we do to mother nature but cannot seem to put an end to because of our lifestyle and comfort. It’s a song about having the right opinions, but getting lured into throwing the knife because we cannot find the strength to not go with the flow.
As it is common for musicians on succeeding albums, Tone has also become much more experienced as an artist. But she keeps with her musical signature of creating delicate passages of afterthought and mixing them with uplifting bursts of raw energy.

*Please copy this record to all of your friends*
Tone has always gone her own way. With support from record label and musical collective Uhrlaut/Urlyd she became famous in 2008 for explicitly calling on her audience to freely copying the debut-album on to all of their friends. Using a Creative Commons license - and with the support of the Danish collecting society, KODA - her album was freely and legally shared among music fans tens of thousands of times across the globe, but on top of that also cd’s and vinyls in retail sold like hot cakes. Additionally, festivals and venues from all over Europe and even the United States wanted Tone’s abstract beats on their bill.

This native use of the Internet is still her way of releasing this second album, which can be bought on vinyl from record stores from October 21, 2011 - and also be downloaded freely from the same date on Tone’s website and via all assorted music portals and file sharing services.