S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Assassins Creed Revelations (c) Ubisoft

23-11-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Ubisoft DRM
Action...............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

When a man has won all his battles and defeated his enemies what is
left for him to achieve? Ezio Auditore must leave his life behind in
search of answers, In search of the truth.

In Assassin's Creed Revelations, master assassin Ezio Auditore walks in
the footsteps of the legendary mentor Altair, on a journey of discovery
and revelation. It is a perilous path  one that will take Ezio to
Constantinople, the heart of the Ottoman Empire, where a growing army
of Templars threatens to destabilise the region.

In addition to Ezio's award-winning story, a refined and expanded
online multiplayer experience returns with new and additional modes,
maps and characters, allowing you to test your assassin skills against
others from around the world.

Features:

BECOME DEADLIER THAN EVER - Take on the lethal skills of a wiser, more
efficient and deadlier Ezio. Swiftly eliminate your adversaries by
deploying a new arsenal of weapons and abilities, such as enhanced
free-running and hook blade combat. Experience new levels of gameplay
customisation with bomb crafting, and use heightened Eagle Vision to
overcome your enemies and the environment.

TEST YOUR SKILLS AGAINST THE BEST - A critically acclaimed multiplayer
experience gets even better, with all-new team modes and unlimited
replay value.

EXPERIENCE REVOLUTIONARY GAMEPLAY - Explore the farthest reaches of the
Animus as you uncover the mysteries of Desmond's past while gaining
insight into what the future might hold.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision		