Well....I wanted to post some music...what can I say.
I like this, a lot this time. There are sections that are very strange though.
But at least I like it....I am playing with theme over the rainbow and dreams really do come tru..and my name is Eddie. I have another I'll put up in a sec. There are large sections in the middle that remind me unfortunately, something about an old black and white with a kid learning to play piano, something to do martians and fingers, and an unfortunate resonate with that to old 50's futurist jazz sound, which is the part I do not like in here.
I don't yet know how to work with progressions in and out of keys, and yet I do. I learned these things in a void of music theory as a very young child and learned the theory later. Trying to view those memories from the side of the theory and not the way I thought when I  discovered them confuses my playing still.

I also wanted very much to post another tidbit that I have available only somewhere on my Blog: Anybody remember Neil Bush?
I give you a clue, he didn't run fro president.
There IS another Bush brother named Neil. He keeps a very low profile.
Cause he is involved with the OTHER major banking crash in the US involving the Savings And Loan Industry which the Government had to bail out. His role was in a bank in Denver.
I wonder why he never ran for office? And wasn't McCain also involved in this with some guys from California? I think the Keating 7?


This is from the last Comment on my Blog and it explains my piano playing. I do 
not think my family knows this. I hope they get a chance to read it.



Roy and Julia



And at times these words seem so useless and fragile in this world which turns away. I knew as a child how bad my family was. And yet I was never prepared to accept how bad this world is, in protecting them still.
And yet, all I ask is that you know. I just want you to know, to understand the reasons why I drank so very heavily, why so many things. I just want you to know and that is all.


...walking past five seconds of someones life.

******

There was a caring elderly man who when I was in seventh grade befriended me. I trust no one now. But now in my memories I know Roy and his wife reached out to me when Eddie died.
There is something about music, It is in a poem called Lazy Sundays about Eddie's funeral I think or something very vague and always will be, I have no memories to verify it, only the line at the end...and moments like green ivory... which to me when I wrote it..is the ivory keys in an old piano.
I loved Eddie deeply...so much that I can barely remember him or anything.
Roy would have me bring my trumpet to his home. He gave me a book on Bobby Fisher to learn Chess. He taught me leather working. He was everything a father should be.
And one day his wife who I see to this day with her white hair brought me to her piano in the living room. 
That is where I learned to play in the disguise of learning to play Chess. They knew what was happening and they gave me a moment away each day...in all they could do...all anyone could do then or now...they gave me a moment away.
And they told me then - that my Piano, my Trumpet,  where between Eddie and I.

And in those words I learned to hide away from not only from my family but finally in one evening after a party at Paige's after she too tried to kill herself from a reaction to some drugs...it had become too much for me. 
And in that evening and for thirty years now, I have hid everything from the world so tightly that I hid it from myself afraid that one more thing...would be taken from me...and the remnants of those monsters who roamed the crevices of my dreams at night...until now in these words in this blog I have finally come to terms and cast those monster aside.

In the midst of the worst. I was told, specifically in someone I can vaguely remember that God despised me. That God hated me.

And it is in these words finally if these words gain nothing in this world. If these words only purpose will ever be..they have resolved in me that it was not God that hurt me. It was just people. And certain people only.

I play Piano and Guitar pretty well now...and my Chess is not so great.
I think the Chess was mostly a ruse.

When Roy died I was in my forties and each weekend in the summers I would come over from my apartment and mow his lawn for him and his wife, never remembering what had happened, or how special they were to me.

A year before Roy died he found out he had a brain tumor.
He told no one. And somewhere in that last year he and I drifted apart. I never understood the distance at the end and never will, but I am certain it was the tumor at times.
But maybe more just in his knowing the frustration in having to leave so much behind unfinished, undone, unprotected.

I went to his estate sale and bought our Chess Board he had made in his garage.
And I wrote him this poem:

Let me tell you a story
so that death comes slowly without notice.
And I will cover you in soft flowers.
And I will remember your names.
One brief moment. One moment too soon.
Yet even in the certainty of an hour glass spent.
Is the Promise of God's hand.
The promise of another day.

Thanks Roy.
(And to this day his wife's first name fails me in the intensity and fondness of my memories which sometimes overwhelm me)

- Here name just came to me while editing...it was Julia...and it is so difficult at the moment that it is like an old Browning line about poetry...and maybe in a way about life.

I wrote this line about Browning years ago after reading advice from him on poetry:

Poetry should be like a slight echo reminding the reader of something he had just felt.

I am glad I remembered her name. 

 
http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/article.aspx?subjectid=298&articleid=20110321_298_0_Usinge385927&archive=yes
 
http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/article.aspx?subjectid=11&articleid=20110322_11_A9_Bsdovd600533


If you follow these links you will see OK DHS is being investigate and has is being sued for its care of Children in its Foster Care System. The terms used to describe DHS actions in care of Children is not much different than I have or woud use here in my description. They are basically scathing from a research firm and advocates for children outside the state. 


It took me over an hour to get my comments posted. The form on TW repeatedly told me that I did not have a user name. I would be directed to a form to fill the name and lose my comments. I'd fill in my name and return only to be told again I had no user name and lose my comments, this went on for over an hour in Firefox and Explorer while at times I had no access to my account login at all and was told by the site my account did not exist.

It is time I hope someone who can will now hold these people responsible including TW, which I have contacted repeatedly even in direct phone conversation with the Editor over 4 years ago.

I hope someone can and will do something now. I want so much to believe in something in this world.

