Sanctus Security is proud to present another wonderful torrent!


Product: Microsoft Windows XP Professional (SP2)
OS Architecure: (x64)
File Type: Bootable ISO Disc Image



Minimum Systen Requirements:


Processor:  733 MHz
RAM:	    1GB RAM




The ever-expanding data needs of business, academic, engineering and scientific organizations push the limits and the capabilities of existing information technology platforms. Today, gigabytes or even terabytes of data need to be accessed in real time by millions of users worldwide, and new technology is needed to meet this demand.

The 64-bit Microsoft® Windows® platform will provide high availability, advanced scalability and large memory support based on the Intel® Itanium™ processor family with its extensive multiprocessing features, powerful floating-point arithmetic extensions (up to 6.4 GFLOPS @800MHz when tuned for 3-D graphics performance) and multimedia-specific instructions.

The initial release of the Intel Itanium processor, previously code-named Merced, will primarily be deployed as a development and evaluation platform and by early adopter customers who are pushing the memory limitations of 32-bit systems. Customers only using 32-bit applications and not working with data sets larger than 2 GB will find that 32-bit systems continue to be the best environment for those applications.



This copy of Windows XP has been integrated with SATA-RAID-ACHI drivers, so you should have no trouble installing this copy to a SATA hard drive. Also, as I myself become very frustrated with Windows Update, all updates that are possible to integrate have been integrated into this installation disc, saving you valuable time from using Windows Update.

This copy uses a special type of activation. It tricks the computer into thinking it has booted in safe mode, when it really has not. It loads the key into your Windows setup files, making your copy forever genuine. The best part is that you can continue to use Windows Update without any worries of an update overwritting the activation!


IMPORTANT NOTE: You must leave the installation disc in your disc drive for at least 2 minutes after your first user log on. This copy of Windows XP runs the activation crack from the CD the first time you log in.

To check and see if the copy has been activated, click "Start" then "Run". Then 
type "oobe/msoobe /a" without quotes. If it is not activated, please type this in the run box (without quotes)...



"regsvr32 /s D:\AMD\activenexus.DLL" 

Or..

"regsvr32 /s D:\AMD\ACTIVENEXUS.DLL"
 


Sanctus Security (4/30/2011)
Compiled By:  CyberFerret32