DR JOHN GOING BACK TO NEW ORLEANS
Release Date: 1992
Recording Date: 1992
Label: Warner Bros 
Format: Flac



Dr. John burst into the popular consciousness in the late `60s with the release of Gris Gris: The Night Tripper, an album that saw the gifted multi-instrumentalist filtering his years of experience as a New Orleans session player through the cracked lens of the psychedelic era. Though that album's dark blend of New Orleans rhythms and outré production techniques made it a `60s counter-culture favorite, it drew from a much more venerable set of musical traditions. On 1992's Goin' Back To New Orleans, Dr. John takes his audience on a guided tour of New Orleans jazz and r&b, assaying memorable covers of beloved standards like W.C. Handy's "Careless Love" and more obscure numbers like Jelly Roll Morton's "I Thought I Heard Buddy Bolden Say." Dr. John and his accompanists, including a plethora of New Orleans music luminaries, give these numbers compelling and authoritative readings. This album is a fascinating slice of New Orleans history that also sheds light on the origins of Dr. John's inimitable aesthetic.

Recorded at Ultrasonic Studios, New Orleans, Louisiana.

Tracklist 
1.  Litanie Des Saints
2.  Careless Love
3.  My Indian Red
4.  Milneburg Joys
5.  I Thought I Heard Buddy Bolden Say
6.  Basin Street Blues
7.  Didn't He Ramble
8.  Do You Call That A Buddy?
9.  How Come My Dog Don’t Bark (When You Come Around)
10.  Good Night, Irene
11.  Fess Up
12.  Since I Fell For You
13.  I'll Be Glad When You're Dead, You Rascal You
14.  Cabbage Head
15.  Goin' Home Tomorrow
16.  Blue Monday
17.  Scald Dog Medley/I Can't Go On
18.  Goin' Back To New Orleans


Personnel: Dr. John (vocals, guitar, piano, organ); 
Danny Barker (guitar, banjo); Tommy Moran (guitar); 
Pete Fountain (clarinet); 
Charles Neville, Herb Hardesty, Eric Traub, Amadee Castenell, Frederick Kemp (tenor saxophone); 
Alvin "Red" Tyler, Roger Lewis (baritone saxophone); 
Al Hirt, Jamil Sharif, Charlie Miller, Umar Sharif, Clyde Kerr, Jr. (trumpet); 
Bruce Hammond (trombone); 
Kirk Joseph (tuba); 
David Barard, Chris Severin (bass); 
Freddy Staehle (drums); 
Alfred "Uganda" Roberts, Chief "Smiley" Ricks, Cyril Neville, Charles Neville (percussion); 
Shirley Goodman, Stephanie Whitfield, Connie Fitch, Tara Janelle, Chuck Carbo (background vocals).
The Neville Brothers: Art Neville, Aaron Neville, Charles Neville, Cyril Neville (vocals).
