In the Halls of Awaiting (2002)
Since the Day It All Came Down (2004)
Above the Weeping World (2006)
Across the Dark (2009)
One For Sorrow (2011)


Melodic Death Metal - 320 kbps




Over the last decade Insomnium has slowly but surely made itself a household name among the melodic deathsters. Formed in 1997 in a somnolent town of Joensuu, in eastern Finland, these stern men have ever since redefined the boundaries of the genre. Two highly acclaimed demos already set the standard and in 2001 the band signed to UK label Candlelight Records.

At this point the founding members Markus Hirvonen (drums), Ville Friman (guitars) and Niilo Sevänen (vocals and bass) attached guitarist Ville Vänni to the band. The triumphant line-up had been born. Debut album In the Halls of Awaiting (2002) introduced a young and fierce band that combined aggression and violent riffing to melancholic atmosphere. Marriage of Scandinavian death metal and traditional Finnish tunes, catchy but progressive, melodic but brutal – these have been the Insomnium trademarks ever since. Debut was praised all over the metal world but the band still remained the Finland’s best kept secret.

With Since the Day It All Came Down (2004) the band moved further from the beaten paths of the genre. Album was darker, more challenging and the songs took meandering pathways: a rewarding journey for those who dare to take it. Exaltations followed, the prestige grew. In 2005 Insomnium made its first real tour outside Finland as they hit the shores of UK. The road had been long, narrow and rocky, but now things started to roll.

Third album Above the Weeping World (2006) was the breakthrough. Compositions and arrangements had reached a new pinnacle and the overall sound was heavier and richer. Album was tighter, meaner and more menacing than ever. Long-time friend Aleksi Munter did the epic keyboard parts which added a whole new layer to the songs. Album took the 9th spot on the Finnish album charts, Mortal Share video blared in MTV and Insomnium made long tours in Europe and North America with bands like Amorphis, Katatonia, Enslaved and Satyricon.

New album Across the Dark (2009) shows a band that knows its strenghts but isn’t afraid to evolve. Crux of the music is still melodic death metal but nuances are giving it a unique flavor. Keyboards are overwhelmingly epic and there are some stunning clean vocals by Jules Näveri. Bit of folk metal, pinch of doom, some thrashing, a whole lot of timeless melodies and progressive twists and there you have it: ingredients of the masterpiece.

