 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088933/

6,6


A group of senior citizens residing in a rest home find their lives turned upside down after they are offered the gift of eternal youth by benevolent aliens in Ron Howard's wonderful tribute to the human spirit. Brian Dennehy is Walter, an alien who returns to earth to rescue 20 of his friends now hibernating in cocoons off the coast of Florida. With the help of a charter boat captain (Steve Guttenberg), the cocoons are stored in a deserted swimming pool. When three men from a nearby retirement village (the charming Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, and Hume Cronyn) sneak into the pool for a swim, they discover what seem to be oversized oystershells in the water. Suddenly they feel physically and spiritually rejuvenated, believing they've found the long elusive Fountain of Youth. The men's frisky behavior causes something of a controversy in the retirement village as residents are forced to choose between a second youth or accepting the more natural aging process. The ensemble cast of experienced actors, including Ameche, Brimley, and Cronyn as well as Cronyn's real-life wife, Jessica Tandy; Maureen Stapleton; Gwen Verdon; and the skeptical Jack Gilford all bring a dignity to the film's youthful, spirited theme. COCOON, one of the best films of the 1980s, is a heartwarming story that should be treasured for generations.



Director Ron Howard
Certificate PG
Year 1985
Screen Widescreen 1.85:1 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (4.1)
Additional Languages German Italian Spanish
Subtitles Danish English Finnish French Greek Hebrew Icelandic Italian Croatian Dutch Norwegian Polish Portuguese Spanish Swedish Czech Turkish German Hungarian
Duration 1 hour and 52 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Original theatrical trailer 
Interactive menu 
Scene access

Actors

Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, Hume Cronyn, Brian Dennehy, Steve Guttenberg, Jessica Tandy, Maureen Stapleton, Gwen Verdon, Jack Gilford, Tahnee Welch & Tyrone Power Jr

Cocoon [1985 PAL DVD][En.De.It.Es Multisubs[19]

Beskrivning på Svenska

När tre gamla vänner tillsammans flyr sitt ålderdomshem för att ta ett tjuvdopp i grannens simbassäng sker ett mirakel: när gubbarna kommer upp ur vattnet är de tjugo år yngre. Nästa gång tar de numera unga männen med sig sina fruar och vänner och träffar då de främmande varelser som ligger bakom föryngringsbadet. Utomjordingarna har dessutom mer att lära gamlingarna, mer än de någonsin kunnat ana.

Speltid 112 min
EAN-kod 7391772364302
Textning Danska Engelska Finska Franska Grekiska Hebreiska Holländska Isländska Italienska Kroatiska Norska Polska Portugisiska Spanska Svenska Tjeckiska Turkiska Tyska Ungerska
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Digital 4.1)
 Italienska (Stereo)
 Spanska (Stereo)
 Tyska (Stereo)
Bild Widescreen 1.85:1 (anamorfisk)
Lokal titel Cocoon - Djupets hemlighet
Orginal titel Cocoon
Genre Komedi Sci-Fi 
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 1985
Regi Ron Howard
Manus Tom Benedek
