Futurama season 2 full with hardburned Dutch Subs

Season 2, Episode 1: A Flight to Remember
Planet Express workers win a journey at a space cruiser called "Titanic". There, Fry acts as boyfriend of Leela,who doesn't want to be with Zapp Brannigan, and Amy, who uses Fry to tell his parents she has at least a boyfriend.They will soon have some problems with the game with Fry. Bender meets a pretty rich robot-woman, and they fall in love. The romance will be interrupted with a black hole near the cruiser.
	
Season 2, Episode 2: Mars University
Fry matriculates at Mars University and competes with a monkey made smart by Prof. Farnsworth's latest invention while Bender tries to make the local chapter of his robot fraternity cool.
	
Season 2, Episode 3: When Aliens Attack
An 'monumental' attack from Lurr of Omicron Persei 8 is precipitated by the loss of a TV show signal Fry had disrupted back in 1999.
	
Season 2, Episode 4: Fry and the Slurm Factory
Fry wins a contest to visit the factory of his favorite addictive drink, but danger ensues when he accidentally discovers the real factory.
	
Season 2, Episode 5: I Second That Emotion
When Bender flushes Leela's pet, Prof. Farnsworth affixes an emotional transponder so he can feel what Leela is feeling. Trying to make Leela feel better so he can feel better, Bender, Fry and Leela descend into the bowels of New New York to find her pet.
	
Season 2, Episode 6: Brannigan, Begin Again
After destroying the new DOOP space station, Capt. Brannigan is forced to make a living as a civilian. Begging a job at Planet Express, he instigates a mutiny against Leela so he can lead a suicidal charge (for Fry and Bender, at least) against his enemies, the Neutrals.
	
Season 2, Episode 7: A Head in the Polls
Richard Nixon's head runs for President of Earth.
	
Season 2, Episode 8: Xmas Story
Fry learns how Christmas has changed and remained the same over the last 1000 years when a Robot Santa terrorizes New New York.
	
Season 2, Episode 9: Why Must I Be a Crustacean in Love?
When Zoidberg seems to crazy, the crew realizes his body is reacting to the fact that it is mating season on his home planet. They all travel to the planet, hoping to find a mate for Zoidberg.
	
Season 2, Episode 10: Put Your Head on My Shoulder
After a horrendous accident requires his body to be rebuilt, Fry's head is attached to the shoulder of a co-worker while Bender opens a dating service just in time for Valentine's Day.
	
Season 2, Episode 11: The Lesser of Two Evils
While at a 20th century museum, Fry runs over another bending unit, Flexo. When Flexo is hired at Planet Express as extra security for the delivery of the tiara to the Miss Universe Pageant, Fry becomes suspicious of him and keeps watch on him for most of the journey. Tired, he falls asleep while guarding the tiara and when he wakes up he discovers it has been stolen.
	
Season 2, Episode 12: Raging Bender
Bender gets into trouble with a famous wrestling robot and accidentally knocks him out. Instantly, he is offered to fight in the professional robot wrestling league and Leela talks him into it, offering to train him. Bender soon figures out how the robot wrestling business works like and enjoys being rich and popular. But soon fame takes hold of him and he's about to pay the price for his behavior.
	
Season 2, Episode 13: A Bicyclops Built for Two
After Leela meets a man named Alkazar, she finds out she is not the only Cyclops left. Alkazar takes Leela to his home planet and proposes to marry her. Meanwhile, Fry suspects Alkazar is hiding something.
Next US airings:
	
Season 2, Episode 14: How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back
A meticulous substitute bureaucrat at Planet Express develops an unseemly attraction to dirty Fry while career bureaucrat Hermes Conrad goes to a vacation resort featuring forced labor. After Bender discovers the affair, only Hermes can save his personality after it is downloaded by the unscrupulous substitute.
	
Season 2, Episode 15: A Clone of My Own
Prof. Farnsworth reveals that he cloned himself years ago and introduces his clone to the Planet Express staff.
	
Season 2, Episode 16: The Deep South
When the crew goes fishing, a giant fish pulls the ship under water. There they find an ancient city, where Fry falls in love with Umbriel, a mermaid.
	
Season 2, Episode 17: Bender Gets Made
Bender gets inducted into the Robot mafia but has a crisis of conscience when their next score involves his friends on the Planet Express ship.
	
Season 2, Episode 18: The Problem with Popplers
The Planet Express crew discovers a delicious snack food on a remote planet, but Leela has a change of heart when she discovers a disturbing fact about the snack food that endangers Earth.
	
Season 2, Episode 19: Mother's Day
When Mom of Mom's Robot Factory takes control of every robot on Earth, the only man who can save the planet is Prof. Farnsworth.
	
Season 2, Episode 20: Anthology of Interest I
In this episode of Futurama the Professor creates a What If machine that answers every question. The first question is what if Bender was 500 feet tall, the second is what if Leela was more impulsive, and the third is what if Fry never came to the future.

Torrent by 3pp0 | Subs from www.bierdopje.com Thx!  :) (translator unknown)