It's actually very difficult to try and review a record from 1966 36 years later and judge it by standards of 1966.
Can you put yourselves in the shoes of a 17 year old kid in 1966? You just walked home from the local record shop and you're sitting down in front of the turntable. You slide your thumbnail along the plastic to open up the album and remove the LP from its paper jacket. You carefully hold the edges of the record with your palms and set it down, pulling the tone arm over to drop the needle into the groove.

The guitar stylings of George Harrison are what you hear first, as "Taxman" plays through your phono speakers, a great new Beatles tune indeed. After listening to more of the record you hear the heady symbolism of "Eleanor Rigby", the Beach Boys-like harmony of "Here, There and Everywhere", the horns-rich McCartney kicker "Got To Get You Into My Life" and the Lennon acid-trip-set-to-music "Tomorrow Never Knows".

Yes, there are many other great tunes on this album...radio favorites like "Good Day Sunshine" and "Yellow Submarine". And other greats like "She Said, She Said", a song based on something Peter Fonda is said to have said to John Lennon, "I know what it's like to be dead". How about "And Your Bird Can Sing" and Lennon's beautiful "I'm Only Sleeping".

And at the age of 17 in 1966, you do not yet know that "Got To Get You Into My Life" would help usher in a genre of music known as the Chicago-sound with bands like The Buckinghams, The Ides of March, The American Breed, Chicago and more using rich brass harmony. In 1966 you do not know that Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys was also sitting listening to Revolver, which in no small part spurred him on to create "Pet Sounds". And you don't realize that there are lush string quartets playing on "Eleanor Rigby". String quartets on your local Top-40 radio station!! How can "Eleanor Rigby" with string quartets be played on-air alongside "You Can't Hurry Love" by the Supremes or "Hanky Panky" by Tommy James & the Shondells. Those are two great songs, but how do they compare to the orchestration and imagery of "Eleanor Rigby"?

These guys were just the Beatles...a rowdy quartet from Liverpool, England, right? Not much different from Gerry and the Pacemakers or Freddie and the Dreamers??? Not anymore...not after Revolver. After Revolver, rock and roll changed. The music was now becoming Rock music, and bands like the Beatles were evolving into something new. British bands like The Yardbirds, The Who and The Pink Floyd were experimenting with exciting new sounds, and there was a whole new free-form sound in the U.S. coming out of San Francisco with bands like The Charlatans, The Great Society (later Jefferson Airplane), The Grateful Dead and others.

"Pet Sounds" came out in `66, and then "Sgt. Pepper" came out in `67...this sealed the deal. Rock music was born.

How could you not own the CD "Revolver"? 

by  R. Sobkoviak

TRACKLIST:

01 - Taxman.wma                                             
02 - Eleanor Rigby.wma                                      
03 - I'm Only Sleeping.wma                                  
04 - Love You To.wma                                        
05 - Here, There And Everywhere.wma                         
06 - Yellow Submarine.wma                                   
07 - She Said She Said.wma                                  
08 - Good Day Sunshine.wma                                  
09 - And Your Bird Can Sing.wma                             
10 - For No One.wma                                         
11 - Doctor Robert.wma                                      
12 - I Want To Tell You.wma                                 
13 - Got To Get You Into My Life.wma                        
14 - Tomorrow Never Knows.wma   

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO	

FOLLOW ME ON FACEBOOK PAGES: MARCELODRGZTPB

ATTENTION: I will read comments on all the material shared only on my Facebook page (MARCELODRGZTPB). If you have thanks, if you want to report any torrent, if you want some special request or want to be part of the community, we ask you to please do it through Facebook (MARCELODRGZTPB). In this way I can answer a lot faster and have more interaction between us. See you on MARCELODRGZTPB! THANK SO MUCH!!!