Benjamin Trane (Cooper) and Joe Erin (Lancaster) are two daredevil mercenaries who journey to Mexico in search of adventure, and cold hard cash, during the 1866 revolution. But they get more than they bargained for when the wealthy and beautiful Countess Duvarre (Denise Darcel) hires them to escort her, and a fortune in gold, to Emperor Miximilian's fighting forces in Vera Cruz.

The trail is fraught with danger, betrayal and murder. When Ben is swept up in the revoutionaries' fervour, he and Joe find themselves at odds with the Mexican army - and each other!


Actors Gary Cooper, Burt Lancaster, Cesar Romero, George Macready, Ernest Borgnine, Charles Bronson & Charles Horvath
Director Robert Aldrich
Certificate PG
Year 1954
Screen 1.98:1 Anamorphic Widescreen
Languages English - Dolby (1.0) Mono

Subtitles English ; French ; German ; Italian ; Spanish ; Dutch ; Swedish ; Norwegian ; Danish ; English for the hearing impaired ; German for the hearing impaired
Duration 1 hour and 32 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

7,1/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047647/ 





Besök *--| TankaNer . com |--* för mer musik, filmer och serier!

Vera Cruz [1954 PAL DVD-DL][En.De.Fr.It.Es Multisubs[9]

Legendary screen icons Gary Cooper (High Noon) and Burt Lancaster (Elmer Gantry) team up for a magnificent, action-packed western from director Robert Aldrich (The Dirty Dozen) and screenwriters Roland Kibbee and James R. Webb. With sweeping vistas and larger-than-life heroics, it?s a tale as bold and rugged as the characters it so brilliantly depicts. 
Cooper and Lancaster portray Benjamin Trane and Joe Erin, two daredevil mercenaries who journey into Mexico in search of adventure - and hard cash - during the 1866 revolution. But they get more than they bargained for when the wealthy and beautiful Countess Duvarre hires them to escort her (and a fortune in gold) to Emperor Maximilian?s fighting forces in Vera Cruz. The trail is fraught with danger, betrayal, and murder? and when Ben is swept up in the revolutionary fervour, he and Joe find themselves at odds with the Mexican army - and each other. 

Text: Danska Engelska Finska Franska Italienska Norska Spanska Svenska Tyska Ljud: Engelska (Mono)  
Bild:Widescreen 1.85:1 
Format:DVD Region 2 

Speltid:92 min
Färg/svartvit:Färg
TV-system:PAL
EAN-kod:5050070006520
Svensk titel:Vera Cruz
Originaltitel:Vera Cruz
Genre:Klassiker / Western
Produktionsland:USA 
Premiärår:1954
Regi:Robert Aldrich 
Manus:Borden Chase, Roland Kibbee 
Skådespelare:Gary Cooper, Burt Lancaster, Denise Darcel, Cesar Romero, 
Sara Montiel, George Macready, Jack Elam, Ernest Borgnine, James McCallion 
