This is an Iso file. Open up imgburn or roxio and add the image file and (burn image to disk). After the process is complete, just play on any dvd player, xbox 360 or ps3,ect. This has been tested before uploading. Absolutely no viruses. Your welcome people!







Storyline
As a toxin begins to turn the residents of Ogden Marsh, Iowa into violent psychopaths, sheriff David Dutton tries to make sense of the situation while he, his wife, and two other unaffected townspeople band together in a fight for survival. Written by IMDb Editors  

Plot Summary | Plot Synopsis
Plot Keywords: Sheriff | Iowa | Deputy | Army | Insanity  | See more »
Taglines: Help Us See more »
Genres: Horror | Sci-Fi | Thriller
Motion Picture Rating (MPAA)
Rated R for bloody violence and language. See all certifications »
Parents Guide: View content advisory »
Edit
Details
Official Sites: Official site [Japan] | Official site [Mexico] | See more »
Country: USA | United Arab Emirates
Language: English
Release Date: 26 February 2010 (USA) See more »
Also Known As: El día del apocalipsis See more »
Filming Locations: Cordele, Georgia, USA See more »
Box Office
Budget: $20,000,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend: $16,067,552 (USA) (28 February 2010) (2 Screens)
Gross: $39,103,378 (USA) (16 May 2010)
See more »
Company Credits
Production Co: Overture Films, Participant Media, Imagenation Abu Dhabi FZ See more »
Show detailed company contact information on IMDbPro »
Technical Specs
Runtime: 101 min
Sound Mix: DTS  | Dolby Digital  | SDDS
Color: Color
Aspect Ratio: 2.35 : 1
See full technical specs »
 MOVIEmeter: Up 11% in popularity this week. See why on IMDbPro
Edit
Did You Know?
Trivia
If you read the graffiti on the jail cell wall, one appears to say "Romero". See more »
Quotes
[first lines] 
Becca Darling: Um, Dr. Dutton, my aunt's in town. 
Judy Dutton: Um hmm... 
Becca Darling: And she's sick too. 
Judy Dutton: Phew, I'm going to need you to stay late tonight. You know, you should probably text your aunt - Scotty - and tell him you can't make it to the baseball game tonight.
See more »
Crazy Credits
A scene concerning the fate of Ogden Marsh appears during the closing credits. See more »
Connections
Referenced in "Midnight Movie Review: The Crazies (#2.4)" (2011) See more »
Soundtracks
"Bring Me Sunshine" 
Written by Arthur Kent and Sylvia Dee
Performed by Willie Nelson
Courtesy of RCA Nashville
By Arrangement with Sony Music Licensing See more »