-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

General information:

Complete title: The.Great.Escape.1963.HDTVRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 3.0 GiB
Duration: 2h 45mn
Subtitle: Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: Hours ago... Minutes ago.... These men were behind barbed wire

Storyline:

Based on a true story, a group of allied escape artist type prisoners of war are all put in an 'escape proof' camp. 
Their leader decides to try to take out several hundred all at once. 
The first half of the film is played for comedy as the prisoners mostly outwit their jailers to dig the escape tunnel. 
The second half is high adventure as they use boats and trains and planes to get out of occupied Europe.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/great_escape/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057115/

Cast:

Steve McQueen 	... 	Capt. Hilts "The Cooler King" 
James Garner 	... 	Flight Lt. Hendley "The Scrounger" 
Richard Attenborough 	... 	Squadron Leader Roger Bartlett "Big X" 
James Donald 	... 	Group Capt. Ramsey "The SBO" 
Charles Bronson 	... 	Flight Lt. Danny Velinski "The Tunnel King" 
Donald Pleasence 	... 	Flight Lt. Colin Blythe "The Forger" 
James Coburn 	... 	Flying Officer Louis Sedgwick "The Manufacturer" 
Hannes Messemer 	... 	Kommandant von Luger 
David McCallum 	... 	Lt. Cmdr. Eric Ashley-Pitt "Dispersal" 
Gordon Jackson 	... 	Flight Lt. Sandy MacDonald "Intelligence" 
John Leyton 	... 	Flight Lt. William Dickes "The Tunneler" 
Angus Lennie 	... 	Flying Officer Archibald Ives "The Mole" 
Nigel Stock 	... 	Flight Lt. Denys Cavendish "The Surveyor" 
Robert Graf 	... 	Werner 'The Ferret' 
Jud Taylor 	... 	Goff

Genre: Adventure | Drama | History | War
Director: John Sturges
Rating: No Rating
Language: English | German | French | Russian
Awards: Nominated for Oscar. Another 3 wins & 4 nominations
Original source: The Great Escape 1963 720p HDTV x264-DON

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 268 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 9 054 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 546 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.35:1
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.130

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 332 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 373 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.