Padagogy of the Oppressed - Pablo Freiri [UnviolentPeaceMaker] (ebook .doc, mp3 Audio Book)

-------------

Chomsky applauds Paulo Freire’s liberatory learning pedagogy and believes that 'composition courses are perfectly appropriate places' for helping students develop 'systems of intellectual self-defense and “the capacity for inquiry.'

-------------

URGENT, PLS, 
SEED, SEED, SEED ALL, ALL, ALL ...    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/UnviolentPeacemaker/ TPB uploads.  
SOON I MAY BE PREVENTED.  DO IT.  
KEEP THESE TORRENTS ALIVE.  
Thanks.  
All of them.

-------------

NOTE:  Read by the excellent ATT voice. Dont like it?  Dont download it. Dont complain.  Dont get in the way of serious 

citizens.

-------------
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedagogy_of_the_Oppressed

Pedagogy of the Oppressed
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Critical pedagogy
Major works
Pedagogy of the Oppressed
Theorists
Paulo Freire · John Dewey
Henry Giroux · Peter McLaren
Joe Kincheloe · Shirley Steinberg
Pedagogy
Anti-oppressive education Anti-bias curriculum Anti-racist mathematics Multicultural education
Curriculum studies Teaching for social justice
Inclusion (education) Humanitarian education
Student-centred learning Popular education Feminist composition · Ecopedagogy Queer pedagogy · Critical literacy Critical reading Critical consciousness
Concepts
Praxis · Hidden curriculum
Consciousness raising Poisonous pedagogy
Related
Reconstructivism · Critical theory
Frankfurt School Political consciousness
v · d · e

Pedagogy of the Oppressed is the most widely known of educator Paulo Freire's works. It proposes a pedagogy with a new relationship between teacher, student, and society. It was first published in Portuguese in 1968, and was translated and published in English in 1970.[1]

Dedicated to what is called "the oppressed" and based on his own experience helping Brazilian adults to read and write, Freire includes a detailed Marxist class analysis in his exploration of the relationship between what he calls "the colonizer" and "the colonized." The book remains popular among educators all over the world and is one of the foundations of critical pedagogy.

In the book Freire calls traditional pedagogy the "banking model" because it treats the student as an empty vessel to be filled with knowledge, like a piggybank. However, he argues for pedagogy to treat the learner as a co-creator of knowledge.

According to Donaldo Macedo, a former colleague of Freire and University of Massachusetts professor, Pedagogy of the Oppressed is a revolutionary text, and people in totalitarian states risk punishment reading it[2]; Arizona's secretary of education, Tom Horne, objects to its use in classrooms.[3] The book has sold over 750 000 copies worldwide.[4]