Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:        
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                  
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                  
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains three videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?k1jeadvj9mw7ge84yuqbbnn0q1aa  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?v7an8frajyidqbzy0zomhak7vmqv  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?61j8tme8dpra741h2zr1ncixwos   breasts with Danielle 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?henmf6mmz917mpxwv1xc3v34hele  kissing Danielle 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?a07snue3py8p4te1p01ml3go6y    breasts with Danielle 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3rccj5ncipbhd9p3cigc8qctbf9   carrots in vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zl72bieb2iydnph1y630njmu0zn   Danielle licking ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kdvjy2l0kzklgizg6nx6k39uqsfj  carrots in vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2d6lr15p3pymni846k6tgbdij78   standing
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mcb5q3yxtbf1s5agd9fvda8ti     vid 1 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1bgqoad7uawiwxj91e5470c9q6h0  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?9rodtptw51ru592wvuvgbmhxn8f   vid 2 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xt6njs5j0wpu9atb2f5khp2f2enx  vid 2 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8deh7fewjen1swoirzlzxbwp5     vid 3 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?d10yj6tvrhoyhmbldhubxxsh8rs9  vid 3 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Anne's Comments: I can’t believe it’s been two years since I was on FTV, but my second shoot was more exciting…and daring than I could have imagined! I was thrilled to shoot again because my first time was such a great experience. I loved all the masturbation and flashing, but I wanted to be more adventurous this time around. And I wanted to do it with another girl. I have been into girls for a while, experimenting more and more over the last few years. So I was eager to put some of the things I enjoy doing with girls on film! Imagine how turned on I was when I found out I was shooting with FTV’s Danielle!  That desire intensified as we emailedback and forth…we were really hitting it off! The anticipation and attraction kept building with each correspondence. We had so much in common, but our differences also complimented each other too. I was getting wet just thinking about her in the days leading up to the shoot! When I got to town I had to exercise some of my excitement away…there was NO WAY I was going to be able to sleep thinking about how many ways we were going to get each other off the next day! So off I went to the sporting goods store to get some gear before heading to the gym. I was flashing my tits and ass all along the way, masturbating as much as possible in both places to calm myself down a little. It didn’t work so well because I was still trying to cool down at dinner. I don’t know how many people I ended up barring my body to by the end of the day! I even got reprimanded for playing with myself in an office park…the tension was proving too much for me!  But it was so worth the wait! Danielle and I bonded over our similarities and reveled in our differences even more when we met face to face. I immediately became more aggressive with her than I have ever been with anyone else, which was a turn on for both of us. Within moments it seemed like we were licking and teased each other’s nipples and clits, until she made me cum a few times. Then I had to take charge and make sure I returned the favor, fisting her for the first time ever! She took it like a good little girl though, moaning and making me wet every time I pushed further inside her. After that we decided to use my strap on. We got on the floor and had some anal and dp play before our appetites got the best of us and we had to get some food before we could satisfy our sexual appetites. Teasing each other at lunch made us want to play with our food a little, so we had some fun stuffing our pussys with carrots and then key limes when we got home! After that we finished each other with some more aggressive fist action! I rode her fist till I came all over it and then I drug her back down stairs for a hardcore fisting and vibra king session to finish the day.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Its been a long while since we've seen Anne, she was that superpopular girl of Christmas 2009.  Wanted to bring her back for a long time, and a shoot was in the works for a while.  She really really wanted to do a girl-girl this time, and it just so happened that Danielle had a major crush on her.  I set them up by phone/email, and they really hit it off.  Just look at a sample of their correspondence by email!  Anne sent me photos of herself, with shorter hair, so I told her to try to grow it as long as possible (2 months before the shoot).  Though I prefer longer hair, she does look hot (sort of a Victoria Beckham style) especially in that ultra-fit figure.  I'd say she's the most fit girl on FTV.   So we meet & greet at the airport, and the shoot starts right there with her flashing her breasts.  On this portion of the update the video was done with my new professional-version handycam (Canon G10) which allowed me to get away with a lot of public scenes that day.  The downside is the color saturation and reduced manual control (and a little corruption on the middle of clip4).  Well worth it though, as I would have never gotten away with that gym scene.  And totally public it was, to a point where I had put us at significant risk with all the security cameras around (department store, gym, restaurant, mall, etc...).   Super enthusiastic girl, and this was a good warmup for what is next.


Danielle's Comments: NAnne and I had been emailing back and forth for a month before the shoot. It was really nice being able to get to know somebody before shooting with them which hasn't really happened before. To be perfectly honest when I first started looking at her pictures and videos I was dead jealous. I mean that girl is gorgeous and has an amazing body. Then I realized how freaking nice she is and was totally smitten. One of the things I really liked about her was how well written she is. I really do not like it when people can't at least use spell check and don't use punctuation, correct grammar, etc. Apparently she had been in the advertising world a few years ago...so you would assume that she is pretty educated (talking to her you can definitely see that). I really like how up front and candid she is. I felt like I could tell her anything and it wouldn't really faze her. She is into BDSM which is awesome since I really started getting into that whole world this year. She told me about FetishCon which is held in Tampa and was telling me that I should go next year (which I plan on doing since she made it sound like so much fun).
Getting ready for the shoot was kind of lame. I went on a diet a month before hand so I could slim down a bit. The diet wasn't one of those weird fad diets, it just had me eating 6 times a day and cut out all sugar, caffeine, most starch...pretty much all the yummy food. I was eating a lot of protein and veggies and some dairy, grain, and fruits. I got my lashes done two days before the shoot (I have eyelash extensions that I get "touched up" every two to three weeks). I also got my nails done and hair done the day before the shoot. The past few times I got my hair done it ended up a golden blonde color that I did not ask for (I was wanting ash blonde hair) but fortunately I had a really good hair stylist that colored it the perfect shade. I'm sure my mom is going to hate it and say I look washed out (though to be honest looking at some of the pics from the shoot I kind of felt that way). Rob wanted me to cut my nails short for the fisting scenes so for the first time in a long time I have short nails. I did have to have them cut short anyways for this spiritual class that I was taking that ended two days before the shoot (we had to have short nails to do pressure points on each other) so they wouldn't have been able to grow out by the day of the shoot. I bought a ton of new clothes online a few weeks before and figured I would save them to do this shoot in (though I only ended up wearing one of the new dresses).

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  So the girls meet in person for the first time, chill and talk for a while (here's a little outtake of them meeting up).  Danielle is a bit shy at first, and you can tell that the mature more experienced Anne is the aggressive one.  Clip 1 is the acquaintance video, where I did no directing but let them do their their for their first time, let them flow on their own.  So everything that happens for the first 15 minutes is them exploring each other without any direction from me.  The landscapers show up, so there's some playfulness as they approach.  Anne is quick to orgasm from Danielle's oral sex, though Danielle needs more stimulation through a vibrator.  Extreme closeups of oral sex as well as nipple sucking/biting as well.  Though fisting was planned for later, fingering turned into more fingers, and eventually a fist for Danielle.  It was her very first full fist experience, and she really enjoyed the pleasure/pain experience.  Pretty incredible to see her fisted like that.  The only difficulty in my shooting here was the total contrast between the two girls' skintone, and I made the error of forgetting to ask Danielle to come a little darker through tanning.  Or perhaps the contrast is something you guys will like.  Whatever the case, it made getting the right balanced exposure quite difficult.  They take a lunch break and some groceries for later, with some flashing when they can, since those big breasts of theirs really do stand out in public!


Danielle's Comments: The contrast between Anne and I was quite interesting. She was so tan compared to me...but I think it looks incredible in pictures. Not sure how it's going to look on video. I think Rob was kind of annoyed with it though since it's hard to shoot two girls that have such different skin tones. Of course she is much smaller than me (though I don't think I've really shot with a girl that is my size/height). I thought it was amazing that she was able to pick me up and give me a piggy back ride. It scared me a bit though when she started going down the stairs with me on her back. I can't even remember the last time I got a piggy back ride. Normally I'm the one carrying girls around. One of the good things about her being "pocket sized" was that she had smaller hands which worked perfectly when it came to fisting me. I was a bit nervous about her fisting me but I was adamant that I would do it. We ended up doing two fisting scenes. I tried getting off the first time but the toy I was using was a bit too weak for me. The second time I was at first using my white vibrator but again I decided it was too weak so I used the VibraKing. If you can't get off with that toy then you probably can't get off with any toy. It definitely did the trick for me. I feel like I got off way harder than I normally do with Anne's fist inside of me. Getting the widest part of the fist inside is a bit painful (but then again I like pain) but once it's in it feels amazing. It felt like her hand was moving my insides around...like I could look down and see her fingers poking my stomach. It's kind of a hard thing to describe. Feeling that "full" while masturbating is the perfect way to masturbate.
The strap on scene with Anne was...different. I like being a girl. My thighs were getting tired from the weird thrusting movements I was making when I was using the strap on on Anne. Anne trying to use the strap on on me was funny. At first we tried using the Feeldoe which did not work out at all. That thing doesn't stay inside like it's supposed to. Rob then wanted us to use one of my toys anally which we tried to do...it just didn't work the way we thought it should have. I'm not sure how much of the anal toy I got inside of me...I don't think it was that much. I wanted to try to do something extreme anally and I think that if I had gotten that purple toy all the way in that might have been considered extreme. That was not a small toy by any means. It was 5 1/2 inches long and 5 inches around at it's widest point (I just measured it). The angle that we were in just did not work. I think we tried doing it in a couple different angles but none of them seemed to work out.
Doing the carrot and key lime competition was incredibly fun. I'm a pretty competitive person so I was determined to be the one with the most carrots or key limes in me. Rob told me that FTVGirls Violet stuffed 8 or 9 carrots inside of her so I was determined to beat that (which I didn't). I think I ended up able to stuff 8 carrots in me. That's the second time I've done a carrot stuffing scene. I shot one for my 2011 Easter update for my website...funny enough in the same location as the carrot stuffing scene. I was a bit iffy about the whole key lime stuffing. I remember assisting FTVGirls Luna's shoot were I had to reach into her vagina to pull out limes that had gotten stuck inside of her. I almost got 9 key limes inside of me but the ninth kept on popping out so I guess I only got 8. Getting them out was hillarious. Some of them popped out by themselves, some of them I got out myself, and some of them Anne had to dig around for. Those things can really get lost in there.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Getting them dressed up in their hottest dress & heels and then making out is always a turn-on for me, and I got multiple angles of it.  They both had discussed strapons, but to be honest, strapons are not easy to shoot, nor do they work too well.  Danielle gets it anally, then Anne gets it harder and deeper.  The girls get to experience how a guy has to maneuver, and they realize now how its not so easy.  Anne wants to be double penetrated, and brings out her own toy to be pushed deep anally.  Danielle gets the idea to use her mouth on the toy, which was pretty original.  Its Anne's turn to get fisted next, and wow is it hot when that large fist of Danielle's goes deep inside Anne.  The skintone contrast here really stands out, so you can see the fisting very clearly.  A member had requested a 'fisting ride', which ended up becoming the hottest part of the fisting in my opinion.  Seeing Anne ride Danielle's hand (and deeper) is something else.  A veggie contest is next, where they try stuffing as many carrots as possible (Violet-style) and both get about 8.  Same goes for the limes, which is pretty incredible to imagine 8 or so of them inside them, completely stuffed.  They help each other pull out the limes, or they pop them out with their vaginal muscles.   And for an incredible climax, Danielle gets fisted again, but this time harder, deeper, and rougher.  I told Anne to go all out, use her muscles, twist her whole arm, rotate her fist in there... It turned out that Danielle (with the help of the Vibraking) ended up with the hardest, strongest orgasm of her life.  Just look at her facial reactions, those curled toes... incredible.   So I hope you enjoy this years-end special, with two very popular girls pushing their limits, making this possibly the most extreme girl-girl ever.