Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:    
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:    
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:    
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and five photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?tsjwglqhkswxv1wxz69a13tb21gm  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?f1fvdaz4n0ibawtnhhf1fo84i7bb  Lacie inserting cucumber into Tamara's vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sdy8dc2qnua9cmj9e6pwkpa9xdr   Tamara face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3o2v22ec453z0bbwuja86kxfs     Tamara standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xveqnxl3hbk13fxxftuey2oz5g06  both standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?hprdk6482oaiuj20gzo9t37vr6z   Lacie ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8e5o4v2o5v2t5jsz3u8itwrlyyf   Both vaginas 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?72kr6ds414nrf0wgrti7d62918j   Tamara opening Lacie's vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?p3exhiklcm9cq4ei9ya75dix90h   Vid 1 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?77xv0asrsbb5xkhnov6wsf2sjfaf  Vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?l4u9nr2cjqbn61hx3glnwvw6a86   Vid 2 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?njxuqtp4gqvr2zolfa9af53v7ue   Vid 2 storyboard


The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Lacie's Comments: Its crazy what happened BEFORE I even got to the shoot. I had to go through the TSA at the airport and my vibrator inside my bag started buzzing! Of course they knew what it was but they had to embarass me by opening up the bag and laying out all the toys right in front of everyone! The photographer told me to take out the batteries next time when I travel... I thought duh! Of course. Tamara lives in Phoenix and I live in LA so I had to fly down and she met me at the airport and the photographer picked us up there. We fooled around near her side of the hood and some ice cream. Never been to her place before so it was cool to see her at home. I know her thru LA & stayed at a place together with her when she's shooting in LA. Thats how I got to know her and become friends with her. I know she had another friend she was going to shoot with but something fell through, not any of my business! She has a lot of toys at her place so I guess I really didn't need to bring any. I really like the vibrator we used and its different from I'm used to (I like dildos or my fingers better). Its so strong, but not too strong if you know what I mean? I'm sorry about what happened with my bicycle accident believe it or not some of the money I made from my last ftv shoot went to the bicycle. I was going downhill at probably 20mph when I bit it. There's a big gash in my hand you don't see and yes I did cry. It hurt like hell! It didn't stop me from having fun today and I really really wanted to have Tamara but never really had a chance to until today.

Tamara's Comments: I still remember how I did my very first porn shoot with FTVGirls.com and had a blast doing it. It was just as fun this time and I had someone to share it with. Its now a year since I started doing porn and I'm a year older and more experienced. I had a boyfriend who wasn't too comfortable with what I was doing so now I'm single. Its easier this way, I'm not tied down and I can do what I want. I still have my place in phx so I took Lacie there. She's a gorgeous girl and I wanted to fuck her bad. She's got that meaty pussy that I like and there's just something about natural readheads that turn me on big time. We've never shot together before and I've only pecked her on the lips so it was all exciting to be all over a girl like her. This time I made sure my roomates weren't there so I could really get down with her like on the balcony without my roomies watching. We even shared my favorite new toy and I got to watch her cum in front of me. I think that is the sexiest thing when you can watch a gorgeous girl live cumming like that. She was so wet down there and her juices were all over my hands. I'm not that much a taster but a licker and I really enjoy kissing her. Just look at those kissable pouty lips :)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  For a long while now I've been wanting to bring Tamara back, but she fell sick and left for a time -- then I managed to set her up with her once-best friend Anessa. Bad luck for me, they ended up having a fight a week before the shoot, and so a dream shoot of mine never transpired. Supposedly Anessa was hitting on Tamara's boyfriend. Whatever the case, months went by, and Lacie came along, becoming quite popular and she got close to Tamara. So why not set those two up together? Well my bad luck wasn't over yet, as Tamara ended up going on her period, and shoot got rescheduled to two weeks later. More bad luck after that? Well yes, notice that Lacie had her bicycle accident a few days before this shoot, so she arrives with a sprained hand and a badly injured knee. But she was very enthusiastic about shooting, and we ended up with a wonderful shoot day. Tamara had her first time experience before shooting with anyone else here on FTV (as did Lacie), and I wanted to go back to her dormitory apartment and start them there. They get frisky out in college town, then some hot oral sex and masturbation at Tamara's place. Tamara is a very tiny girl, and Lacie is 5'8", so shooting them together I had to make sure I get my 'angles' right. Notice that Tamara's breasts are larger, due to her recent use of birth control pills. Quite often a girl will have a nipple slip, flash something unintentionally at the restaurant etc... so I make sure they repeat it for us on camera.

Lacie's Comments: I've never seen a girl so motivated to shoot btw, Tamara is tiny but full of energy and upbeat even in all this heat. I know she's Arizonan but I can see how she makes photographers love to work with her. I just really wanted to stick my fingers in her and feel what she was like and kiss her a lot. I know I'm a lot taller than her but I like petite girls and she's the kind that turn me on. So I was cool with anything she wanted to do. Even when the cops stopped us outside she gave them all the right answers and we didn't end up with any trouble. She was riding that cucumber and it was hot as hell watching it from my view. When she wanted to fist me I said ok, because there isn't anyone else in the work I could think of that I would let do something like that to me but her. She was gentle and I can see now how she was saying it would look hot. I never ever thought I could do something like that but as they say there's a first time for everything! I had to head back to LA so we couldn't hang out after the shoot. And guess what? My mom is picking me up from the airport. Little does she know!

Tamara's Comments: Some of my fans might want to know what happened to me these last 6 months. Well I really got sick, I have had issues with ovarian cysts and my gall bladder. So I had several surgeries and even had my gall bladder removed. And with my grandpa dying of lung cancer its put my life into perspective so I've quit smoking and a few other things. I introduced my friend to FTVGirls.com (the girl you know as Anessa) and for the longest while she was my best friend but things got sour when she started hitting on my ex-boyfriend. So yeah I would probably have done a girl-girl with her if that hadn't happened. Now she's had some trouble with her mom because her boyfriend told her mom about her shooting porn and lives with her grandma. I don't want a crazy uncertain life so I'm changing a few things around. Anyways while doing the cucumbers was the photographers (or the members) idea the fisting was mine. Because of my ovarian surgery I can't do it anymore but I really wanted to get kinky and try it on someone like Lacie. I've never fisted a girl before and she was the kind of girl I always fantasize about fisting. I really do fantasize about it! It was the hottest feeling to have her moist insides wrapping around my entire hand and tightening up around me. She's so warm almost hot inside and I could touch all those things nobody else has. The pictures were so hot! That was the highlight of my day and maybe its the closest I can get to feeling what it might be like for a guy's penis being inside a girl. Thanks for everything again and I hope you liked my 2011 shoot. Maybe back for 2012!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   The girls put on their cutest dresses, and we went off on location at a pretty resort with water fountains, etc... We started shooting, with some very erotic kissing and fingering. Notice this outtake where this random construction worker walks by. I didn't think too much of it, but apparently he called the police, and they arrived just a few minutes after clip1. Fortunately nothing serious happened, they interviewed the girls and checked their ID's, and essentially kicked us out. Ironically, the cop that came down was the same one that had given me a ticket for rolling through a stop sign a few months before. Here's a picture of the girls waiting as the officer was checking the ID's. Back home, out of the heat, and the girls ready for more fun, I let them play around in the nude, which lead to them going back to oral sex, in a 69 position. Some closeups (and Lacie definitely has the fast tongue!). A big member request was some cucumber play, the long kind like the twins did (Haley & Hayden), and so Lacie starts out first, taking it like she did the Big Pink Toy in her original shoot. The cucumber is deep enough and shes tight enough that it stays inside her while in doggy. Then Tamara tries it out as well, and it gets pretty erotic when she starts riding it doggy style. The hottest part is definitely when the two take it in like a double-ended toy, grinding away and turning themselves on. The depth they take off the 20 inch cucumber is quite extreme, with only a few inches left between them. If you remember Lacie's very cute ballerina dance scene, well I let Tamara join in, who is a girl who really doesn't dance, and let the two play together. A sweet fun 4 minutes where we see two slender naked bodies in motion. Out at the pool, its all about extreme closeups, with intimate kisses, nipple sucking, oral sex, and fingering (and some gaping). Then its an extreme moment I wasn't sure would be physically possible -- Tamara fisting Lacie! She works her hand in, going deeper and deeper, until its a full fisting. It really pushed Lacie's limits, but it was a very sensual and extreme moment that made for a perfect ending to this shoot.