The Clinton Vision Old Wine, New Bottles
By Noam Chomsky


Format: MP3
Bitrate: 32 Kbps


In this 1994 speech Noam Chomsky shoots from the hip, criticizing the early days of the Clinton administration long before anyone had ever heard of Monica Lewinsky. Chomsky digs into Clinton's bungled health care plan, his business interests, his labor policies, and his involvement with the North American Free Trade Agreement. Despite being the world's foremost linguist, Chomsky is not exactly a charismatic speaker- he drones a bit and offers humor sparingly. His strong, simple words, though, and his big ideas are undeniably engrossing. He takes politics out of the ether and shows us how it affects our lives and the lives of those around us.

Noam Chomsky is an influential linguist, professor, author, and activist. Chomsky has been active in left-wing politics and he opposed the Vietnam War. He is the eighth most cited source of all time, and is considered the ''most cited living author''. Chomsky is also the author of over 150 books.


Running Time: 56:12


1  Intro	
2  Grand Visions from the Whitehouse	
3  Clinton and the Future of the Free Market	
4  Public Subsidies, Private Profits
5  China: Human Rights and Nuclear Technology
6  Class War in the Media: Clinton, the Press, Organized Labor
7  Why the Elites Hate Democracy
8  Clinton's Bottom Line: Business Interests
9  Clinton And Nafta: The Rich Get Richer
10 Mexico and Free Trade
11 Nafta: People Suffer As Profits Rise
12 Nafta, Democracy And The New Economic World Order
13 US Companies Crush Canadian Insurance Reform
14 The Corporate Attack on Democracy
15 Clinton's Health Plan Soaks the Poor
16 Clinton's Vision and Public Opinion
17 Social Disintegration and Clinton's Anti-crime Package
18 A New Policy for the US: What's in it for us?
19 Beating Down the Working Class
20 Labor Loses in Clinton Vision
21 Who were the Real Winners of the Cold War?
22 What We Can Do
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51cSFwR4moL._SL500_AA300_.jpg
