 http://bayimg.com/pAioHAaDa

Whore (1991) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103253/

FULLSCREEN  85MIN 

Directed by Ken Russell    
  
Writing credits

David Hines   (play 'Bondage')

Ken Russell   (screenplay) and Deborah Dalton   (screenplay) 

Theresa Russell ...  Liz 
 Michael Crabtree ...  Man in Car 
 John Diehl ...  Derelict 
 Antonio Fargas ...  Rasta 
 Robert O'Reilly ...  Younger Man in Car 
 Charles Macaulay ...  Older Man in Car 
 Jason Kristofer ...  Shy Kid in Van 
 Jack Nance ...  Man Who Helps Liz 
 Sanjay Chandani ...  Indian (as Sanjay) 
 Frank Smith ...  Charlie 
 Gail McMullen ...  Nurse in Convalescent Home 
 Benjamin Mouton ...  Blake 
 Bob Prupas ...  Maitre'D 
 Bobby Bruce ...  Violinist 
 Danny Trejo ...  Tattoo Artist 

Whore is a 1991 film by controversial British director and screenwriter Ken Russell, starring actress Theresa Russell. While not a financial success, the film did attract some positive notices (and generated an unrelated sequel), but is largely overlooked today.

Adapted by Mr. Russell and Deborah Dalton from the English play by David Hines called Bondage and chronicles one day in the life of Liz the whore. She speaks directly to the camera, docudrama style, telling us about her gang rape, beatings, daily humiliations and adventures with an assortment of tricks--some good, some turds. The film intercuts from the present to flashbacks that show how she got started as a whore, her failed marriage to Bill (Jason Saucier), her son taken away to protective custody because she's declared an unfit mother, and how a sadistic pimp named Blake (Benjamin Mouton) took control of her earnings and her life. Rasta (Antonio Fargas) plays the black skid-row philosopher who befriends Liz (her only friend in the film). 

Lacking large studio support, the film was produced and distributed by Trimark Pictures. The film's small shooting budget is reflected in the choppy editing and production value. Presumably to save on crew expenses, Ken Russell is listed as camera operator in production credits (under the name Alf).

Although told from the first-person perspective of a prostitute, the script plays more like a dark comedy. The film was in limited distribution in U.S. movie houses, mainly due to it having received the dreaded NC-17 rating by the MPAA, did not achieve critical acclaim, and quickly moved into pay-per-view and VHS release.

An unrelated direct-to-video sequel, Whore II, was released three years later in 1994, written and directed by Amos Kolleck.

Theatre marquees for two other Ken Russell films, Crimes of Passion (1984) and The Lair of the White Worm (1988), are seen in the film. Director Ken Russell made the movie as a response to Pretty Woman (1990).

The original play on which the film was based was written by a London taxi driver, who based it on a conversation with a local prostitute he drove. 

Russell adapted the play to the screen as an answer to the film Pretty Woman released at around that same time. 

In addition to its regular video release, Whore was also released on video with the title If You're Afraid to Say It... Just See It 

Banned in the Republic of Ireland.

"DOING THE BANG"
Produced & Performed by Fascinating Force
Written by P. Nero, H. Nero, J. Spivey, T. Keith & W. Fratacci
Courtesy of Select Records

"LET ME BE YOUR FANTASY"
Performed by Girls Club
Written by E. Esquilan and R. Ricardo
Produced by R. Ricardo
Courtesy of Select Records

"YOUR LOVE"
Performed by Sandie Morgan
Written by M. Moses
Produced by Mitch Moses and Bart Adams
Courtesy of Select Records

"LOVE OF LOVES"
Performed by Frankie Laine
Written by Frankie Laine and Carl Fischer
Courtesy of Cares Music

"THE CASTLE BEAT"
Performed by Castlebeat
Written and Produced by L. Joseph
Courtesy of Select Records

"TELL ME ALL YOUR SECRETS"
Performed by Nerissa
Written by J. Young and N. Vitello
Produced by Darrell Lawrence
Re-mixed by David Morales
Courtesy of Select Records

"THIS MAN"
Performed by Bill Kelly and The House of Cards
Written by Bill Kelly
Courtesy of Spinart Productions

"SELFISH"
Performed by Velma Wright
Written by J. Wilson and S. Grant
Produced by J. Wilson and W. Jones
Courtesy of Select Records

"THE BITCH BETTER HAVE MY MONEY"
Performed by AMG
Written by J. Lewis
Produced by AMG
Courtesy of Select Records

"ON THE BORDER"
Performed by Bill Kelly and The House of Cards
Written by Bill Kelly and John Beebe
Courtesy of Spinart Productions

"A GIRL'S GOTTA DO"
Written and Performed by Bonnie Barnard
Courtesy of Bonnie Barnard Music