The Ultimate Football Manager Walkthrough Guide


Normally sold for ┬ú6.95 on this site - http://footballmanagerguide.com/




Explore Football Manager 2011ΓΓÇ₧ó like never before!

Stop navigating blindly through countless confusing game features and your frustration
at seeing inconsistent results ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ now you can learn the game inside and out.

The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide presents you with the biggest and most comprehensive strategy manual ever created for the Football ManagerΓΓÇ₧ó series. Jam-packed with solid, no-nonsense advice, this eBook will lead you through managing your squad on and off the pitch to the stratospheric levels you have only ever dreamed of previously.

ItΓΓé¼Γäós time to throw away the official Football Manager 2011ΓΓÇ₧ó manual which has frustrated you for long enough.
No longer do you have to go through the headache of figuring out the dynamics of each feature.
The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide is the only reference youΓΓé¼Γäóll ever need from this point forward.




The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide is a really good resource for beginners and experienced users alike. It could single-handedly be the veritable encyclopedia of knowledge, collating all of the learnings from the entire community in an easy-to-use resource.
If I were a new user who started playing Football ManagerΓΓÇ₧ó this year, I wouldnΓΓé¼Γäót be disappointed buying this strategy guide.ΓΓé¼┬¥ 
- Gareth Millward, Co-Author of Tactical Theorems ΓΓé¼Γäó10 at FM-Britain





A short word from the authorΓΓé¼ª

ΓΓé¼┼ôI donΓΓé¼Γäót believe this guide needs a ΓΓé¼╦£sales pitchΓΓé¼Γäó, to be honest, but if I had to describe the eBook?

IΓΓé¼Γäód say, The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide is truly a one-of-a-kind strategy manual which will allow anyone to cultivate their knowledge of Football Manager 2011ΓΓÇ₧ó. IΓΓé¼Γäóve written it in a way which is easy-to-digest and relatable to everyone ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ afterall, thereΓΓé¼Γäós absolutely no use telling people something that they need to read twelve times to understand.ΓΓé¼┬¥

ΓΓé¼┼ôFM2011 is a game reaching to be as accurate a simulation as possible; itΓΓé¼Γäós not an arcade game anymore. You can no longer be successful under the old ΓΓé¼╦£click, click, click and play a matchΓΓé¼Γäó mentality; so, if you want to be good at this game and get the benefits from understanding it, you need to grasp the real concept of football management ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ and this is what the eBook aims to provide.

Ultimately, I just hope people enjoy reading it and learn how to enjoy their games like I do.ΓΓé¼┬¥

- Wonderkid, Founder of the Football Manager Fanboys and Los Wonderkids fansites.


ΓΓé¼┼ôThis unofficial guide contains everything which the official manual should. Wonderkid has done well to give familiar users a reference to help refine their knowledge about the game ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ but it also gives new and casual users a foundation to get to grips with what is become a more and more complex game each year something that has hugely been missed officially in the past.ΓΓé¼┬¥ - Thomas Levin, Football Manager blogger at FM Pundit


ΓΓé¼┼ôI have read through the book and loved it. One of the best things about the book though is that it has been organised in a way that you can easily find what your looking for, by looking at the contents for a specific section of just using the search tool. The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide really does what it says, and will be useful to all fans of the game, just like me.ΓΓé¼┬¥ - Daniel Monksfield, Football Manager blogger at Aid The Boss




10 things youΓΓé¼Γäóll find in The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide:


Philosophy of Football Management: How to look beyond the game as a spectator and interpret the puzzle. Understand the real dynamics.

Approaching The Job: A step-by-step to-do list to easily set up and immerse yourself into a new club.
Cover the basics and jump into success.

Footballer Genetics: Understanding current/potential ability, attributes, personality traits and preferred moves. What they mean and how to exploit them.

Tactical Superiority: Designing formations, philosophies, playing styles, roles, duties, positioning & set pieces. Learn to create tactical masterpieces.

Scouting Dynamics: How to build a squad, discover the right talent and assemble the perfect backroom staff. Learn to look beyond the statistics and see the real player.

Training Regime: Getting impactful results from schedules, coaches, tutoring and cultivating a youth squad. Immediately grasp the brand new module for FM2011!!

Match Preparation: Conducting effective pre-match analysis, interpretation & set killer opposition instructions. Discover the real secret to winning games before you kick-off.

Touchline Instructions: Understanding each manager shout for game-changing tactical decisions on the fly. Master the sidelines and command the team.

Player Psychology: Inspire your team to glory with pre/post-match talks and utilizing the assistant manager.
Get inside their heads and get them to perform when you need them to.

Statistical Analysis: Measuring your clubΓΓé¼Γäós performance to tweak management style by reviewing match results. Learn how to find tactical bugs and stop them from occuring.




The Ultimate FM Walkthrough Guide
A Complete Strategy Manual To Master Virtual Football Management

132 pages of tips, hints & in-depth insight on Football Manager 2011ΓΓÇ₧ó

Get It Now For Only -FREE ON THEPIRATEBAY.ORG-




I hope you enjoy this Football Manager guide :)

Please seed so that others can enjoy this remarkable Football Manager content for free!