 http://img17.imageshack.us/img17/2483/kersts.jpg



Christmas episodes from Family Guy, South Park and The Simpsons

Hardcoded Dutch subs



Family Guy:


Seizoen 3 aflevering 16: A Very Special Family Guy Freakin' Christmas
A series of setbacks shakes Lois' faith in the spirit of Christmas.


Seizoen 9 aflevering 7: Road to the North Pole
When Stewie's trip to the mall to see Santa ends on a very bad note, he and Brian decide to go up to the North Pole to teach Santa a lesson in Christmas cheer, "Stewie Griffin" style.





South Park:


Pilot 1: The Spirit Of Christmas Jesus VS Frosty
Pilot 2: The Spirit Of Christmas Jesus VS Santa


Seizoen 1 aflevering 9: Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo
The town is forced to remove anything that either has anything to do with Christmas or is offensive in the least bit to anyone. 
And Kyle tries to convince everyone of the existence of "Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo."


Seizoen 2 aflevering 16: Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!
Stan, Kyle and Kenny go to Nebraska to spend Christmas with Eric's family.
Meanwhile, Charlie Manson escapes from prison with Eric's uncle, and the boys help teach him the true meaning of Christmas.


Seizoen 3 aflevering 15: Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics
Mr. Hankey hosts a collection of Christmas songs sung by South Park characters.

	
Seizoen 6 aflevering 17: Red Sleigh Down
When an attempt to bring Christmas to Iraq turns disastrous, the boys head to Iraq with Jesus and Mr. Hankey to save Santa from terrorists.


Seizoen 7 aflevering 15: It's Christmas in Canada
The boys go to Canada to retrieve Ike, after his birth parents show up in South Park and claim him as their own.


Seizoen 8 aflevering 14: Woodland Critter Christmas
Original Air Date—15 December 2004
Stan helps a group of woodland critters by killing a mountain lion, only to discover that he's helping them give birth to the Antichrist.





The Simpsons:


Seizoen 1 aflevering 1: Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
Christmas seems doomed for the Simpson family when Homer receives no Christmas Bonus. 
Homer becomes a mall Santa Claus, hoping to make money and bring Marge, Bart, Lisa, and baby Maggie, a happy holiday.

	
Seizoen 7 aflevering 11: Marge Be Not Proud
Marge's relationship with Bart is strained when she catches him shoplifting before Christmas.

	
Seizoen 9 aflevering 10: Miracle on Evergreen Terrace
On Christmas Eve, Marge admonishes the family not to open presents until 7 a.m. the next morning. Bart finds a way around the directive and opens his gifts at 5 a.m. However, 
his prized gift - a remote-controlled fire truck - overheats and causes a fire that engulfs the tree and presents. The family investigates and Bart tells them that a burglar has struck. 
As a result of Kent Brockman's human interest story, the entire town donates gifts and cash to the Simpsons for their "misfortune." 
Eventually, Bart admits the truth, angering his clueless family but angering the town even more (when Brockman finds out the truth). 
The family is made into outcasts, and Marge's attempt to win the needed funds on "Jeopardy!" (to pay everybody back) fails miserably. Eventually, the townspeople loot the Simpsons' home ... save for a dust rag.


Seizoen 11 aflevering 9: Grift of the Magi
A toy company purchases Springfield Elementary and uses the student body as a focus group for their new Christmas toy Funzo.


Seizoen 13 aflevering 6: She of Little Faith
Feeling her church cares more about making money then helping people, Lisa drops Christianity for Buddhism.

	
Seizoen 17 aflevering 9: Simpsons Christmas Stories
Homer tells the tale of the first Christmas ever, while Grandpa pursues his decade-old feud with Santa.


Seizoen 18 aflevering 9: Kill Gil, Volumes I & II
The Simpsons let Gil stay with them during Christmas. However, he stays for 11 months because Marge can't tell him "no."



Meer zien? Kijk dan op - http://hetmultimediacafe.nl/index.php

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs