Official Web Site:   http://www.literatureandlatte.com/scrivener.php?show=features

Write, structure, revise

Scrivener puts everything you need for structuring, writing and editing long documents at your fingertips. On the left of the window, the "binder" allows you to navigate between the different parts of your manuscript, your notes, and research materials, with ease. 

Break your text into pieces as small or large as you want - so you can forget wrestling with one long document. Restructuring your draft is as simple as drag and drop. Select a single document to edit a section of your manuscript in isolation, or use “Scrivenings” mode to work on multiple sections as though they were one: Scrivener makes it easy to switch between focussing on the details and stepping back to get a wider view of your composition.

With access to the full power of the OS X text system, you can add tables, bullet points, images and mark up your text with comments and footnotes. Format as you go using the format bar at the top of the page, or use any font you want for the writing and let Scrivener reformat your manuscript after you're done - allowing you to concentrate on the words rather than their presentation.

Your research—always within reach

No more switching between multiple applications to refer to research files: keep all of your background material—images, PDF files, movies, web pages, sound files—right inside Scrivener. 

Unlike other programs that only let you view one document at a time, in Scrivener you can split the editor to view research in one pane while composing your text right alongside it in another. 

Need to refer to multiple research documents? Call up additional material in floating QuickReference panes. Transcribe an interview or conversation, make notes on an image or article, or just refer back to another chapter, all without leaving the document you’re working on.
System Requirements:

System Requirements:

OS X 10.4 (Tiger) or above.
Universal: Universal application for both Intel and PowerPC Macs.


--- PLEASE SEED ---
