 
 
                    The Beatles Cavern club tapes
 
 
 
On 22 August 1962, Manchester-based Granada Television sent a film crew to The Cavern Club to film a few minutes of The Beatles' lunch time stage performance with the potential to be used on a local TV program, Know The North. It has been common opinion that The Beatles were filmed performing "Some Other Guy" (Barrett) (in fact they did two different performances of this same song that day), and were also filmed some alternate shots from different angles while the group played “Money” and "Kansas City/Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey". The sound quality of the film was considered so bad, that on 5 September 1962 Granada sent an audio recording crew back to The Cavern to re-record The Beatles' night-time performance with the intent to dub the recording onto the film from 22 August. At the August session only one microphone was used. At the September session, three microphones were used. Apparently, the entire September session was recorded by Granada sound engineer Gordon J. Butler but apparently the tape no longer exists and only two songs ("Some Other Guy" and "Kansas City/Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey") survive in the form of acetates, today owned by Apple.  All these different versions (two of "Some Other Guy" from August 22, and one more of "Some Other Guy" plus “Kansas City/Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey” this time from September 5) are featured here.
As bonus tracks you’ll find a rehearsal circa October 1962 (even Ringo has confirmed he's drumming during that rehearsal after hearing the tape) where the group can be heard working out their newest song and future classic (“I Saw Her Standing There”), as well as reviving a couple of older compositions (“One After 909” and “Catswalk”).  .  These are the only known recordings made at the Cavern Club in Liverpool.
 
 
                                Tracks: MP3 128 KPS 
1 - Some other guy 1 
2 - Some other guy 2 
3 - Kansas city  
4 - Some other guy 3 
5 - I saw her standing there  
6 - One after 909 1 
7 - One after 909 2 
8 - Catswalk 1 
9 - Catswalk 2
 
 
                  
 
                   