Directed by
Robert Totten	 	
 
Writing credits
Ralph Moody	 	(book "Little Britches")

Calvin Clements Jr.	 	&
Paul Savage	 	

Cast (in credits order) verified as complete

	Steve Forrest	... 	Jim Tanner

	Vera Miles	... 	Kate Tanner

	Ron Howard	... 	Virgil Tanner (as Ronny Howard)

	Clint Howard	... 	Andrew Tanner
	Dub Taylor	... 	Phil

	Jack Elam	... 	Thompson
	Frank DeKova	... 	Two Dog
	Morgan Woodward	... 	Ab Cross
	Woody Chambliss	... 	Dakota (as Woodrow Chambliss)
	Karl Swenson	... 	Jensen
	Mills Watson	... 	Feathers
rest of cast listed alphabetically:

	Rance Howard	... 	Cleve (uncredited)
	Larry D. Mann	... 	The Marshal (uncredited)
	F. Ben Miller	... 	Shelby (uncredited)                                                                        Details
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Release Date:
15 December 1970 (USA) See more »
Also Known As:
The Newcomers See more »
Filming Locations:
Jackson Hole, Wyoming, USA                                                                                 Runtime:
100 min  | West Germany: 87 min
Sound Mix:
Mono (RCA Sound Recording)
Color:
Color (Technicolor)                                                                       At last...the best of Sunday night TV is back! It's the legendary TV show that's been popular with audiences for decades, and the longest running weekly prime-time series in television history. The winner of numerous awards, including seven Emmys, it's THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY! Uprooted from their comfortable home in Pennsylvania, James and Kate Tanner, along with their sons Virgil and Andy (played by real-life brothers Ron and Clint Howard) journey to the wild country of 1890s Wyoming to become farmers. Soon, they come face-to-face with tornadoes, bears and wolves. But through the hardshipss their love for each other endures, even when a local rancher sees the newcomers as "squatters" on his land, and will stop at nothing -- including murder -- to drive them out. THE WILD COUNTRY is a wondrous adventure full of true grit and courage that celebrates fammily togetherness and determination. 