THIS IS THE FIXED TORRENT. I killed the original. Sorry for my screw-up.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
FRINGE- SEASON 1- Fox TV show  H.264 .mp4 (file size = 420MB on average)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I took HD broadcast versions and converted them to H.264 MP4 files using Handbrake with a target size of 420 MB.  The files have a suffix of .mp4   These episodes have video dimensions of 960 x 544 and look great on my 42 inch HDTV.    They can be played on most all iPods, iPhones, iPads, Apple TVs or in iTunes but you may need to change the suffix from .mp4 to .m4v.

Since I converted these I figured why mot save you the trouble and share them.  I haven't watched all the episodes but sampled 20% and found no problems.

As always, feedback is appreciated.  If you see any problems please note them and I'll try to fix.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Season 2 & 3 of Fringe will follow AFTER I see good seeding on this torrent.  PLEASE continue to seed so I can devote my bandwidth to uploading season 2 and then season 3.
   
There are no subtitles or alternate languages.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Season 1, Episode 1: Pilot
Original Air Date—9 September 2008
When a commercial flight from Germany lands at Boston's Logan Airport without a single passenger or crew member on board alive, FBI agent Olivia Dunham is assigned to the investigative team. When her partner and lover John Scott suffers severe chemical burns, she seeks help from Dr. Walter Bishop a one-time university professor who experimented in the same field but has now been institutionalized for 17 years. To get his cooperation however, she has to get Bishop's son Peter's cooperation as well. The information they gather leads to Massive Dynamics a huge multinational founded by someone who once shared laboratory space with Dr. Bishop. Agent Dunham also learns that what happened may have been part of a much larger pattern of strange phenomena.

	
Season 1, Episode 2: The Same Old Story
Original Air Date—16 September 2008
A woman gives birth to a baby which ages 80 years in just a few minutes and Olivia soon finds connection between the incident and a serial killer she had been chasing.

	
Season 1, Episode 3: The Ghost Network
Original Air Date—23 September 2008
Following a strange apparent terrorist attack on a bus, Olivia, Peter and Walter find a man who foresees future disasters before they happen.

	
Season 1, Episode 4: The Arrival
Original Air Date—30 September 2008
A strange cylinder which is somehow connected to Walter and a man known as "the Observer" appears from the ground at a construction site.

	
Season 1, Episode 5: Power Hungry
Original Air Date—14 October 2008
An elevator crashes, killing a number of people, leading Olivia and the Bishops to a man who appears to unknowingly be able to manipulate electricity.

	
Season 1, Episode 6: The Cure
Original Air Date—21 October 2008
A number of people in a diner die of radiation exposure and Olivia and the Bishops believe a woman who disappeared two weeks earlier was the source.


Season 1, Episode 7: In Which We Meet Mr. Jones
Original Air Date—11 November 2008
An FBI agent experiencing huge pain is brought to a hospital where it is discovered that there is a strange parasite wrapped around his heart.

Season 1, Episode 8: The Equation
Original Air Date—18 November 2008
A young musical genius is kidnapped and Walter recalls a patient at St Clair's who might have been kidnapped by the same people and forced to try and figure out the solution to an equation.

	
Season 1, Episode 9: The Dreamscape
Original Air Date—25 November 2008
An employee of Massive Dynamics covered in mysterious cuts jumps out a window believing himself to be attacked by a swarm of butterflies. Meanwhile, Olivia becomes fed up with her visions of John Scott and decides to go back into the sensory deprivation tank to get rid of them.

	
Season 1, Episode 10: Safe
Original Air Date—2 December 2008
After a series of mysterious bank robberies, a suspect is found embedded into a wall, causing Walter to realize that they have not only found a way to literally walk through walls, but are looking for something he's made in the past.

Season 1, Episode 11: Bound
Original Air Date—20 January 2009
Olivia has been abducted and Broyles hands over the investigation to Mitchell Loeb, one of the kidnappers.

	
Season 1, Episode 12: The No-Brainer
Original Air Date—27 January 2009
Two mens' brains are liquefied and their only apparent connection is that they both downloaded a huge file before dying.

	
Season 1, Episode 13: The Transformation
Original Air Date—3 February 2009
A man undergoes a painful and ultimately fatal transformation aboard a plane. Meanwhile, Nina Sharp and Broyles reveal more information about John Scott to Olivia.

	
Season 1, Episode 14: Ability
Original Air Date—10 February 2009
The team investigates a number of people who died faceless after their orifices are sealed while German agents investigating David Robert Jones' escape question Olivia.

	
Season 1, Episode 15: Inner Child
Original Air Date—7 April 2009
A mysterious child is recovered from a secret chamber that has been sealed for more than a half-century.

Season 1, Episode 16: Unleashed
Original Air Date—14 April 2009
A group of animal rights activists killed in action when trying to flee from a lab animal which doesn't exist in nature.

Season 1, Episode 17: Bad Dreams
Original Air Date—21 April 2009
FBI agent Dunham believes that she is killing random people in her dreams.

Season 1, Episode 18: Midnight
Original Air Date—28 April 2009
When a second victim is discovered with injuries to the back of the neck, Fringe division is called in to investigate. Walter does an autopsy and discovers that the injury was inflicted by a human bite; the wound is infected by a rare genetically modified syphilis virus and all the spinal fluid has been drained. Tracing users of the virus leads the team to a scientist with connections to ZFT. His story leads the team to find more victims and a desperate race against time to track down a killer with a dangerous addiction to human spinal fluid.

Season 1, Episode 19: The Road Not Taken
Original Air Date—5 May 2009
When a woman bursts into flames and explodes, Olivia and Peter start to look into it, and Olivia starts seeing things -- which Walter explains as possibly her seeing an alternate reality. The investigation leads back to the experiment Olivia was part of as a child, and points to a high member of the FBI as well as links to Massive Dynamics. Meanwhile Nina comes to Broyles with her concern that the watcher has been sighted again, and frequently.

Season 1, Episode 20: There's More Than One of Everything
Original Air Date—12 May 2009
David Robert Jones comes out of hiding following an attempt on Nina Sharp's life while Walter leaves accompanied by the mysterious Observer.