The greatest hits package released in 1980 after the breakup. Contains tracks from "Never Mind the Bollocks" and the soundtrack to "The Great Rock 'N' Roll Swindle".  Not really essential for that EXCEPT that it contains two tracks not found on either album.  These are "No Fun" and "Did You No Wrong."  That alone is worth the price of admission.

  

Track Listing


   1. "Anarchy in the U.K." (Rotten, Jones, Matlock, Cook) – 3:33
   2. "I Wanna Be Me" (Rotten, Jones, Matlock, Cook) – 3:06
   3. "God Save the Queen" (Rotten, Jones, Matlock, Cook) – 3:21
   4. "Did You No Wrong" (Rotten, Jones, Matlock, Cook, W. Nightingale) – 3:14
   5. "Pretty Vacant" (Rotten, Jones, Matlock, Cook) – 3:18
   6. "No Fun" (Iggy Pop, Ron Asheton, Scott Asheton, David Alexander) – 6:26
   7. "Holidays in the Sun" (Rotten, Jones, Sid Vicious, Cook) – 3:21
   8. "No One Is Innocent" (Jones, Cook, Ronnie Biggs) – 3:03
   9. "My Way" (Paul Anka, Claude François, Jacques Revaux) – 4:05
  10. "Something Else" (Eddie Cochran, Sharon Sheeley) – 2:12
  11. "Silly Thing" (Jones, Cook) – 2:53
  12. "C'mon Everybody" (Cochran, Jerry Capehart) – 1:57
  13. "(I'm Not Your) Steppin' Stone" (Tommy Boyce, Bobby Hart) – 3:09
  14. "Great Rock 'N' Roll Swindle" (Jones, Cook, Julien Temple) – 4:24


Review from Allmusic.com


Review

by Steve Huey

Flogging a Dead Horse collects the A- and B-sides of the Sex Pistols' seven British singles. It's not really the best way to hear those singles, though -- there was a sharp decline in the quality and relevance of the Pistols' material when Johnny Rotten left the band, and some of the later goofiness dilutes the impact of early songs like "God Save the Queen" and "Anarchy in the U.K." It is a useful compilation in that two songs -- "Did You No Wrong" and "No Fun" -- are unavailable on both Never Mind the Bollocks and The Great Rock & Roll Swindle, and it is perfect for fans who don't want to sift through the latter and will be content with a brief overview. Still, Dead Horse doesn't match Never Mind the Bollocks (still the necessary purchase) for start-to-finish venom, and as inconsistent as Swindle is, it can be quite entertaining. So, Flogging a Dead Horse is not the best compilation, but it will do in some cases.

   





















Review

by Steve Huey

Flogging a Dead Horse collects the A- and B-sides of the Sex Pistols' seven British singles. It's not really the best way to hear those singles, though -- there was a sharp decline in the quality and relevance of the Pistols' material when Johnny Rotten left the band, and some of the later goofiness dilutes the impact of early songs like "God Save the Queen" and "Anarchy in the U.K." It is a useful compilation in that two songs -- "Did You No Wrong" and "No Fun" -- are unavailable on both Never Mind the Bollocks and The Great Rock & Roll Swindle, and it is perfect for fans who don't want to sift through the latter and will be content with a brief overview. Still, Dead Horse doesn't match Never Mind the Bollocks (still the necessary purchase) for start-to-finish venom, and as inconsistent as Swindle is, it can be quite entertaining. So, Flogging a Dead Horse is not the best compilation, but it will do in some cases.



