 http://itunes.apple.com/in/app/battlefield-bad-company-2/id405609010?mt=8
 
http://apptrackr.org/?act=viewapp&appid=405609010

Description
OUR BIGGEST, BADDEST FPS. FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE APP STORE. Based on the bestselling console game from DICE, let the battle rage in the jungle, snow, and desert, in close-quarter combat, and in the air. Utilize intuitive controls as you destroy enemies with tanks and choppers in state-of the-art vehicular combat. Go all-out in full online multiplayer mode, and get a modern-warfare simulation for iPhone® & iPod touch® that’s second to none.

ENTER THE MODERN BATTLEFIELD
Your iPhone or iPod touch becomes the staging ground for the total Battlefield: BC2 experience. Track 14 single-player missions across 5 intensely detailed battle zones. Capture emplacements in jungle heat, arctic snow, and desert dust. Feel the adrenaline-pumping intensity of close-quarter combat and also unleash devastation from the air. It’s good to be Bad.

MOBILIZE WITH HARDCORE FIREPOWER
Wreak havoc on enemy forces with a plethora of powerful weapons and vehicles. Access an arsenal of up to 14 weapons – from a simple knife to a rocket-propelled grenade. Also drive the action with multiple vehicle types, including a tank and helicopter.

ENGAGE ENEMIES WITH 3 DISTINCT CONTROL SETUPS
Access 3 different controls systems. Use gesture controls with no control buttons visible on screen, or add the virtual fire button, or choose to have both fire button and analog stick. Select the system that suits your preferred fighting style!

ESCALATE WITH FULL-ON MULTIPLAYER
Initiate combat with 6-player action across dedicated maps. Engage in 2-6 player Free for Alls and Squad Deathmatches. The game supports OTA, WiFi, 3G, and BT Multiplayer. Push invitations to friends to join you in online battles.

What's new in Version 1.0.1
** UPDATE NOW AND ESCALATE THE MULTIPLAYER INTENSITY! ** Get into multiplayer matches quicker and easier, and battle with up to 10 players! You may be unable to access online play without installing the update, so download NOW.

The action keeps getting better! In response to your feedback, improvements and optimizations include an enhanced online-multiplayer lobby and increased players-per-game. Choose from available matches and mobilize for combat faster than ever with more of your friends!

Thanks for playing Battlefield: Bad Company 2 and making it a breakout hit on the App Store!

Please share....Dont hit and run...SEEEED it back at least once.

Of course, if you want to seed it back more than once, that would be ok too :)