Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:   
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:             
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:             
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and three photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qgmswir8zezw5qvi7kusbi657l    cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1vmajfwqbw7pvrt4vd9myu7qeu    face and breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0p0tk1kz2tg2ps8z8s5ersjepo    kneeling 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6kxqzb53mbi2n3govxpngmhhr8o   standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?97cl4g1teetm1n5321oxzzwblm5   vagina, cameltoe 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?q2oliziapd4olhcauswsk9xr2plm  vagina, clit piercing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?p7myjdphd227ee6v2hgtyew2puy   vagina lip spreading/anus 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?h5lrymd2g1xmb6wazifvifht27u1  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ccweo6jkkxmqt84od5mi1g2zxre   face and breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vu7bqlv5jvofhe8ohw2mikmyll    vid 1 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vbzpbtwmjgmek599jqnre4mgq5c   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?v3ju6b0nctzxly77dpcom7kywfub  vid 2 screenshots 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?2fl05mssbu8qo8ipjdp2p47oyix   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: so that you know i took a big leap doing what i did here.  ive never done porn and the only thing i did was do exotic dancing four years ago.  i was very nervous about it and risi assured me that im not going to be taken advantage of.  risi's the reason why i did this shoot we both danced together at a strip club four years ago.  im coming from new jersey where ive lived all of my life and ive never really traveled to the west side of the country.  so i met the photographer and he was genuinely nice and i had a good bedroom to stay in.  we were up late and went to a car thing and met a few of his friends.  thats where i flashed my breasts and started my porn experience.  they were really amazed by my breasts and i forget that they are big to them since im so used to them.  morning came and i was nervous about the day so i didnt sleep too well even though the bedroom was really clean and comfortable.   we had breakfast but i was too nervous and didnt want to eat just yet.  i came to like the photos we took around the area and i put a few in my portfolio but i cant tell people its ftv because i have to keep this shoot a secret from most of my friends and family.  it just wouldnt work out if they knew.  i've been in the process of moving so i didnt bring as many clothes as the photographer wanted and i didnt bring toys either.  i like my rabbit toy and i also have a pocket rocket.  i probably masturbate more than i have sex and i havent had sex in two months.  but i did masturbate the night before i flew down.  id say my favorite toy i used was the little bullet and the other one that made me squirt.  i know its not because im 4-11 that im super tight because i have petite friends that have boyfriends with huge penises but im so tight that sometimes even average guys and me both get sore quick because im so small down there.  ive been told that even when they are halfway in me they hit my cervix and cant go any further so i must be only 4 or 5 inches deep.  i will absolutely not have sex with any guy that has a large penis. 

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Sierra arrives from New Jersey, and stays the night to shoot all day the next day.   She submitted these photos: #1 #2 #3 #4.  They must've been older photos, because her hair color has changed, and what shocked me (for the better) was how big her breasts are in comparison to those photos?  Maybe it was how they were shot, because I expected B/C cups, not double D's.  With her being so small it makes her breasts look even bigger.  And yes, of course they are real, and near-perfect in my opinion.  So the shoot had a lot of breast flashing, massage, and breast play of every kind.    The first video is a random outtake of the night before, where I brought her with me to a car show, and did a low light shoot of her -- consider it the teaser.  In the morning we went to some public locations, found a really cool water structure and had her get wet in it.  Though pretty dark for photography.  She then masturbates, and has several strong orgasms, with the bullet doing the best job on her clit.  The orgasmic contractions are frequent, and not always when you expect them.  She tries the Eroscillator toy as well, and ends up squirting with an orgasm at the same time.  Like she said, she is very tight, and just notice how hard it is (even with lube and her wet inside from the orgasm) to put that average-sized rabbit inside her.  It must feel really good as a guy to have sex with her... though maybe not for her haha.  She has that clit piercing, and very pretty private parts, so there is an extensive extreme closeup shoot after the orgasms.


Model Comments: (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  A lucky member go to watch a part of the shoot (thanks to his letting me use part of his house for shooting).  You never actually see him, but he watched the breast massage and masturbation videos.  The white dress (which really is a shirt, but she's so small that it becomes a dress for her) is my favorite of what she brought with her.  It matches her hair color, gives a look of innocence -- but at the same time really shows off that natural firm cleavage.  It leads to some extreme closeup fingering, with the juicy sounds inside.  With all the glass tables and windows, those breasts are a must-see when squeezed against the glass!  Man they look huge.  Notice how shy/timid she still is throughout the shoot, it took a lot to bring out her personality, make her smile, and let her be herself.  Then she masturbates, and ends up squirting just a bit around 2 minutes on clip3.  She tried the vibraking, and the pink vibrator, but they didn't work for her (some of it was her nerves) and they are the outtake videos 1 & 2.  Once again, her vagina responds rather strongly to the clitoral stimulation (and her butthole winks a lot too).  She then takes the largest thing that was usable for her, the glass toy, ball-end first.  As she penetrates herself, notice it allows for a quick 'crystal ball view' of her vagina being 'opened up' on the inside.  She was a stripper in her past, so I wanted her to dance but once again she was very timid about it.  Still though, got some video out of it, bringing some moves to the picture.  Some extra 'tease' with funky breast angles while playing pool for a finish.   She's an FTV-only girl, doing her first time experience, in a shy, but sexy way :)

--

EalDEaadB