Farming.Simulator.2011.ENGLISH-NoGrp 

DEVELOPER..........Astragon 
HOMEPAGE...........www~astragon.de
 

Now it's possible to breed cattle completing a variety of tasks such as feeding the cows or spreading the dung and 
liquid manure on the fields. By selling the produced milk to the local dairy you earn additional money for your farm. 

Another big improvement is the multiplayer mode by which you can manage your farm together with friends over the 
Internet or local network. 

In the improved career mode you take on the role of a young farmer and experience the workaday life in the countryside 
in a completely adapted and freely accessible farmer's world. Through several activities such as plowing fields, 
seeding and baling you build up financial resources allowing you to buy better equipment. Visit the local agricultural 
machinery store to buy new vehicles and equipment or to sell your old machines. 

Choose from many elaborate tractors, combine harvesters and a lot of machines such as plows, seeders, balers and a 
self-loading wagon. Thanks to the licensing of machinery from leading manufacturers like DEUTZ-FAHR, KRONE, HORSCH, 
PÖTTINGER and VOGEL & NOOT you are able to control authentic farming equipment. 

And if this variety of machinery still does not meet your needs, you can download plenty of vehicles, equipment and 
other modifications from the Internet. Because of the improved mod system you are able to install the new content 
easily and automatically. 

FEATURES: 

* Career mode with business section and cattle breeding 
* Animals in game 
* Multiplayer mode for playing together with friends over Internet/LAN 
* Large new vehicle fleet with authentic agricultural machines by DEUTZ-FAHR, KRONE, HORSCH, PÖTTINGER and VOGEL & NOOT 
* Lots of sophisticated equipment 
* Computer controlled helpers 
* Download of additional machines and maps with automatic mod installation, includes Mod SDK (contains Editor, 

Exporters and Sample Mods) 
* Gamepad and steering wheel support 

Install instructions: 

1. Extract the rar with Winrar 
2. Run the setup 
3. Copy the DataS.gar from Eng fix map to game directory!! or it will be german 
4. start game use the cd-key in crack folder
5. Play have fun
