Marcus Miller – The international jazz superstar whose work has defined and redefined the sound of modern jazz - from his groundbreaking production and multi-instrumental work in the 80’s with Miles Davis on TUTU, to his 2001 Grammy winning best seller M2.
Michel Petrucciani – The legendary pianist who touched the world with his very small body and his tremendous sound and aura. He’s made dozens of classic recordings solo and with the likes of Wayne Shorter, Stephane Grappelli, Roy Haynes, and Steve Gadd.
Kenny Garrett – The Miles Davis alum who went on to become one of the best loved and best selling saxists of our time.
Bireli Lagrene – The prodigy who stunned the world as a pre-teen his brilliant Django Reinhardt-inspired gypsy guitar playing and then later with his boundary pushing fusion work with Jaco Pastorious. Lenny White – A drummer with so many classic credits, from Miles Davis’ "Bitches Brew, Chick Corea’s "Return To Forever" recordings, "Jaco Pastorius," as well as modern masterpieces by Marcus Miller, Rachael Z and Michel Petrucciani.

On July 7th 1994, Michel Petrucciani hosted the second ever "Dreyfus Night" – a special concert in Paris meant to showcase the wonderful array of musicians associated with Francis Dreyfus and his new label. The night before the "Dreyfus Night," Francis Dreyfus attended a concert of Marcus Miller with Kenny Garrett. The two enthusiastically welcomed Francis’ invitation to his special concert, and this historical quintet was born. The line-up was never to be repeated – this was truly a once in a lifetime meeting of some of the most important figures in recent jazz history: Marcus Miller, Michel Petrucciani, Kenny Garrett, Bireli Lagrene, and Lenny White. Together they shocked and delighted a very lucky Parisian audience with a crackling set of funky jazz – a "Massey Hall" for the modern era!
Personnel: Marcus Miller - Bass & Bass Clarinet / Michel Petrucciani - Piano / Kenny Garrett - Soprano Sax / Biréli Lagrène - Guitar / Lenny White - Drums



1. Tutu 16:36
2. The King Is Gone 17:19
3. Looking Up 16:31