CyberPower Video Switch v2.5.1 
http://www.freemp3wmaconverter.com/screenshots/cyberpowervideoswitch/sshot3.png
CyberPower Video Switch is a piece of extremely powerful and full-featured video converter that can convert videos among different formats like MPEG, WMV, AVI, MP4, FLV, 3GP, MOV and many others with high speed and excellent quality. By taking advantage of this easy video format converter, you can enjoy your favorite videos and music freely on any portable player like iPhone, iPod, iPad, Apple TV, PSP, etc. It also allows you to convert video to HD format and lets you experience unparalleled High-Definition movie.
	
Video Conversion for Various Uses

CyberPower Video Switch allows you to convert video files with a great deal of popular video formats to MPEG, WMV, AVI and other popular formats as common standard definition videos (MP4, FLV, 3GP, ASF, MOV, etc.) and high definition videos ( MTS, M2TS, HD AVI, etc.) with perfect output quality. It also supports a variety of multimedia devices such as iPod, iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, PSP for mobile entertainment.

Video to Audio Conversion

CyberPower Video Switch is an all-round video converter helps you convert video to audio without hassle. Converting multifarious video files to audio formats such as MP3, WMA, WAV, AAC, OGG and so on or extracting audio from a video is can all be done in a matter of clicks. Enjoy sweetening songs on your MP3 player is no longer a problem!
Optimized Output Settings...
Website:  http://www.freemp3wmaconverter.com/cyberpowervideoswitch/index.html

CyberPower Disc Creator v3.1.2.1 
http://www.freemp3wmaconverter.com/screenshots/cyberpowerdisccreator/sshot4.png

CyberPower Disc Creator is a comprehensive all-in-one CD DVD burner software that enables you to create, share and store all of your digital content on discs. This new disc burner software supports all current optical disc formats from legacy Audio CD to brand-new Blu-Ray and HD-DVD disks. Of course, you can burn a data CD, a single or double-layer video DVD or data disk just as easily!

Data CD/DVD Burner

CyberPower Disc Creator is a reliable data CD/DVD burner. It includes a powerful feature that can burn files and folders onto CD-R, DVD-R, DVD+R, CD-RW, DVD-RW, DVD+RW, HD DVD and Blu-ray discs with ease. Depending on the feature set of the software, this CD DVD burner supports the creation of data CD/DVD so that you can backup your important data.

Video CD/DVD Burner

CyberPower Disc Creator is an integrated and professional video DVD burner program that helps you burn prepared DVD videos & folders from your PC to a DVD disk, which can be played on all home DVD players. It supports all popular video formats, AVI, MPG, MPEG, MP4, WMV, MOV, MP4, DAT, and HD videos such as M2TS, TP, TRP, etc.
	
Audio CD Burner & Ripper

Want to burn your favorite songs to CDs so you can listen to them on CD player. CyberPower Disc Creator is such a CD-burning application that converts audio files to audio CD on the fly with lossless quality. Also it is a good CD ripper tool to extract soundtracks from audio CD to make your own music files.

ISO Burner, ISO Ripper & ISO Creator

CyberPower Disc Creator provides multifunctional ISO tools to you. This software has the ability to create your own ISO images from files and folders on your disk. It also allows you to quickly burn ISO image file to your CD/DVD disc or rip multimedia, game or data disc to an ISO image for special use.

Disc Eraser & Device Info

Got any personal or confidential discs lying around? Shred them or break them? Now, CyberPower Disc Creator provides a disc eraser tool to help you erase used discs for recycling, without creating plastic trash. Fast and full erasing modes are available. Also there is a tool that displays the detailed information & capacity of the disc drive.
Website:  http://www.freemp3wmaconverter.com/cyberpowerdisccreator/index.html

CyberPower Audio Editing Lab v15.1.2 
http://www.freemp3wmaconverter.com/screenshots/cyberpoweraudioeditinglab/sshot2.png

CyberPower Audio Editing Lab gives all you need. Are you a novice or an advanced user? This audio editor would certainly be the right for you to start the editing and creating your masterpiece. It records sound, edit it and burn it to an audio CD. For artistic music creation and simple sound editing need, this tool is easy yet powerful enough.	

Audio Recording

CyberPower Audio Editing Lab can digitize sound recordings of music cassette tapes, vinyl LPs, or videos so they can be recorded onto CD. With the Sound Recorder you can digitize recordings to your computer's hard disk, creating standard digital sound files. Timer and input level triggered recording included.

• Relax and record with TimerRecord

The timer record feature allows you to start and stop recording after a certain period of time or depending on the presence of an input signal. You can choose to start the recording immediately (after clicking the Start Timer Record button), at a certain time and date or when an input signal is present. The recording can also be stopped automatically, either after a certain period of silence or after a certain period of time.

• Powerful "Recording without silence" feature

The recording dialog in CyberPower Audio Editing Lab also offers some advanced settings: Recording without silence: If signal is below the Attack Level for more than Attack Time, beginning of that spot in the audio will be considered beginning of silence. If signal is above the Release Level for more than Release Time, beginning of that spot in the audio will be considered end of silence.

• Smart audio input control

Hear what you are recording! Use the "Smart audio input control" you can easily check that the input level is in the correct range. You can adjust the input level using the input level slider. The input level meter shows the current input level. If you have connected your audio equipment and started playback, the meter should show a constantly changing input level. If the level is low and not changing, there is probably something wrong with the connection or the wrong input line is selected. You can usually choose between several different input lines, like microphone or line in. 
website:  http://www.freemp3wmaconverter.com/cyberpoweraudioeditinglab/index.html

Compatibility: Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7

Installation Info:
1) run each setup 
2)when asked click activate and use the serial for the setup u installed
3)the audio edit registers slightly different
install then on top left area Tab click on TOOLS then down to REGISTER and
enter any name u like and then use the serial given
4)Enjoy from Slickinator


	
