Compton Mackenzie - The Monarch of The Glen (Unabridged) - Read by David Rintoul

Source CD
Duration approx 10:14 hours 
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps CBR 
44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


The book

Chester Royde, an American millionaire, travels to Scotland with his new bride Carrie and sister Myrtle, to find out more about Carrie's Scottish ancestry. Their new 'relatives' turn out to be a little more authentically Scottish than they bargained for. Ben Nevis, Laird of Glenbogle Castle, is fiercely protective of his lands and the Macdonald clan spirit, but being cash-strapped he's not above attempts to marry heiress Myrtle to one of his many brawny sons. However, Ben Nevis is distracted when a group of hikers stumble on his moor and spoil a days hunting...sparking all-out war between gentry and commoners.


The author

Compton Mackenzie was born in West Hartlepool in 1883, and educated at St Paul's School and Magdalen College, Oxford. During the First World War he rose to the rank of Captain, and became Director of the Aegean Intelligence Service. He wrote more than ninety books - novels, history and biography, essays and criticism, children's stories and verse, and earned the reputation of being one of the outstanding broadcasters of his time.

Two of Compton Mackenzie's favourite pastimes were gramophones and Siamese cats - he founded and edited the magazine The Gramophone, and was President of the Siamese Cat Club. He lived for many years on the Island of Barra in the Outer Hebrides, and later made his home in Edinburgh. He was knighted in 1952. Compton Mackenzie died in 1972.


The reader

David Rintoul (born David Wilson, 29 November 1948) is a stage and television actor.

Rintoul was born in Aberdeen, Scotland. He studied at Edinburgh University and won a scholarship to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. Rintoul is married to actress Vivien Heilbron. A friend and Edinburgh University classmate of Ian Charleson, Rintoul contributed a chapter to the 1990 book, For Ian Charleson: A Tribute.

David Rintoul has worked extensively in theatre with companies including the Royal National Theatre and Royal Shakespeare Company. His appearances have included Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, Henry IV, As You Like It, and the title role in Macbeth. Other stage appearances include George Bernard Shaw's Candida and Funny Girl. In 2010 he plays Charles Dickens in Andersen's English, the new play by Sebastian Barry.


Enjoy and Seed!!