What is eyeQ?
Brain Enhancement? Reading Improvement? Vision Therapy?
When asked, “what is the eyeQ program?” some people respond, “brain enhancement”, others “reading improvement”, and some will even say “vision therapy or eye training”. The answers are: yes, yes, and yes!

The eyeQ program was developed in Japan over the past 30 years by Dr. Akihiro Kawamura. Through extensive research and testing, he found that we can significantly increase our brain’s learning and processing ability through a series of high-speed imaging exercises which utilize both graphics and text.

Dr. Kawamura also found that our brains can be stimulated and improved by using techniques that push us out of our comfort zone. The eye training in each session strengthens the eyes and increases peripheral vision, allowing us to take in more material at once. The imaging engages more of the right side of the brain, which is the side associated with creativity. The high-speed imaging stimulates the neuro-pathways, strengthening the eye-brain connection and improving our thinking and reaction time.

EyeQ exercises the brain, which improves mental processing much like physical exercise helps athletes improve their performance on the court or field. With consistent exercise and weight lifting, an athlete becomes physically stronger. Similarly, eyeQ helps people exercise their brain, enhancing all mental activities. As with an athlete, these skills diminish without practice, but never totally go away. Periodically doing a simple eyeQ session will keep you mentally fit and help you retain your enhanced processing skills.

BRAIN ENHANCEMENT
An independent functional MRI (fMRI) study of the brain reveals the power of eyeQ. The high-speed imaging in the eyeQ program awakens right side of our brain, increasing brain activity by as much as 1500% in as little as 7 minutes!

READING IMPROVEMENT
Dr. Kawamura found that the easiest way to measure the power of eyeQ is through reading speed and reading comprehension. In less than a month, reading speed and processing speed will generally increase by 100%. For many, it will even triple or quadruple! This doesn’t mean skimming every page either. With eyeQ you will be reading at a remarkable speed and will likely experience increased comprehension, typing speed, memory, and recall abilities.

Regarding reading skills, Dr. Kawamura’s research over the past thirty years in Japan mirrors the scientific research done here in America. Their collective research reveals that skilled readers display three major differences over novice or poor readers.

A. The 1st difference is Fixation Time -- how long we look at a word before moving to the next word.

B. The 2nd difference is Fixation Span -- how many letters our brain can process at a time.

C. The 3rd difference is Regression -- how often we look back and reread what we just read.

VISION THERAPY or EYE TRAINING
The eyeQ program was developed to engage more of the brain when reading or learning. The eyeQ training strengthens the eye-brain connection, enabling users to see and process information faster while improving the eye’s ability to track efficiently. The eye exercises strengthen all six sets of eye muscles and generally increase peripheral vision, which is why athletes love eyeQ! Athletes not only improve their vision but also their reaction time. Near sighted users generally see an improvement in their vision and may need to have their eye glasses adjusted.

EyeQ is an effective tool for:

Brain Enhancement, Reading Improvement, and Vision Therapy or Eye Training
The seven-minute imaging exercises and the two-point training in the eyeQ program are simple, yet the results are profound! We challenge you to find a more effective, affordable, and easy to use program in raising standardized test scores in all subjects.

Practicing eyeQ for just a few minutes every other day will provide you with a life changing experience.

We challenge you to put eyeQ to the test. Experience the power of eyeQ today!



For more information, go to the following page: 
https://www.eyeqadvantage.com/