Driver Genius Professional 11.0.0.1112 Final

Driver Genius Professional is a professional driver management tool features both driver management and hardware diagnostics. Driver Genius provides such practical functions as driver backup, restoration, update and removal for computer users. If you often reinstall your operating system, you may not forget such painful experiences of searching all around for all kinds of drivers. If unfortunately you have lost your driver CD, the search will be more troublesome and time-consuming. Now with the driver backup function of Driver Genius, you can backup all drivers in your computer before reinstalling, and restore them with the driver restoration function after system reinstallation has been completed. This will dramatically save your time for driver installation during the system installation procedure, and you will no longer worry about where to find a driver. Besides, you can create an automatic installation package for all drivers in your system by Driver Genius. After you have reinstalled your operating system, you can restore all your drivers in just a click by this automatic restoration program. It’s really convenient.

Driver Genius can automatically find driver for a device that the system can’t find a driver for it. It can recognize the name and vendor’s information of the device, and directly provide download URL for the required driver. Driver Genius also supports online updates for drivers of existing hardware devices. There are recent drivers for such hardware devices as motherboards, video cards, sound cards, network cards, modems, monitors, mice, keyboards, digital cameras, video capture cards, etc. on Driver Genius web site. Besides, there are daily updates for many drivers on our site. Our customers can obtain information for latest drivers by Driver Genius’s LiveUpdate program, which can synchronize to the database on our site.

Driver Genius Professional Features
 1. Find latest driver for your computer. One click to update all drivers.
 2. Automatically check for driver updates, make your drivers are always up-to-date.
 3. Quickly backs up drivers installed in the system. Free to backup all drivers now!
 4. Package all drivers to an executable auto installer. One click to restore all drivers.
 5. Remove invalid or useless drivers, improve system performance and stability.
 6. New system information tool. Detailed hardware inventory. 

Operating System: Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/XP x64/Server 2003 x64/Vista x64/Windows 7/Windows 7 x64/Windows Server 2008/Windows server 2008 x64/Windows 8/Windows 8 x64

Changes in Driver Genius Professional Edition 11.0.0.1112- Dec 14, 2011:
New feature:
 1. Added Windows Server 2008 R2 (32bit & 64bit)/Windows 8 (32bit & 64bit) support. Driver Genius is the first driver manage program that can support Windows Server 2008 R2 (32bit & 64bit)/Windows 8 (32bit & 64bit). Users can manage and download drivers for the two new beta version Windows systems.
 2. New hardware detect function offers detailed hardware information. The new hardware Info is capable of getting in touch with all pieces of hardware to provide detailed information about each one now. hardware Info can display almost all your computer hardware specification such as CPU , Motherboard, Memory, Bus, Video Adapter, Monitor, Drives (Floppy, hard disk, CD/DVD Rom), Audio, Network, Port (Serial, parallel, USB), also information about your laptop’s battery. hardware Info also has another additional feature, that is access to computer censor to show the current Voltage and Core temperature of CPU and battery.
 3. Support Export/Import user settings and driver updates, restore program configuration quickly after reinstalling system. Users can export/ import the downloaded driver updates to/from a file. Driver Genius can import the update data to install new drivers again or continue downloading them after reinstalling the program.
Improvements:
 1. Support more than 60,000 hardware devices. New Driver Genius can support more than 60,000 devices , nearly includs all hardware devices of the world. A suitable driver can improve hardware performance by 30% or more , especially for video card and motherboard chipset.
 2. Optimized program loading speed. Accelerate Driver Genius loading speed. With Driver Genius 11, you’ll reduce program loading times by up to 50%!
 3. Optimized driver scanning speed. Improved program algorithm. With Driver Genius 11, you’ll reduce driver scanning times by up to 30%!
Bug Fixes:
 1. Fixed download the driver again after downloading a driver completely.
 2. Fixed some drivers can’t be installed automatically.
 3. Fixed can’t load the download driver list.

Read the ReadMe file and enjoy!!! Plese seed after downloading, so others can also enjoy this upload!