[url=http://www.freeimagehosting.net/][img]http://www.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/689d313b75.jpg[/img][/url]

Episode 1 "My Bad" Steve Shill Chip Johannessen September 26, 2010 (2010-09-26)

In the aftermath of last season's chilling finale, Rita's death has left Dexter feeling responsible, possibly even...guilty. Unable to deal with the trauma, Dexter makes a drastic decision that will impact everyone around him. Quinn stirs up trouble at the station when he notes that Rita's murder, which is being pinned on the Trinity Killer, doesn't fit his normal murder profile. Things get even more heated when Quinn suggests to LaGuerta that they look at Rita's husband: Dexter Morgan. Meanwhile, Quinn offers Debra much needed support, causing her to see Quinn in a new light.

Episode 2
"Hello, Bandit" John Dahl Scott Buck October 3, 2010 (2010-10-03)

In his new role as single father, an anxious Dexter tries to get his family's routine back on track, to begin the process of moving on from Rita's death. Dexter attempts to focus all his attention on the kids while curbing his dark urges. But when evidence of foul play falls into his lap, Dexter makes a horrific discovery, setting him on the trail of his next victim. Debra, trying to be the good sister, shares her apartment with Dexter and the kids only to find there's no room for her. Miami Metro has their work cut out when a grisly scene is found in a Venezuelan neighborhood.

Episode 3 "Practically Perfect" Ernest Dickerson Manny Coto October 10, 2010 (2010-10-10)

Dexter finds himself in a strange new world when he attempts to hire a nanny for Harrison so he can continue to stalk and kill Boyd Fowler. Meanwhile, Debra, who takes the lead on a bizarre double homicide, is displeased when Batista suggests bringing in an annoying rookie officer who has her own theories on the case. Things heat up for Dexter when Quinn notices strange similarities between Trinity Killer suspect 'Kyle Butler' and Dexter Morgan.

Episode 4 "Beauty and the Beast
" Milan Cheylov Jim Leonard October 17, 2010 (2010-10-17)

Dexter finds himself in a strange situation when, instead of taking a life, he has to save one. Deb has a scary confrontation with a key suspect in the Santa Muerte murder cases. Quinn continues following up on the strange similarities between 'Kyle Butler' and Dexter Morgan.

Episode 5 "First Blood" Romeo Tirone Tim Schlattmann October 24, 2010 (2010-10-24)

When Dexter is saddled with an unwanted conspirator, he is forced to make some hard decisions about her fate. Meanwhile, Dexter wonders if Rita's death has awakened a darkness inside Harrison. Due to Quinn's recent suspension, Debra works the Santa Muerte case alone, leaving Quinn time to enlist an old friend to look into Dexter. 

Episode 6 "Everything Is Illumenated" Steve Shill Wendy West October 31, 2010 (2010-10-31)

Striving to bring some normalcy back into his shattered life, Dexter figures the answer lies in finding a new serial killer to bring down, but his quest gets thrown off course when his troubled new acquaintance requires his help. Meanwhile, Batista uncovers a revealing new lead in the Santa Muerte homicides, and Quinn gets a tip about Dexter, but is not sure he can trust his source.

Episode 7	"Circle Us"	John Dahl	Scott Buck	November 7, 2010

By aiding Lumen, Dexter puts himself on a collision course with Debra and the homicide division, and things get worse when he's brought in to work a horrific crime scene; and Debra's investigation into the Santa Muerte killings leads her into a deadly confrontation with the killers. Meanwhile, Quinn begins to question his accomplice in his investigation of Dexter.

Episode 8	"Take It!"	 Manny Coto & Wendy West	November 14, 2010	

Dexter and Lumen take the opportunity to track a vicious murderer while attending a self-help seminar; fallout from the Santa Muerte homicides puts Debra in hot water and places Batista in a difficult situation. Things tense up between Quinn and Liddy as Liddy begins to grow more obsessive and greedy.

Episode 9	"Teenage Wasteland"	Ernest Dickerson	Lauren Gussis	November 21, 2010	

Dexter and Lumen are on the hunt for a new victim but get sidetracked by the arrival of a surprise visitor. Meanwhile, as a result of fallout from the Santa Muerte case, Debra gets reassigned to the file room, where she is still able to dig up new evidence in the Barrel Girl investigation.

Episode 10	"In the Beginning"	Keith Gordon	Scott Reynolds	November 28, 2010	

Just as Dexter discovers a possible ally in the pursuit of Lumen's former captors, he and Lumen are forced to step down as Homicide uncovers some key evidence linked to one of their prior victims. Debra, who's been reassigned to the Barrel Girls murders, positively identifies two more suspects in the case. 

Episode 11	"Hop a Freighter"	John Dahl	Teleplay by: Scott Buck & Tim Schlattman
Story by: Karen Campbell	December 5, 2010	

Dexter and Lumen's plans are momentarily thwarted when Dexter's forced to do damage control after he concedes that someone, outside of Miami Metro, has taken an interest in them. Debra's speculation on the missing Barrel Girl suspects begins to take shape. Quinn finds himself more involved in a homicide than he'd like to be. 

Episode 12	"The Big One"	Steve Shill	Chip Johannessen & Manny Coto	December 12, 2010	

In the season finale, Dexter's situation grows desperate when he discovers that Lumen's been set up. Despite knowing he's being baited into a trap, Dexter risks everything to save Lumen. In the Barrel Girls case, Debra lets her personal feelings lead her instincts once she concludes that vigilantes are more than just a theory. Debra closes in on Jordan after receiving an anonymous tip about his whereabouts. 