Economics, 3rd Edition

Taught By Professor Timothy Taylor, M.Econ., Stanford University,
Macalester College

We are all economists—when we work, buy, save, invest, pay taxes, and vote. It repays us many times over to be good economists. Economic issues are active in our lives every day. However, when the subject of economics comes up in conversation or on the news, we can find ourselves longing for a more sophisticated understanding of the fundamentals of economics.

How can I get an overview of the entire U.S. economy?
Why do budget deficits matter?
What exactly does the Federal Reserve do?
Why do most economists favor international trade so strongly?
Economics, 3rd Edition, will help you think about and discuss these and other economic issues that affect you and the nation every day—interest rates, unemployment, personal investing, budget deficits, globalization, and many more—with a greater level of knowledge and sophistication.

Designed for those who haven't already purchased our 2nd Edition economics course, this enlarged and reorganized 3rd Edition includes updated statistics and discussions of more recent events. It also features expanded coverage in areas of great public interest, such as anti-trust issues, corporate responsibility, and international financial crashes.


Course Lecture Titles

36 Lectures 
30 minutes / lecture

1.	How Economists Think
2.	Division of Labor
3.	Supply and Demand
4.	Price Floors and Ceilings
5.	Elasticity
6.	The Labor Market and Wages
7.	Financial Markets and Rates of Return
8.	Personal Investing
9.	From Perfect Competition to Monopoly
10.	Antitrust and Competition Policy
11.	Regulation and Deregulation
12.	Negative Externalities and the Environment
13.	Positive Externalities and Technology
14.	Public Goods
15.	Poverty and Welfare Programs
16.	Inequality
17.	Imperfect Information and Insurance
18.	Corporate and Political Governance
19.	Macroeconomics and GDP
20.	Economic Growth
21.	Unemployment
22.	Inflation
23.	The Balance of Trade
24.	Aggregate Supply and Aggregate Demand
25.	The Unemployment-Inflation Tradeoff
26.	Fiscal Policy and Budget Deficits
27.	Countercyclical Fiscal Policy
28.	Budget Deficits and National Saving
29.	Money and Banking
30.	The Federal Reserve and Its Powers
31.	The Conduct of Monetary Policy
32.	The Gains of International Trade
33.	The Debates over Protectionism
34.	Exchange Rates
35.	International Financial Crashes
36.	A Global Economic Perspective


About Your Professor

Professor Timothy Taylor is the managing editor of the American Economic Association's Journal of Economic Perspectives, which is produced at Macalester College and is the world's most widely distributed and read journal of academic economics. A graduate of Haverford College, where he majored in economics and political science and graduated magna cum laude, Professor Taylor earned his master's degree in economics from Stanford University. 

An honored teacher, Professor Taylor was voted Teacher of the Year by students at the Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota, was named Distinguished Instructor by that university's Department of Economics, and won the Award for Excellent Teaching in a Large Class given by the Associated Students of Stanford University.

Professor Taylor is the author of an introductory economics textbook, Principles of Economics: Economics and the Economy, and coauthor of Updating American's Social Contract: Economic Growth and Opportunity in the New Century. He has also written papers and articles for a wide variety of academic and lay publications.



