DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
   
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:


What's Luck Got to Do with It?: The History, Mathematics, and Psychology of the Gambler's Illusion
By Joseph Mazur


Publisher:   Princeton University Press
Number Of Pages:   296
Publication Date:   2010-06-06
ISBN-10 / ASIN:   0691138907
ISBN-13 / EAN:   9780691138909


Product Description:

 

Why do so many gamblers risk it all when they know the odds of winning are against them? Why do they believe dice are "hot" in a winning streak? Why do we expect heads on a coin toss after several flips have turned up tails? What's Luck Got to Do with It? takes a lively and eye-opening look at the mathematics, history, and psychology of gambling to reveal the most widely held misconceptions about luck. It exposes the hazards of feeling lucky, and uses the mathematics of predictable outcomes to show when our chances of winning are actually good.

Mathematician Joseph Mazur traces the history of gambling from the earliest known archaeological evidence of dice playing among Neolithic peoples to the first systematic mathematical studies of games of chance during the Renaissance, from government-administered lotteries to the glittering seductions of grand casinos, and on to the global economic crisis brought on by financiers' trillion-dollar bets. Using plenty of engaging anecdotes, Mazur explains the mathematics behind gambling--including the laws of probability, statistics, betting against expectations, and the law of large numbers--and describes the psychological and emotional factors that entice people to put their faith in winning that ever-elusive jackpot despite its mathematical improbability.

As entertaining as it is informative, What's Luck Got to Do with It? demonstrates the pervasive nature of our belief in luck and the deceptive psychology of winning and losing.


Contents

The history 
Pits, pebbles, and bones : rolling to discover fate 
The professionals : luck becomes measurable 
From coffeehouses to casinos : gaming becomes big business 
There's no stopping it now : from bans to bookies 
Betting with trillions : the 2008 world economic calamity 
The mathematics 
Who's got a royal flush? : one deal as likely as another
The behavior of a coin : making predictions with probability 
Someone has to win : betting against expectation 
A truly astonishing result : the weak law of large numbers 
The skill/luck spectrum : even great talent needs some good fortune 
The analysis 
Let it ride : the house money effect 
Knowing when to quit : psychomanaging risk 
The theories : what makes a gambler? 
Hot hands : expecting long runs of the same outcome
Luck : the dicey illusion.

Summary: A great look at luck
Rating: 5

Joseph Mazur is a mathematics professor who's written books about math for the popular audience, and his writing style is wonderfully suited to discussing a complex subject in a friendly way. Maybe the greatest compliment I can pay Mazur is that he doesn't come across like a professor in his writing-he's more like a very interesting guy sitting next to you on a plane ride out to Las Vegas, who's got several hours worth of anecdotes and an occasional mathematical proof to back them up. 

WHAT'S LUCK GOT TO DO WITH IT? tackles what might be the million-dollar question when it comes to gambling: why do people consistently bet against the odds? Demonstrating that he's not approaching his subject from too great a distance, Mazur treats the reader to a debate between his uncles-two of whom are racetrack devotees, one of whom insists that gambling is a sure path to ruin and warns against feeling to sure that luck is on your side. The book essentially seeks to identify just what luck is, and reconcile it with the dry mechanics of probability and the law of large numbers. Involving history, psychology, and several examples from popular culture,the book uses its mathematical backbone to ask and answer some key questions about gambling and luck. 

The book is divided into three parts. The first is an outstanding brief history of gambling from the dawn of time to about 2008. No matter what you've read about the topic, you'll probably still learn something new here. Then Mazur looks into the math of gambling and luck, and relates the underlying theoretical truths that make gambling work the way it does. Along the way Mazur works in several personal anecdotes that keep the reading lively. After laying down the mathematical foundation, Mazur explains "the analysis," or why people continue to gamble against the odds. He incorporates research about problem gambling, but also addresses non-problem gamblers, who make up the great bulk of the gambling public. 

Because Mazur's not judgmental about luck and gambling, but is analytical, the book is a winner. It's not just a mathematician telling us that we'll never hit a million-dollar jackpot-it's a mathematician looking at why we continue to hope to hit that jackpot. This book should be required reading for anyone in the casino business, and anyone who spends more than a fraction of their disposable income on gambling should find it informative, if nothing else. It's a reasoned, but also passionate, search for the meaning of luck that may change the way you look at a pair of dice-or your mortgage.



Summary: All About Gambling and Gamblers
Rating: 5

As explained in this fascinating book, the subject of gambling has intrigued humanity for millennia. The taking of risks, for whatever reason, has always instilled some level of exhilaration in the minds of many - occasionally with disastrous consequences. The author, a professor of mathematics, has succeeded admirably in touching upon most aspects of gambling that may be of interest to both the general reader as well as the most dedicated gambler. The book is divided into three main sections. In the first (about 70 pages), the history of gambling and risk taking is covered from earliest times up to the 2008 economic crisis. In the second section (about 80 pages), the author examines the mathematics of probability and calculates the odds of winning at various types of games, e.g., cards, dice, roulette, horse racing, etc. In the final section (about 60 pages), the author discusses the psychological aspects of gambling. Here, questions like: "What makes a problem gambler?" and "Why do gamblers often gamble against overwhelming odds and risk losing everything?" are addressed. 

The writing style is clear, lively, friendly and authoritative. The author's many personal anecdotes add a special touch. Regarding accessibility, the first and last sections can be enjoyed by anyone. On the other hand, the math section may present problems to those who are math phobic. Fortunately for them, this section may be skipped without any loss in understanding the other two sections. Although most math principles are clearly explained and supplemented with useful appendices, I did do some occasional head-scratching, often (but not always) resulting from the odd misprint. 

This book would likely be of most interest to anyone fascinated by gambling - from those who enjoy gambling very occasionally to professionals. Math buffs with a fascination for statistics and probability theory are also likely to thoroughly enjoy this book.



Summary: History, Art, Psychology and most of all Insight
Rating: 5

My dad had a gambling addiction that I just could not understand. 
This book gave me key insights into the whys of this with a multi-dimensional tour of the universe of gambling. 
I opened the book to the index for an initial random look and found Benjamin Franklin, then on to page 52 to find out he ran a lottery! And George Washington and Thomas Jefferson participated in lotteries. My notion that gambling in the US was something new is now revised. 
The book does not avoid mathematics, but the math does not interrupt the history, and psychological insight. 
A spectacular tour of the universe through gambling. 
PS: The book is physically a coffee table art book with beautiful illustrations.
