

The Last House on the Left (2009) 

Extended version

Verenigde Staten
Horror / Thriller
100 minuten / 114 minuten (unrated version)

geregisseerd door Dennis Iliadis
met Sara Paxton, Monica Potter en Garret Dillahunt

John en Emma Collingwood en hun dochter Mari verblijven in een vakantiehuis in de bossen. Mari krijgt toestemming van haar ouders om haar vriendin Paige op te zoeken in het nabijgelegen dorp. Maar wanneer het tweetal daar in de handen van een groepje criminelen terechtkomt, worden ze ontvoerd...
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/55263


Storyline

While being transported by two detectives in a car, the dangerous criminal Krug is rescued by his brother Francis and his girlfriend Sadie, and they brutally kill the detectives. Meanwhile Emma, her husband Dr. John and their seventeen year-old daughter Mari Collingwood head on vacation to their house nearby the lake. Mari borrows the family car to meet her friend Paige that is working in a store in the town. They befriend the teenager Justin in the store and he offers some marijuana to the pothead Paige in the motel where he is lodged. While they are smoking grass in Justin's room, Krug, who is Justin's father, Francis and Sadie arrive and abduct the girls. Krug drives Mari's car and she provokes a crash on a tree. Krug stabs Paige and rapes Mari; however Mary manages to escape, swimming in the lake, but Krug shoots her on the back. They walk through the isolated road in the woods and they reach Collingwood's house telling that they have just had a car accident... 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844708/



Video: DVD Rip Retail
Audio: AC 3  5.1 English Hungarian Czech Polish
Subs: Englich Hungarian Czech Polish Dutch Danish Finnish Icelandic Norwegian Swedish
Menu: Yes
ID: 224 (0xE0)
Formaat: MPEG Video
Formaatversie: Version 2
Bitrate-modus : Variabel
Breedte: 720 pixels
Hoogte: 576 pixels
Beeldverhouding: 16:9
Framerate: 25,000 fps
Standaard: PAL
Cover: Yes

Enjoy The Movie
