presenting s n e a k _ s h o t



release date:26-07-2011



description:


Catherine (キャサリン Kyasarin?) is a horror[8] puzzle-platformer[9] adventure video game[10] developed and published by Atlus for the Xbox 360. The game is Atlus' first internally-developed game for seventh-generation consoles in high definition, and is described as an "adult-oriented" title by the game's character designer, Shigenori Soejima.[11] The cinematic portion of the game is handled by Studio 4°C.[12] The game was released in Japan on February 17, 2011, and in North America on July 26, 2011.[3] Deep Silver will publish the game in the PAL regions (Asia, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe).


In the neighborhood in which Vincent lives, there have recently been a number of bizarre incidents in which people die in their sleep with a look of anguish upon their faces. Strangely enough, all of the victims are young men. The story quickly spreads throughout the media, attracting widespread attention and theories as to the cause of death. A strange rumor begins to spread that if a person dreams of falling, then they must wake up soon or they will be unable to wake at all and die.




Vincent is at a bar contemplating marriage to Katherine, his lover of five years who is pressuring him to get married, when he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named Catherine. Although there are many vacant seats, she sits next to Vincent and turns out to be exactly his type. The two end up spending the night together at Vincent's house.




After meeting Catherine, Vincent begins to have nightmares every single night, which he believes may be related to the rumors. In these dreams, he and several other men, who appear to him as sheep, must escape from various horrors trying to kill him, for if he dies in his dream, he will die in reality. As dreams and reality begin to blend together, Vincent must not only fight to survive, but he must choose between Katherine and Catherine







seed comment n enjoy...!!!