Channel: Channel 4 04
Date: Sunday 3rd April 2005
Duration: 3 hours.

From Monty Python to Little Britain and Morecambe and Wise to Big Train, British 
comedy is renowned for its quotable catchphrases and enduring popularity across 
generations. But what is the greatest comedy sketch of them all? 

Channel 4 counts down from 50 to one to reveal what the British public has voted 
as the best comedy sketch of all time. Will Bo Selecta's "Michael Jackson's 
Crib" sketch top Goodness Gracious Me's "Going for an English"? Does The Two 
Ronnies "Four Candles" sketch triumph over Acorn Antiques by Victoria Wood and 
Julie Walters? Or could Pete and Dud's "Dagenham Dialogues" secure victory? 

The programme traces the history of British comedy through some of the most 
brilliantly crafted comic moments ever produced. But it remains to be seen 
whether the sketches of comedy days gone by can match the popularity of more 
recent favourites. 

Narrated by Tom Baker, 50 Greatest Comedy Sketches features interviews with a 
range of the industry's finest, as they recount their personal favourite British 
comedy sketches. The line-up includes John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Michael Palin, 
Mike Myers, Meera Syal, Griff Rhys Jones, The League of Gentlemen, Tony 
Robinson, Little Britain's Matt Lucas and David Walliams, Peep Show's David 
Mitchell and Robert Webb, Father Ted writer Graham Linehan and many more.

50 Greatest Comedy Sketches

  01. Lou and Andy (Swimming Pool) - Little Britain
  02. Petshop, Dead Parrot - Monty Python's Flying Circus
  03. Tubbs and Edward (Road Men) - The League of Gentlemen
  04. Vicky Pollard (Swimming Pool) - Little Britain
  05. Four Candles - The Two Ronnies
  06. Going For An English - Goodness Gracious Me
  07. Acorn Antiques - Victoria Wood, As Seen On TV
  08. Breakfast - The Morecambe and Wise Show
  09. Ted and Ralph (Drinking Game) - The Fast Show  
  10. Good Aids/Bad Aids - Brass Eye
  
  11. The Slobs (Brown Baby) - Harry Enfield and Chums
  12. The Spanish Inquisition - Monty Python's Flying Circus
  13. Silence of the Lambs - French and Saunders
  14. Papa Lazarou (The Circus Comes to Town) - The League Of Gentlemen
  15. Ministry of Silly Walks - Monty Python's Flying Circus
  16. Previn Plays Greig - The Morecambe and Wise Show
  17. The Only Gay in the Village (Daffyd's Coming Out) - Little Britain
  18. The Pool - The Day Today
  19. Michael Jackson's Crib - Bo Selecta!
  20. Suit You! Tailors (New Job) - The Fast Show
  
  21. Masterchef - The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer
  22. Singing Match - Smack the Pony
  23. Job Seekers (The Interview) - The League Of Gentlemen
  24. History Today - The Mary Whitehouse Experience
  25. Mastermind - The Two Ronnies
  26. One Leg Too Few - Beyond the Fringe
  27. Two Soups - Victoria Wood, As Seen on TV
  28. Gerald the Talking Gorilla - Not the Nine O'Clock News
  29. Mr Cholmondley-Warner (Women Know Your Limits) - Harry Enfield's Television Programme
  30. Stoneybridge Olympic Bid - Absolutely
  
  31. Nudge Nudge - Monty Python's Flying Circus
  32. Craig David on Tour - Bo Selecta!
  33. Constable Savage - Not the Nine O'Clock News
  34. Singing in the Rain - The Morecombe and Wise Show
  35. Alan Partridge (At the Races) - The Day Today
  36. The Dagenham Dialogues - Not Only But Also
  37. Thatcher and Cabinet - Spitting Image
  38. Damn It! - A Bit of Fry and Laurie
  39. Saying Goodbye - Smack the Pony
  40. Class Sketch - The Frost Report
  
  41. The Pandas (Japanese Tourists) - Who Dares Wins
  42. Cissy and Ada, Babysitting - The Les Dawson Show
  43. Two Flies - Alas Smith and Jones
  44. Jockey Safari - Big Train
  45. A La Carte - The Tommy Cooper Hour
  46. The Four Yorkshiremen - At Last the 1948 Show
  47. Slade in Residence (Xmas Day) - Smell of Reeves and Mortimer
  48. Rod Stewart's Bum - The Kenny Everett Television Show
  49. The Lumberjack Song - Monty Python's Flying Circus
  50. Smashie and Nicey (Radio Quiet) - Harry Enfield's Television Programme 