Jerry Lee Lewis
18 Original Sun 
Greatest Hits (1984)

Is there an early rock & roller who has a crazier reputation than the Killer, Jerry Lee Lewis? His exploits as a piano-thumping, egocentric wild man with an unquenchable thirst for living have become the fodder for numerous biographies, film documentaries, and a full-length Hollywood movie. Certainly few other artists came to the party with more ego and talent than he and lived to tell the tale. And certainly even fewer could successfully channel that energy into their music and prosper doing it as well as Jerry Lee. When he broke on the national scene in 1957 with his classic "Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On," he was every parents' worst nightmare perfectly realized: a long, blonde-haired Southerner who played the piano and sang with uncontrolled fury and abandon, while simultaneously reveling in his own sexuality. He was rock & roll's first great wild man and also rock & roll's first great eclectic. Ignoring all manner of musical boundaries is something that has not only allowed his music to have wide variety, but to survive the fads and fashions as well. Whether singing a melancholy country ballad, a lowdown blues, or a blazing rocker, Lewis' wholesale commitment to the moment brings forth performances that are totally grounded in his personality and all singularly of one piece. Like the recordings of Hank Williams, Louis Armstrong, and few others, Jerry Lee's early recorded work is one of the most amazing collections of American music in existence.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock		
M3U Playlist:		Yes

01.Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On
02.Great Balls Of Fire
03.Breathless
04.High School Confidential
05.What'd I Say
06.Drinkin' Wine Spo-Dee-O-Dee
07.Matchbox
08.Jambalaya (On The Bayou)
09.When The Saints Go Marching In
10.Lewis Boogie
11.It'll Be Me (Single Version)
12.All Night Long
13.Big Blon' Baby
14.Crazy Arms
15.Ubangi Stomp
16.Big Legged Woman
17.Put Me Down
18.Real Wild Child (Wild One)


Lace up your boogie woogie shoes tight for this one. It's smokin'!

Cheers!