Released: 08.03.10

Gorillaz LP3... In which our hero Murdoc was chased off to live in exile on an island of detritus somewhere in the Pacific, chloroformed his singer and recruited a smorgasbord of all star guests.

Featuring the singles: Stylo
	
Formats

CD/DLX:
1. Orchestral Intro
2. Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach
3. White Flag
4. Rhinestone Eyes
5. Stylo
6. Superfast Jellyfish
7. Empire Ants
8. Glitter Freeze
9. Some Kind of Nature
10. On Melancholy Hill
11. Broken
12. Sweepstakes
13. Plastic Beach
14. To Binge
15. Cloud of Unknowing
16. Pirate Jet

Goodies & Info

Additionally, a deluxe "Experience Edition" of Plastic Beach was issued containing expanded artwork along with a bonus DVD. The DVD includes The Making of Plastic Beach Documentary, giving fans insight into all of the behind the scenes recording of the album.

The Experience Edition also comes with an access card containing a unique code, allowing fans to log into the gorillaz.com website and enjoy additional "Gorillaz experience" content along with the "full" Plastic Beach game. For additional information on accessing elements of the Experience Edition - click here.

An additional deluxe version was released for iTunes, giving fans the chance to also enjoy an HD quality download of the Stylo video (along with a Making of the Video download), Gorillaz artwork & storybook, games, lyrics and mini videos for other album tracks.

Special Guests

Plastic Beach is Murdoc's concept album and he underwent an ambitious recruiting process in order to get a whole host of star names out to his Plastic Beach island to contribute to his latest classic. Here they are:

Orchestral Intro features Sinfonia ViVA
Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach features Snoop Dogg & Hypnotic Brass Ensemble
White Flag features Kano, Bashy and The National Orchestra For Arabic Music
Stylo features Bobby Womack & Mos Def
Superfast Jellyfish features De La Soul & Gruff Rhys
Empire Ants features Little Dragon
Glitter Freeze features Mark E. Smith
Some Kind of Natures features Lou Reed
Sweepstakes features Mos Def & Hypnotic Brass Ensemble
Plastic Beach features Mick Jones & Paul Simonon
To Binge features Little Dragon
Cloud of Unknowing features Bobby Womack & Sinfonia ViVA

Charts

Chart info TBD.

Artwork

Promo photos forthcoming.

What They Said

"Sprawling, daring, innovative, surprising, muddled and magnificent... not just one of the best albums of 2010 but... a new benchmark for collaborative music as a whole." - BBC
"An intoxicating cocktail of musical styles and pioneers... instantly recognisable as a Gorillaz album" - Clash
"The edifice of Plastic Beach has allowed Gorillaz to get away with making another guest-spotted album that never feels contrived. This is not just a project." - Drowned in Sound
"The tropical island where Gorillaz hang out is a "plastic beach" of industrial-waste products, so they recycle all the debris into shiny new toys. And that's the musical plan as well, mixing up bric-a-brac from around the world." - Rolling Stone