10 Years Ago Ministry of Sound Australia brought you their first ever Annual, a compilation destined for greatness, as it brought a new and exciting sound to an industry dominated by rock-n-roll has been’s, boy bands, manufactured miracles and pop-shot disasters. House music had arrived, and Ministry of Sound we’re ready to bring it to you.

Since that fateful day, Ministry of Sound has been serving up the yearly must have dance compilation and tour known as ‘The Annual’, and in 2011 we’re taking a look back at a decade of dance with The Annual 10 Years, a two-disc anthology of 41 hits which have shaped dance music and defined moments in millions of people’s lives for the past 10 years; moments where super clubs reigned supreme and complete strangers were united in deep repetitive conversations.

Mixed by two of the greatest DJ’s which Australia has ever raised - John Course and Mark Dynamix, The Annual 10 Years is destined to be the dance music digest no house music lover should be left without!

The Annual 10 Years - Disc 1 Mixed by John Course
1.	Martin Solveif - Everybody (Original mix)			  	
2.	Bodyrox feat. Luciana - Yeah Yeah (D. Ramirez Vocal Club Mix)			  	
3.	Basement Jaxx - Good Luck (Tim Deluce F*cked Club Mix)			  	
4.	Dajae - Everyday My Life (Junior Jack Vocal Mix)			  	
5.	Junior Jack - Stupidisco (Extended Version)			  	
6.	Ida Corr vs Fedde Le Grand - Let Me Think About It (Original mix)
7.	Ou Est Le Swimmnig Pool - Dance The Way I Feel (Armand Van Helden Club Mix)			  	
8.	Soul Central - Strings of Life (Danny Krivit Re-edit)			  	
9.	Bob Sinclar feat. Gary \'Nesta\' Pine - Love Generation (Original mix)			  	
10.	Duck Sauce - Barbra Streisand (Original mix)			  	
11.	Davud Guetta vs. The Egg - Love Don\'t Let Me Go (Walking Away)			  	
12.	The Similou - All This Love (Tonite Only\'s F**k Tomorrow Mix)			  	
13.	Afrojack feat. Eva Simons - Take Over Control (Original mix)			  	
14.	IIO - Rapture (Original mix)			  	
15.	Gusgus - David (Darren Emerson Underwater Mix)			  	
16.	Rui Da Silva feat. Cassandra - Touch Me (Original mix)			  	
17.	Freaks - The Creeps (Get On The Dancefloor) (Vandalism Vocal Mix)			  	
18.	Armand Van Helden - Hear My Name (Original mix)			  	
19.	Dirsty South vs Evermore - It\'s Too Late (Original mix)			  	
20.	Eric Prydz - Call On Me (Original mix)
21.	Chickie & LMFAO - Let The Bass Kick In Miami Bitch (MYNC I\'m In Richmond Bitch Remix)			  	
22.	Swedish House Mafia feat. Pharrell - One (Your Name)			  	

The Annual 10 Years - Disc 2 Mixed by Mark Dynamix
1.	Starsailor - Four To The Floor (Thin White Duke Mix - Short Version)			  	
2.	The Knife - We Share Our Mother\'s Health (Trentemoller Remix)			  	
3.	Booka Shade - Mandarin Girl (Original mix)			  	
5.	Samim - Heater (Original mix)
4.	Tiga - Pleasure From The Bass (Original mix)
6.	Empire Of The Sun - Walking On A Dream (Sam La More Remix)			  	
7.	Cicada - The Things You Say (Dirty South Remix)			  	
8.	The Presets - Talk Like That (Dave Spoon Televized Mix)			  	
9.	Ferry Corsten - Punk (Original mix)			  	
10.	Energy 52 - Cafe Del Mar (Michael Woods Remix)			  	
11.	PNAU - Wild Strawberries (Original mix)			  	
12.	The Loose Cannons - All Alone (Original mix)			  	
13.	Supermode - Tell Me Why (Original mix)			  	
14.	deadmau5 feat. Rob Swire - Ghosts \'n\' Stuff (Original mix)			  	
15.	Fake Blood - Mars (Original mix)			  	
16.	Benny Benassi pres. The Biz - Satisfaction (Original mix)			  	
17.	Dizzee Rascal feat. Calvin Harris and Chrome - Dance Wiv Me (The Aston Shuffle Remix)			  	
18.	MSTRKRFT feat. John Legend - Heartbreaker (Laidback Luke Remix)			  	
19.	The Chemical Brothers - The Salmon Dance (Crookers \'Wow\' Mix)	 04:01		  	
20.	The Bloody Beetroots feat. Steve Aoki - Warp 1.9 (Original mix)
