Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:     
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:      
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:     
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains one video, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?77e8d1pe7tolw802sbrtqszcyxj2  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?n3stot2ix5g12hjy1souaxc978z2  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?7l29u44y5x2ixj0rtj9jy0wrwn8s  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?tvzz1d7edvsjng5jnelfpb9e47q2  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?r59mb34koei4qyf7tro5m4i97o67  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?v7ui0mayfcfbgwcicvfdn47x1j67  squatting 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?303v42u5eirv0aiqf2dtmshxv     ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?28mh174af4ko6k2q1f26n6y74xcy  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ftkma910021ekgdc695sjyz7u0ug  vid 1 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments:  Well, here I am! I've been doing a few nude shoots for fun and portfolio purposes but never real porn. I waited for a long time to do anything like this, I mean I've had real jobs all my life. One was dental assisting, which I came to hate. I really didn't care for all that saliva, and seeing every persons' mouth up close. Didn't mind working with children though, that's always fun. Then I moved to working at an office being the secretary type but it got wearisome when the boss started falling in love with me. And he had a wife & kids! I want to do adult work now, at 24 and its going to help me with college expenses. I actually went to college in Phoenix, though I live in San Diego now. I forgot how much I miss the Phoenix weather and the sun. Not necessarily for masturbating outside though! Spending 2 hours outside takes a lot out of you especially in the summer. I couldn't come that way so we went home and I came once. I usually masturbate more than have sex (because I don't sleep around) but with a stranger and a camera its much more difficult than I would've thought. I'm sorry if it took very long and the photographer seemed frustrated about it. He'd make that frown and I could tell he was. I have a thing for heels btw, even though they hurt my feet after a while and so I can't wear them for long. I like how my legs and butt look in them so I do it anyway. The photographer liked the pairs I brought with me and so we did a lot of nudes with heels on. One thing I wasn't comfy with was how he wanted me to use larger toys or put more fingers inside my vagina and I really didn't want to. I don't want to stretch my vagina out and become all loose up there. Still though I had a lot of fun with the shoot and the running around naked out in public places was a blast. The photographer's talent at getting those photos are great and I'm adding them to my portfolio of nudes. I wish he would photoshop some of them though! I bruise easily and its hard to avoid getting rashy after shaving.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She's a really cute girl in person, and always talking with a super fun personality. Problem was getting her to talk while the camera is rolling. She would get quiet and I kept emphasizing that its a good thing if she is more vocal. She has a very nice pair of firm breasts, a nice smile, and gorgeous eyes. Another very hot day, we start at a mall with teases in her summer dress, then a botched masturbation after realizing that people are watching. Not without a few more flashes before we speed off... the random guy nearby got a nice bonus. Her trouble with getting to orgasm made for some very long (and I know some of you guys will complain about it) masturbation scenes. In the end, I had to cut off the second masturbation because it was taking too long, and she may never have come to orgasm. Its also why this update is more a half-update compared to most adventure shoots. She was very adamant about no large insertions, so I couldn't get her to experiment with kinky or extreme either. She is a natural gaper, so I tried to get as much of that as I could.   Clip 7 was cut much shorter than it was, since she was taking forever on the orgasm, and she couldn't get to it anyway.  However, on her first masturbation on Clip4, you can see a fine hint of orgasmic contractions towards the end.  My favorite portions are the stuff shot on location, like the mall and the sunset nude walk.  