mp3   320kbps


Size: 110,6 MB
Time: 48:18
File: MP3 @ 320K/s
Released: 2011
Styles: Acoustic Blues
Label: What In Sam Hell Productions
Art: Front

01. I Never Meant To Kill Anybody (2:42)
02. I Can't Take It Any More (2:29)
03. House Calls (4:02)
04. I Don't Want Another Woman (2:27)
05. Whistle Blowin' Blues (2:20)
06. N.A. Beer (2:22)
07. Meanest Girl In Town (2:18)
08. New Way Of Living (3:04)
09. Disappear (3:05)
10. Love 'em All (2:23)
11. Nothing In The Clouds But Rain (2:19)
12. Like That's Gonna Stop Me (2:29)
13. If I Had A Dollar (4:10)
14. Stainless Steel Toilet (3:08)
15. Wicked Woman Blues (2:39)
16. Death Bed (3:38)
17. Ramblin' Woman (2:36)

Madman Sam without doubt has got to be recognized as one of the most authentic traditional blues players today that does not come from the Mississippi Delta or the Piedmont, but rather the urban sprawl of Southwest Portland, Oregon. His playing harkens back to the travelling musicians of the 20s and 30s, armed with only their guitar and voice to carry them through. And to catch the attention of the crowds on streets or the noisy juke joints, your voice had to boom over the cacophony of noise ever present. Madman Sam’s voice has that range. He belts out his lyrics over his vibrant strumming and sliding. Like Skip James whose voice was instantly recognizable, Sam has his own unique growl that would be hard to mistake for anybody else.

It’s hard in a lot of cities to get noticed when you’re a solo acoustic artist. Most crowds want to go out to dance to the more modern sounds, not realizing that this was the style of music people danced to with the original blues musicians. Nowadays it’s more that band feel, so the solo performers often get left behind. But there is a magic in Madman Sam that can capture the audiences’ ears. It’s not just that driving pace on his guitar, but it’s the words behind his music that speak to a lot of people, even though its topics may be about jail, cheating spouses and retribution up to murder. There is a humor behind many of the themes. Humor, behind adultory and murder? Yes, Madman Sam has found a way.

He tells us about the wife who makes “House Calls” while he is away and how you may peep out your peep-hole one day expecting to see his wife, but will be looking down his shotgun barrel instead. Or how non-alcoholic beer doesn’t really do much for him other than make him have to urinate. Or that he has decided that he doesn’t need any women anymore as the good ones always die and the bad ones want to kill him. In fact, he doesn’t want to settle for any woman unless she is the meanest one in town. And then again he reconsiders and would like to live to 90 so he can love all the women there are. But he’s had it with you and would rather just see you disappear.

Perhaps the finest moment on the disc is where he recalls a story he had read about R.L. Burnside and made it into a song. Burnside, who reportedly had murdered a man but claimed he didn’t mean to do so, was only trying to shoot the guy in the head. Madman Sam takes this theme into a first person narrative of a condemned man waiting to be hung for his crime.

In fact, there are a number of themes you probably will not hear from any other blues artist. The inmate detailing the stainless steel toilet that sits just two feet from where he sleeps. Or the opinion about the hereafter in the title song “Nothing In The Clouds But Rain.” And then he lies upon his death bed and declares he would not have changed a thing in his life.

Madman Sam is definitely an original artist and this latest disc is a fine companion and follow-up to his debut album I Feel So Evil. There is a lot of story-telling in a short time; seventeen tracks in only 48 minutes. He has a way of giving you an interesting plot and bringing it across in around two minutes’ time. That in itself is rather unheard of with today’s music. It’s not your father’s or grandfather’s blues music. The sound may be there, but the storylines are very modern. Madman Sam is the new voice of traditional country blues, though he fits in rather well with the urban listener. Either way, Nothing In The Clouds But Rain is a stellar piece of art. 

