Sony Vegas Movie Studio HD Platinum 11.0 Build 256-Rjaa


Technical Data

Platinum Vegas Movie Studio HD Production Suite v11.0

Including Spanish | 426 MB

Description

The software Vegas ™ Movie Studio HD Platinum 11 Production Suite raises output HD video and audio to a higher level thanks to its additional professional tools for sound design and more video effects and transitions. Use the included Sound Forge ™ software Audio Studio to edit audio with precision, then, improve your multimedia projects with the 400 exclusive soundtracks.



Features

Definitive creative inspiration

Platinum Vegas Movie Studio HD Production Suite has everything you need for HD movies in professional quality. Users can edit video in nearly any format including HDV and AVCHD video and create stunning 3D using stereoscopic 3D innovative tools.



Complete set of audio and video production

Platinum Vegas Movie Studio HD Production Suite includes powerful features for video compositing, color correction and creation of soundtracks for film to get results. Choose from hundreds of video effects, titles and filters professional 2D and 3D. The exclusive quick-start tutorials will help you become familiar with the program right away.



Vegas Movie Studio Platinum HD 11

The software Vegas Movie Studio HD Platinum 11 lets you create movies spectacular in almost any format. The powerful tools in 3D stereoscopic video compositing, color correction, and surround sound mixing help you get feature-film results in your home studio. You can also customize your movies with text animations, lists of titles and scrolling credits.



DVD Architect Studio 5

With DVD Architect Studio can choose from dozens of ready-made templates or create your custom backgrounds and buttons. Create titles, multiple menus, scene selection menus, slide shows, music collections, and so on. All this can create standard-definition DVD or Blu-ray Disc ™ high-definition.



Sound Forge Audio Studio 10

The Sound Forge ™ Audio Studio is the easiest way to record, edit, encode, and master audio on your home computer. Customize your creations with built-in effects such as EQ, reverb, delay and chorus. Restore old vinyl records and cassettes. To share, simply burn your own audio CD or convert to a format perfectly suited to the webcast or to portable music players, including PSP ®, iPod ® and iPhone ®.



Vocal Eraser tool

The Sound Forge Audio Studio 10 includes the Vocal Eraser plug to easily remove vocals from most recordings. You can also use this plugin to remove vocals from songs for remixing and creating custom karaoke tracks.



Additional DVD 12 tracks

DVD Architect Studio 5 includes 12 new DVD themes are a great addition to the package of issues. These funds contain pre-produced exciting menus and buttons that can be used in any project or Blu-ray DVD.



Transitions, 3D effects and titles NewBlueFX

Vegas Movie Studio HD Platinum 11 Production Suite includes an interesting group of audio and video effects from NewBlue key, a leading designer of audio and video plugins. Once installed, the tools are available directly from the windows of effects of Vegas Movie Studio Platinum HD 11, a seamless editing experience without leaving the application. These additional transitions and effects offer more options for improving audio and video projects with a professional finish.



Quick Start tutorial DVD

The Quick Start tutorial DVD included provides a quick overview of the program Vegas Movie Studio Platinum HD 11. This DVD tutorial covers basic workflows effectively required to edit audio and video projects quickly from start to final delivery. The tutorial topics also include some advanced sections that explain how that professional touch, as techniques of chroma and color correction.



400 exclusive soundtracks

Platinum Vegas Movie Studio HD Production Suite includes 400 exclusive music soundtracks. This collection of royalty-free music produced with professional quality provides the perfect touch to your project.

System Requirements



Microsoft ® Windows ® XP SP3, Windows Vista ™ SP2 or Windows 7

2 GHz processor (recommended CPU or multi-core processors for HD or stereoscopic 3D)

400 MB free disk space for program installation

1 GB of RAM (2 GB recommended)

Sound card compatible with Windows

I.LINK ® connector * / IEEE-1394DV card OHCI compliant (for DV capture and print ribbon)

USB 2.0 (Import from AVCHD camcorders or DVD)

Apple ® QuickTime ® 7.1.6 or later

Internet connection (for Gracenote MusicID)

DVD-ROM drive (for installation from DVD)

CD-recordable drive compatible (only for CD burning)

DVD-R/-RW / + R / + RW (only DVD recording)

BD-R/-RE Unit compatible (recording only Blu-ray Disc ™)

Microsoft. NET Framework 3.0 (included on application disc

