Winstep Nexus Ultimate 11.6 By Cool Release Team Rjaa




Winstep Nexus 11.6

The Advanced Docking System for Windows

Wikipedia defines a dock as a user interface feature of a number of operating systems that typically provides a user with a way of launching and switching between applications.

The Winstep Nexus Dock is a FREE professional dock for Windows. With Nexus, your most frequently used applications are only a mouse click away - and Nexus turns working with your computer into a fun and exciting experience.

Nexus Ultimate is an enhanced version of the free-to-use Nexus dock which is available stand-alone or as a component of Winstep Xtreme (a single easy-to-install package featuring all of Winstep's popular desktop enhancement products for Windows).

Features In Depth

Multiple docks and sub-docks (Nexus Ultimate)
Create multiple docks for a variety of customized needs, organize applications within collapsible groups, or 'sub-docks'.




Powerful Dock Manipulation options (Nexus Ultimate)
Create docks from existing Shelf tabs, detach sub-docks, turn docks into sub-docks, duplicate docks, delete docks - all this using simple drag-n-drop and/or context menu options.

Shelf/Tabbed Dock (Nexus Ultimate)
Not only being able to hold shortcuts dragged into it, the Winstep Shelf is also capable of displaying the contents of special shell folders such as the Desktop, My Computer, Control Panel, Recent Documents, and so forth... It's even able to display the contents of folders in your hard drive, which can then be manipulated via drag & drop as usual.

The Shelf makes it possible to have a 'clean', uncluttered, desktop with no icons on it whatsoever by having Nexus Ultimate hide the icons on the Desktop - icons that can then be quickly accessed via the Desktop tab. Tabs in the Shelf can also have keyboard shortcuts associated to them to make the Shelf simultaneously come to the foreground and open that particular tab.


Live Icon Reflections

The first Windows dock to feature optional 'live' icon reflections



Installation Instructions



Run UltimateSetup.exe

To Install Winstep Nexus Ultimate 11.6

follow The Onscreen Instructions By The Installer

When Finish Installing, Click Finish To Complete 

The Setup, Now Start The Program, When Ask To Check

For New Version, Untick The Two (2) Check Box And Click

[ No ], No Patch Or Crack, is Needed program is Pre-Licensed



 
http://coolimagehost.net/images/00036019171201240123.jpg
 
http://coolimagehost.net/images/51819387530138897358.jpg

SEED!!!!
