 


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 40 - 666 - Please Dont Go to Hell



POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 40 - 666 - Please Dont Go to Hell


POtHS Comment: This is the truth


A.W Tozer said, The vague and tenuous hope that God is too kind to punish the ungodly has become a deadly opiate for the consciences of millions.

Why? Because even though Jesus talked more about hell than He ever did about heaven and even though He warned us over and over again about such a horrible eternal place, people still refuse to believe Him.

To make matters worse, the American Church now refuses to talk about it. Therefore, 'Please Don't Go To Hell' is a compassionate plea for not only the world but for the American Church to wake up before its too late.

This series looks first at The 'Necessity of Hell' and 'Nine Common Objections to Hell' that people have created in their minds.

Such false objections as 'Universalism', 'Hell is only Temporary', 'Annihilationism', 'Why doesn't God Just Reform People', 'Isn't Eternal Damnation a Bit Overkill', 'Hell has no Redeeming Value', 'Hell Is Really Life on Earth', 'Only Rotten People Go to Hell', and 'Hell Is Unfair'.

Then you will take a look at 'The Nature of Hell' with one of the most shocking and graphic audio and visual descriptions of this place of eternal torment that you will ever see.

And finally, you will observe the wonderful truth that you can just simply 'Say No to Hell'! Why? Because of the amazing love of God. Believe it or not, through Jesus Christ we can have Palace in Heaven instead of a Pit in Hell, a Body of Perfection instead of a Body of Pain, and a Heavenly Welcome instead of a Hellish Goodbye.

People, Hell is real whether you believe in it or not. Its just as long as heaven is and once you're there you''re not getting out, ever! Please, give your life to Jesus today. Don't leave this earth without Him. Whatever you do, 'Please Dont Go To Hell'!

Finishes with a Plan of Salvation and an invitation to receive Jesus Christ DOES NOT USE THE KJV BIBLE!

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    







       
                           