This is a Release of The Expendables (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.6GB
This Release includes:
- The Expendables (2010) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features:
	-Deleted Scene
	-Gag Reel
	-Marketing Archive
	-Making of the Featurette
	-Trailer
	-Gallery
-The Expendables FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS
That’s the ENTIRE Expendables DVD ripped of you to ENJOY including ALL THE EXTRAS!!  Please seed this collection! Cheers…vladtepes3176
PLOT: The Expendables is a 2010 American ensemble action film written by David Callaham and Sylvester Stallone, and directed by Stallone. Filming began on March 28, 2009, in Rio de Janeiro, New Orleans, andLos Angeles, and the film was released in theaters on August 13, 2010 in North America. The film is about a group of elite mercenaries, tasked with a mission to overthrow a Latin American dictator.  Barney Ross leads the "Expendables", a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast Lee Christmas, martial arts expert Yin Yang, heavy weapons specialist Hale Caesar, demolitionist Toll Road and loose-cannon sniper Gunner Jensen. When the group is commissioned by the mysterious Mr. Church to assassinate the merciless dictator of a small South American island, Barney and Lee head to the remote locale to scout out their opposition. Once there, they meet with local rebel Sandra and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city. When they escape the island and Sandra stays behind, Ross must choose to either walk away and save his own life - or attempt a suicidal rescue mission that might just save his soul.

CAST:
Sylvester Stallone as Barney Ross
Jason Statham as Lee Christmas
Jet Li as Yin Yang
Dolph Lundgren as Gunnar Jensen
Randy Couture as Toll Road
Terry Crews as Hale Caesar
Mickey Rourke as Tool
Eric Roberts as James Munroe
Gisele Itié as Sandra Garza
"Stone Cold" Steve Austin as Dan Paine

DETAILS:
English
IMDB: tt1320253
103 Minutes

Product Description
Sylvester Stallone stars as Barney Ross, leader of The Expendables, a tight-knit team of skilled combat vets turned mercenaries. Hired by a powerful covert operator, the team jets off to a small South American country to overthrow a ruthless dictator. Once there, they find themselves caught in a deadly web of deceit and betrayal. Using every weapon at their disposal, they set out to save the innocent and punish the guilty in this blistering action-packed thriller.
Please SEED! Cheers…valdtepes3176
