PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 3 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: F7B81CF4E6805048538DAD173BB159C91A41CE3F
File Size: 255.55 MB
Year: 1972
Label: Vertigo
Catalog #: CD 2602 


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Black Sabbath are an English heavy metal band, formed in Aston, Birmingham in 1969 by Ozzy Osbourne (lead vocals), Tony Iommi (guitar), Geezer Butler (bass guitar), and Bill Ward (drums). The band has since experienced multiple line-up changes, with Tony Iommi the only constant presence in the band through the years. A total of 22 musicians have at one time been members of Black Sabbath. Originally formed in 1968 as a heavy blues rock band named Earth and renamed to Black Sabbath in 1969,[1] the band began incorporating occult- and horror-inspired lyrics with tuned-down guitars and achieving multiple platinum records in the 1970s. Despite an association with occult and horror themes, Black Sabbath also composed songs dealing with social instability, political corruption, the dangers of drug abuse and the often apocalyptic prophesies of the horrors of war.

Black Sabbath are cited, along with Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple, as pioneers of heavy metal.[2][3] The band helped define the genre with releases such as quadruple-platinum Paranoid, released in 1970.[4] They were ranked by MTV as the "Greatest Metal Band" of all time,[5] and placed second in VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock" list, behind Led Zeppelin.[6] Rolling Stone has posited the band as 'the heavy-metal kings of the '70s'.[7] They have sold over 15 million records in the United States alone[8] and more than 70 million records worldwide.[9] Black Sabbath were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006, and were included among Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.[10]

Vocalist Ozzy Osbourne's heavy alcohol and cocaine usage led to his being fired from the band in April 1979, after which he began a very successful solo career, selling more than 55 million albums. He was replaced by former Rainbow vocalist Ronnie James Dio. After a few albums with Dio's vocals and songwriting collaborations, Black Sabbath endured a revolving line-up in the 1980s and 1990s that included vocalists Ian Gillan, Glenn Hughes, Ray Gillen and Tony Martin. In 1992, Iommi and Butler rejoined Dio and drummer Vinny Appice to record Dehumanizer. The original line-up reunited with Osbourne in 1997 and released a live album, Reunion. The 1979–1982 and 1991–1992 line-up featuring Iommi, Butler, Dio, and Appice reformed in 2006 under the moniker Heaven & Hell until Dio's death on 16 May 2010.

On 11 November 2011, the original band members announced that they were reuniting and recording a new album.[11] The band are scheduled to perform a headlining slot at the Download Festival on the 10th of June 2012, followed by a world tour. 






Black Sabbath Vol. 4 1972




Black Sabbath Vol. 4 is the fourth album by the British heavy metal band Black Sabbath, released in September 1972. The album was originally to be titled Snowblind, after one of several songs referring to cocaine use, and features several Sabbath classics, such as "Tomorrow's Dream", "Snowblind", "Supernaut" and "Changes".

In June 1972, Black Sabbath reconvened in Los Angeles, California to begin work on their fourth album at the Record Plant Studios. The recording process was plagued with problems, many due to substance abuse issues. While struggling to record the song "Cornucopia" after "sitting in the middle of the room, just doing drugs",[1] Bill Ward feared that he was about to be fired from the band. "I hated the song, there were some patterns that were just horrible", Ward said. "I nailed it in the end, but the reaction I got was the cold shoulder from everybody. It was like 'Well, just go home, you're not being of any use right now.' I felt like I'd blown it, I was about to get fired".[2] However, the seeds were planted for what would eventually be the demise of the classic Sabbath lineup. As Butler told Guitar World in 2001: "Yeah, the cocaine had set in. We went out to L.A. and got into a totally different lifestyle. Half the budget went on the coke and the other half went to seeing how long we could stay in the studio... We rented a house in Bel-Air and the debauchery up there was just unbelievable." In the same interview, Ward opined: "Yes, Vol. 4 is a great album, but listening to it now, I can see it as a turning point for me, where the alcohol and drugs stopped being fun."

Vol. 4 demonstrates Black Sabbath beginning to experiment with the heavy sound they had become known for. Although some songs are in their trademark style, others demonstrate a soft, orchestral approach. This is exemplified by the song "Changes". Written by Tony Iommi, it is entirely in the form of a piano ballad with mellotron. Although the band had used piano on some songs previously, it had played only a minor role in the songs.

At least two songs on the album reference the use of cocaine. The lyrics and title of "Snowblind" is an example of this. The song "Snowblind" also had to be re-recorded because the original version features Osbourne yelling the word "cocaine!" after each verse. On the officially released version, "cocaine" is whispered quite audibly after the first verse, approximately 41 seconds into the song (During live performances Osbourne would again scream the word at the top of his lungs).

The album cover features a monochrome photograph of Ozzy Osbourne with hands raised, taken during a Black Sabbath concert. The album's original release (on Vertigo in the UK, on Warner Bros. in the US and on Nippon Phonogram in Japan) features a gatefold sleeve with a page glued into the middle. Each band member is given their own photo page, with the band on-stage (and photographed from behind) at the very centre. The reissues on WWA and NEMS duplicated both the gatefold sleeve and, unusually, the pages.

A subsequent version of Vol. 4 was released with different cover art under the name "Children of the Grave". This alternate version of the album contained the same tracks as the original along with a live version of "Children of the Grave" as a final bonus track.

The album's original cover art has proved iconic, and is parodied on the 1992 Peaceville Volume 4, the 1992 Volume Two EP by the band Sleep, and the 2007 album Vol. 1 by the band Church of Misery. In the liner notes of Vol. 4, Black Sabbath thank "the great COKE-Cola Company", another blatant drug reference.[3] Also during the Vol. 4 era, bassist Geezer Butler sported a sticker on his white bass that stated "Enjoy CoCaine", a parody of the slogan "Enjoy Coca-Cola."[4]

Vol. 4 was released in September 1972, and while critics of the era were again dismissive of the album, it achieved gold status in less than a month, and was the band's fourth consecutive release to sell one million copies in the United States.[7] It reached number 13 on Billboard's pop album chart[8] and number 8 on the UK Albums Chart.[9] The song "Tomorrow's Dream" was released as a single but failed to chart.[10] Following an extensive tour of the US, the band toured Australia for the first time in 1973, and later Europe. Black Sabbath also appeared on the UK's Top of the Pops in 1973, sharing the stage with such diverse acts as Engelbert Humperdinck and Diana Ross.

The album had been reissued twice as a budget release called Children of the Grave with a live version of said song.

Kerrang! magazine listed the album at No. 48 among the "100 Greatest Heavy Metal Albums of All Time".[11]

In June 2000, Q magazine (6/00, p. 69) placed Vol. 4 at number 60 in its list of The 100 Greatest British Albums Ever[12] and described the album as "the sound of drug-taking, beer-guzzling hooligans from Britain's oft-pilloried cultural armpit let loose in LA." In an interview with Q magazine, Beck Hansen named the "Supernaut" riff as his all time favourite, equal with Neil Young's "Cinnamon Girl." Frank Zappa had also identified that song as one of his all time favorites.[13] Supernaut was also one of Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham's favorite songs by Sabbath.


Tracks: 


1.	"Wheels of Confusion/The Straightener" 
2.	"Tomorrow's Dream" 
3.	"Changes" 
4.	"FX" (instrumental)
5.	"Supernaut" 
6.	"Snowblind" 
7.	"Cornucopia" 
8.	"Laguna Sunrise" (instrumental)
9.	"St. Vitus Dance" 
10.	"Under the Sun/Every Day Comes and Goes"




Enjoy :)
