Tipard Total Media Converter v6.1.12.1227

[img]http://imgarchive.info/201104/922879.jpg[/img]

Tipard Total Media Converter, universal DVD and video file Media Converter. It is really advanced media file conversion utilities for you to convert DVDs, or videos (including M2TS, MTS, TS, HD H.264/MPEG4 AVC...), audios, then sync to your mobile players, like iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune, Creative Zen, other MP4, MP3 players and so forth.


To satisfy your requirements, Tipard Total Media Converter assists you to effect your DVD/video media file by adjusting the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation. Trim, Crop, Watermark your video when you convert your media file. Also Merge your several files into one by merging your selected files with the assistance of Tipard Total Media Converter. And more particular ways to upgrade your DVD/video media files, like Settings, Audio Track, Subtitle, Snapshot..

Key Features:

1. Select audio track and subtitle
Select you need audio track and subtitle or remove the one you are not required.

2. Customize output settings
Set the Video Encoder, Resolution, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate. You can also directly input your own resolution as the form of “XXX*XXX”; set the Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate. You also can save all the output settings as your preference, which is saved in the user-defined column automatically.

3. Snapshot picture
Tipard Total Media Converter helps you to capture your favorite pictures when preview your video and you can choose to save it as JPEG, GIF or BMP formats. You can also set the saved folder or it will be saved automatically in the defaulted folder.

4. Sync to most players
The videos or audios converted by Tipard Total Media Converter are compatible with most players, like iPod, iPhone, iPhone 3G, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, Wii, Zune, Zune 2, Xbox, Xbox 360, Sony Walkman, Archos, Creative Zen, iRiver, BlackBerry, BlackBerry Storm, BlackBerry Bold, Palm Pre, Motorala, LG, Sony Ericsson, Mobile Phone, etc .

5. Fastest Conversion Speed
Provide the fastest conversion speed (>400%), completely support dual core CPU.

6. Easy to use
Tipard Total Media Converter is easy to use for both beginners and veterans.

Key Functions:

1. "Add File" to convert video
Tipard Total Media Converter owns the basic way to convert all kinds of videos, including all popular SD video(MP4, MKV, 3GP, WMV, MOV, FLV, AVI...), HD video(HD M2TS, MTS, TS, HD H.264/MPEG4 AVC..) to your portable players or other devices.

2. "Load DVD" to convert DVD
Powerful Total Media Converter acts DVD Converter solution to convert your DVDs for compatible with your players or devices.

3. Get audio from DVDs or videos
It is possible with Tipard Total Media Converter to take out audio from DVDs or videos just by selecting one audio formats from drop down Profile menu. General audio formats, like AAC, AC3, AIFF, AMR, AU, FLAC, MP3, M4A, MP2, OGG, etc.

4. Effect DVDs and videos
Adjust the DVD/video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation to your desired video quality.

5. Trim, Crop, Merge
Using "Trim" in Tipard Total Media Converter to get any segment of your DVDs/videos, then output to your players; Using "Crop" to get your devices best suited play region; Using "Merge" to obtain one successive videos for your enjoyment.
6. Watermark your video
Tipard Total Media Converter lets you watermark your video by adding Text or Picture watermark, also owns the way to adjust the watermark position in Vertical, Horizontal angle. Even adjust the watermark Transparent.

Website:  http://www.tipard.com/total-media-converter.html

Installation Info:
1)run setup and uncheck launch after (don't start)
2)copy over the patch (lxt_ttsc6112) over to the installed directory
C:\Program Files\Tipard Studio\Tipard Total Media Converter
3)double click on the patch file and it will popup a black dos screen and say registered 
4)open program and click Help and then  register and Enter anything for user and serial (meaning anything)
5)it will say Success..
6)Enjoy from Slickinator (patch from LAXiTY)

This is a AIO loader just double click the exe and use clickable buttons.