There was a day when certain documentaries had a certain cache, mainly in that they were able to show things that would generally not pass the censors in an "ordinary" film.

From the recent NYT obituary of Gualtiero Jacopetti:

"One goal of the quasi-documentary approach of the “Mondo” movies and their imitators was to elude censors. As the need for that passed, the genre fell out of favor, along with beach-party films and giant-insect movies. Today, cable television and the Internet furnish a never-ending supply of amusingly weird phenomena."

We don't really see much of the "serious" variety of these "mondo" films being produced today.  To be sure, a fair share of cable tv and internet productions do end up on home video. I've posted some myself.

To me it was fairly obvious that "Australia After Dark" was meant for an international market.  The narrator for this film speaks with a North American accent, though the text was clearly written with words it would be quite out of place for a North American speaker of English to use. For quite some time the only versions of the "Mondo Cane" series available in the States used an English speaking narrator.  That the Australian accent might not sell very well, well, we know that from the first versions of Mad Max that crossed the ocean. On the contrary, in the end it was probably the accent that helped it sell in the end. I think Mel lost his cult status for most of us when he went "American". Now he's just plain weird, and could be the subject of a mondo film himself.

"The ABC of Love and Sex" http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077116/ actually skips a couple of letters (Q and V surprisingly) and cheats on X. This one, to me is less creative and more of an excuse to put some genitalia on screen. It does, at least, pretend to be educational. I think I rarely get a sense of "cheese" when watching mondo. I did here.  Well, in a way, Dr. Francis B. Gross might even epitomize "cheese".

Both films deal, surprisingly, and quite frankly with homosexuality.  There's even a Perth wedding ceremony, though the minister discretely does not mention the word "wed". That's in "After Dark". In "The ABC", at least in the lesbian scenes, it seems mostly simulated. I guess there's more of an exhibitionist in the male of the species. There is also some heterosexual penetration.

There is an extra interview with the director of these two films, John D. Lamond. He comes off as quite unapologetic for starting his career with such dubious works of art.

No subtitles whatsoever!

Uncompressed PAL DVD9 VIDEO_TS files
