Stereolab - Emperor Tomato Ketchup [1996]


At the heart of Stereolab are the sexy female vocals of French-born Laetitia Sadier and the Sixties-inspired kitschy pop of her native country. Then there is the influence of the minimalist Krautrock of mid-1970s Germany. And finally, there are the American elements of old-style funk and Velvet Underground simplicity. What binds together this United nations of sound on Emperor Tomato Ketchup is clever production - a unique multilayered sound that incorporates various textures (including strings, vocal harmonies, and electronica) with crystal-clear perfection.

NME called the band a "motley crew of English secondhand record dweebs, French political, er lecturers, and instrumental boffins." But the album's broad experimental sound is an indisputably enjoyable adventure. The album opens with its strongest track "Metronomic Underground," in which Sadier repeats the meaningless line "Crazy, sturdy, a torpedo," for most of the eight-minute track while the music underneath her vocals builds Lip from a simple funk groove to a loud and feverish guitarlsynth ending. "Tomorrow Is Already Here" is reminiscent of Nico-era Velvet underground with broad spaces between the guitars and organ.

In many ways, Emperor Tomato Ketchup was an ambitious effort at making forgotten sounds and ideologies contemporary again. And in their own eccentric fashion, Stereolab pull it off to a tee.


Tracks:

01 - Stereolab - Metronomic Underground.flac
02 - Stereolab - Cybele's Reverie.flac
03 - Stereolab - Percolator.flac
04 - Stereolab - Les Yper-Sound.flac
05 - Stereolab - Spark Plug.flac
06 - Stereolab - Olv 26.flac
07 - Stereolab - The Noise Of Carpet.flac
08 - Stereolab - Tomorrow Is Already Here.flac
09 - Stereolab - Emperor Tomato Ketchup.flac
10 - Stereolab - Monstre Sacre.flac
11 - Stereolab - Motoroller Scalatron.flac
12 - Stereolab - Slow Fast Hazel.flac
13 - Stereolab - Anonymous Collective.flac

ƒRipping Log Includedƒ