 Swarm		
Description
 


t
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

POtHS - Holy Treasures - 03 - Jonathan Gray - Dead Men's Secrets + Extras


 
POtHS - Holy Treasures - 03 - Jonathan Gray - Dead Men's Secrets + Extras


POtHS says: AAA+++


Ancient & Suppressed Discoveries with Jonathan Gray

 
I saw this lost city gleaming in the jungle

"I was traveling with a band of native Indians near the headwaters of the Rio Usumacinta. After many days of hard travel, we climbed to the summit of a large ridge along the Sierra cordillera. At a height of 10,000 feet I could look over an immense plain that extended to the south and down to the Gulf of Mexico. From that vantage point I saw a marvellous city that extended over a great area. There were high, white turrets that glistened in the sun."

Lloyd Stephens motioned for his porters to march toward the city. As he said later, "I was extremely excited at the thought of finding a lost metropolis in this dense green jungle."

Not allowed in

"This is as far as a white man may go," an elderly Indian told Stephens. "The people in that city know that white invaders have conquered this land. They murder any white man who enters the city."

"How have they remained undiscovered for so many years?" asked the explorer.

"They have no coins, no livestock, or domestic animals," replied his informant. "The buildings you see are not inhabited. They have left the city and moved underground to save themselves from the white invaders."

"How do they live underground?" asked Stephens. "Without sunlight, they would surely die after a few weeks in a cave."

How they live with no sunlight

The old Indian looked at the explorer with amusement. "There are many secrets in this world," he responded. "These people have known the formula for the great light for thousands of years."


LETTER WRITING: Would you like to know what kind of letters people wrote 2,400 years ago? Would you like to see an actual letter that a scared passenger wrote on board a ship?

MICRO TECHNOLOGY: Did you know that thousands of years ago, was able to manufacture micro-filigree objects from 1.2 inches (3 cm) down to an incredible 0.003 millimeters - something our technology is only now just beginning to achieve?

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS: Were you aware that a reed musical instrument of ancient Greece is virtually the same as one played in the Solomon Islands and the Andes highlands of South America? It has an almost identical structure. Even the pitch is the same.

UNDERSEA TUNNEL: Did Gibraltar's apes really migrate through an undersea tunnel from Africa?

MYSTERY ON MARS: Strange tear-shaped objects recently discovered on Mars were described also by our ancient ancestors? How did they know?

POWER DRILLS: Did you know that Egyptian drills were turning "500 times faster" than modern power drills?

CEMENT TOO STRONG TO BREAK: Have you heard about the cement, as thin as a sheet of tissue paper, that joins the massive stones of the Great Pyramid? And can hold a vertical joint as large as 5 feet by 7 feet in area. The cement is so tough that the limestone blocks will break before the cement gives way. Modern chemists can analyse this cement, but are UNABLE TO PRODUCE IT.

VALLEYS OF POISON: Do you know about the mysterious valleys of poison on Indonesia's island of Java?

LOST AUSTRALIAN CITY: Have you heard of the secret city of Burrungu, which the Australian aborigines claim is hidden in the remote hinterlands of northern Australia? Three white men who have visited its remains reported ruined walls, stone houses, wide courtyards, and stately arches that look down upon statues set along tree-shaded streets.

BOOMERANGS: Were you aware that not only the Australian aborigines, but also ancient races in Arizona, in the Arctic Circle, India, Egypt, Germany, Indonesia, the Pacific and Africa, all used the boomerang?

TAXIS WITH METERS: Have you heard about the 'taxis' complete with automatic meters that were used by the ancient Romans.

EGYPTIAN CAVES IN GRAND CANYON: Did you know that earlier reports of Egyptian mummies and

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                              (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS    
