Multimedia Container Format: MKV (matroska)
File Size: 1,22 GB (1 312 339 917 bytes)
Resolution: 720x384 (1.87:1) 
Video Codec: x264
Audio Codec: AC3 (5.1 channels)
Audio Language: English
Frame rate: 25.00 fps
Source: A 4,36 GB DVDr (PAL) found here on TPB.

External Subtitles: Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Swedish, Norwegian, Portuguese. 

Subtitle format: SRT

Running Time: 02:07:59

*****  RAIN MAN (1988) *****

IMDb User Rating: 8.0/10 (112,183 votes)

Directed by Barry Levinson
Written by Barry Morrow	 (story), Ronald Bass and Barry Morrow (screenplay)

Cast
(Cast overview, first billed only)

	Dustin Hoffman 	... Raymond Babbitt
	Tom Cruise 	... Charlie Babbitt
	Valeria Golino 	... Susanna
	Gerald R. Molen ... Dr. Bruner (as Jerry Molen)
	Jack Murdock 	... John Mooney
	Michael D. Roberts ... Vern
	Ralph Seymour 	... Lenny
	Lucinda Jenney 	... Iris
	Bonnie Hunt 	... Sally Dibbs
	Kim Robillard 	... Small Town Doctor
	Beth Grant 	... Mother at Farm House
	Dolan Dougherty ... Farm House Kid
	Marshall Dougherty ... Farm House Kid
	Patrick Dougherty ... Farm House Kid
	John-Michael Dougherty 	... Farm House Kid 

Plot Summary:

Charles Sanford "Charlie" Babbit is a self-centered Los Angeles-based automobile dealer/hustler/bookie who is at war with his own life. Charlie, as a young teenager, used his father's 1948 Buick convertible without permission and as a result, he went to jail for two days on account that his father reported it stolen. It is then that Charlie learns that his estranged father died and left him from his last will and testament a huge bed of roses and the car while the remainder will of $3 Million goes into a trust fund to be distributed to someone. Charlie seemed pretty angry by this and decides to look into this matter. It seems as if that "someone" is Raymond, Charlie's unknown brother, an autistic savant who lives in a world of his own, resides at the Walbrook Institute. Charlie then kidnaps Raymond and decides to take him on a lust for life trip to the west coast as a threat to get the $3 Million inheritance...