Arcsoft TotalMedia Theatre 5.0.1.113 Final

ArcSoft TotalMedia® Theatre 5 is your all-in-one player for PCs. Whether playing back Blu-ray and DVD discs, AVCHD, or high-definition files on local machines or videos on a UPnP server and online, the program has it covered. With an intuitive and innovative user interface design, excellent playback quality and performance, and industry-leading playback technology, TotalMedia Theatre brings the premium movie experience to your PC.

New and Intuitive User Interface
TotalMedia Theatre 5’s sleek new look features a modern, black-based transparent UI design, intuitive control for easy navigation, and Information Center (the "i" button) to keep you informed with new patches, upgrades and promotions.

Robust 3D Support
TotalMedia Theatre 5 gives you all you need to enjoy 3D movies. Besides the robust support for Blu-ray 3D and native stereo 3D, the program includes our latest 2D to 3D technology – Sim3D™, which allows you to view regular 2D photo slideshows and DVD videos in 3D. Supports various 3D encoded source videos and various 3D TV displays. Intuitive setting options are available so you can enjoy your 3D movies without hassle.

Blu-ray 3D™ movies
Blu-ray 3D™ or BD3D is a new Blu-ray Association standard in which the title is encoded in Multiview Video Coding (MVC) format, an extension of H.264 video format, to create a realistic Stereo 3D viewing.

Sim3D™
3D simulation with our latest in-house technology, Sim3D™, which allows viewing of 2D photo slideshows and DVD movies in 3D. Provide true 3D depth restoration, an algorithm based on scene and motion change, and adjustable depth perception. You may even switch between 2D and 3D in real time.

Native Stereo 3D movies and video files
Native stereo 3D movies and videos include 3D-DVDs, YouTube 3D files, and 3D videos that are encoded in Left/Right, Up/Down, Anaglyph, and more.

Watch movies in 3D
We understand that viewing 3D movies can get tricky at some point, so TotalMedia Theatre provides various setting options to help you view your 3D content correctly.

Advanced SimHD®
ArcSoft SimHD® is our video up-scaling technology, turning standard-definition DVDs and video files into near high-definition ones, offering you a sharper and more vivid picture in real-time. Newly added functions are Dynamic Lighting, which balances the over and under exposed areas for more comfortable viewing; De-noise, to get rid of the noise on images; and Smoothness, for making video playback more smooth. Intense level for each feature is adjustable.

Online Video Playback, Download, and Share
As a universal player, TotalMedia Theatre 5 not only plays movies from your local machine, it also plays online videos and from an UPnP media server. YouTube videos can be played directly inside TotalMedia Theatre UI, with near high-definition quality via SimHD. Share your videos with friends or download to your computer.

Smart Menu™ for DVDs and Video Files
Similar to a Popup Menu for Blu-ray discs, Smart Menu allows you to grab more online movie information, set audio and subtitles; browse, skip chapters with thumbnail view mode; and manage bookmarks without pausing videos.

ArcSoft Virtual Surround Sound and VOBO™ (Volume Booster)
Simulate 2 Channels to 5.1 or 7.1 channel output, for enjoy the true high-definition audio with minimal system usage. Sound can be maximized even when it’s turned to the highest volume.

Experience Surround Sound From 2-channel Audio System
ArcSoft Matrix 6/8 simulates 2-channel audio to 5.1 or 7.1-channel, turning your regular two-speaker system or headphones into a surround environment while watching movies on your PC.

Features
• Blu-ray 3D movie, 3D DVD and native stereo 3D video playback
• Sim3D™ allows you to playback DVDs and videos you already own in 3D
• Advanced SimHD® brings DVD video resolution to near high definition
• Online video download, playback, and share
• Smart Menu™ for easy chapter searching and online information
• Magic View provides an elegant way to browse your media
• Seamless Windows Media Center plug-in
• Includes virtual surround sound

Home Page -http://www.arcsoft.com/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                  
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                 
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
		