Second attempt: edit is at this moment disabled:


This is the most recent Renault Carminat map DVD, version V31.1 2011-2012, compatible with different Renault models from 2005-now (not for TomTom Carminat naviagtion!)

This product features:
- 1,953,566 km of road coverage
- 9,033 points of interest such as petrol stations, airports, hotels and restaurants 
- Improved traffic message coverage 

This disc will automatically update your vehicles navigation system to display an improved menu design with new map display. Simply insert the included CD disc into your system for an instant system update.

This package contains: 1 DVD + system upgrade CD

The upgrade CD will install a new menu option for speed camera GPS localization.

Map DVD contains: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, CzechRepublic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxemburg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland

Instructions:

The torrent contains 2 folders: "CD" and "DVD".

1) Burn all files from folder "CD" in the root of a good quality CDR disc
2) Burn all files from folder "DVD" in the root of a good quality DVD+R Dual layer disc
3)Extremely important: leave the engine running during the complete upgrade process in order to avoid ignition switch off which will potentially cause a system crash!!
5) Wait untill the upgrade process is completely finished (will take several minutes) and follow the instructions on the screen
6) Insert the V31.1 DVD and you will have the latest V31.1 map including speed camera warnings

Tips for burning:
- Use good quality discs.
- Burn at the slowest possible speed
- For the DVD always use dual-layer DVD+R discs, DVD-R will not work in your car

I also works in other Renaults and certain Nissan models.

Just burn the contents of the V31.1 directory onto a DVD+R DL with the following options (UDF/ISO), NO multisession, ISO 9960. Nero recommended. 

It is extremely important to use a high quality disc and burn at the slowest speed possible!

good luck	
