I Already Know Why You Are Here

After reading Neil Strauss' book "The Game" you thought you had just found the holy grail of 

seduction.

You assumed all of your problems with women were finally solved.

You started looking forward to a lifetime of sexual abundance with hot women.

You were so hopeful and excited that you joined online forums, bought countless seduction products 

and spent hundreds of dollars on training.

But as you sit here right now reading this letter, what have your ACTUAL RESULTS with women been so 

far?

(Don't Lie, I Already Know)

Okay, let's be fair and say…decent.

But I think we would both agree that the Bottom Line is…

the HYPE of Pickup was way bigger than what was ACTUALLY delivered to you.

It Gets Much Worse

You also had to sit back and watch as pickup artists became a huge joke in our society. Women were 

calling us out left and right. They knew what we were trying to do. Hell, even Dr. Phil was tooling 

us on TV.

A year ago you would have given anything to be a PUA. But today you cringe thinking about all the 

times you blew it by "negging" every cute girl that was into you.

You weren't having any fun. You were acting and dressing like a weirdo. Pickup was too much work.

It was too loud. Too in your face. Too obvious.

Jump Into 60's Hot Tub Time Machine

Now just imagine for a second that I gave you a copy of "The Game" 5 years before anyone else had 

read it.

Picture a world where you could go out to the bars and use all of the best openers and routines 

without worrying that every other guy was already doing the exact same thing.

Or that women would know you were one of those lame "pickup artists" and laugh in your face.

With that advantage, you would probably be bringing home a new woman every night for years.

And all your friends would be wondering – how the hell did you just do that?

Ah, the good old days.

*

Well That is EXACTLY What I Am Offering You Today

My new system of seduction is so under the radar that women can barely explain what's going on, let 

alone call you out for using it.

And it's going to be a good 10 years before the Average Joe catches on to what we are doing. (If 

ever)

Remember, we originally started this community for us. We don't need celebrity endorsements or 

approval from mainstream society.

And that's why this time I'm keeping all of my best techniques strictly underground.

Rest assured, you won't be seeing my system featured on some stupid reality show anytime soon.

And let's be honest.

The perception right now is that we are just a bunch of nerds. That our techniques don't work. That 

our time has passed.

You may have even noticed that it's become popular to "hate on" and make fun of the seduction 

community.

Well Who's Laughing Now B*tch?


 
http://www.60yearsofchallenge.com/revolution/