Oil painting. The words themselves bring to mind centuries of art. From the masterpieces of the Renaissance to the charming landscapes that you see in a shop on vacation, the rich, glowing colors are fascinating. Oil painting makes it all look like magic. As an artist’s material, it both attracts and intimidates with its possibilities. In this book we set out to introduce you to this enduring medium. We want to give you as much information as we can to make oil painting a part of your life.

Whether you’re trying oils for the very first time or you’re an experienced painter, this book walks you through the ins and outs of oil painting. We cover the basics, and we offer some information for those of you who have pursued this wonderful endeavor for some time.

We include as much information as we can — both in technical matters as well as how to see the world as an artist, as a painter. We know that there are many books on oil painting. What sets this book apart are the step-by-step projects that lead you to the fluent use of color in your paintings. We show you how to depict three-dimensional forms and create dramatic and powerful images. We also include a section that covers design in painting to guide you in the creation of innovative and original artwork. Design is a part of every painting, but we teach you how to hone your natural design instincts for more effective and creative compositions.

Oil paint is the queen of materials for artists. Painting is what you go to see at the museum; it’s what you think of when you hear the word “artist.” But oil painting, with its 500-year history, can be intimidating. We give you as much information as possible to get you off to a great start.

Writing this book follows very closely our philosophy as artists and teachers. We firmly believe that the best way to gain an appreciation for fine art is to share in the experience of art making. Learning to paint gives you firsthand experience into what it means to be an artist. You learn not only to paint but also to see the world as artists do. A whole world of painting will open up to you.
