 http://bayimg.com/pAkBNAADi

Dead-End Drive In (1986) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090915/

Dead End Drive-In is a 1986 science-fiction Ozploitation Film about a teenage couple who become trapped in a drive-in theater which is really a concentration camp for societal rejects who are fed a steady diet of junk food, rock and pop music, and movies. The film was directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith, and stars Ned Manning and Natalie McCurry as the captive couple, and Peter Whitford as the man running the drive in.

 Ned Manning ...  Crabs 
 Natalie McCurry ...  Carmen 
 Peter Whitford ...  Thompson 
 Wilbur Wilde ...  Hazza 
 Dave Gibson ...  Dave 
 Sandie Lillingston ...  Beth 
 Ollie Hall ...  Frank 
 Lyn Collingwood ...  Fay 
 Nikki McWaters ...  Shirl 
 Melissa Davis ...  Norelie 
 Margi Di Ferranti ...  Jill 
 Desirée Smith ...  Tracey 
 Murray Fahey ...  Mickey 
 Jeremy Shadlow ...  Jeff 
 Brett Climo ...  Don 


The song during the rolling credits is "Playing With Fire" by Lisa Edwards. The soundtrack includes pop and rock music of the day performed by bands such as Kids in the Kitchen, Hunters and Collectors. Mad Max 2 stuntman Guy Norris did some of the stunts.

From the look of the film it definitely inspired portions of filmmaker Neil Marshal's tribute to the PA genere of films called Doomsday. There is a slight reference to Dead End Drive-In in Doomsday. The Truck in 'Dead' bounces after a huge crash through the drive-in sign and the black Bentley in "DOOMSDAY" does the exact same kind of impact bounce.

The story that forms the basis for the screenplay was written by Peter Carey, who also wrote the novel and screenplay for the film "Bliss" which was produced in 1985.

Australian director Brian Trenchard-Smith’s career has been a mostly undistinguished one. His earliest genre effort was the dire Turkey Shoot/Escape 2000 (1983). Directorial work on various undistinguished tv series such as the 1988 Mission: Impossible, Time Trax, Silk Stalkings and Flipper followed. In the mid-1990s Trenchard-Smith emigrated to the US where the pitifully bad Night of the Demons 2 (1994) gave him a new course as director of campily bad horror films, with Leprechaun 3 (1995), Leprechaun 4: Leprechaun in Space (1996) and the Christian End of the World film Megiddo (2001) following. Nevertheless there are a couple of bright spots in Brian Trenchard-Smith’s otherwise eminently forgettable career – one of these is the intelligent children’s film Frog Dreaming/The Quest (1986), and the other is Dead-End Drive-In.

Dead-End Drive-In was clearly intended to jump in on the success of the biggest international success Australia had had in some years with Mad Max 2 (1981). And as such it is slick, fast, violent and maintains the cheerful punk cynicism that became the trademark of the better of the Mad Max copycats. It has several irritations, such as the geekish yobbery that most of the Australian actors let pass for performances and an awful synthesizer/pop score.

But beneath the action exterior of Dead-End Drive-In hides a rather witty degree of satire. The idea of the drive-in theatre as a prison is a sharp and potent social metaphor. And the images the film creates of the society within the prison where cars become habitations, the junkfood stand a diner and the Ladies Room a makeshift hairdressing salon are quite remarkable. The great amusement is watching the way in which this society becomes a mirror of the outside world – how the makeshift hairdressing salon becomes a perfect mirror of a real one where the womenfolk gather to gossip, and how with the arrival of a group of Asians racial tensions immediately begin to flare and the inmates start to become defensive about their domain being invaded. Lead thug Dave Gibson has a remarkable little speech about how he prefers it in there because he receives a free supply of drugs and how in the outside world all he faces is unemployment and misery, a moment that really makes one turn around and question the point of hero Ned Manning’s struggle for freedom.



Australian Film Institute 
1986  Nominated AFI Award Best Achievement in Production Design Lawrence Eastwood 
 

Soundtrack:

"Playing with Fire"
Music by Frank Strangio
Lyrics by Eve Dembowski
Performed by Lisa Edwards

"He's Got It"
Written by Ashley Henderson
Performed by Short Circuit
Produced by Trevor Courtney and John French

"Down The Road"
Written by Dave Hogan, Manny Seddon, Nick Gusley, and Mick Barton
Performed by Southern Lightning
Produced by Trevor Courtney and John French

"Shine"
Performed by Kids in the Kitchen

"Current Stand"
Performed by Kids in the Kitchen

"Cynical"
Performed by Kids in the Kitchen

"Small Brave Land"
Performed by The Expression

"Talking to a Stranger"
Performed by Hunters + Collectors

"My Heart's on Fire"
Performed by Machinations

