Description


Polymer
Chemistry - A Practical Approach
(F. J. Davis)

 
http://img8.imageshack.us/img8/3191/polchemcover.jpg



Product Description
- Written by an international group of experts in the field. The book provides a survey of the literature, emphasising
the most useful techniques and reagents.
- In each chapter, step-by-step protocols, essential background
information and key citations in the literature are included
- Topical and less well-known techniques are covered
in a comprehensive but accessible manner for both experts and new comers to the field.

This book has been
designed to appeal to both chemists working in, and new to, the area of polymer synthesis. It contains detailed
instructions for the preparation of a wide-range of polymers by a wide variety of different techniques, and describes
how this synthetic methodology can be applied to the development of new materials. It includes details of
well-established techniques,e.g. chain-growth or step-growth processes together with more up-to-date examples using
methods such as atom-transfer radical polymerisation. Less-well known procedures are also included, e.g. electrochemical
synthesis of conducting polymers and the preparation of liquid crystalline elastomers with highly ordered structures.
Other topics covered include general polymerisation methodology, controlled/'living' polymerisation methods, the
formation of cyclic oligomers during step-growth polymerisation, the synthesis of conducting polymers based on
heterocyclic compounds, dendrimers, the preparation of imprinted polymers
and liquid crystalline polymers. The main
bulk of the text is preceded by an introductory chapter detailing some of the techniques available to the scientist for
the characterisation of polymers, both in terms of their chemical composition and in terms of their properties as
materials. The book is intended not only for the specialist in polymer chemistry, but also for the organic chemist with
little experience who requires a practical introduction to the field. 




1. Polymer characterization

1. Introduction
2. Synthetic routes
to polymers
3. Molecular weight determination
4. Composition and microstructure
5. Optical microscopy
6. Electron microscopy
7. Analytical microscopy
8. Scanning probe microscopy
9. Thermal analysis
10. Molecular relaxation spectroscopy
11. X-ray and neutron scattering methods
12. Conclusions

2.
General procedures in chain-growth polymerization

1. Introduction
2. Free-radical chain
polymerization
3. Anionic polymerization
4. Ring-opening polymerizations initiated by anionic reagents
5.
Coordination polymers
6. Conclusions


3. Controlled/'living' polymerization methods

1.
Introduction
2. Covalent 'living' polymerization: group transfer polymerization
3. Controlled free-radical
polymerizations mediated by nitroxides
4. Controlled free-radical polymerizations: atom transfer free-radical
polymerizations (ATRP) and aqueous ATRP


4. Step-growth polymerization-basics and development of new
materials

1. Introduction
2. The synthesis of an aromatic polyamide
3. Preparation of a main-chain
liquid crystalline poly(ester ether)
with a flexible side-chain
4. Non-periodic crystallization from a
side-chain bearing copolyester
5. A comparison of melt polymerization of an aromatic di-acid
containing an
ethyleneglycol spacer with polymerization in
a solvent and dispersion in an inorganic medium


5. The
formation of cyclic oligomers during step-growth polymerization

1. Introduction
2. Synthesis and
extraction of cyclic oligomers of poly(ether ketone)
3. Synthesis of some sulfone-linked paracyclophanes from
macrocyclic thioethers
4. Summary


6. The synthesis of conducting polymers based on heterocyclic
compounds

1. Introduction
2. Electrochemical synthesis
3. Synthesis of polypyrrole
4.
Synthesis of polyaniline
5. Synthesis of polythiophene
6. Conclusions


7. Some examples of dendrimer
synthesis

1. Introduction
2. Excess reagent method
3. Protection–deprotection method


8. New methodologies in the preparation of imprinted polymers

1. Introduction
2. Sacrificial spacer
approach
3. Preparation of bacteria-imprinted polymers


9. Liquid crystalline polymers

1.
Introduction
2. Synthesis of an acrylate-based liquid crystal polymer
3. The hydrosilylation reaction: a
useful procedure for the
preparation of a variety of side-chain polymers
4. Photochemical preparation of
liquid crystalline elastomers
with a memory of the aligned cholesteric phase
5. Defining permanent memory of
macroscopic global alignment
in liquid crystal elastomers
6. Summary

Index




Polymer
Chemistry - A Practical Approach
Author: F. J. Davis
Publisher: Oxford University Press
Date: 2004
ISBN-13: 978-0198503095
Language: English
Format: PDF
OCR: Yes
No. Pages: 267
Size: 2,67
MB

 

Web Found.
Added bookmarks and the index with the index also made clickable.



Enjoy All!
