S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
SOL: Exodus (c) Seamless Entertainment

25-01-2012........Release Date Protection...............Steam
Wing Commander.......Game Type Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

By the year 2500, Earth had become toxic and unsafe for human life
Pollution and overpopulation had ravaged the planet, forcing humanity
to the stars. Colonies and settlements soon sprung up across the solar
system, but man had not left its thirst for war behind. Then, they
learned their sun was dying, and everything changed. Only when faced
with threat greater than each other did the nations of man finally
come together. The United Colonies of SOL (UCS) was born, its first
and only mission: to locate a new home for mankind, safely beyond the
doomed borders of our solar system

Suit up and take on the role of the Lieutenant Commander, ace fighter
pilot and 2nd in command of the UCS Atlas, as you search for a new
home, battle a mysterious enemy, and rescue humanity from a fiery end

Features:

Experience an action space shooter like no other with Unreal-powered
visuals

Eight epic missions take you across breathtaking landmarks of our solar
system, including Pluto, Neptune, Triton, Uranus, Saturn, and Titan

Utilize the advanced weaponry of your UCS HADES space fighter
including dual gatling guns, tracking missiles and MAG cannon

Engage a variety of enemy fighters, bombers, drones and more as you
protect civilian transports and defend installations from attack

Take down massive capital ships by hacking into them and revealing
their weak points or turning their weapons on one another

Learn the origins of your shadowy foes as the plot unfolds through full
voice-acted dialogue

Replay missions to earn higher ranks and perform heroic actions to earn
upgrade points which can be used to improve your fighter

Top your friends on Steam leaderboards and compare your medals with
dozens of achievements to unlock!

Fully remappable controls support USB gamepads, joysticks, and
mouse/keyboard control schemes

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!