 Chrome 17 beta 17.0.963.26

new version of chrome 17 jus came out
i know its beta but ive been using for a day its incredibaly faster and has less shockwave flash issues, best browser to date ! FAST 

try it 

FULL INSTALLER - even the chrome site jus gives u a online installer not full version thats transferable everywhere and get it FASTER DOWNLOAD!!

Version 17 of Google's popular Chrome browser entered the beta channel on Thursday, packed with an array of new features designed to improve the software's speed and security.

SIMILAR ARTICLES:
Google Releases Chrome 12, Adds Security and 3D
Chrome 13 Renders Pages Before You Click
Chrome, Firefox Experiment With Hidden URL Bars
Google Revamps New-Tab Page in Chrome Web Browser
Google Chrome Tip: Enable AutoFill for Fast and Easy Form Completion
Google Chrome Adds Cloud Print Option, Multiple Profile Support
Perhaps most notable is the fact that Chrome can now start loading some Web pages in the background, even before the user has finished typing the URL into the browser's “Omnibox” search and address bar.

“If the URL auto-completes to a site you’re very likely to visit, Chrome will begin to prerender the page,” explained Google Software Engineer Dominic Hamon in a post yesterday on the Google Chrome Blog. “Prerendering reduces the time between when you hit Enter and when you see your fully-loaded web page--in some cases, the web page appears instantly.”

Scrutinizing Executables

New security features, meanwhile, include improvements to Chrome’s Safe Browsing technology that are designed to help protect users from a wider variety of malware attacks.

Until now, Chrome has focused primarily on protecting against sites that exploit the user's computer without requiring any user interaction, Hamon noted. Today, however, there are a growing number of malicious websites that try to convince the user to download and run harmful files--sometimes even claiming that those files are free anti-virus products, he added.

Accordingly, Chrome 17 is now better able to analyze executable files that the user downloads, including “.exe” and “.msi” files.

'Chrome Will Warn You'

“If a file you download is known to be bad, or is hosted on a website that hosts a relatively high percentage of malicious downloads, Chrome will warn you that the file appears to be malicious and that you should discard it,” Hamon explained.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
check out my other unique cool torrents
american greed season 4
crank yankers season 3
jersey shore season 4
phil hendrie show all years
Perfect Photo Suite 6
Monstercat Dubstep Series
DFX audio enhancer 10 
Kourtney And Kim Take New York
and over 40 gigs of music !
           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/atndigcrk/		

------------------------------------------
My rss Feed : plug into ur utorrent    
http://rss.thepiratebay.org/user/cb7aa30de11cc37b2b717e32c4a92714		