Financial Accounting & Reporting is the most up-to-date text on the market. Now fully updated in its 13th edition, it includes extensive coverage of International Accounting Standards (IASs) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).

This market-leading text offers students a clear, well-structured and comprehensive treatment of the subject. Supported by illustrations and exercises, the book provides a strong balance of theoretical and conceptual coverage. Students using this book will gain the knowledge and skills to help them apply current standards, and critically appraise the underlying concepts and financial reporting methods.

Key features

                      # Combines academic rigour with an engaging and accessible style
                      # Coverage of International Financial Reporting Standards
                      # Illustrations taken from real published accounts
                      # Excellent range of review questions
                      # Numerous exercises, varying in level of difficulty, with solutions where applicable
                      # Extensive references
                      # A section on the Analysis of Accounts
                      # A section on Accountability – includes Corporate Governance issues, Sustainability - environmental and social reporting and Ethics

New features for this edition

                      # Fully updated to May 2009
                      # Updated coverage of International Financial Reporting Standards
                      # Substantial revisions to Analysis of Accounts and Accountability chapters
                      #  Selected chapters include new additional questions and exercises
                      # Includes more examples of extracts from real financial reports
                      # Fully supported by a comprehensive set of multiple choice questions online, covering all parts of the text.


Barry Elliott is a training consultant. He has extensive teaching experience at undergraduate, postgraduate and professional level in China, Hong Kong, New Zealand and Singapore. He has wide experience as an external examiner both in higher education and at all levels of professional education.

Jamie Elliott is a Director with Deloitte & Touche. Prior to this he has lectured at university on undergraduate degree programmes and as an assistant professor on MBA and Executive programmes at the London Business School.
--This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
Product Details

    * Paperback: 897 pages
    * Publisher: Financial Times Management; 14 Pap/Psc edition (December 3, 2010)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 0273744534
    * ISBN-13: 978-0273744535