PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 8EC6E5540281BF055239BE6C12A2C65F4DF19B44
File Size: 278.73 MB
Year: 2010
Label: Atlantic, Custard
Catalog #: 2-526222


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


James Hillier Blount (born 22 February 1974),[1] better known by his stage name James Blunt, is an English singer-songwriter and musician, and former army officer, whose debut album, Back to Bedlam and single releases, including "You're Beautiful" and "Goodbye My Lover", brought him to fame in 2005. His repertoire can be best described as a mix of acoustic-tinged pop, rock and folk. After recording on the independent American label Custard Records, Blunt won two BRIT Awards, two Ivor Novello Awards, and by 2006 was nominated for five Grammy Awards. The following year, he released his second album All the Lost Souls (2007). Blunt's third studio album, Some Kind of Trouble, was released in November 2010.

Blunt was an officer in the Life Guards, a Cavalry regiment of the British Army, and served under NATO in Kosovo during the conflict there in 1999. While posted to Kosovo, Blunt was introduced to the work of Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF or "Doctors Without Borders"). Since then, Blunt has supported MSF by holding meet-and-greet auctions at many of his concerts.[2]

As of 4 October 2009 Blunt's primary residence is on the Spanish island of Ibiza. 







Some Kind of Trouble 2010


Some Kind of Trouble is the third studio album from British singer-songwriter James Blunt. The album was released on November 8, 2010.[2] The album's lead single, "Stay the Night", was released on October 25, 2010.[3] The album was recorded in Blunt's private recording studio in Los Angeles. The album debuted at #4 in the UK with over 100,000 copies sold on the first week and has received mixed reviews from critics.[4] Blunt will promote the album with a new tour, due to start in 2011.


In an interview with Contact Music, Blunt said of the album: "After the last tour, I tried writing at the piano, but I found I was repeating myself, writing sad songs about poor old me. I needed to get away from music for a while. My new songs are more optimistic. One thing I did learn is that your artistic credibility goes out the window when you have a record that big. 'You're Beautiful' meant something to me, but to most people, it's a song they sing when they're drunk."[6] In a interview with Robert Copsey from Digital Spy, Blunt describes the album, saying "It's got a certain innocence to it, which my last album didn't have. It doesn't sound like the current popular electro sound; it sounds like the late 70's / early 80's when the US electric guitar bands came to the UK. What I really like about it is its energy and optimism - it's completely positive." While answering what is his favorite track from the album, he answered "My favourite track is probably 'Turn Me On'."[7]

The album features 12 new songs and was produced by Steve Robson (with additional production from Greg Kurstin, Eg White, Kevin Griffin and Warren Huart). It sees Blunt, capturing a new feeling of spontaneity and freshness summed up by his comment that he sees his first two albums as a pair of book ends - action and reaction. Some Kind Of Trouble, then, is very much the start of a new chapter. The album was recorded largely in London with members of James' touring band.[8] Produced mainly by Steve Robson, key tracks include the bittersweet “These are the Words,” the trenchant, pointed “Superstar” and the infectious “Stay the Night,” a sexy, acoustic guitar driven, party song about “singing ‘Billie Jean’ and mixing vodka and caffeine.” Written by Blunt, Robson, and OneRepublic’s Ryan Tedder, the song also shouts-out to the legendary Bob Marley, referencing the reggae master’s “Is This Love.” In addition to collecting his first (and likely last) co-write with Marley, “Stay the Night” marks the first time Blunt has written with two other songwriters in the same room or started songs from scratch. In addition to Robson, with whom he wrote the majority of the album, Blunt also wrote with The Bird and the Bee’s Greg Kurstin, Kevin Griffin, Wayne Hector and “All the Lost Souls” collaborator Eg White, with whom he wrote the brash “Turn Me On,” which will probably dispel the idea of Blunt as “Mr. Sensitive”. “People expect me to be quite a serious person, who takes life and myself seriously, and that’s not really the case,” he says. “Maybe they’ll see another side in this album?”. The album’s anchor is “No Tears,” an unsentimental ballad about “the summing up of a life,” Blunt says. “There are certain songs along the way that are milestones - that define a writer to themselves. Goodbye My Lover was that song on the first album. Same Mistake was from the second. No Tears is my milestone on this album.”[9]

The album received mainly mixed reviews from music critics. Aggregating website AnyDecentMusic? reports a rating of 3.8 based on seven reviews. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic was positive in his review, rating the album with 3.5/5 stars, saying that "Dispensing with the brooding insularity of 2007’s sophomore affair All the Lost Souls, James Blunt opts for optimism on his third album, 2010’s Some Kind of Trouble". He finished his review, saying "Some Kind of Trouble is a step in the right direction for Blunt, a move toward love songs free of pretension".[20] The Guardian was particulary mean in his review, saying that "Shallow, soulless and strangely cynical, Some Kind of Trouble is a thoroughly depressing listen".[21] A mixed review came from The Independent who went to say that "It's as if he's testing out new directions, future lyrical strategies, but isn't quite prepared to commit whole-heartedly to them just yet." The Daily Telegraph was favorable, saying "Lacking the overwrought intensity of his debut, his third album is buoyed by quirky hooks and simple, thoughtful lyrics." The Evening Standard review said, "There's no world-conquering ballad like You're Beautiful, and no belated attempt to repackage Blunt as hip and cool."[22] The Observer review stated, "New single Stay the Night is a cheery, ramshackle workout reminiscent of David Gray or Natalie Imbruglia and that "These Are the Words" is a particularly fine performance".


Tracks: 

1.	"Stay the Night" (Blunt, Robson, Tedder, Marley) – 3:36
2.	"Dangerous" (Blunt, Robson) – 3:10
3.	"Best Laid Plans" (Blunt, Hector, Robson) – 3:30
4.	"So Far Gone" (Blunt, Robson, Tedder) – 3:34
5.	"No Tears" (Blunt, Hector, Robson) – 3:50
6.	"Superstar" (Blunt, Kurstin) – 3:49
7.	"These Are the Words" (Blunt, Hector, Robson) – 3:23
8.	"Calling Out Your Name" (Blunt, Hector, Robson) – 3:24
9.	"Heart of Gold" (Blunt, Robson) – 3:31
10.	"I'll Be Your Man" (Blunt, Griffin) – 3:37
11.	"If Time Is All I Have" (Blunt, White) – 3:25
12.	"Turn Me On" (Blunt, White) – 2:29





Enjoy :)
