 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099685/

1280 X 720p video resolution at 2280k bitrate, 256k audio DivX HD


18 Subtitles included for the following (UTF-8 text subtitles SRT files)
Bulgarian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, French, Greek, Hungarian, Italian,
Norwegian. Polis, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish

pending : German and Finnish (not available when movie posted - sorry!) 


Goodfellas is a movie about the real thing: The best of men are Italia!
(and German of similar strain) - anyways thats my own view included as
a movie reviewer of note, and Social advocate and Philosphy publisher.

The problem is that sometmes a script doesnt do enopugh justice to a greatest
peoples due to political considerations by those that have something to gain
in keeping genuinely formidable idealistic based competition - down.

The best of men will always have strenght as a core feature of manhood - only
it must engage only with a sense of decency, justice and true right of family
protection  - only then is it greatness, worthy and in fact masculine. Otherwise
its just a jerk putting on a face - and we never taught thay particular way of
existing in Italian culture Im proudest to declare!

God bless the people of Italy and all their closest tied family in all of 
Europe - equally!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo



Note: When we picked up a Sony Bluray player in town, it offered DivX HD 
support too - but no mention of mkv. Of the many models on the shelves, only one
mentioned "mkv player" functionality and it was more than double the price
with no real brand name quality on the particular model.


I dont know what players you are all buying out there today, however I 
do hope to always see DivX HD support as almost all blu-ray players did offer
this a while back when we picked up ours - no sign of any German models
in this town Im sad to say - and the (only Euro model on the shelves) Dutch
model was only a budget priced Bluray-DivX HD unit Im sorry to say.
Holland could own this market too with high end models offerings too!

