-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: The.White.Ribbon.2009.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.33 GiB
Duration: 2h 24mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)

Storyline:

From July, 1913 to the outbreak of World War I, a series of incidents take place in a German village. A horse trips on a wire and throws the rider; 
a woman falls to her death through rotted planks; the local baron's son is hung upside down in a mill; parents slap and bully their children; a man 
is cruel to his long-suffering lover; another sexually abuses his daughter. People disappear. A callow teacher, who courts a nanny in the baron's household, 
narrates the story and tries to investigate the connections among these accidents and crimes. What is foreshadowed? Are the children holy innocents? God may 
be in His heaven, but all is not right with the world; the center cannot hold.

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/white_ribbon/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1149362/

Cast:

Christian Friedel 	... 	The School Teacher 
Ernst Jacobi 	... 	The School Teacher as an Old Man (voice) 
Leonie Benesch 	... 	Eva 
Ulrich Tukur 	... 	The Baron 
Ursina Lardi 	... 	The Baroness 
Fion Mutert 	... 	Sigi 
Michael Kranz 	... 	The Tutor 
Burghart Klaußner 	... 	The Pastor (as Burghart Klaussner) 
Steffi Kühnert 	... 	The Pastor's Wife 
Maria-Victoria Dragus 	... 	Klara 
Leonard Proxauf 	... 	Martin 
Levin Henning 	... 	Adolf 
Johanna Busse 	... 	Margarete 
Thibault Sérié 	... 	Gustav 
Josef Bierbichler 	... 	The Steward

Genre: Drama | Mystery
Director: Michael Haneke
Rating: Rated R for some disturbing content involving violence and sexuality.
Language: German | Italian | Polish (a few words)
Awards: Nominated for 2 Oscars. Another 24 wins & 29 nominations
Original source: The.White.Ribbon.2009.BluRay.720p.x264.DTS-WiKi

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 150 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 10.9 Mbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.102

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 163 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 431 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.