              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


   Gratuitous Space Battles v1.50 incl The Tribe The Order The Swarm The Nom
                   ads and Galactic Conquest Expansions RIP                 
 



   Release Date  :  04/12/2010                Protection  :  Serial
   Release Type  :  RIP 21x5.00MB             Company     :  Positech
 


   Release Notes:

   Gratuitous Space Battles is a unique strategy game where you play the    
   role of supreme commander of a vast fleets of spaceships, battling       
   against AI controlled or player-designed enemy fleets. GSB is not a      
   conventional strategy game, but more of an RTS/Tower Defense hybrid,     
   where you design the ships, position the fleet, issue pre-battle orders  
   and then sit back and watch the explosive galactic mayhem take place.    
   Did you include enough fusion beams on your capital ships? Maybe you     
   should have assigned some fighters to escort those ships in the middle   
   of the fleet? GSBalso allows you to challenge other players by           
   uploading your best fleets to serve as their opposition, in a massively  
   single-player galactic smorgasbord of laser-death!                       
                                                                            
   Design your spaceships from a large range of interchangeable weapons,    
   defenses and other components                                            
                                                                            
   Some of the most gratuitous visual effects you will have seen in a 2D    
   game                                                                     
                                                                            
   Unique online challenge system lets you prove who is a better            
   admiral, you or your friends...                                          
                                                                            
   Sprawling battles with hundreds of ships let you slow down time and      
   freeze frame to work out exactly why the SS indestructible failed to     
   live up to its name!                                                     
                                                                            
   Includes Gratuitous Space Battles plus The Nomads, The Order, The Swarm, 
   The Tribes and the brand new expansion called Galactic Conquest.         
                                                                            
   ---------------------------                                              
                                                                            
   Galactic conquest is the campaign meta-game add-on for gratuitous        
   space battles. The campaign 'wraps-around' the battles, so they are no   
   longer isolated clashes, but merely engagements in an ongoing            
   galaxy-conquering campaign. When you decide to move one of your space    
   fleets to an enemy-controlled planet, a normal GSB battle takes place,   
   and the winner takes control of that system. This radically changes      
   the tactics of the game. No longer can you design ships specifically     
   to fight a single enemy fleet, but you are forced to think ahead, to     
   design multi-role ships and fleets that can take on all comers.          
                                                                            
   Mid-battle fleet-wide 'retreat' option                                   
                                                                            
   Post-battle repairs                                                      
                                                                            
   You can scrap ships to reclaim the crew and a part of the                
   construction cost                                                        
                                                                            
   Shipyards, in 3 different sizes                                          
                                                                            
   Factories produce cash, academies produce crew                           
                                                                            
   Repair yards fix your ships after battle                                 
                                                                            
   Enemy ships can be captured once victory is declared                     
                                                                            
   Loyalty and threat levels modelled for each of your worlds               
                                                                            
   Attack and move fleets between systems only through established          
   hyperspace wormholes                                                     
                                                                            
   Three difficulty settings, to suit all levels of playe                   
                                                                            
   New campaign-specific manual to instruct would-be galactic conquerors    
                                                                            
   New campaign music                                                       
                                                                            
   Massively singleplayer' feature pits you against fleets designed by      
   other players                                                            
                                                                            
   Lots of new background graphics and planets to fight over                
                                                                            
   Spatial anomalies force you to fight some battles in adverse             
   conditions, or with limited ship choices                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 



   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-gsbe.exe                                       
   3. Start game with GSB.exe                                               
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            
 



     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 





                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "    


Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/gabmgaadc.jpg
 
http://image.bayimg.com/gabmfaadc.jpg
