I\\\\\\\'m putting this on here because I believe that everyone needs to become aware of this, so you can say that you predicted this in advance and you weren\\\\\\\'t snooky stupid, like so many of the sheeple were. 

tl:dr version, the world is fucked, prepare yourself now. 

Note: To fully appreciate the fine art, illustrations and magazine quality of this Trends Journal, if possible, please print it out in color*


20 April 2011

Dear Subscriber,

“The 1st Great War of the 21st Century” has begun. 

As you may recall, our 44-page Winter Trends Journal was a celebratory 20th Anniversary Special edition. We had no intention of producing another 44-page issue for the Spring.
However, as the Middle East and North Africa imploded and the US/UN/NATO bombed Libya (under the guise of “humanitarian assistance”), trend-shaking events have piled up and compounded to such an extent that analyzing and forecasting from them called for another equally comprehensive issue. Anything less would have short-changed our subscribers.

In my 30-plus years of trend forecasting, I have never witnessed such an overwhelming barrage of world-changing events, nor have I ever been more concerned about their implications. With each new week, a new war unfurls. A “Level 7,” Chernobyl-grade nuclear meltdown is being battled in Japan, with no real end in sight. More failing European nations are being bailed out, while others face default as the dollar dives and the United States risks losing its AAA credit rating.

Most Trends Journal readers want hard, cold, un-sugar-coated facts and forecasts, just as we deliver them. There are some subscribers, however, who despite the undeniable facts would like to see a rosier analysis. One correspondent writes, “We co-create our reality and those who buy into the fear porn will create just that; negative, chaotic experiences,” and she asks why we can’t accentuate the positive and downplay the negative? 

With all due regard for the honesty of the sentiment expressed, I played no part in co-creating the scores of wars raging on Planet Earth. No negative thought of mine co-created the Fukushima nuclear meltdown, and I have never been a member of the Wall Street White Shoe Boyz Club or the Republican/Democratic Mafia who’ve robbed the people and the nation of its wealth. Nothing I have ever said or written has contributed to those developments.

We at the Trends Journal read and research extensively and our forecasts are based not on what we “hope” to see but, rather, on what we do see! Those who see things differently are welcome to their vision. Our oft-repeated motto is, “Think for Yourself.”

SURVIVORS GUIDE

As both a trend forecaster and Close Combat martial artist, “Think for Yourself” is my key to both business success and personal survival. In the case of survival there is no better example than 9/11. 

After the first plane struck the North Tower of The World Trade Center, the message broadcast over the P.A. system to panicked workers in the South Tower by an anonymous voice of authority was, “Go back to your offices. The fire marshals said the fire in the North Tower is under control.”

Of the 130 calls made to emergency operators from people in the Trade Center, only 2 callers were told to flee. “Just sit tight. Just sit tight. We’re on the way,” was the advice given to panic-stricken victims by panic-stricken operators.

Our message advises you to put yourself in emergency mode. There are no set patterns, formulas or rule books to follow. More than likely, no one will be coming to the rescue: you’ll be on your own and you’ll have to “think for yourself.” The 1st Great War of the 21st Century has begun. It could be set off in a single, definitive, Pearl Harbor moment or it could be a series of escalating violent events that lead to an undeclared, but global, state of war.

Given the western world’s pro-war sentiments, the policy decisions of its politicians and the wide support from otherwise disparate right/left factions (German Greens, French New-Anti-Capitalists, British Labour and US neocons united with US liberals), peace is not a detectable trend.

Sincerely

Gerald Celente

P.S. In this issue we welcome spectacular artistic contributions by Eugene Gregan and Anthony Freda. Gregan’s subtle boldness, contrasted by Freda’s bold subtlety provide a visual counterpart to the Gerald Celente/John Anthony West literary collaboration. The Trends Journal has evolved into a publication we regard as an embodiment of the Renaissance spirit.

*For those who receive only the online edition, we suggest you consider upgrading your subscription to the full color, print magazine edition. This Spring issue is, and those to follow will be, unique historical documents featuring powerful, original supporting artwork. 
The Trends Journal is worth archiving and preserving for future reference. When the future becomes the present, only the Trends Journal will provide readers with a blow-by-blow, event-by-event portrait of how it got that way. 

