Sorry for the caps, it's just that this CD is filled with awesomeness. I recently purchased the new Used CD, Saosin CD, and Muse CD. Since I enjoyed all of their previous albums, I have been disappointed by each one, especially the new Used CD - Artwork, since they are my favorite band. 

Anyways, I thought I would try something new. After reviewing this month's AP magazine featuring Paramore, I stumbled upon this new CD Asking Alexandria, I heard a few samples on Amazon, then I decided to pick up the CD at Hot Topic. 

Man...I haven't been happy with a CD purchase in months! This whole album is amazing, it's so unique, I haven't heard anyone like them. 

What makes them unique is their vocals, and they add a lot of different sounds to their tracks, it's not some repetitive sound like many emo/screamo/metal bands. 

For instance, their songs may have the deep demonic sounding gurgling vocals, then will jump to the scream at the top of your lungs vocals, then the song will jump into the harmonious emo soft vocals, then jump back into the screams. 

They even have tracks that include a lot of techno/electronica! Techno mixed with screamo, that is an amazing combo, I love it! I wish more bands did this...on second thought...no I don't, because then other bands would just be copying Asking Alexandria, that is why they are unique. 

Track 1 has an example of the techno/guitar riffs. Then track 6 is a electronic type of song; tracks 11, 12 and 13 also includes some electronica. There are probably more, I am still listening to the CD as I am typing this review! 

Tracks 6,7,8,9 and 11 are my favorites. The bass hits are incredible on my 2 10" subs. Buy this CD now!

by Gabe L.

TRACKLIST:

01 - Alerion.wma                                                                     
02 - Final Episode (Let's Change The Channel).wma                                    
03 - A Candlelit Dinner With Inamorta.wma                                            
04 - Nobody Don't Dance No More.wma                                                  
05 - Hey There Mr. Brooks (Featuring Shawn Milke Of Alesana).wma                     
06 - Hiatus.wma                                                                      
07 - If You Can't Ride Two Horses At Once... You Should Get Out Of The Circus.wma    
08 - A Single Moment Of Sincerity.wma                                                
09 - Not The American Average.wma                                                    
10 - I Used To Have A Best Friend (But Then He Gave Me An STD).wma                   
11 - A Prophecy.wma                                                                  
12 - I Was Once, Possibly, Maybe, Perhaps A Cowboy King.wma                          
13 - When Everyday's The Weekend.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

Follow me On Facebook Pages: MarcelodrgzTPB
