Trans-Siberian Orchestra - Christmas Eve and Other Stories [MP3 320kbps][Nautilus-BT]
Join www.nautilus-bt.org

[img]http://img232.imageshack.us/img232/6809/tsoceos.jpg[/img]

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra (often abbreviated to TSO) is a progressive rock band founded in 1993 by producer, composer, and lyricist Paul O'Neill, who brought together Jon Oliva and Al Pitrelli (both members of Savatage) and keyboardist and co-producer Robert Kinkel to form the core of the creative team. The band's musical style incorporates classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into hard rock and heavy metal. The orchestra is most famous for their Christmas-themed series of rock operas (Christmas Eve and Other Stories, The Christmas Attic, and The Lost Christmas Eve), for which they do an annual winter tour. Their other releases are based on historical themes (Beethoven's Last Night and Night Castle). Trans-Siberian Orchestra is also known for their extensive charity work and elaborate concerts, which are complete with a full orchestra, a massive light show, lasers, dozens of pyrotechnics, moving trusses, video screens, and other effects that are synchronized to the actual music.

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra is known for their incorporation of classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into rock and heavy metal music. They are listed under many genres, but mostly symphonic rock, progressive rock, neo-classical metal, and classical music. Three of their albums – Christmas Eve and Other Stories (1996), The Christmas Attic (1998 ), The Lost Christmas Eve (2004) – are based around Christmas themes. These rock operas, collectively known as the "Christmas trilogy," remain their best-selling and most famous works.

Both in the recording studio and live, Trans-Siberian Orchestra uses a full orchestra, choirs, and a constantly growing and changing group of singers and musicians. It was founded and is produced and led by head composer and lyricist Paul O'Neill, alongside composer and vocalist Jon Oliva and guitarist and music director Al Pitrelli (both members of the progressive metal band Savatage), with co-producer, composer, and keyboardist Robert Kinkel.

Christmas Eve and Other Stories is an album of Christmas carols by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra. This album, a rock opera, takes familiar carols and adds to them the rock influence for which the Trans-Siberian Orchestra is known. The album contains a mix of vocal and instrumental songs. The primary musicians on the album are from the heavy metal band Savatage, and the producer of the album, Paul O'Neill, is Savatage's long-time producer. Jon Oliva, one of the principle songwriters on the album, is a songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and original vocalist in Savatage.

As of December 5, 2008, Christmas Eve and Other Stores was the tenth best-selling Christmas/holiday album in the United States during the Nielsen/SoundScan era of music sales tracking (1991-present), with sales of at least 2,821,000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.

On November 18, 2004, Christmas Eve and Other Stores was certified Double Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipment of two million copies in the United States.[/spoiler]


TrackList

01 - An Angel Came Down
02 - O Come All Ye Faithful/O Holy Night
03 - A Star To Follow
04 - First Snow
05 - The Silent Nutcracker
06 - A Mad Russian's Christmas
07 - The Prince Of Peace
08 - Christmas Eve/Sarajevo 12/24
09 - Good King Joy
10 - Ornament
11 - The First Noel
12 - Old City Bar
13 - Promises To Keep
14 - This Christmas Day
15 - An Angel Returned
16 - O Holy Night
17 - God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen

----------------------------------------------

Formato                          : MPEG Audio
Versione del formato             : Version 1
Profilo del formato              : Layer 3
Modalità                         : Costante
BitRate                          : 320 Kbps
Canali                           : 2 canali
SamplingRate                     : 44,1 KHz

----------------------------------------------




Join www.nautilus-bt.org