Quote http://www.nomoreroominhell.com/ :

NMRiH Beta 1.0 Release
My name is Matt Kazan, most of you know me as Maxx. I joined the No More Room in Hell team in 2004 shortly after the release of Half-Life 2. I saw the mod evolve over time and and I watched as it went through many different iterations and hardships (4554). In January 2009 InzaneFlea and I were given control of the project from its founder Coleman Sweeney, and from scratch our dedicated team undertook the task of seeing it through to finally making a public release.

We have all worked hard and we’re proud of what we’ve done. The amount of work everyone on the team has put in has not gone unnoticed and the efforts in all departments have truly paid off, but it isn’t finished yet. We hope that you will enjoy the game and give us your feedback to help us make it the best that we can. We’ve even created this handy email for submitting bug reports: nomoreroominhelp@gmail.com

Ladies and gentlemen, as project manager it is my pleasure to present No More Room in Hell. 

Getting Started
For new players it is recommended that you check out our NMRiH Wiki [ http://www.nomoreroominhell.com/nmrihwiki/index.php?title=Main_Page ] to read the Beginner’s Guide plus info on weapons and items and more. It will explain the basic gameplay mechanics and controls for NMRiH. It also includes tutorials for our custom entities in our FGD for those looking to create custom maps.

Just remember that this is NOT a final or finished product! NMRiH is still very much a work in progress. There are many planned features, maps and the Survival game mode which will be added in time. We are always looking for bugs and feedback on the game, visit our forums and let us know of your experiences while playing!


Special Thanks!
I’d like to give a big thanks and a shoutout to all of the people past and present who have committed their valuable time to No More Room in Hell over the years. We wouldn’t have gotten this far without all of your many contributions big and small! There have been dozens of people from all over the world who have contributed to NMRiH in many different ways and much of their work and influence can still be found in the game!

I’d also like to thank RawCG for providing our dedicated servers for testing during our long development, and for providing us with the first six Official NMRiH Dedicated servers for public use!








Enjoy this game and seed please!