Download the Software (Anti Tracks 7.5.1) latest release from: http://www.giantmatrix.com/download/

Install & use one of the seiral provided in my Torrent 
No worries; clean & safe install as usual

Enjoy, Seed & show your valuable comments ;-) 

Anti Tracks is your complete solution for protecting your privacy, sensitive data, online identity and maintaining the integrity of your computer! With a set of tools including tracks eraser, file locker, file hider, IP concealer, junk and duplicate files cleaner you can rest assured your computer is safe, protected and performing in peak condition!


◦Eliminate all your browser's history securely and quickly and prevent prying eyes from tracking your surfing habits!
◦Erase your Windows usage history and tracks...and keep your Windows usage history away from prying eyes
◦Give your system an energy boost and enjoy your computer's performing like new just like the day you bought it with just a few simple mouse clicks!
◦Lock your important files, photos, videos, financial information, passwords, personal files and folders using the world's most sophisticated encryption algorithms!
◦Lock important files, financial information, passwords, personal files and folders inside photos and audio files. Photos and audio files used to hide your important data will appear as regular photos and audio files to any user
◦Schedule erasing your tracks when your browser shuts down, on Windows startup or shutdown, and/or at specific time intervals!
◦Eliminate all previously erased data from your hard drive easily and securely, so it can't be recovered even with the best present-day technology on the market!
◦Clean your email app of junk, spam and obsolete emails!
◦Safeguard your computer IP address and surf the web in total stealth mode!
◦Decide what applications to run each time your Windows starts and stop unwanted applications from running at startup, slowing down your computer startup, and impairing overall system performance!
◦Securely erase sensitive files, using the world's most advanced file shredding algorithms that meet and exceed government file shredding standards!
◦Adobe Photoshop, Windows media player, WinZip...you name it and Anti Tracks will erase your usage history and keep it private!
◦Protect your browser's home page from being tampered with by malicious websites!
◦Scan and clean your computer from junk and obsolete files that hinder system performance and waste valuable hard disk space!
◦Scan and clean your computer from "dead end" and broken shortcuts with Shortcut Repair!
◦Scan your computer for unwanted duplicate files, photos, music, and videos and instantly free up that wasted disk space!
◦Password Protection keeps your settings from being viewed or tampered with by anyone...anytime