Diskeeper 2011 Enterprise Server 15.0.963.0 x86/x64

New Diskeeper® performance software 2010 will make your PC(s) faster, more efficient, more reliable and last longer. And use less electricity too! How? All computers suffer from fragmentation – where files are broken up and scattered all across your disk drives. This makes it take longer to read, write and save files. Plus since your PC is working harder than it needs to, more wear and tear occurs. Diskeeper with new IntelliWrite™ fragmentation prevention resolves this by preventing up to 85% of all fragmentation from happening in the first place. Any remaining fragmentation is quickly eliminated in real time thanks to Diskeeper’s InvisiTasking® technology. With new Diskeeper 2010 your computers simply run better than new all the time! Your computers will run faster with Diskeeper 2010 installed. You’ll enjoy using every aspect of your system—from downloading to accessing files to surfing the web with greater ease and efficiency.
Leave hang-times, freeze-ups and other fragmentation-based crashes in the dust.

File fragmentation on your computer’s hard drive is one of the most basic reasons for slows, hangs, crashes and system errors. Left alone, it will bring your computer to a halt. Fragmentation is continual and with the number of today’s applications, peripherals, and file sizes, it accumulates hourly. No manual defragmenter will prevent this. Diskeeper 2010 is the only defragmenter ever built that defragments in real time without requiring a schedule. Your computer will run faster with Diskeeper 2010 installed - period.

Available in Diskeeper 2010, InvisiTasking provides up-to-the-moment defragmentation without tapping into active system resources. The result: completely invisible yet robust automatic defragmentation that acts in real time to keep your computer running at maximum performance.

InvisiTasking® technology offers true transparent, background processing technology allows Diskeeper 2010 to defragment your computer in real-time, completely eliminating the need for cumbersome maintenance operations. Free up gridlocked resources and let your computer hum along at peak performance. Diskeeper 2010 Professional enhances the reliability and performance of your computer—automatically!

Diskeeper 2010 I-FAAST® file optimization technology accelerates file access times to meet the heavy workloads of file-intensive applications. Utilizing a specially formulated technology, I-FAAST closely monitors file usage and organizes the most commonly accessed files for the fastest possible access, boosting file access and creation to speeds above and beyond the capabilities of your system when it was new, up to 80% faster.

High-power computer systems require high power-defragmentation engines. Only Diskeeper 2010 includes the advanced technology necessary to eliminate large volume fragmentation found on big and busy computers. The remarkable Terabyte Volume Engine™ (TVE) technology. TVE is the only defrag technology with the necessary horsepower to eliminate the rapid fragmentation build-up that occurs in high-traffic volumes that handles millions of files.
TVE was initially developed for the highest capacity servers but has now also become essential for the high end power user. Large databases, CAD programs -- Diskeeper 2010 handles the biggest jobs fast and thoroughly. The greater the number of files and fragments on a volume, the more dramatic TVE's benefits will be. Nothing compares to TVE's ability to eliminate enterprise level fragmentation. In a class of its own, TVE makes real-time power computer defragmentation a fact.

Diskeeper 2010 Professional FEATURES:
• New! IntelliWrite™ fragmentation prevention technology. IntelliWrite prevents up to 85% of the fragmentation every system suffers from. It intelligently writes contiguous files to the disk so system resources are not wasted creating fragmentation. The results? A whole new level of system speed and efficiency beyond what can be achieved with defragmentation alone.
• InvisiTasking® technology —Available in Diskeeper 2010, InvisiTasking provides up-to-the-moment defragmentation without tapping into active system resources. The result: completely invisible yet robust automatic defragmentation that acts in real time to keep your computer running at maximum performance.
• Real-time defragmentation —Handle fragmentation as it occurs, providing maximum speed and performance at all times!
• Uncompromising file and free space defragmentation —Defragment in the most extreme hard drive environments. Diskeeper 2010 eliminates fragmentation even on disks with as little as 1% free space or files split in millions of fragments.
• "Defragmentation Intelligence" enhancements —Diskeeper monitors and analyzes each drive, then chooses a defragmentation strategy specific to the needs of that drive. Every drive is defragmented using the best method possible.
• I-FAAST® 2.0 (Intelligent File Access Acceleration Sequencing Technology) automatically boosts access speeds for the most commonly used files.
• Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) Compatibility mode —Diskeeper works intimately with the automatic backup system already on your PC. VSS compatibility mode means Diskeeper does not damage your ability to recover lost files and does not take up valuable free space with necessary file information.
• Automatic online directory consolidation boosts antivirus scans and back-up speed.
• Native 64 bit operating systems support.
• BOOT-TIME MODE safely performs Microsoft® recommended defragmentation of critical system files.
• Network Management Support —control Diskeeper settings and functionality via Diskeeper Administrator edition or Group Policy.





-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                         
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1250+ torrents                                                         
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	