Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Loveless is the second studio album by alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine. Released on 4 November 1991, Loveless was recorded over a two-year period between 1989 and 1991 in nineteen recording studios. Lead vocalist and guitarist Kevin Shields dominated the recording process; he sought to achieve a particular sound for the record, making use of various techniques such as guitars strummed with a tremolo bar, sampled drum loops, and obscured vocals. A large number of engineers were hired and fired during the process, although the band finally gave credit on the album sleeve to anyone who was present during the recordings, "even if all they did was make tea", according to Shields. The recording of Loveless is rumoured to have cost £250,000, a figure that came close to bankrupting the band's record label Creation Records.

My Bloody Valentine's relationship with Creation Records deteriorated during the album's recording, and the band was removed from the label after the record's release due to the difficulty and expense of working with Shields. While Loveless did not achieve great commercial success, the album was well received by critics. Widely regarded as a landmark work of the shoegazing genre, the record has been cited as an influence to several artists, and by critics as one of the best albums of the 1990s.

My Bloody Valentine are an alternative rock band formed in Dublin, Ireland in 1983. The band's founding members are guitarist/singer Kevin Shields and drummer Colm Ó Cíosóig. The lineup during the band's late 80s/early 90s heyday included singer-guitarist Bilinda Butcher and bassist Debbie Googe after the band settled in London.

As My Bloody Valentine's music progressed, their use of distortion, pitch bending, and digital reverb resulted in a sound that came to be known as shoegazing. The group's 1991 critically acclaimed album Loveless took two years to make mostly due to funding problems. Following Loveless, My Bloody Valentine became inactive, with Shields recording and shelving several albums' worth of follow-up material. In 2007, Shields announced that the band had reunited and were recording new material. The name of the band is derived from the 1981 horror film of the same name. 

Colm Ó Cíosóig and Kevin Shields met in the late 1970s as teenagers in Dublin. They quickly became friends and joined a local punk rock band named The Complex. Toward the end of 1983, Shields and O'Ciosoig formed their own band with singer Dave Conway. Conway, who went by the stage name Dave Stelfox, suggested names such as Burning Peacocks before they settled on My Bloody Valentine. The band was completed by Conway's girlfriend Tina, who played keyboards.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/