              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                           Razor2: Hidden Skies RIP                         
 



   Release Date  :  15/09/2010                Protection  :  Steam
   Release Type  :  RIP 38x5.00MB             Company     :  Invent4 Entertainment
 



   Release Notes:

   Razor2: Hidden Skies Razor2: Hidden Skies is a top view shooter. The     
   game has the style of successful classic arcade games, while using the   
   latest technology to create great visuals and effects. An old-school     
   game with all new technology. Razor2 has easy gameplay, while            
   challenging your skills with hundreds of enemies and bullets             
   threatening you all the time. The soundtrack is another great feature,   
   Razor2 uses classic orchestrated music, composed especially for the      
   game.                                                                    
                                                                            
   Razor2 includes ten achievements and world records. Do your best, and    
   place your name on the best players ranking. Play hard to win titles     
   such as the Destructor, shooting down 4000 enemies, or the "almost       
   impossible" Ace Pilot, completing the game without using any continues.  
                                                                            
   Shoot them up (shmup)                                                    
                                                                            
   Eight levels                                                             
                                                                            
   Fifty different enemy waves                                              
                                                                            
   Incredible Boss fights                                                   
                                                                            
   Weapons and equipment upgrades                                           
                                                                            
   Three difficulty levels                                                  
                                                                            
   World and local Records                                                  
                                                                            
   Ten medals and achievements                                              
                                                                            
   Great graphics, art and shaders                                          
                                                                            
   Easy and amazing gameplay                                                
                                                                            
   Awesome orchestrated music                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 



   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-r2hs.exe                                       
   3. Start game with Starter.exe or razor.exe                              
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
                                                                            
 




     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 



                            " Prepare to be Unleashed! "


Screenshot:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/dabnfaadc.jpg  

