Boilsoft Video Cutter is a perfect video cutting software to cut video files into several segments easily and quickly. Boilsoft Video Cutter cuts all popular formats video, it works as an AVI video cutter, MPEG video cutter, VOB video cutter, WMV video cutter, ASF video cutter, RM video cutter, RMVB video cutter, 3GP video cutter and MP4 video cutter. Our Video Cutter cuts video faster and more efficient because its unique video cutting technique - without re-encoding process. Using Direct Stream Copy Technology, the target file's quality is the same with the source video file. 

Boilsoft Video Cutter is easy and convinient to cut your favorite video files. Previewing before the video cutting is supported. Video can be cut accurately by setting the start point and the end point. It is a handy, easy and fast Video Cutter! 

AVI video cutter, MPEG video cutter, VOB video cutter, WMV video cutter, ASF video cutter, RM video cutter, RMVB video cutter, 3GP video cutter and MP4 video cutter all-in-one!   

Functions:

An all-in-one video cutter, including AVI video cutter, MPEG video cutter, VOB video cutter, WMV video cutter, ASF video cutter, RM video cutter, RMVB video cutter, 3GP video cutter and MP4 video cutter. 
Without installing avi codec, the AVI files can be also cut in Direct Mode! 

AVI Video Cutter, Supports AVI, DivX, Xvid fomat video cutting. 
Windows Media Cutter, Supports WMV, ASF, WMA fomat video cutting. 
RealMedia Cutter, Supports rm, rmvb fomat video cutting. 
MP4 Video Cutter, Supports mp4 fomat video cutting. 
3GP Video Cutter, Supports 3gp, 3g2 fomat video cutting. 
MPEG Video Cutter, Supports mpeg, mpg, mpeg-1, mpeg-2 format video cutting. 
VOB Video Cutter, Supports vob file video cutting. 
Cut video without re-enconding process.

Features:

All-in-one video cutter, including AVI video cutter, MP4 video cutter, MPEG video cutter, WMV video cutter, RM video cutter,3GP video cutter.

Without installing avi codec, the AVI files can be also cut in Direct Mode! 
An Easy to use video cutter. Beginner friendly, simple control panel, easy for anyone to cut video with. 
Fast cutting speed
Our Video Cutter has a faster processing speed than other similar produts in the market. Using a unique technology,it only takes 1/3 time to cut a video compared with normal video cutters. 

Video quality is the same with the source video after cutting process.
File format will be retained after the cutting process, as well as the video quality. 


Tutorial

install and register with serial. close and re-start software