Artist: Matt Schofield
Album: Anything But Time
Bitrate: 253kbps avg
Quality: EAC Secure Mode / LAME 3.98.4 / -V0 / 44.100Khz
Label: Nugene Records
Genre: Rock
Size: 95.49 megs
PlayTime: 0h 49min 52sec total
Rip Date: 2011-06-26
Store Date: 2011-06-14

Track List:
--------
01. Anything But Time                3:38
02. See Me Through                   6:51
03. At Times We Do Forget            5:41
04. Shipwrecked                      5:02
05. Dreaming Of You                  4:52
06. Wrapped Up In Love               3:43
07. Where Do I Have To Stand         7:00
08. One Look (And I'm Hooked)        4:17
09. Don't Know What I'd Do           4:11
10. Share Our Smile Again            4:37

Release Notes:
--------
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it" might sound like faint praise for a musician,
but in U.K. guitarist Matt Schofield's case, it's a compliment. Also, some
things have changed since his last studio release two years ago. He recorded
this one in New Orleans with veteran producer John Porter and brought in
ex-Robert Cray drummer Kevin Hayes. Still, his alternately breezy/stinging blues
flecked with a swinging jazz groove stays the same. Big Easy mainstay Jon Cleary
-- who also made the trek from the U.K. to New Orleans, where he now resides --
contributes to a few tracks, but otherwise it's business as usual with Schofield
tearing into fluid, biting guitar lines and wrapping far-better-than-average
originals around his emotional yet boyish voice. He brings the ballad side of
Jimi Hendrix -- think "Little Wing," "Angel," and "May This be Love" -- to his
own "Dreaming of You," and writes a terrific slow burner in the seven-minute
"Where Do I Have to Stand." He's a compelling guitarist, as is shown in the
gradual intensity he brings to the two leads in that song which build to a fiery
climax, but it's his imaginatively arranged, sharply written songs and
distinctive vocals that put him so far ahead of the pack of fellow contemporary
singing guitar slingers. Albert King's "Wrapped Up in Love" gets a wonderfully
funky workout, helped immensely by Hayes' backbeat, and Steve Winwood's "At
Times We Do Forget," an obscure track salvaged from Winwood's under-the-radar
2008 release Nine Lives, is Schofield's first stab at covering a relatively
current tune. Deep-fried New Orleans funk seeps into "One Look (And I'm
Hooked)," which finds the singer/guitarist digging into a rare baritone vocal to
push the song into dark, swampy territory. It's given extra heft by longtime
cohort Johnny Henderson's organ, and keyboard-bass work that is so much a part
of Schofield's sound. Porter adds spacious and crisp audio that jumps out of the
speakers, making even musty shuffles such as "Don't Know What I'd Do" connect
with a freshness and snappy energy rarely captured in the studio. Only the
stereotypical slow blues of "See Me Through," a perfectly fine "Stormy
Monday"-influenced grinder, seems to be added just to establish Schofield as an
old-school-influenced bluesman, something he can pull off perfectly well, but
which doesn't utilize the songwriting strengths that make the rest of this
superb album so rewarding.
