Category 	All Sex, Anal
Starring 	Roxy, Misty, Tamara, Nikki Rider, Sandy Style, Tina Ray, Aisha San, Lauro Giotto, Mugur, Bruno, Frank Gun, James Brossman, Nick Lang

Director Raul Cristian's Cruel Media brings hard-edged European filth to the Buttman Magazine Choice label with an all-out Anal Attack. Pretty, submissive asses get splayed, reamed and displayed for your pleasure by Raul's "Cruel Cock Mafia" ...    Full Descriptionin six vividly shot scenes. Green-eyed Nikki Rider's hot legs look especially alluring as she teases in spike heels. Two aroused studs change the emphasis from legs to ass and from teasing to manhandling. She kneels between their cocks and sucks, then gets her pussy and asshole drilled. The action culminates with a double-penetration in which she's lifted bodily as the dicks simultaneously plow her holes; for the climax, she plays with and then swallows the two loads ejaculated into her mouth. Hot, dirty blonde Misty's killer smile and stiletto heels signal that she's hot for cock, and this brown-eyed, natural-bodied tart likes all her holes serviced. She strips and takes anal beads first in her ass, then in her slutty mouth. Two accommodating dudes fuck her face, then her pussy till it gapes widely. They fuck her hard and issue a double-penetration reaming that leaves her mouth moaning and her asshole gaping. One load of jism blasts her chin, cheeks and forehead and the second one plasters her face and nose, leaving her a pretty, cum-coated mess. Tiny-waisted Euro blonde Tamara and curvy-bodied Aisha San, an auburn-haired Asian, take their anal workouts side-by-side on a couch. They warm up with girl-girl kissing, titty play, ass tasting and toys before the main event. Both girls take anal poundings on one very busy couch, both of their bungholes gape for the camera, and they switch cocks to enjoy more side-by-side debauchery. The boys jack their wads into Tamara's mouth; she sloppily drools the mess into Aisha's for swallowing. Cute Sandy Style loves cocks two at a time. So the meaty-assed blonde prepares with the twin heads of a flexible, red dildo simultaneously in cunt and ass slots. Sucking cock as she's fucked doggie-style, her moaning is reduced to a hum. A deep-throat face fuck primes her for an anal reaming that leaves her chute gaping. Finally she's double-dicked in pussy and butt. Sandy swallows the semen blown into her mouth and after cleaning the sperm running down her neck, she sweetly licks her fingers. With long, black hair, natural tits and boot heels, leggy Tina Ray defines the look of the hard-assed Euro fuck pig. As she teases the camera in her yellow thong, we see that she's had a butt plug inserted since before the scene! She circle-sucks three pricks, the plug still in place, and commences fucking. One stud yanks out the plug so she can be properly double-penetrated. A hard, skin-slapping DP makes her howl, but an ass-to-mouth blow-job settles her hash, and for dessert she swallows three spunky loads. Roxy is a flat-out lust bucket, a long-auburn-haired beauty with gorgeous eyes and a lithe, natural bod. Outside on a patio she fucks her pussy with a chrome dildo, tastes her twat on the toy, then plugs it in her round butt. The smiling cutie sucks a real cock and gets carry-fucked, still right under the sun. This truly becomes a backyard party when her perfect rear gets nailed, her tight butthole gapes and she sucks ass-flavored dick. Spermy cum is shot across her pretty face, chin, even in her eye, but she swallows and smiles right through the facial, then shows that this "Anal Attack" has left her anus worked almost purple!