The most complete and trusted visual compendium of emergency medicine—extensively updated with 1500 full-color illustrations

A Doody's Core Title for 2011!

4 STAR DOODY'S REVIEW!
"This is an excellent study aid, especially for visual learners....This atlas is perhaps the most comprehensive source of high quality emergency medicine images available....This book is outstanding. I used it just before my in-service exam and found it a delightful way to solidify the information with images, which greatly increases the chance of recall."--Doody's Review Service

Ideally suited to the bedside practice of emergency medicine, The Atlas of Emergency Medicine is the ultimate visual guide to the diagnosis and treatment of common and uncommon conditions encountered in the Emergency Department. Filled with 1500 crisp, clear full-color images, this essential clinical companion is logically organized by organ system and then by problem, making it a practical quick reference for medical students, residents in training, new graduates preparing for their certification exam, the practicing physician, and instructors.
The third edition of The Atlas of Emergency Medicine features an even more streamlined presentation with clear, concise text and an unmatched collection of diagnoses-speeding images. Forming the core of the book, these images show you what to look for and are accompanied by brief, high-yield descriptions of clinical problems. The new edition also features an enhanced template, and new coverage of airway emergencies, tropical conditions, toxicologic emergencies, and electrocardiographs.

NEW TO THIS EDITION

    * 1,500 full-color clinical photographs (more than twice the amount found in the previous edition)
    * New chapter template:
      “Clinical Summary”: clinically relevant observations on differential diagnosis
      “Emergency Department Treatment and Disposition”: a brief overview of need-to-know diagnostic guidelines and recommendations
      “Clinical Pearls”: instructive tips and insights on specific aspects of conditions which are difficult to find in other texts
    * Four new chapters that enhance the book’s hands-on value:
      Tropical Medicine: reflects an increased emphasis on global access to healthcare and easier patient travel
      Toxicology: features an up-to-date, authoritative review of how to diagnose and treat selected toxicological emergencies
      ECG Abnormalities: presents turnkey insights into the rapid recognition of pathological ECG’s, highlighting the electrocardiographic characteristics of each featured clinical problem
      Airway Procedures: includes essential information that guides, improves, and expedites the management of airway emergencies

About the Author

Kevin J. Knoop. MD, MS, Director, Professional Education, Naval Medical Center, Portsmouth, VA; Assistant Professor of Military and Emergency Medicine, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD

Lawrence B. Stack, MD, Associate Professor of Emergency Medicine, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN

Alan B. Storrow, MD, Vice Chairman for Research and Academic Affairs, Associate Professor for Emergency Medicine, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN

R. Jason Thurman, MD, Assistant Professor of Emergency Medicine, Associate Director, Residency Program, Department of Emergency Medicine, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN
Product Details

    * Hardcover: 932 pages
    * Publisher: McGraw-Hill Professional; 3 edition (August 4, 2009)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 0071496181
    * ISBN-13: 978-0071496186