Contents:

44. The Mystery of Jahbulon—Strange God of Rothschild, the Masonic Lodge, and the Khazar Jews Who Rule the World: Download 
Texe Marrs unveils the strange god, Jahbulon, worshipped in secret. What is the mysterious origin of his name? Is there a connection of “Jahbulon” to the ancient Khazar Kingdom, where the people venerated demonic deities and performed vile rituals? Did the current “Jewish race” come from these ancient Khazar peoples? Why does the Masonic Lodge confess in its Royal Arch degree that the true name of their high “god” is Jahbulon? Is “Jahbulon” also the god of the Talmud and the Kabbalah? Is he the god of the Synagogue of Satan? 

43. Should We Secede?...Is it Possible?...Is it Necessary?: Download 
A Texe Marrs Exclusive Report. Has the time come for patriotic Americans to secede from the corrupt “New America?” Can we really ever “take America Back?” Here is evidence that the Old, Constitutional America of Christian virtues and righteousness is dead, never to be revived, lest God performs a great miracle. But why should He? This nation is the planet’s chief purveyor of death, sexual perversion and pornography, blasphemy and hatred toward God, and every other form of spiritual ill. Government torture, false flag wars, terrorism, Big Brother lies and deceptions and media propaganda predominate. Secession may now be our only hope—starting all over again. Can we do this? And what will happen to us if we do not secede? 

42. Theft Beyond Belief—We Must End the Talmudic Federal Reserve Bank Cartel While There is Still Time: Download 
The Federal Reserve (Fed), founded in 1913 by Zionist bankers, is a private, quasi-government group of major banks and other globalists. Never audited, the Fed prints U.S. currency and electronically stuffs trillions of dollars into the coffers of its favored financial institutions. It's Chairman, currently Ben Shalom Bernanke, is almost always a Jew. He answers neither to the President of the U.S., to the Congress, nor to the American people. In effect, Chairman Bernanke is the High Priest of a Jewish financial Sanhedrin that rules the world and can bankrupt any country, bank or corporation that opposes it. Texe Marrs says "Kill this bank or America will never again be free!" 

41. Satan's Hidden Infiltrators—The Religious Jews Lurking Behind the World's Most Wicked Cults, Churches, Religions, and Secret Societies: Download 
It is mind-boggling how often we discover that Jews are the founders, financiers, and leaders of the world’s most depraved, soul-destroying religions and cultic groups. Investigate the Mormons, Jehovah’s Witnesses, the Church of Satan, Church of Wicca (witchcraft), Theosophy, A Course in Miracles, Tony Alamo Ministries, EST, Freemasonry, and dozens of others and the same story emerges. The Jews, though small in number, are behind an eye-opening array of evil. 

40. Secrets - Volume 182 Download 
(1) Congressman Ron Paul beats Obama in latest Harris poll, proving he can win the general election, but the Republican establishment despises Paul’s Constitutional views; 
(2) U.S. and Israel team up to prevent Palestine from being admitted to the United Nations, This will permit the Israelis to continue their suppression and murders in Palestine; 
(3) Iranian Christian pastor to be executed after he refuses to renounce Jesus and convert back to Islam; 
(4) Polar bear population is much higher than ever before, making fools of environmental "experts;" 
(5) Bisexual entertainer/singer Cher Bono wants to strangle Congresswoman Michele Bachmann’s husband with a snake!; 
(6) Rick Perry’s un-American immigration views are unacceptable, but are the same as that of the other candidates’ views, except Ron Paul; 
(7) Water level in oceans decreases, defying the claims of environmentalists that Global Warming is melting the polar caps and causing water levels to rise and coastlands and islands to be inundated; 
(8) Politicians in Washington, D.C. want to rob citizens of the money they have invested for all these decades. Tell them no, that Social Security is a paid-for program, not welfare. Let’s vote out any politician stupid enough to try to steal the peoples’ money. 

39. "The Kingdom of God Shall Be Taken From You": Download 
Why do so many Christian evangelicals believe the propaganda put forth by Zionist preachers while, at the same time, avoiding the clear teachings of scripture? The New Testament labels their Jewish Supremacism doctrine “witchcraft” and warns it is an accursed teaching. Yet, the Zionists continue to shove God’s Word aside and insist on elevating Jews, Israel, and satanic Judaism as divine. One pastor even insists that Jesus was a “misinformed anti-Semite” when he bluntly told the Jews, “The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.” Was Jesus really a “misinformed anti-Semite?” 

38. The Holocaust Controversy and the Falsification of History: Download 
Texe Marrs examines a neverending string of fabrications and lies from so-called holocaust "survivors." This is a very profitable business and people are making millions promoting the most ridiculous and fantastic holocaust myths imaginable. Hear Texe Marrs as he uncovers many of the hocus-pocus tales and uncovers the way that Israel and Khazar Jews benefit and even use sympathy and political capital based on these outrageous lies to justify Israel's inhuman crimes against conquered peoples. 

37. Illuminati's Master Plan for Global Transformation: Download 
The Bible talks of great changes in the last days. There is an alchemical horror occurring now, and people are going insane attempting to keep up. Culture Distortion has been pummeled into the brains of every American. Multi-culturalism has taken over our country. America is not America anymore. What is the Shekinah Project? Is Tikkun Olam at our doorstep? Did the twin towers symbolize the Pillars of the Old World? Did Sampson's tale of pushing down these pillars presage the destruction of the World Trade Center Towers? Is the United States doomed to be a beast of burden for the Zionist overlords? 

36. Secrets - Volume 181 Download 
(1) Monument built on valuable government land in Washington, D.C., a statue honoring Martin Luther King, is three times as large as those that honor Abraham Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson. The family of the slain black civil rights leader demanded and was given nearly $800,000 for the "rights" to use MLK's image. While King did inspire America to give equal rights to blacks, the man was secretly a homosexual pervert who regularly engaged in orgies. His aides, including Jesse Jackson, were also immoral devils; 
(2) Hollywood heroines are also often hidden sex perverts. Katharine Hepburn, Marlene Dietrich, Dolly Parton, and Cher are just a few of Hollywood's disgraceful corps of lesbians. Cher's daughter, Chaz, recently had a sex change operation and now says she's a "man;" 
(3) Al Gore's bogus global warming theories ripped again as fraudulent; 
(4) NASA and its environmental wackos release a report which warns that aliens from outer space riding in UFOs may decide to attack planet earth if mankind doesn't stop causing global warming; 
(5) The Pope, the Vatican, and the Jesuit Order spend untold millions to operate two huge sky telescopes. They're on the lookout for a "sign" from the heavens from "Mother Mary;" 
(6) The internet's Facebook and its Jewish owners are censoring the web, attempting to delete material posted by "holocaust deniers." Whatever happened to free speech?; 
(7) A barber shop in Philadelphia is shut down after authorities discover animal ritual sacrifices being conducted in the basement. Santeria priests and priestesses left behind idols, bones, and other satanic objects; 
(8) Actress Gwyneth Paltrow and other celebrities are heavy into practice of the occult Jewish kaballah; 
(9) A New York TV executive, a Moslem immigrant from Pakistan, turns himself in after beheading his wife. 

35. President Harry S. Truman—Anti-Semite, Father of Israel, Betrayer of America, Mass Murderer, 33° Masonic Devil: Download 
An astonishingly documented report and exposé about President Truman. Includes revelations that Truman once took a two million-dollar bribe to recognize Israel as a State. Truman had General George Patton and Secretary of Defense James Forrestal assassinated, and he ordered millions of Germans to be slaughtered—after the Nazis’ surrendered. A supreme shocker! 

34. Chess Master Bobby Fischer on the Jews: Download 
The fascinating saga of World Chess Master, Bobby Fischer, who fought Zionism and the Jewish agenda even harder than he did his foes in the brainy game of chess. Fischer, himself a Jew, openly unmasked the Jews as an evil clique whose god is Lucifer. The Jews control the United States, Fischer bluntly stated, and are “greedy devils” intent on murder and robbery. 

33. Secrets - Volume 180 Download 
(1) The nature of psychopaths and of liars; 
(2) Self-love is not a Christian virtue but was advocated by famous British satanist Aleister Crowley, whose reigning credo was: "Do as thou wilt shall be the whole of the law;" 
(3) Congressman Dennis Kucinich, a liberal Democrat, speaks truth about unnecessary, wasteful foreign wars in Middle East. He rightly blames both the right-wing Republicans and the Democrat hawks; 
(4) Both Congress and the White House insist on stealing Americans’ earned entitlement funds. However, they have no problem providing money for bloody Greater Israel wars and to bail-out the huge international banks; 
(5) America’s "AAA" debt credit rating in jeopardy because of the same corrupt credit rating agencies—Moody’s and Standard & Poors—who, prior to 2008, knowingly gave wildly leveraged junk mortgages the highest "AAA" ratings. What we have here is manipulation and criminality; 
(6) Powerful Joe Strauss, Zionist Jew legislator in Texas, kills bill to prevent the government and TSA from groping crotches and sex organs of air travelers and other citizens. Texas Governor Rick Perry covertly helps Strauss to kill the bill. In effect, Strauss and Perry endorse this harsh Orwellian practice; 
(7) Bohemian Grove clandestinely meets again in California. Faggots and perverts cavort; 
(8) Are young Jewish men and women attending Mossad-run extremist and militaristic summer training camps?; 
(9) Project Gunrunner ("Fast and Furious") was and is a scheme to furnish Mexican drug cartels, gangs and thugs with deadly weapons. Obama’s White House will then use American troops and intelligence forces to intervene and set up the North American Union, ending America’s sovereignty; 
(10) Veteran Astronaut Buzz Aldrin, 33° Mason, tells outrageous lies denying NASA Masonic activities. 

32. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 7)—Norway’s Terrorist Mass Killer; the Revival of the Knights Templar; Freemasonry’s Albert Pike; and the Ruthless Violence of Zionist Fanatics: Download 
A Special Report documenting that Norwegian mass killer Anders Breivik was a satanist and a radical pro-Zionist who had publicly declared himself a fighter for Israel and a supporter of the Jews. His goal, Breivik wrote, was to revive the old crusaders, the Knights Templar, who centuries ago fought against the Moslems. His victims were Norwegians who had opposed Israel’s brutal suppression of Palestine. Why did America’s media lie and coverup these truths, pretending instead that the killer, Anders Breivik, was a "Nazi," a "Nationalist," and a "right wing, white supremacist?" 

31. America's Health Report and Diagnostics Update (Volume 1): Download 
Texe Marrs interviews Dr. Bill Deagle on such vital topics as vaccinations, GMO and toxins in foods, the ObamaCare program, fluoride use, the UN World Food Authority, the pharmaceuticals versus supplements controversy, mind control prescription drugs, chemspraying, nanotechnology, cell phone use and brain cancer, and more. 

30. Famous Anti-Semites Whom I Admire: Download 
Texe talks about the old Jewish canard of “anti-Semite,” illustrating how the Jews and Israel use this false accusation as a weapon to bludgeon their enemies and opponents. Among the well-known men and women who have been falsely pilloried and branded an “anti-Semite:” Martin Luther, Henry Ford, Charles Lindbergh, Thomas Edison, Andrew Jackson, Richard Nixon, Spiro Agnew, Bobby Fischer, Jimmy Carter, Pat Buchanan, Ron Paul, Bill Moyers, Helen Thomas, and of course, Texe Marrs. 

29. Judas Goats Go Wild—America's Enemies Within: Download 
Texe Marrs interviews Michael Collins Piper, author of The Judas Goats. Piper exposes the Zionist and New World Order shills masquerading in the political and media worlds. Included: the Jewish ADL, Fox News, CNN, the Vatican, the U.S. Congress, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Ann Coulter, and Laura Ingram. Piper points out that the supposed split between Republican and Democrats is mostly a mirage and that the Left Wing vs. Right Wing paradigm is likewise a construct of the reigning elite. 

28. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 6)— Saturnalia, Sexual Perversion, and the Satanic Elite of Washington, D.C. Babylon: Download 
Our nation's Capital has been transformed into a Babylonian cesspool. Ancient "Saturnalia" festivals revived in new forms. Saturn, pagan hidden god and sixth planet from the sun, is honored as supreme deity. Zeus statue stands inside UN building in New York City. Worldwide, politicians perform secret sex rituals—including former British Prime Minister Tony Blair; Britain's Prince Andrew, and IMF honcho Dominique Strauss-Kahn. In U.S., new revelations: Disgraced Congressman Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin were never married. A lesbian-homosexual hoax, it was the idea of Bill and Hillary Clinton; Actress Florence Henderson (The Brady Bunch) confesses adulterous sex with former NYC Mayor John Lindsey; Laura Bush, former First Lady, publicly praises "Best Little Whorehouse in Texas" and tells disgusting "masturbation of horse" joke about her husband George W. to thousands of viewers on TV—live audience roars with laughter; Former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a homosexual activist and crossdresser, may again run for President on the Republican Party ticket. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Texe Marrs - Power Of Prophecy - 2011 - Weeks 14 - 27 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6521574/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_Of_Prophecy_-_2011_-_Weeks_14_-_27

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2011 - Weeks 1-13  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6302348/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2011_-_Weeks_1-13

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2010 - All 52 Weeks    
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6068619/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2010_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2009 - All 52 Weeks       
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5287559/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2009_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2008 - All 52 Weeks      
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4896423/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2008_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power Of Prophecy - 2007 - All 52 Weeks       
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4322484/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_Of_Prophecy_-_2007_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2006 Radio Shows      
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4365760/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2006_Radio_Shows	
		
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My public URL:	        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/TalmudTimmy

My RSS feed:	        
http://rss.thepiratebay.org/user/97bdef327d0ba834f331abb3d0fe47a2		