About: 

Renegade X (formerly known as Renegade 2007) is a mod dedicated to recreating C&C Renegade in the new generation engine, the Unreal Engine 3. We all believe the Command and Conquer series is a very special one, and its fans have been following its games for over a decade now. C&C has been one of the most successful videogame series in the RTS Genre. Our modding team believes that C&C Renegade is truly a hidden gem in the FPS genre.

Why Renegade?

C&C Renegade's specialty was its multiplayer mode, because it was not mindless killing like most games. A player was thrown into a battle as soon as he joined a server, in which teamplay was the only way to win. The game revolves around a war between the Global Defense Initiative, and the Brotherhood of Nod. Each faction would have their own base of operations consisting of buildings. A team had to work together to destroy the enemy base, while keeping theirs intact. By simply switching engines, our team will have fixed many of C&C Renegade's faults. The original game had many problems such as bad netcoding, poor graphics, glitches, etc. Our main goal is to bring this great gameplay to the masses, all the graphical enhancements is merely just icing on the cake.

Structures:   

Obelisk/Advanced Guard Tower (Base defenses) Without these, your team has no automatic defense.
Hand of Nod/ Barracks (Purchase higher class infantry) Without this, your team cannot purchase higher-classed infantry.
AirStrip/Weapons Factory (purchase vehicles) Without it, your team cannot purchase any vehicles.
Power plant (Generates power for your base) Without it your defenses will go offline, income will be cut in half, and all units will be double their original price.
Refinery (Sends an AI controlled harvester to collect resource) Without this, you will not receive any free credits

Objectives:   

There are 2 ways to destroy an enemy building- you can either destroy them by infiltrating the structure and planting C4 explosives, or you can bombard it with vehicles and weapons from the outside. You also have 14 classes of Infantry per team to choose from, as well as 15 vehicles in total.

New Features: 

We also plan on adding plenty of new features that the original Renegade didn't ship with, such as:

New Gameplay modes.
Built in voice communication.
Server side variables to control how the game is played on your server.
And so much more.
We plan on remaking the original standard maps in the new-generation format. The team will be taking advantage of the engine by using much more polygons and bigger resolutions of textures. Although the maps will keep their original appearance and feel introduced in Renegade, they will graphically be much better than the initial versions. Of course, that being said, our project is not only limited to remaking the original maps. We will be making maps of our own design, which will all be littered with strategic and vantage points.

All ingame models will have a fresh new look with todays standards of 3d design, such as normal mapping, bump mapping, and will all be dynamically lit up during gameplay.