The 7 Steps of Spiritual Intelligence: The Practical Pursuit of Purpose, Success and Happiness

250 pages | Nicholas Brealey London | English | ISBN-10: 9781857883442 | CHM

Are you looking for a deeper understanding of the larger context of life? Would you like to create a sense of warmth, supportiveness and a positive atmosphere at your workplace? How about enriching your understanding of self and creating a life of purpose?

With Richard A. Bowell’s The 7 Steps of Spiritual Intelligence, you will learn about developing your inner potential and spiritual intelligence. Discover the “why” of what we do rather than the “what” or “how.”

Our fixed intelligence (IQ) doesn’t always answer life’s questions and our Emotional Intelligence (EQ) is limited to examining and processing our inner beliefs and passions. Spiritual Intelligence (SQ) is the key to engaging fully and with meaning in all realms of life, at home, work and in the world.

In Bowell’s The 7 Steps of Spiritual Intelligence, each of the steps on this journey is explained through the latest breakthroughs in neuroscience, detailed life lessons from exceptional individuals like Oskar Schindler, Nelson Mandela, Ghandi and Mother Teresa, and with specially developed SQ exercises. Exploring Awareness, Meaning and Evaluation will help you to Become Centered in your true self. Then project your SQ outward. Use Vision to take an overview of your situation, act with Precision and finally come to understand your personal Mission.

With a coherent philosophy, a powerful new model and detailed examples from daily life, Bowell puts the SQ path easily within the grasp of everyone reaching for personal growth and leadership, effectiveness and wisdom. Bowell has written the first accessible self-help guide to understanding the exciting field of Spiritual Intelligence.

Spiritual issues are at the forefront of modern twenty-first century life. In this precarious world, we are seeking emotional stability. Many people are wanting to develop their spiritual side, rather than just acquiring more possessions and money. Provocative, groundbreaking and inspiring, The 7 Steps of Spiritual Intelligence argues that we can have it all: be successful, happy and have an enriched sense of meaning in our lives.