Official Web Site:  http://www.cdfinder.de/index.html

CDFinder  

The disk and data library cataloger (digital asset manager) for the Apple Macintosh.

CDFinder rapidly catalogs your entire disk and media library, and backup archive.
CDFinder keeps track of your documents, photos, songs, movies, and folders wherever they are stored.

CDFinder is your digital treasure chest!

Catalog everything – hard disks (internal, external, USB, FireWire, Thunderbolt), server disks, DVD-ROMs, CD-ROMs, iPods, Blu-ray, USB sticks, and get a full inventory of all files, folders, and important metadata, including thumbnails for photos and video files.

Find your files NOW! Whatever you need to find, CDFinder knows where it is! If you are a desktop user, or work in a small or large network, you stay in control of your data at any time.

Features:

Find It Now!

The most powerful Find options to locate your digital treasures. Tell CDFinder what you are looking for and get the best results ever. CDFinder also searches the Spotlight index, to find local files as well.

Power

CDFinder easily handles thousands of DVDs, CDs, hard disks, server volumes, anything. Millions of files? Terabytes of data? Yes, CDFinder can!

Movies

Get thumbnails of video files with CDFinder. Supports all QuickTime supported movie formats, including, mov, .avi, .m4v, .mkv, .flv, and others. CDFinder even catalogs Elgato EyeTV recordings! 

GeoFinder

Find photos and iPhone movies taken at any place anywhere in the world, using a street level map. Export your photos as Google KMZ, and much more. CDFinder can even geotag your photos, or search your iPhoto library, too.

Network

Share your CDFinder catalog database in your network with other Apple Macintosh computers, and even with Windows machines (using the side-kick CDWinder)! Advertising agencies and graphic designers really love that feature.

Workflow

Integrate CDFinder into your existing workflows. CDFinder can catalog disks right from the Finder, freshly created disks from Roxio Toast, or drag out a file directly from CDFinder into the Finder, Apple Pages, Keynote, Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, Quark XPress, or others. A new Automator Action for cataloging disks is also provided 

Integration

Use CDFinder from inside FileMaker Pro or any other database with AppleScript. Run Find operations, check the results, or even catalog disks automatically, it is all possible. And even use QuickLook, too.

Print

Catalog contents, the list of found items, beautiful CD covers, inlay cards, DVD box covers. Anything can be quickly printed with CDFinder, no extra software needed.

Proven Technology

More than 49,000 customers and companies in 89 countries already use CDFinder. 

Photos

CDFinder generates beautiful thumbnails of your photo archive (including RAW formats!) and other images. CDFinder also catalogs and searches Adobe XMP, IPTC and EXIF metadata, as well as GPS geotags for the Geo Photo Management. Quickly upload your photos to Locr.com 

Music Organizer

Catalog your songs, metadata included (MP3, AAC, FLAC, ALAC, AIFF, WAV), with cover art and lyrics. Catalog audio CDs as well. Quickly find all of your music! 

Support

CDFinder comes with an extensive, 200 page Users Guide, and there are also the FAQ, license Q&A, video tutorials, and more available right 

Import

Only CDFinder imports thirteen different foreign catalog or export files for a quick start: DiskLibrary, Disk Recall, DiskWizard, Iomega FindIt, Portents DiskTracker (1.x and 2.x), Catalogue, CatFinder, "Neometric" Catalog , Broken Cross Disk Manager (Windows, XML), Advanced Disk Catalog (ADC for Windows, XML), as well as iView MediaPro and Microsoft Expression Media (requires separate CDFinder Transporter software). We even offer affordable cross-grades! 

International

Eight languages, all in one application: English, German, Japanese, French, Italian, Swedish, Spanish and Dutch. And with the complete Unicode support, CDFinder of course catalogs files of any language!

 Whats new in CD Finder 5.7.2?

* CDFinder now catalogs thumbnails of Adobe InDesign CS5 
  and 5.5  documents, too.

* The Eject menu now also includes externally connected 
  Thunderbolt, USB, and FireWire drives, and also the icon of 
  each volume.

* Added RAW cataloging support for ".erf" (Espon), ".
  3fr" (Hasselblad) and ".mef" (Mamiya) photos in Mac OS X 
  10.6.

* CDFinder now creates thumbnails of JPG-2000 photos, too
  (name suffix .jp2).

*  Improved Find speed when getting more than 5000 hits.

* You can now get the thumbnail of a Found Item with 
  AppleScript.

* FileCheck values are now exported as well.

* Cataloging of QuickTime movie files with external references 
  won't create error messages anymore.

* Catalogs created by Roxio Toast now get a proper serial 
   number as all other catalogs.

* Exporting now ensures that IPTC tags won't add stray Returns 
  to the text file.

* Finally fixes the long standing error -43 when deleting catalogs 
  from a database folder on certain file servers.

* Fixes a problem reading the ID3 tags of certain MP3 file.

* Fixes a problem cataloging certain NTFS disks.

* Fixes a problem of properly sorting catalog names in the list 
  views.

* Fixes a problem cataloging certain TIFF files.

* The DiskLibrary Importer can now be used from the Import
  selector window, too. Previously, only dragging the database
  file into CDFinder worked.

System Requirements:

OS version: Mac OS X 10.4 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---