 http://www.downloadse.net/resimler/driver-genius-professional-1000761.jpg


Driver Genius Professional is a tool to manage both professional drivers take the characteristics of a diagnostic tool capable of managing both drivers. Driver Genius has its own functions such as backup, restore, update and uninstall the drivers for the user. If you often have to reinstall the operating system, you sure will not forget such painful experiences of finding these types of drivers. If unfortunately you lose the CD driver, the job search will become increasingly uncomfortable and time consuming

Now with Backup function of Driver Genius, you can backup all drivers in your computer before reinstalling, and restore them to functional recovery after drivers installation process has completed. This will save you considerable time to reinstall the driver in the process of reinstalling the system. You no longer have to worry about finding drivers. Also, you can create an automatic installation package for all drivers in your system by Driver Genius. After successfully installing the operating system you can restore all the drives with only 1 click by this automatic restoration program. This is extremely convenient. Driver Genius can automatically search for device drivers that the system can not find.

The program can recognize the name and product information of the device, provided with a direct URL to download the drivers are looking for. Driver Genius also supports online updates for drivers currently on your hard drive Your. You can choose from more than 30,000 most recent drivers for hardware devices as motherboards, video cards, sound cards, network cards, modems, monitors, mice, keyboards, digital cameras, video capture cards picture ... on Driver Genius web site. Besides, you can drive daily updates on our site. All customers will be informed of the latest drivers with Driver Genius's LiveUpdate program-can be identified with a database of web pages.

Backup, restore and update drivers in just a few clicks. Get the new drivers for your computer now!

Quickly backup device drivers for your computer
Just one click to restore all drivers
Copy the drivers into the program EXE automatic installer. Easy to install on multiple machines
Easy to get the latest drivers for your computer. Continuously updated
Remove the driver is corrupt and not needed, improving performance and reliability of the system
Diagnostic equipment to help you determine what the device does not function properly or efficiently and give you a more effective solution
Unlock the hidden option on the control of NVIDIA drivers. Includes adjustable clock, AGP, fan, speakers, OpenGL 2.0 support and much more


OS: Windows 98/98SE, Windows ME, Windows 2000, Windows XP / XP x64, Windows Server 2003/Server 2003 x64, Windows Vista / Vista x64, Windows 7 / 7 x64
