
Coast to coast AM 2011-05-19
Bible Prophecy & Underground Bases

Date: 05-19-11 
Host: George Noory 
Guests: Richard Sauder, Thornton Barnes, Chuck Missler 
In the latter half, author, evangelical Christian, former businessman, and Air Force officer Chuck Missler reacted to the May 21st Doomsday & Rapture prediction, popularized by Christian radio host Harold Camping. Bible prophecy is a field of study that "suffers as much from its enthusiasts as it does from its detractors," he commented, adding that Jesus repeatedly emphasized that "no man knows the day or the hour." Further, he noted that there's a doctrine in the New Testament that states there's no preceding event prior to the Rapture, so its time couldn't be calculated in advance. Missler also talked about fallen angels, the demonic nature of UFOs, and the Antichrist. 

Underground Bases
Appearing during the second hour, researcher of underground & underwater bases, Richard Sauder, discussed who is operating these facilities and the concept of parallel civilizations. These bases are run with a combination of misdirection, illusion, and concealment by a variety of actors whom he referred to as "the organization." This stealthy group is extremely well-financed, and interfaces with a number of terrestrial human agencies, as well as some "off-planet" organizations, he declared. They likely have developed electro-gravitic and antigravity technology (such as seen in UFOs), which is being used behind our backs, he added. For more, see Sauder's blog. 

Inside Area 51
In the first hour, TD Barnes talked about his work on top secret projects at Area 51. The CIA controlled the Nevada base from 1955 to 1979, and it's currently run by the Air Force, he detailed. Sightings of UFOs may have actually been jets flown out of the base, including the U2 (painted black to reduce its visibility), and the A12, which flew at 90,000 ft., much higher than normal air traffic, he suggested. Doubting the accounts of Bob Lazar, he said there were no ET bodies or craft at Area 51, as far as he knew or saw. Barnes will be featured in the Nat. Geo. documentary Area 51 Declassified, airing this Sunday. 

News segment guests: Dr. Bruce Goldberg, John Curtis 

Website(s): 
keyholepublishing.com/Sauder.html
khouse.org
Book(s): 
Hidden in Plain Sight
Kundalini Tales
Underground Bases and Tunnels
Alien Encounters
Cosmic Codes: Hidden Messages
