.
SceneTime lucky draw is started . Join now and win the prize . everyone is a winner :)
 
http://www.scenetime.com    -  Hottest private tracker on the net. !!!

New release on http://www.scenetime.com

        Seed back for speed


...................................NFO:.................................................
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

Scrapheap.Orchestra.WEBRip.XviD-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
Release Date2011.12.16
Air Date2011.12.11
GenreMusic
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  Is it possible for professional musicians from the BBC Concert        
  Orchestra to make beautiful sounds out of garbage? This documentary   
  aims to find out. For the first time ever an entire orchestra of 44   
  instruments will be built from just scrap. The quest to build an      
  orchestra of instruments out of rubbish is more than just a musical   
  spectacle - in the construction of these instruments we delve into    
  the history of instrument making and the science of music, why        
  different instruments are made the way they are, why some designs     
  have not changed for hundreds of years and why, when played           
  together, the sound of an orchestra is unlike anything else on earth. 
                                                                        
  Inspirational conductor Charles Hazlewood leads the challenge and     
  charges a group of the UK's top instrument makers with the mission    
  of transforming junk, broken furniture and the contents of roadside   
  skips into an orchestra of instruments.                               
                                                                        
  The BBC Concert Orchestra - a team of virtuoso performers - will put  
  their reputations on the line by using these instruments to stage     
  what they hope will be a flawless performance of Tchaikovsky's 1812   
  Overture at the 2011 Proms. But will the scrapheap orchestra pass     
  muster at the mother of all classical musical festivals?              
                                                                        
  Enjoy this innovative music instument show!                           
                                                                        
 

  WE'RE LOOKiNG FOR 
                                                   
                                                                        
  * Broadcast/Network/PPV TV Cappers with English PDTV/HDTV sources     
     located in the US/UK/AU/CA/EU                                      
  * People with PDTV/HDTV sources with an interest in capping           
  * Pre-retail/unreleased DVD Suppliers (especially sports)             
  * 100mbit+ affil sites with archives                                  
                                                                        
   Find us or email w4fcrew@gmail.com if you can help                   
                                                                        
 

  GREETZ 
                                                              
                                                                        
   To all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)