Genre: Family Drama/Comedy
Type: Straight
Banner: Aa Naluguru films

Cast: Jagapati Babu, Priyamani, Astha Singhal, Raju Sundaram, Kota, Brahmanandam, Dharmavarapu, Ali, Sunil, MS Narayana, Krishna Bhagawan, Venu Madhav, Giribabu, Kovai Sarala, Jhansi, Sandesh, Madhu, Hema, Rajitha and Geetanjali
Crew:
Music: Agashtya
Cinematography: Surendra Reddy
Lyrics: Veturi, Chaitanya Prasad and Uma Maheswar
Story - screenplay - dialogues - producer - direction: Madan
Release Date: 8 December 2006
Review

Story

Pellaina KothaloHari (Jagapati Babu) and Lakshmi (Priyamani) have an arranged marriage. Hari’s friend (Krishna Bhagawan) tells him that he should not listen to his wife. Lakshmi’s friend (Jhansi) tells her that if she listens to her husband, she would remain a slave to him for the rest of her life. Hari and Lakshmi starting living together but soon they grow apart as each of them listens to the advice of their individual friends. At the same time, they are forced to visit their grandparents (Kota and Geetanjali) to perform some family rituals. The rest of the story is all about how they learn about love and married life from their grandparents.

Artists Performance

Pellaina Kothalo Jagapati Babu is excellent as the husband. His comic timing is perfect as always. Priyamani is cute in the role of wife. Kota and Geetanjali steal the show as the grandparents still very much in love. Ali and Venu Madhav’s comedy is good. Sunil has a meaningful role as the husband who loves his haughty wife unconditionally. Krishna Bhagawan’s one-liners are hilarious. Astha Singhal is adequate. Choreography Raju Sundaram has a guest role, which he has dubbed himself. Hema got a good role. The separate comedy track of Brahmanandam and Kovai Sarala is unnecessary.

Technical Departments:

Pellaina KothaloStory - screenplay - Direction: The story basically is simple focusing on how marriages are wrecked because of inflated egos of the partners and how care and understanding helps to heal the cracks. The director has ensured that a serious storyline is combined with entertainment to avoid being preachy. The ending is apt with Kota drawing parallels to Aadi Danpatulu (Shiva and Parvathi) and how marriage survives despite individual weakness. The dialogues written by Madan for this film are very good. Especially the way he explains the difference between mistakes (tappu) and weaknesses (lopam) through the character of Kota.Screenplay of the film could have been better. Direction is adequate. The call centre comedy track in the beginning of the film is amusing. However, the pace of the film is rather slow limping towards the climax.

Pellaina KothaloOther departments: Dialogues by Madan dominate the technical departments. There are good comedy one-liners (Ali: Santakam adigithe velimudra vestara) and thought provoking ones (tappu-lopam). Music by Agashtya is adequate. Sirisiri Muvvalle is one of the good melodies in recent times. Cinematography is good. Production values by the new banner are adequate.

Pellaina KothaloAnalysis: First half of the film is good but the pace slackens in the second half. It showcases Jagapati Babu’s brilliance as an actor all over again. The only unconvincing point in the film is that how a newly married couple living in the same house let their egos over-ride every other emotion that newly weds normally share. If you are convinced about this aspect, this film would be a good film to watch. There is entertainment and a message in the film. The success of the film depends on how the family crowds take to it.