Paranormal Activity-Tokyo Night (2010), DVDR(xvid), NL Subs, DMT
Originele titel: Paranômaru Akutibiti Dai-2-Shou: Tokyo Night
Verenigde Staten / Japan
Thriller
90 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1728179/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/70750

geregisseerd door Toshikazu Nagae
met Aoi Nakamura en Noriko Aoyama

Tokyo Night is een direct vervolg van de gebeurtenissen van Oren Peli en Jason Blum in het origineel 
en vindt plaats in Japan. Een jonge vrouw bezoekt San Diego als uitwisselingsstudente maar brengt 
ongewild het kwaad dat Katie Featherston achtervolgde met zich mee in het huis van haar familie. De 
film toont de beelden die opgenomen zijn in het huis van de vrouw en de schokkende waarheid van 
de bovennatuurlijke krachten die haar familie moet verslaan.

Haruka Yamano returns from America to Tokyo in a wheelchair, both legs having multiple fractures 
from a car accident. She is helped by her brother Koichi and their father. Their father travels to 
Singapore for business meetings and Koichi takes care of his sister and films her most of the time 
with his camera. The next morning, Haruka tells that her wheelchair has moved during the night and 
Koichi check the windows of her room to see if a stranger has broken in their house. He tells that 
probably a spirit had moved the wheelchair and he uses salt near the door of Haruka's bedroom to 
protect her against evil spirits. However, the next morning they find that the salt is spread near the 
door. He checks the tape and believes that the house is haunted by a ghost. He decides to tape his 
room too and during the days, weird noises and events happen in the house. They invite priest 
Saionji to purify the house against ghosts and over four days nothing unusual happens. Haruka tells 
to Koichi that, in America, she had hit a woman called Katie that had just murdered her boyfriend 
and appeared in front of her car. Their father returns home but he needs to travel again. But on the 
fifth night they see in the tape that the house is still haunted. Koichi decides to call Saionji again, but 
they learn that the priest had died five nights ago after leaving their house. Haruka discloses to her 
brother that weird things had happened to her also in America. Furthermore, she tells that she had 
researched the life of Katie and had found that the girl was also haunted by ghosts. Now the fiend is 
more violent and still haunts the siblings and they do not know what to do.

Source: Retail
Size: 700 MB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1127 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  608 x 336
Frames/s:25.000  Fps
Audio:  Japanese
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Thriller

Deze film wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER



