Mayhemic Destruction (1986) 
Face of Despair (1989)
Every Dog Has Its Day a.k.a. Rebellious Youth (1991) 
An Absence of Faith (2007)
Psychology Of Death (2011)


320 kbps


 


The past: Mortal Sin grew out of the western suburbs of Sydney in the mid 80's and by 1987 had become the country's most important extreme metal act. With original members Campbell, Eftichiou, Maurer, Carwana & Krstin. Mortal Sin rose to the top of the scene with their Metallica inspired debut Mayhemic Destruction, which found favour offshore and won them an international record deal. Shortly after it was released Krstin was replaced by ex-Slaughter Lord member Mick Burke and the band solidified their reputation by supporting Metallica in 1989. Shortly after releasing Face of Despair, Steve Hughes (also ex-Slaughter Lord) replaced Campbell and Mortal Sin toured Europe with Testament and Faith No More, but upon returning home Maurer expressed displeasure with the line-up and left. In 1991 Eftichiou recorded and gigged with a completely different line-up which brought the ire of the rest of the former members who laid claim to the name. Despite a legal dispute, an album and single were released before it ground to a halt. Mortal Sin reformed in late 1996 with four of the original members in Maurer, Campbell, Eftichiou and Carwana along with Anthony Hoffman. Carwana's stay was brief before he was replaced by Troy Scerri. A mini-album Revolution of the Mind was released which featured re-recordings of early songs, reworked demos and two new originals. 


The Present: In February 2004 Mortal Sin Resurfaced featuring original members Maurer, Campbell, Eftichiou & former Addictive guitarists Joe Buttigieg & Mick Sultana. The first show back was filmed & released on a limited DVD Out of the Darkness. Early 2005 Mortal Sin were inducted into the Hall Of Fame at the Metal for the Brain & Kerrang Australian Heavy Metal Awards. Soon after the band parted ways with original drummer Campbell & guitarist Buttigieg, with replacements found in Luke Cook (drums) & Nathan Shea (guitar). 6 weeks later toured Australia with Metal icons Anthrax. Mortal Sin then entered the studios in October with producer Phil McKellar to record a CD single Out of the Darkness. After a show in Hamburg & an appearance at the infamous Wacken Open Air Festival, The Mortals returned to the studio to complete the long awaited new album. April 2007, The Mortals opened for Slayer & Mastodon then signed with German label Armageddon Music & Riot Entertainment within Australia for the release of An Absence of Faith. Returning to Europe in March 2008 & toured with New York Thrash Kings Overkill, also appearing with Megadeth at Metal Mania & Destruction at Inferno Festival. 4 Months later Mortal Sin returned to Europe once again for the summer festival season, Including Wacken, Jalometalli, Alcatraz & Head Bangers Open Air. Most recently playing supports to Legendary bands such as Judas Priest, Testment, Kreator & a tour through South America in late 2009...Following the departure of Mick Sultana, Mortal Sin found a replacement in Guitarist Ryan Huthnance and has since toured with Overkill. Mortal Sin's new album is in the final stages of production and are expecting a mid 2011 release. 

