Director George Stevens' legendary rendition of the archetypal Western myth earned six Academy Award nominations, and made Shane one of the timeless classics of American cinema. Based on Jack Schaefer's novel, the story brings Alan Ladd, a drifter and retired gunfighter, to the assistance of a homestead family terrorised by an ageing cattleman and his hired gun. In fighting a last, decisive battle, Shane sees the end of his own way of life. Mysterious, moody and atmospheric, the film is enhanced by the intense performances of its splendid cast and stunning location photography.

Special Features
Audio commentary with George Stevens Jr. (production assistant and son of George Stevens) and Ivan Moffat (associate producer)
Theatrical trailer
Interactive menu
Scene access

Technical Details
Actors Alan Ladd, Jean Arthur, Van Heflin, Brandon De Wilde, Jack Palance, Ben Johnson, Elisha Cook Jr. & Paul McVey
Director George Stevens

Year 1953
Screen Fullscreen 4:3

Additional Languages English (Dolby Digital Surround)
Subtitles Arabic  Czech  Danish  English  English for the hearing impaired  Finnish  French  German  Greek  Hebrew  Hungarian  Icelandic  Italian  Norwegian  Polish  Portuguese  Romanian  Slovenian  Spanish  Swedish  Turkish
Duration 1 hour and 53 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

7,8/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0046303/

Shane [1953 PAL DVDR]Multisubs[21]

Acclaimed director George Stevens' legendary rendition of the quintessential Western myth earned six Academy Award nominations, and made Shane one of the classics of the American cinema.

The story brings Alan Ladd, a drifter and retired gunfighter, to the assistance of a homestead family terrorized by a wealthy cattleman and his hired gun (Jack Palance). In fighting the last decisive battle, Shane sees the end of his own life.

Mysterious, moody and atmospheric, the film is enhanced by the intense performances of its splendid cast.

Speltid 113 min
Färg/svartvit Färg
TV-system PAL
EAN-kod 5014437834133
Textning Arabiska Bulgariska Danska Engelska Finska Franska Grekiska Hebreiska Holländska Isländska Italienska Kroatiska Norska Polska Portugisiska Romaniska Serbiska Slovenska Spanska Svenska Tjeckiska Turkiska Tyska Ungerska
Ljud Engelska (Dolby Surround)

Bild 4:3 1.33:1
Extra material
» Kommentarer av Ivan Moffat, medproducent, och George Stevens Jr., produktionsassistent och son till den framlidne regissören och producenten George Stevens
» Biotrailer
Lokal titel Mannen från Vidderna
Orginal titel Shane
Genre Drama Klassiker Western
Produktionsland USA
Premiärår 1953
Regi George Stevens
Manus Jack Schaefer
Skådespelare Alan Ladd Jean Arthur Van Heflin Brandon De Wilde Jack Palance Ben Johnson Edgar Buchanan Emile Meyer Elisha Cook Jr
Åldersgräns 15 år
Filmbolag Paramount