


                         PART  331


        ERIC BURDON & THE NEW ANIMALS  -  Tabacco Road (1967)
        ERIC BURDON & THE NEW ANIMALS  -  Roadrunner (1967)
        ERIC BURDON & THE NEW ANIMALS  -  C.C. Rider (1967)
        ERIC BURDON & THE NEW ANIMALS  -  When I Was Young  (1967)
        ERIC BURDON & THE NEW ANIMALS  -  Hey Gyp (Dig the Slowness) (1967)
        ERIC BURDON & THE NEW ANIMALS  -  San Franciscan Nights  (1967)



         "Tobacco Road" is a song written and first recorded by John D. Loudermilk in 1960 that was a hit for The Nashville Teens in 1964 and has since become a standard across several musical genres.
"Tobacco Road" has been performed by a great number of artists, often with slightly altered lyrics. Notable renderings include a soul one from Lou Rawls, a folk rock one from Jefferson Airplane on their debut album Takes Off, Mind Garage, a lengthy 17-minute version by Edgar Winter and his band, a sample on dead prez's Psychology, and others from Eric Burdon & War, Spooky Tooth, Status Quo, Bill Wyman and the Rhythm Kings, Steve Young, Love Affair, David Lee Roth, Aum, Tommy Cash, Blues Magoos, Blues Creation, Bobbie Gentry, Rare Earth, Jean-Jacques Goldman, an unreleased version by Jimi Hendrix, Southern Culture on the Skids. The Animals' cover "Tobacco Road" was a trans-Atlantic pop hit in 1964, reaching number 6 on the UK singles chart and number 14 on the U.S. singles chart.

           "Road Runner" is a song written and performed by Bo Diddley, originally released as a single by Checker Records in January 1960. The song reached #20 on Billboard magazine's Hot R&B; Sides chart, and #75 on the Hot 100.The song has since been covered by many artists.  The Animals, released the song on their UK release of Animal Tracks. Wayne Fontana & the Mindbenders released their version of "Road Runner" as the B-side of "Hello Josephine". The Pretty Things released the song on their self-titled debut album. A medley of "Road Runner", "Join Together", and "My Generation Blues" was released by The Who on the soundtrack to The Kids Are Alright. The Zombies released a version on Begin Here. The Beatles played parts of the song during the concerts which were released as Live! at the Star-Club in Hamburg, Germany; 1962. The Clash were known to cover the song during their sound checks on the London Calling tour, on which Bo Diddely also headlined.

         "C.C. Rider" or "Easy Rider" is a popular American 12-bar blues" song. It was first recorded by Gertrude "Ma" Rainey in 1924, and since then has been recorded by many other artists.It was recorded by Big Bill Broonzy, Mississippi John Hurt, Lead Belly, Lightnin' Hopkins, Peggy Lee and 
and The Animals (#10 US pop hit in 1966). The Animals' heavy version (featuring Eric Burdon's screaming) also reached #1 on the Canadian RPM chart, and #8 in Australia. It was the last single before the group disbanded in September 1966. The arrangement of the song was credited to band member Dave Rowberry.Other renditions came from Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Ray Charles, Chuck Berry, Gary Lewis and the Playboys, The Who, The Everly Brothers, Charlie Rich, Janis Joplin, The Grateful Dead, Leon Thomas, Snooks Eaglin, John Fahey, Old Crow Medicine Show and many more. In later years, Presley regularly opened his performances with the song, such as was captured on his 1970 On Stage album and in his Aloha from Hawaii television special.
  
           "Hey Gyp (Dig the Slowness)" is a song by Donovan. The name "Gyp" refers to his friend Gyp Mills. It has been covered by Eric Burdon and The Animals.The Animals cover was released in December 1966 on their album Animalism. After the reformed band Eric Burdon & The Animals performed it on their live shows, it was released as a single under the name of the new band.
           
         "San Franciscan Nights" is a 1967 song performed by Eric Burdon and The Animals, with words and music by the group's members, Eric Burdon, Vic Briggs, John Weider, Barry Jenkins, and Danny McCulloch. A paean to San Francisco, it was the biggest hit that the new band — as opposed to the first-incarnation Animals of the mid-1960s — would have, reaching a peak position of number 1 on the Canadian RPM charts, number 9 on the U.S. pop singles chart and number 7 on the UK pop singles chart.At a concert in Naperville, Illinois in 2010, Burdon said the song was written about an evening with Janis Joplin in San Francisco.