 http://image.allmusic.com/00/amg/cov200/drj100/j193/j19387nva9j.jpg

2007 Keep Walking CD Shaktu 2102

[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest.png[/img] 

 1  Something  3:50 
  2  Keep Walking  4:01 
  3  Passing By  3:53 
  4  Lately  3:07 
  5  Standing  3:58 
  6  TV to Take It Away  4:00 
  7  All That You Wanted  4:44 
  8  Back Home  3:47 
  9  One Good Thing  2:51 
  10  Wanted  3:19 
  11  Someday  3:30 
  12  She Knows  3:17 

Emily Maguire is an independent English singer-songwriter whose strong, thought-provoking lyrics and “the kind of vocals that will melt your stereo” [Scene Magazine] have won her fans across the globe. 

Originally classically trained as a cellist and pianist, Emily taught herself guitar from Bob Marley songbooks and when illness forced her to give up work, she started writing songs about life and the world outside her window. Years later, back on her feet and fed up with grey skies and concrete, she gave up her flat in London for a wood and tin shack in the Australian bush where she recorded and released her debut album ‘Stranger Place’ to critical acclaim by the Australian media. 

Combining “wisdom, hard-hitting social commentary and beautiful poetry” (Tsunami Magazine), 'Stranger Place' was ABC Radio ‘Album of the Week’ across 2 states. The first track ‘The Real World’ secured her an invitation to perform at the 2005 Singer-Songwriter Festival at The Borderline in London, where she opened for David Bowie’s renowned bassist Gail Ann Dorsey. She made such an impression that promoter Barry Everitt booked her for 2 more gigs on the spot and after she returned to Australia, he wrote on the venue website: “There is always a place for her on our stage. Her superb songs have grown on all who have seen her and we need her back soon.” 

Following a nationwide UK tour in May 2006, Emily returned to Australia to record a new album 'Keep Walking' with bass player Christian Dunham and drummer Shane Nesic. Putting her cello playing to good use, she borrowed a violin, viola and cello and recorded all the parts herself to create her own string ensemble. The result was an album that has been described as "music and lyrics of an artist that goes leaps and bounds beyond... a decades and genre spanning piece of work that should be admired as a whole as much as for each individual song" (IndepenDisc, New York). The title track ‘Keep Walking’ is currently on ABC Radio across Australia. 

Emily remains passionate about both Bach and Bob Marley, combining her love of classical music with a passion for beats, basslines and acoustic guitar. But it is her words that have the most profound effect on her listeners. In a recent interview with British newspaper The Independent, she said “What I want to do with my songs is to give people the same feeling you get when you go and look at the horizon above the sea and you get a sense of silence and space and possibility”. Her signature song 'Falling on my Feet', written in a north London hospital, is a prime example. 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2011/02/11/emily-maguire/