God\'s Outlaw - William Tyndale Bio (1st Successful English Bible)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1277kbps 
Duration.............: 1:34:38
Resolution...........: 600*462 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,051,479,248
SUBTITLES............: English

NOTE - Episode 3 of the BBC Series Adventure Of English included for additional information. A related episode of this film series can be found at:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6615142/John_Wycliffe_Bio_-_First_to_Translate_Bible_to_English 

 
http://bayimg.com/KajHdaadL
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091126/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Tyndale


William Tyndale (1494 to 1536) was an English scholar and translator who became a leading figure in Protestant reformism towards the end of his life. He was influenced by the work of Desiderius Erasmus, who made the Greek New Testament available in Europe, and Martin Luther. Tyndale was the first to translate considerable parts of the Bible from the original languages (Greek and Hebrew) into English, for a public, lay readership. While a number of partial and complete translations had been made from the seventh century onward, particularly during the 14th century, Tyndale\'s was the first English translation to draw directly from Hebrew and Greek texts, and the first to take advantage of the new medium of print, which allowed for its wide distribution. This was taken to be a direct challenge to the hegemony of both the Roman Catholic Church and the English church and state. Tyndale also wrote, in 1530, The Practyse of Prelates, opposing Henry VIII\'s divorce on the grounds that it contravened scriptural law.

In 1535, Tyndale was arrested by church authorities and jailed in the castle of Vilvoorde outside Brussels for over a year. He was tried for heresy, strangled and burnt at the stake in 1536. The Tyndale Bible, as it was known, continued to play a key role in spreading Reformation ideas across Europe. The fifty-four independent scholars who created the King James Version of the bible in 1611 drew significantly on Tyndale\'s translations. One estimation suggests the New Testament in the King James Version is 83% Tyndale\'s, and the Old Testament 76%.


Impact on the English language

In translating the Bible, Tyndale introduced new words into the English language, and many were subsequently used in the King James Bible:

Jehovah (from a transliterated Hebrew construction in the Old Testament; composed from the Tetragrammaton YHWH.
Passover (as the name for the Jewish holiday, Pesach or Pesah)
scapegoat (the goat that bears the sins and iniquities of the people in Leviticus, Chapter 16)Coinage of the word atonement (a concatenation of the words \'At One\' to describe Christ\'s work of restoring a good relationship—a reconciliation—between God and people) is also sometimes ascribed to Tyndale. However, the word was probably in use by at least 1513, before Tyndale\'s translation. Similarly, sometimes Tyndale is said to have coined the term mercy seat. While it is true that Tyndale introduced the word into English, mercy seat is more accurately a translation of Martin Luther\'s German Gnadenstuhl.
As well as individual words, Tyndale also coined such familiar phrases as:
lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil
knock and it shall be opened unto you
twinkling of an eye (another translation from Luther)
a moment in time
fashion not yourselves to the world
seek and you shall find
ask and it shall be given you
judge not that you not be judged
the word of God which liveth and lasteth forever
let there be light (Luther translated Genesis 1,3 as: Es werde Licht, which would be word for word translated: It will be light)
the powers that be
my brother\'s keeper
the salt of the earth
a law unto themselves
filthy lucre
it came to pass
gave up the ghost
the signs of the times
the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak (which is like Luther\'s translation of Mathew 26,41: der Geist ist willig, aber das Fleisch ist schwach; Wyclif for example translated it with: for the spirit is ready, but the flesh is sick.)
live and move and have our being
fight the good fight
