GO Launcher EX v2.77 Final

Requires Android: 2.0+

Date Release: 30 January, 2012


GO Launcher EX is the extended version of GO Launcher, one of the most popular home apps in Android Market. It’s a highly customizable home replacement application, which will run when you press your android phone’s HOME key. 


Description

GO Launcher EX supports hundreds of themes, fast flip speed and tons of useful functions. 

Features:

- Hundreds of themes
- Fancy home screen transition
- Smooth scrolling experience
- Icon popup menu
- Folder and task manager in app drawer
- Gesture supported
- Scrollable & resizable widgets supported

Tips:
 
1. Pinch fingers to enter preview screen and edit home screen pages
2. Search “go launcher theme” to get themes and select them in “Themes preferences”
3. Set screen transition and flip speed in “Display settings”
4. Long press icons on home screen to active popup menu
5. Long press icons in app drawer to edit location, uninstall apps and create folders
6. If you can't set GO Launcher as your default home, download "Home manager"

Important:

1. This is a totally free application and we need directly call phone numbers permission to enable the direct dial shortcut on home screen.
2. We will bring out some charged apps like themes and widgets, but most of our apps are free!
3. The weather and clock widget in screenshots belongs to GO Weather, one of the applications developed by our team!
4. The other widgets in screenshots are our GOwidgets, try to search and download them in Android Market!
5. Download our “Classic Theme GO Launcher EX” to get the wallpaper!
6. GO Dev team has released GO Launcher EX, GO SMS, GO Weather and GO Contacts. More and more applications are coming soon!

Think of an extreme makeover to your phone? Try this out!

Recent changes:
1. (Improve) Add “confirm” and “cancel” buttons to hide-app list of app drawer;
2. (Improve) Change the display mechanism of number identifier of GO store icon;
3. (Improve) Change the display mechanism of app update info;
4. (Fix) Bugs of app drawer in certain circumstances.

Want to visit my other uploads?
 
http://www.kat.ph/user/StoneBoyTony/uploads/ 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/StoneBoyTony/

Enjoy and SeeD