Classix Nouveaux-Best Of CD. CD Rip at 320 KBPS Classix Nouveauxwas a group from England who played New Wave music in the 1980\'s. There was an advertisement placed in the Melody Maker for a new lead singer after the X-Ray Spex broke up. Sal Solo answered the ad and applied for the job. He was a former member of the power pop band called The News. Two members of the Spex group were impressed with his music. Jak Airport and BP Hurding left the group X-Ray Spex and decided to form the band, Classix Nouveaux. Mike Sweeney and Sal Solo were the other members of the group. The group received a lot of publicity and they were associated with the New Romantic music movement of the times. They were right alongside of other groups such as Japan and Ultravox. In 1980 the band signed on with EMI Record label and released their first studio recording single. The single was called Robots dance. The band also performed for the first time on television on the show called Thames In London. 

Classix Nouveaux released the album called Night People in 1981 and from it came the single called Guilty, which turned out to be their most popular single of all. The single also gained the band their international success. The band released their second album in 1982 and named it La Verite. The album produced the highest charting single called Is It A Dream. The band began to tour all over the world and it included all over Asia, including India, for the first time. The band released their final album in 1983. The album was produced by American Alex Sadkin and this allowed the band to experiment with a different sound. Their sound was more artistic and creative. The name of the final album was Secret, and from it came the single tracks, Never Never Comes, and Heart From the Start. The band was one of the first modern bands to ever perform in communist Poland. They received much success there not unlike that of the Beatles when they performed. There was much hysteria over their music. 

Solo was the only member left of the band and he went on to form his own solo work continued to tour as Classix Nouveaux. Later Solo went on to become involved in Catholicism and released several Christian albums. Mik Sweeney moved to Los Angeles, California where he built fretless basses and also recorded studio session work. He now lives in Ireland. Gary Steadman joined the group, A Flock of Seagulls and Jimi Sumen became a record producer in Finland and released a number of solo works there. The band had a total of 5 albums and 11 singles during their short career together. 
