Disk 5/6

Description
"From this day to the ending of the world, we in it shall be remembered. We few, we happy few, we band of brothers. For he today that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother."

Based on the book by historian Stephen Ambrose, this ten part series, at £87 million the most expensive TV production ever, follows the US 101st Airborne Division's E 'Easy' Company from initial training through operations involving D-Day, Market Garden and the Battle Of The Bulge across Holland, Belgium, Germany and Austria until the end of the war.

Episodes Comprise:

1. Currahee
2. Day Of Days
3. Carentan
4. Replacements
5. Crossroads
6. Bastogne
7. The Breaking Point
8. The Last Patrol
9. Why We Fight
10. Points

Special Features
We Stand Alone Together: The Men Of Easy Company' documentary featuring interviews with real-life members of Easy Company whose efforts are dramatised in the series (80 mins)
'The Making Of Band Of Brothers' documentary (30 mins)
'Video Diaries': actor Ron Livingston's personal experience of being part of the huge production
Footage from HBO's premiere screening on the beaches of Normandy
Character biographies
Stills gallery
Web links
Interactive menu
Chapter selection
Series Index

Technical Details
Actors Damian Lewis, Donnie Wahlberg, Ron Livingston, Matthew Settle, Dale Dye, Scott Grimes, Neal McDonough, Kirk Acevedo, Dexter Fletcher, David Schwimmer, Colin Hanks, Simon Pegg & Marc Warren
Certificate 15 years and over
Year 2001
Screen Widescreen 16:9 Anamorphic
Languages English - Dolby Digital (5.1)
Additional Languages Dolby Digital Surround: English  
Subtitles Arabic  Bulgarian  Croatian  Czech  Danish  Dutch  English  Finnish  French  Greek  Hebrew  Hungarian  Icelandic  Norwegian  Polish  Romanian  Swedish  Turkish
Duration 11 hours and 25 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

9,6/10 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0185906/

Band of Brothers [2001 PAL DVDR][En. Multisubs[18]

Band of Brothers" baserar sig på Stephen E. Ambroses bestseller och berättar historien om Easy Company, det 506:e regementet vid det 101:a luftburna divisionen av USA:s armé. Historien tar sin början vid deras träning i Georgia 1942, och följer dem ända fram till Dagen D och Nazi-Tysklands fall. "Band of Brothers" är en sann historia som baserar 
sig på mängder av intervjuer med överlevande, såväl som journaler och brev från soldaterna.

I boxen medföljer en bonus-DVD som inte går att köpa separat. Den innehåller dokumentären "We Stand Alone Together" om männen i verklighetens förband: The Men of Easy Company, Bakom kulisserna, Ron Livingstons Video Diaries, Who´s who: The Men of Easy Company 

Textning Arabiska Bulgariska Danska Engelska Finska Franska Grekiska Hebreiska Holländska Isländska Kroatiska Norska Polska Rumänska Svenska Tjeckiska Turkiska 
Ungerska
Ljud Engelska 
 
Bild Widescreen 1.78:1 (anamorfisk)
Extra material
» Documentär - "We Stand Alone Together: The Men of Easy Company"
» Making of Band of Brothers
» Ron Livingston's videodagbok
» HBO:s premiärvisning av miniserien på Normandy:s strand
» Biografier
» Webblänkar
» Fotogalleri
Längd: 603 minuter  
Kategori: Krigsfilm 
Originaltitel: Band of Brothers - Box (6 disc)  
Region: 2 (Europa)  
Regissör: David Frankel, Tom Hanks   
Inspelningsår: 2001  
Skådespelare: Damian Lewis, Donnie Wahlberg, Frank John Hughes, Matthew Settle, Rick Warden, Ron Livingston   

