Rips DVD to popular video and audio formats
Open DVD ripper supports video formats of AVI, MKV, WMV, MPG, 3GP, MP4, FLV, SWF, MOV, TS, RM, ASF, etc and audio formats such as MP3, M4A, WAV, AC3, MP2, AMR, FLAC, WMA, OGG, RA, AAC, AU, AIFF, etc. You can rip the files to any supportive format as you like.

Fast ripping speed and high quality conversion
With advanced technology and mature programming, Open DVD ripper achieves DVD ripping at a high speed. Compared with other DVD rippers, Open DVD ripper largely increases the encoding speed, which accelerates the ripping speed and enables the users to enjoy the ripped files in less time. (An NVIDIA video card is needed.) Meanwhile, the converted files are provided without much loss of quality in the process of ripping.

Supports wide range of media devices
Open DVD ripper makes it possible for you to enjoy your DVD collection on almost all the popular media devices, such as iPod, iPhone, iPad, AppleTV, PSP, PS3, XBOX360, Zune, Mobile Phone, GPhone, Smart Phone, PMP, Pocket PC, PDA, BlackBerry, iRiver, Windows Mobile phone, etc and various other mobile phones.

Easy and quick operation
The software is easy to operate with simple and clear instructional buttons for you to catch on. It is a real "one-click" solution to convert DVD movies to various popular audio and video formats. The user-friendly interfaces make the conversion process easy and fun. The function of video preview offers you great convenience in operation. There will be a upgrade prompt when starting Open DVD ripper if there is a new version. You can enjoy the new functions of Open DVD ripper as soon as they are released.

Compresses high volume DVD files
Do you think DVD files are not convenient for storage? With Open DVD ripper, you can easily save the space of your hard drive simply by ripping the DVD and compressing the files.

Supports subtitle conversion
Open DVD ripper supports ripping DVD along with the subtitles of the video files. This function lets users access to more movies with their preferred subtitle in different languages. It provides the convenience for you to enjoy a great diversity of movies at ease.


FOR MORE INFO READ.== http://www.open-dvd-ripper.com/dvd-ripper.html