 http://bayimg.com/eAhpLAadJ

The Walker (2007) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0783608/

The Walker is a 2007 drama film that was written and directed by Paul Schrader. It is a British-American independent production and was proclaimed to be the latest installment in Schrader's night workers series of films, starting with Taxi Driver in 1976, and then followed by American Gigolo in 1980 and Light Sleeper in 1992.

  Woody Harrelson  ...  Carter Page III  
  Kristin Scott Thomas  ...  Lynn Lockner  
  Lauren Bacall  ...  Natalie Van Miter  
  Ned Beatty  ...  Jack Delorean  
  Moritz Bleibtreu  ...  Emek Yoglu  
  Mary Beth Hurt  ...  Chrissie Morgan  
  Lily Tomlin  ...  Abigail Delorean  
  Willem Dafoe  ...  Larry Lockner  
  William Hope  ...  Mungo Tenant  
  Geff Francis  ...  Detective Dixon  
  Steven Hartley  ...  Robbie Kononsberg  
  Garrick Hagon  ...  Mungo Tenant  
  Michael J. Reynolds  ...  Ethan Withal  
  Allen Lidkey  ...  Andrew Salesperson  
  Stewart Alexander  ...  Edgar  


If Paul Schrader's The Walker were made in the 1940s, it would probably be playing at next month's film noir festival - there's a murder, but the movie is really about betrayal and the dark side of the human soul.

It also has a wicked sense of humor, with a bizarre yet accomplished performance by Woody Harrelson as Carter, a nattily dressed gay Washington insider apparently living off an inheritance from Daddy, whose job seems to be to keep the bored wives of Washington - Kristin Scott Thomas, Lauren Bacall and Lily Tomlin among them - occupied while their rich, powerful husbands make deals inside the Beltway.

Schrader considers this the completion of a lonely-man trilogy, after American Gigolo (1980) and Light Sleeper (1992). The Walker doesn't have the bite of those movies, or of his relatively recent masterwork, Auto Focus. Its gentle, languid pacing matches Carter's drawl - all da bettah ta get da witty Southern humah - but sometimes the drawl becomes too much of a crawl, even with all the scenery chewing by a stable full of wonderful character actors.

There is good writing here, and Thomas is very good as always, but the movie works because of Harrelson's performance. With not a hair in his toupee out of place, nor a wrinkle in his finely tailored suits, he plays Carter as a specimen suitable for mounting in a wax museum, until an amusing thought occurs and Botoxed skin crinkles at the corner of his eye and his mustached lips part to drop another witticism.

Carter seems blissfully unaware of the tightening noose of the murder investigation, but that's actually not true. He's not naive, nor superficial. He's a Washington survivor. 

Note: The press notes list Schrader's inspiration as Jerry Zipkin, who coined the term the walker; he squired Nancy Reagan and Betsy Bloomingdale to events and on shopping trips.

Schrader completed the script for The Walker in 2002. Initially the film was to be a direct sequel to American Gigolo, with Julian Kaye (played by Richard Gere) as the lead character. The director originally wanted Kevin Kline to play the lead.

