
Installation Information
1 Extract
(2) install the game
3 Wait for the patch-free DVD
4 Run the Game


Game Description
"Our goal is to produce a comprehensive than" Batman: Arkham Asylum, "the sequel it will not become a 'Forrest Gump 1.5'? Just as we did from the empty-handed, to produce a break 'comic / movie adaptation of the game will be bad 'spell works it, "Forrest City" will once again allow players to experience the feeling of shock, "" Batman: Arkham City "(hereinafter referred to as BAC) of the producer Sefton Hill told us . Yes, the clown and his henchmen were back, this time Batman will face even greater challenges.

The story immediately before the BAC, the villain in a special detention of asylum ** Forrest Gump was suppressed, the warden Quincy Sharp will all be attributed to his credit, in order to win the next mayor election. After he took office the first thing is to buy a large city slums, to transform it into a larger giant prison, this is the Forrest City. Forrest Gump the asylum then let Sharp memories of that disaster, so the prison he has created a new, and is the only rule: "Do not try to escape" - they do not escape, in which anything goes . Prison guard by the bloodthirsty mercenaries as Tyger, in fact, they are only responsible stationed Forrest Gump's "wall", all want to go out shooting, or unauthorized access to personnel. Seriously injured in a clown before the cure is Harley Quinn, he was ready to once again set off sabotage. Meanwhile, the mad Dr. was sent to prison, he was eager for this wicked concentration camp prisoners in the detention into a rage among the extreme. Writer said, BAC's story and animated film "Clown Returns," has considerable contact. The theme for this for, Batman voice actor Kevin Conroy describes it: "very, very dark, more than any of the current published a Batman comic book and movie theme."

[Game] configuration
OS: Windows XP, Vista, 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or AMD Athlon X2 4800 +
Memory: 2GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 17 GB free hard drive space
Video Card: ATI 3850HD 512 MB or NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT 512MB
DirectX ®: 9.0c
Other Requirements: Online play requires log-in to Games For Windows - Live
