Appetite for Self-Destruction: 
The Spectacular Crash of the Record Industry in the Digital Age 
Author:- Steve Knopper
Publisher: Brilliance Audio
Published: January 6, 2009
Language: English 
Duration: 11 hours and 5 min. 
ASIN: B001P6IX2A
Narrator: Dan John Miller 
Format: MP3 @ 96 kbps 



For the first time, Appetite for Self-Destruction recounts the epic story of the precipitous rise and fall of the recording industry over the past three decades, when the incredible success of the CD turned the music business into one of the most glamorous, high-profile industries in the world -- and the advent of file sharing brought it to its knees. In a comprehensive, fast-paced account full of larger-than-life personalities, Rolling Stone contributing editor Steve Knopper shows that, after the incredible wealth and excess of the \'80s and \'90s, Sony, Warner, and the other big players brought about their own downfall through years of denial and bad decisions in the face of dramatic advances in technology. 
Big Music has been asleep at the wheel ever since Napster revolutionized the way music was distributed in the 1990s. Now, because powerful people like Doug Morris and Tommy Mottola failed to recognize the incredible potential of file-sharing technology, the labels are in danger of becoming completely obsolete. Knopper, who has been writing about the industry for more than ten years, has unparalleled access to those intimately involved in the music world\'s highs and lows. Based on interviews with more than two hundred music industry sources -- from Warner Music chairman Edgar Bronfman Jr. to renegade Napster creator Shawn Fanning -- Knopper is the first to offer such a detailed and sweeping contemporary history of the industry\'s wild ride through the past three decades. From the birth of the compact disc, through the explosion of CD sales in the \'80s and \'90s, the emergence of Napster, and the secret talks that led to iTunes, to the current collapse of the industry as CD sales plummet, Knopper takes us inside the boardrooms, recording studios, private estates, garage computer labs, company jets, corporate infighting, and secret deals of the big names and behind-the-scenes players who made it all happen. 
With unforgettable portraits of the music world\'s mighty and formerly mighty; detailed accounts of both brilliant and stupid ideas brought to fruition or left on the cutting-room floor; the dish on backroom schemes, negotiations, and brawls; and several previously unreported stories, Appetite for Self-Destruction is a riveting, informative, and highly entertaining It offers a broad perspective on the current state of Big Music, how it got into these dire straits, and where it\'s going from here -- and a cautionary tale for the digital age.

Chapter 1 Prologue 1979=1982 Disco Crashes The Record Business
Chapter 2 Chapter 1 1983-1986- Jerry Shulmans Frisbee
Chapter 3 Chapter 1 1983-1986- Jerry Shulmans Frisbee [Part 2]
Chapter 4 Big Musics Big Mistakes, Part 1- The CD Longbox
Chapter 5 How Big Spenders Got Rich in the Post-CD Boom
Chapter 6 How Big Spenders Got Rich in the Post-CD Boom [Part 2]
Chapter 7 Big Mistakes, Part 2- Independent Radio Promotion
Chapter 8 Big Musics Big Mistakes, Part 3- Digital Audio Tape
Chapter 9 1998-2001- The Teen-Pop Bubble
Chapter 10 1998-2001- The Teen-Pop Bubble [Part 2]
Chapter 11 Big Musics Big Mistakes, Part 4- Killing the Single
Chapter 12 Big Mistakes, Part 5- Pumping Up the Big Boxes
Chapter 13 A Nineteen-Year-Old Takes Down the Industry
Chapter 14 A Nineteen-Year-Old Takes Down the Industry [Part 2]
Chapter 15 The Secure Digital Music Initiative
Chapter 16 2002-2003- How Steve Jobs Built the iPod
Chapter 17 2002-2003- How Steve Jobs Built the iPod [Part 2]
Chapter 18 Big Musics Big Mistakes, Part 7- The RIAA Lawsuits
Chapter 19 2003-2007- Beating up on Peer-to-Peer Services
Chapter 20  Chapter 6  2003-2007- Beating up on Peer-to-Peer Services
Chapter 21 Big Musics Big Mistakes, Part 8- Sony BMGs Rootkit
Chapter 22 Chapter 7  The Future- How Can the Record Labels Return to the Boom Times
Chapter 23  Chapter 7  The Future- How Can the Record Labels Return to the Boom Times [Part 2]

The Author:

Steve Knopper, a contributing editor for Rolling Stone, is the author of Appetite for Self-Destruction: The Spectacular Crash of the Record Industry in the Digital Age. 
Born in Livonia, Michigan, Steve attended the University of Michigan and wrote for the Richmond, Virginia, News Leader, the Boulder, Colorado, Daily Camera and the Gary, Indiana, Post-Tribune before becoming a fulltime freelance writer in 1996. His other books include The Complete Idiot\'s Guide to Starting a Band, co-written with veteran rock-band manager Mark Bliesener, and Moon Colorado, the latest version of which came out in spring 2009. He is the former on-air technology correspondent for Fox News Chicago, and wrote one of the very first blogs, Daily Net Buzz, for Yahoo! Internet Life magazine, from 1998 to 2002. Steve lives in northwest Denver with his wife, Melissa, and daughter, Rose.

The Narrator:

Dan John Miller is an American singer-songwriter and actor from Detroit, Michigan. He is currently the guitarist and lead vocalist for the gothic country-garage band Blanche. He made his major film acting debut in the film Walk The Line, playing Johnny Cash\'s guitar player Luther Perkins
An acclaimed audiobook narrator, Miller was named a Best Voice by Audiofile magazine. In 2009, he was nominated for two Audies, as well garnering a Golden Earphone award (Audiofile magazine), and a Listen Up! award from Publisher\'s Weekly.


