LEFTY DIZZ SOMEBODY STOLE MY CHRISTMAS
Label : isabel 900.503 
Year : 1979
Format:Mp3@320

A regular fixture of the Chicago scene from the mid-’60s into the early ’90s, Lefty was quite a sight back in those days; fronting his band, Shock Treatment, playing and singing with an unbridled enthusiasm while simultaneously putting on a show that would have oldtimers guffawing in appreciation while scaring White patrons out of their wits. As an entertainer, he was simply nothing less than a modern day Guitar Slim informed with the outrage of a Hendrix, pulling out every trick in the book to win over an audience, whether he was protecting his home turf bandstand or stealing the show while sitting in somewhere else. It was nothing for him to play a slow blues, bring the band down, and start walking through the crowd dragging his beat-up Stratocaster behind him like a sack of potatoes, playing it with one hand the entire time. Or take on some young Turk axeman gunning for his scalp (and gig) by kicking off Freddie King’s “Hideaway” at an impossibly fast tempo, calling for break after break while infusing all of them with so many eye-popping gags that the young Turk in question was merely reduced to becoming another member of the audience. As a bluesman, he was nothing less than deep and 100% for real. Nobody messed with Lefty Dizz.

Born in Arkansas in 1937, Dizz (the nickname was bestowed on him by Hound Dog Taylor and the HouseRockers, appropriating it from drummer Ted Harvey, who used the name when he was “playing jazz in the alley”) started playing guitar at age 19 after a four-year hitch in the Air Force. Entirely self-taught, he played a standard right-handed model flipped upside down, without reversing the strings. His sound was raw and distorted and his style owed more to the older bluesmen than to the hipper West Side players like Otis Rush and Buddy Guy working in the B.B. King mode. By the time he came to Chicago, he had honed his craft well enough to become a member of Junior Wells’s band in 1964, recording and touring Africa, Europe and Southeast Asia with him until the late ’60s. At various times during the ’60s and early ’70s, he’d also moonlight as a guitarist with Chicago stalwarts J.B. Lenoir and Hound Dog Taylor, while sitting in everywhere and playing with seemingly everyone. While being well known around town as a “head cutter,” Lefty Dizz was always welcome on anyone’s bandstand. His personality, while seemingly carefree and humorous, masked a deep, highly intelligent individual who had also earned a degree in economics from Southern Illlinois University.


Tracklist
1 Bad Avenue 5:52
2 It Hurts Me Too 3:43
3 Blues for Big Town 3:32
4 Funny Acting Woman 4:21
5 If I Can Get My Hands On You 3:57
6 Somebody Stole My Christmas 4:19
7 All Your Love 5:22
8  Nights By Myself 2:28
9 Anna Lee 5:07
10 See Me In The Evening 3:35

