Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                   
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                   
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates



More Golden releases here:                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                   
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains two videos (split into 4 and 5 files each) and four photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rjlj3cu54wye87vynkzu8p2cip 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?pitf2tkvbeeaxti3nfq8dke3mq 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?24fqm95n157wflvuvrmcu0sjg64v 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8pl0sd849974nsyhnp3icr2s 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0wy61k9urkfywecaczyhp8eczxos 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?w5n4u8cl8bzefznn6qaxorjcuiu6 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?fiypdvuee295mn3h2esddpv2x9dv


Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hi guys, its Madelyn. I flew in from Seattle yesterday and I'm shooting here in Phoenix all day. I thought it was supposed to be sunny and warm but I guess January is no warmer here than it is in Seattle. They paid for my flight to Phoenix and then I head over to LA after this and I'm planning to shoot more videos. I was recommended by an agent in LA to shoot with this site first and it was a lot of fun. I had to stay overnight and I had this really comfy bed to sleep in. You can say that I'm leaving my parents because they've been too strict all my life. My mom is the hardcore bible thumper and never let me do anything. I was even ashamed to masturbate and didn't until just a year ago because I was made to feel like its sinful. I was in an all girl Catholic private school too and there most of us ended up experimenting with each other. You could say that a school like that makes many girls lipstick lesbians. Well I turned 18 about a month ago and so I decided I want to leave cold and wet Seattle and start a new life. I worked full time at a clothing store but I wanted to make more money than 8 dollars an hour. So here I am :)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  For being a Teen 'runaway', she's actually quite a sweet girl, very positive, and fun-loving. Full of beautiful smiles, she's got a sort of natural fun comfortable way about her. While I was driving her from the airport to the house, she had that very innocent attitude about her, and what a beautiful face! When she sent the application photos from Seattle #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 you could see how beautiful she is. Those big pools of blue (her big blue eyes) and her naturally gorgeous smile is so radiant that it doesn't matter if she has funky red hair and arm tattoos. I know a lot of members won't like what she's done to her arm, and I didn't know until she arrived that she had them (somehow I didn't notice it on her 5th application photo). The shoot was more vocally 'interactive' as there was a good connection between us, and the conversation helped bring out that fun personality of hers. So yes, I talk more than I usually do on camera. She's set up to work with an adult talent agent after this, so I'm happy to have shot her before she gets 'tainted' by the industry. Her personality is so genuine at this point. Her first time experience covered many things, such as public nudity, masturbation, real orgasms, kinky penetration etc... She did bring Seattle weather with her though, and on this January day it was something like 38 degrees outside. The rain and the cold did inhibit my shoot somewhat, making it a light on the photos and shoots on location.  Also, throughout the shoot, I tried not-so-obvious foot fetish views, because she didn't like her feet, even though I thought they were rather cute, and some members would appreciate those angles/views.



Model Comments: I am a very sexual person and I masturbate daily using my vibrator I used to sneak under a pocket inside my mattress. Since I lived at home with my parents I had to be extra careful. I guess my tattoos were done to spite them and I got grounded for them for like 3 weeks. I had a fake id that said I was 18 and so I got them at 17. I had them on my arms on purpose so they would see them right away. I noticed that the photographer doesn't like them much either and I agree I'm not a fan of them but its not like I can take them off. I made sure I don't ever have any on the rest of my body. Something that does change with me all the time is my hair color though. Last month it was black, and my original hair color is blonde. People say I'm cutest as blonde but I wanted to change it up and I seem to look super innocent in blonde hair (and younger looking) so I really don't want that anymore. I'm not a bad person in any way and I'm never the kind of girl that hates on others but I do want to get frisky and experiment and get to see more out of life than school and the bible. My breasts are getting bigger and I like how I'm looking as I get older. Believe it or not I had no date on my prom and for the longest time I was the nerdy type at school. So its fun to model like I did today and see how cute I can look with a professional photographer. I posted some pics on my facebook but my friends in Seattle don't know that I'm shooting porn. Oh well, we will see what happens :P

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Danielle happened to be at the house doing a shoot with the trainee photographer (Daniel) so I let the girls get acquainted with each other earlier, then let them do some light girl-girl.  For whatever reason, Madelyn wasn't really into Danielle sexually, so it was mostly kissing and nipple/breast play.   Intimidated by the Vibraking, Madelyn was somewhat nervous about using the toy, but once she got into it, the toy brought her to a very strong and extended orgasm.  Multiple vaginal contractions visible.  I had her finger herself to show off the juices on her fingers, then do some extreme closeups of her swollen clitoris.  She ends up doing a 4 finger insertion with Danielle's encouragement.   We end up having a late lunch with a little bit of interview and flashing.  I've noticed something about girls who are brought up very conservatively -- they end up rebelling and it seems to me that there are a higher proportion of conservative catholic girls on FTV.  Let alone the fact that she's going to be doing more porn after this, quite likely hardcore in LA.  The sun had already set, and in the bathroom she talks about one of her younger sexual toys, using the curling iron.  I assume it wasn't as big as the one she used here, as it barely fit her.  Working it through, she eventually takes it all in.   Definitely a gorgeous girl, and cute FTV-type personality -- I hope you guys like her, even with the tattooed arms, on a rather prohibitively cold winter day.