Many books have been written on the subject of greenhouse gardening. Invariably they consist of two sections; the first deals with types of greenhouses, methods of heating and ventilation etc., and general greenhouse management; and the second consists of a comprehensive list of greenhouse plants, with usually a brief description of the plants, their culture and sometimes details of varieties.
Such books, and hundreds have been written during the past 200 years, are invaluable to the established greenhouse gardener, particularly as works of reference, but to the new greenhouse owner the long list of plants, most of which will be new to him, must be rather overwhelming. The purpose of this present work is to provide the newcomer with guidance, and at the same time to show how a greenhouse can be usefully employed the whole year round without the cost being beyond the owner\'s purse.

The foliage house plant is now a regular feature of our homes, but it does not replace a vase of flowers. Only a flowering pot plant can do this. If it is a question of buying either a flowering pot plant or a bunch of cut flowers, it is, in the long term, more economical to buy the pot plant if you know how to look after it.

The cost of heating your greenhouse is offset by the saving made in not having to buy flowers or plants once you have established your greenhouse collection which can provide the house with flowering pot plants throughout the whole year.
There are literally thousands of greenhouses in gardens which are completely unused during the late autumn and winter months. This seems such a waste when, for a modest outlay, the owners could utilise their greenhouses so usefully and profitably.

You could, for instance, house a collection of evergreen azaleas in pots, and the only time it would be necessary to provide any heat would be when the outside temperature falls below freezing point. A small paraffin stove would suffice and you would not burn many gallons of oil during the average winter. This would not interfere with the summer use of the greenhouse, because the azaleas are grown outside during this period.

