Krokus - Back-Seat Rock 'n' Roll [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video. "Back-Seat Rock 'n' Roll" is a song from Metal Rendez-vous, Krokus' fourth album, and the first to feature Marc Storace (the current vocalist) on vocals. It was released in 1980 and was hugely successful, becoming a triple platinum album in Switzerland, selling over 150,000 copies there alone. The track Heatstrokes charted number one in the British Heavy Metal Charts, and arguably opened up markets for Krokus in Britain and the United States, along with Bedside Radio and Tokyo Nights. Strangely, the song Tokyo Nights featured a reggae beat halfway through.

Krokus is a hard rock/heavy metal band from Switzerland. They enjoyed moderate success in North America during the 1980s.

Krokus was founded in Solothurn in 1974 by bassist (and original lead vocalist) Chris von Rohr and guitarist Tommy Kiefer as a primarily prog rock act. Chris von Rohr switched to lead vocals in the late 1970s and with that formation Krokus was successful in Switzerland, touring throughout the country. After seeing AC/DC in concert in the late 70s, they decided to change their musical direction and adopted a new sound which was heavily influenced by the band. 
Since von Rohr possessed limited vocal abilities and was not capable of hitting the third octave, the band decided to hire a new lead vocalist. Eventually, Marc Storace, formerly of TEA and Eazy Money, was hired. With the new lineup in place, the band recorded and released a new album entitled Metal Rendez-vous in 1980, bringing much wider international recognition.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metal_Rendez-vous 
      
http://bayimg.com/kAdJPaADN 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9382kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz 6ch 448kbps
   Duration: 00:03:15




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
