Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos.


"Traffic" is a track single which appeared in the album Just Be and Parade of the Athletes by Dutch DJ Tiësto. The track contains samples of Sean Deason's track "Psykofuck". When the album Just Be was released, his third single "Love Comes Again" was featured with it, "Traffic" turned into a B-Side after having great success in Tiësto's concerts and having a music video made which was released in its original form as well as its radio edit version. It is the first instrumental track to reach the top spot in his homeland of the Netherlands in 23 years.

Just Be is Tiësto's second artist album, released on 6 April, 2004 in the Netherlands and 15 May, 2004 in the USA (see 2004 in music). The album features BT, Kirsty Hawkshaw, and Aqualung on vocals. There is also a remake of Samuel Barber's "Adagio for Strings". The album's singles were "Love Comes Again", "Traffic", "Just Be" (the title track), and "Adagio for Strings". The track "Sweet Misery" was originally written for Evanescence but it did not meet the deadline for the release of their album.

Parade of the Athletes is a retrospective mix by trance DJ/producer Tiësto of his live set performed during the opening ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens, Greece on August 13, 2004. This was the first time that a DJ was asked to perform for a ceremony at the Olympics. Recognizing one of their own, the Dutch team came up to the booth while Tiësto was performing this set. All of the songs on this track are original songs composed by Tiësto except for "Adagio for Strings", which is his own remix of Samuel Barber's piece by the same name (the remix was also influenced by William Orbit's original electronic remix of the song in 1999), and "Athena", which is also a remix of Albinoni's Adagio in G minor.

The album contains 8 new tracks composed exclusively for the Olympic Games Athens 2004 Opening Ceremony, and 4 other well known tracks ("Traffic", "Lethal Industry", "Adagio for Strings" and "Forever Today"). An unmixed version was also released.

Tiësto OON (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈxɛstoː]; born Tijs Michiel Verwest [ˈtɛi̯s miˈxil vərˈʋɛst] on January 17, 1969) is a Dutch musician, DJ and record producer of electronic dance music. Although he has used many aliases in the past, he is best known for his work as DJ Tiësto. On his latest productions, however, he has dropped the "DJ" label and is now known simply as "Tiësto", an alias which is a twist of his childhood nickname.

In 1997, he founded the label Black Hole Recordings with Arny Bink, where he released the Magik and In Search of Sunrise CD series. In 1999 and 2000 he collaborated with Ferry Corsten to create Gouryella. His 2000 remix of Delerium's "Silence" featuring Sarah McLachlan exposed him to more mainstream audiences. In 2001 he released his first solo album In My Memory which gave him several major hits that launched his career. He was named "World’s No.1 DJ" 3 consecutive times by DJ Magazine from 2002 through 2004.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/