John Martyn
BBC Radio 1 Live In Concert



Label: Windsong International
Released: 1992
Recorded: 1971, 1977, 1986
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 440 MB
Format: FLAC




This album is a live compilation so to say including a very early recording from 1971 besides two from 1977. The majority of the tracks are from 1986 though where John Martyn played at the Glastonbury Festival with his band. The concert has been a revelation really, especially because he uses his guitar with many effects here. This is John Martyn at his best - mixing up jazzy and psych/space ingredients to a very impressing cocktail - obviously differing to his standard blues and folk oriented studio output.

The album opens with the early song Head And Heart lifted from a solo acoustic performance in December 1971. This one is taken from the studio album 'Bless The Weather' released the same year. A fine ballad which is soon followed by the traditional Spencer The Rover from 1977. Both tunes are proving his fantastic folk singer/songwriter qualities. Martyn's voice is charming by the way and sounds less smoky. And then we have to go nine years forward to Glastonbury where he plays with a real band, now featuring the cheerful Foster Paterson (keyboards) and Danny Thompson (bass). 

Mad Dog Days immediately transfers you to another, differing dimension. The sound quality is excellent, crystal clear. Here we have a collective of musicians which is perfectly interacting on top of it. Martyn plays a spacey delay modified guitar where Colin Tully (saxophone) and the other band members are offering a mellow jazzy respectively fusion mood. Now we are coming to a song couple - frequently offered live in this combination and belonging to some alltime live band favourites. Dealer is starting groovy rocking - Paterson shines with playful synthesizer adds. And then they celebrate a fantastic spacey floating transition into Outside In with John Martyn's emotional vocal contributions. Ten mesmerizing cosmic minutes from an other world!

From the following Big Muff to Johnny Too Bad the band is acting top-notch furthermore continuing with this special mix of fusion and psych - Danny Thompson playing a funky bass. Since 1986 drummer Arran Ahmun was a longtime compagnion until John Martyn sadly passed away in January 2009. Which means - he is relatively new in the band at that time but plays absolutely reliable and subtle. The hymn Over The Rainbow is presented very emotional - when you're in the right mood it probably will bring tears to your eyes.

The extended studio version of Outside In closes the album quasi like a bonus - probably John Martyn's finest spacey output ever - although he never was counted to this genre. He plays his instrument echoplex drenched and multilayered comparable to the Kosmische Musik dominating German guitarists Günther Schickert, Manuel Göttsching and Achim Reichel. And his vocal presence is nearly extraterrestial here.

Provided with superb audio quality and showing John Martyn's diverse facets this album is fantastic.

BBC Radio 1 Live In Concert is great!


Track Listing

 01 .  Head and Heart         
 02 .  Spencer the Rover         
 03 .  Mad Dog Days         
 04 .  The Dealer         
 05 .  Outside In         
 06 .  Big Muff         
 07 .  Serendipity         
 08 .  Looking On         
 09 .  John Wayne         
 10 .  Johnny Too Bad         
 11 .  Over the Rainbow         
 12 .  Outside In [1977 Extended Version] 
