

Aerosmith
O, Yeah! Ultimate
Aerosmith Hits
Bonus Tracks Edition (2002)


Known for an aggressively rhythmic style as rooted in James Brown funk as in traditional blues, Aerosmith were the top American hard-rock band of the mid-Seventies. After drug problems and internal dissension nearly destroyed the group, Aerosmith mounted a spectacular comeback in the 1980s. Despite a considerably more commercially slick and power-ballad oriented sound than they’d first emerged with, frequently drawing on outside songwriters, they managed to became even more popular the second time around.

Channels:		2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate:		44.1 KHz
Sample Size:		16 bit
Bit Rate:		320 kbps

Audio Quality:		Very High (Lossy)
Encoder:		LAME 3.98r
Encoder Settings:	Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains:		Album Art, ID Tag [ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1]
M3U Playlist:		Yes

Format:			Mp3
Genre:			Rock
Source:			Flac Conversion



As the sixth domestic Aerosmith hits collection and the first to feature selections from both their Columbia and Geffen years (not to mention that it's the second double-disc retrospective released within eight months), The Ultimate Aerosmith Hits should live up to its title -- and it does, for the most part. Over the course of two discs and 30 songs, almost all the heavy-hitters are hauled out, from "Mama Kin" to "Jaded," including both versions of "Walk This Way." Some of the songs are presented in a remixed form -- "Draw the Line," "Pink," "Just Push Play" -- but all of the new mixes are good, possibly even improvements, and the new song, "Girls of Summer," is strong (its companion, "Lay It Down," isn't as noteworthy). So, all the parts are in place -- why doesn't it feel definitive, then? After all, there are no big songs or hits missing (apart from the cover of "Come Together," which isn't much of a loss), just fan favorites and album tracks like "Lord of the Thighs," "Lick and a Promise," and "Chip Away the Stone" (and nothing from Done With Mirrors, for that matter). The reason it doesn't feel definitive is that the classic Columbia recordings are wrapped up by track ten, and then the best of their late-'80s comeback is wrapped up by the end of the first disc, which leaves disc two pretty much devoted to everything from Get a Grip on -- an era not widely considered their best, even though it had a number of hits, plus a couple of good songs along the way ("Crying," "Deuces Are Wild"). So, even though this delivers everything it should and will certainly be the one Aerosmith disc most casual listeners will need, it doesn't quite capture the essence of the band the way their greatest albums do (whether they're Rocks or Pump).


Track List:


Disc One

01.Mama Kin
02.Dream On
03.Same Old Song And Dance
04.Seasons Of Wither
05.Walk The Way
06.Big Ten-Inch Record
07.Sweet Emotion
08.Last Child
09.Back In The Saddle
10.Draw The Line
11.Dude (Looks Like A Lady)
12.Angel
13.Rag Doll
14.Janie's Got A Gun
15.Love In An Elevator
16.What It Takes


Disc Two

01.The Other Side
02.Livin' On The Edge
03.Cryin'
04.Amazing
05.Deuces Are Wild
06.Crazy
07.Falling In Love (Is Hard On The Knees)
08.Pink (The South Beach Mix)
09.I Don't Want To Miss A Thing
10.Jaded
11.Just Push Play (Radio Remix)
12.Walk This Way (Performed By Run DMC)
13.Girls Of Summer
14.Lay It Down
15.Come Together
16.Theme From Spiderman
17.Toys In The Attic



Cheers!