P. G. Wodehouse - Something Fresh (Unabridged) - Read by Jonathan Cecil


Source Cassette Tape
Duration approx 7:27 hours 
FhG MPEG 1 Layer III 48 Kbps 
CBR 44100Hz, 16-bit, Mono


The book

This is the first Blandings novel, in which P.G. Wodehouse introduces us to the delightfully dotty Lord Emsworth, his bone-headed younger son, the Hon. Freddie Threepwood, his long-suffering secretary, the Efficient Baxter, and Beach the Blandings butler.

As Wodehouse wrote, ‘without at least one impostor on the premises, Blandings Castle is never itself’. In Something Fresh there are two, each with an eye on a valuable scarab which Lord Emsworth has acquired without quite realizing how it came into his pocket. But of course things get a lot more complicated than this…


The author

Sir Pelham Grenville Wodehouse, KBE (15 October 1881 – 14 February 1975) was an English humorist, whose body of work includes novels, short stories, plays, poems, song lyrics, and numerous pieces of journalism. He enjoyed enormous popular success during a career of more than seventy years and his many writings continue to be widely read. Despite the political and social upheavals that occurred during his life, much of which was spent in France and the United States, Wodehouse's main canvas remained that of pre-war English upper-class society, reflecting his birth, education, and youthful writing career.

An acknowledged master of English prose, Wodehouse has been admired both by contemporaries such as Hilaire Belloc, Evelyn Waugh and Rudyard Kipling and by modern writers such as Stephen Fry, Douglas Adams, Salman Rushdie, Zadie Smith and Terry Pratchett. Journalist and writer Christopher Hitchens commented, "there is not, and never will be, anything to touch him.".

Best known today for the Jeeves and Blandings Castle novels and short stories, Wodehouse was also a playwright and lyricist who was part author and writer of 15 plays and of 250 lyrics for some 30 musical comedies, many of them produced in collaboration with Jerome Kern and Guy Bolton. He worked with Cole Porter on the musical Anything Goes (1934), wrote the lyrics for the hit song "Bill" in Kern's Show Boat (1927), wrote lyrics to Sigmund Romberg's music for the Gershwin – Romberg musical Rosalie (1928), and collaborated with Rudolf Friml on a musical version of The Three Musketeers (1928).


The reader

Jonathan Cecil (born 22 February 1939) is an English theatre, film and television actor. His full name is Jonathan Hugh Gascoyne-Cecil.

Cecil was born in London, England, the son of Lord David Cecil and the grandson of James Gascoyne-Cecil, 4th Marquess of Salisbury. His other grandfather was the literary critic Desmond MacCarthy. Brought up at Oxford, where his father was Goldsmith professor of English, he was educated at Eton, where he played small parts in school plays, and at the University of Oxford, where he read Modern languages, specializing in French, and continued with amateur dramatics.

At Oxford, his friends included Dudley Moore and Alan Bennett. In a production of Ben Jonson's Bartholomew Fair, he played a lunatic called Troubadour and a woman who sells pigs.

Of his early acting at Oxford, Cecil has said

I was still stiff and awkward, but this was rather effective for comedy parts, playing sort of comic servants in plays, and in the cabaret nights we had.

After Oxford, he spent two years training for an acting career at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, where he was taught by (among others) Michael MacOwan and Vivian Matalon and where his contemporaries included Ian McKellen and Derek Jacobi.


Enjoy and Seed!!