TBS Cover Editor v2.2.2-DOA


TBS Cover Editor will help you create box shots, DVD Case, Blu-Ray, iPod, iPad, CD and book covers. No matter what product you make and sell: software, e-books, music, movies, video or audio records, books, or even corn flakes.

The TBS Cover Editor is a unique tool that will help you create any virtual cover image for your product presentation. Adding a photorealistic cover image to your website, banner, article, or print ad will attract more attention to your product and will bring more customers and sales to your business.

Save yourself time: create virtual covers without overheads and superfluous operations With the TBS Cover Editor you can create your cover design in a single flat worksheet. Say goodbye to separate designs for each side; no more design slices in many image files.

The single-sheet concept of the TBS Cover Editor allows you editing of all box or cover sides on a single screen. The real time 3D preview immediately shows how your 3D cover output image looks like without switching between different windows or applications.

Save yourself money: no extra designers or tools are require With the TBS Cover Editor no additional expensive third party tools are required. The program supports all the steps of box shot and cover creation: from drafting and design, to 3D scene setting and image rendering.

The TBS Cover Editor has a rich toolkit for graphics creation and processing, including simple shapes, text labels, bitmap images, artistic texts and vector objects. You can quickly create a nice looking box cover by combining special effects that were previously only available in high-priced professional image processing programs.

The TBS Cover Editor comes with a large clipart library of common shapes and signs. You can create professional-quality 3D box shots, CD, DVD or book covers with no extra expense in a single program. Professional output: create realistic looking box shots and covers. Your every box shot will look as if it is made by a studio!

