Originally ripped by Exorcisor

Album Info:

Union Jack - Pylon Pigs

Record Label: Platipus
Catalog No: PLATCD220
Release Date: September 2009
Genre: Electronic
Style: Trance, Acid, Dance


Union Jack, Real Name: Simon Paul Berry & Paul Brogden

Pylon Pigs sees a triumphant return to action for the much admired Union Jack. Following on from their lauded live set at last year’s Ultra festival in Miami, the newly rejuvenated production duo released their eagerly anticipated second long player Pylon Pigs through Platipus Records.

Union Jack originally began as a collaboration between Platipus’s legendary label boss Simon Berry and Claudio Giussani. Disillusioned at the state of the early 90s music industry they joined forces, firstly remixing Nicely’s Away The Throttle Pedal Stop, before releasing their seminal debut single Two Full Moons and A Trout, an instant hit and sure-fire dancefloor destroyer it entered the pantheon of all time greats and is rightly regarded as a classic across the globe. Follow up single Cactus, reinforced their burgeoning reputation before their debut album There Will Be No Armageddon crowned them as kings of British Trance, demonstrating their effortless abilities to make silver-toned sounds for both home and dance floor listening as their third single Red Herring continued their clubland assault.

Fast forward to 2008, after a 7-year hiatus, Union Jack this time featuring Simon Berry and new production partner Paul Brogden (POB/Seismic Records) recommenced, blowing apart the Ultra Festival with a career spanning live set taking in all their classic cuts. Following the success of that live date the pair entered the studio to work on Pylon Pigs Union Jack’s first brand-new material in 11 years.

Kicking of their latest set, recent album precursor Papillon wastes no time dropping some bass propelled arpeggio goodness as Simon and Paul lay down the grooves for Union Jack’s depth and power to take centre stage. Submerge drips with string driven melodic beauty enveloping you in its liquid riffs before Triclops growling bottom end and hypnotic chops draw you in deeper still. Longhorn’s pounding heart is peppered with off kilter riffs as the rail-track rhythms of Mainlining take over, guiding you on an aural expedition that dovetails with the off beat pads of Blink sucking you into its snaking harmonies that build and build. Lifeblood’s comb-filtered vocal samples and sinister synths provide a gentle interlude before Vowel’s minimal bass and percussion develop into an expansive excursion taking you into Pylon Pigs’ home straight. The Dark Major’s jazzy lilting pulse is interspersed with warped glitch before Funnelweb’s epic rolling riffs complete a stunning return for Union Jack.


Track Listing:

1. Papillon
2. Submerge
3. Triclops
4. Longhorn
5. Mainlining
6. Blink
7. Lifeblood
8. Vowel
9. The Dark Major
10. Funnelweb