When pop artists work entirely on instinct, the results can be inexplicably good. It's often hard to take apart the pieces and explain what makes the whole thing so wonderful, because it feels like the music sprang up, fully grown, right out of the band's collective brain. And that's the way most of the B-52's music feels: inspired, soulful and really nuts.

But this double-EP is a good example of how too much thought can destroy a work of instinct. The remixes for "Party Mix!" are just annoying, but easy to dismiss, since you're getting "Mesopotamia" on the same CD. But I was just crest-fallen when I got this disc home and listened to one of the most brilliant pieces of early-80s pop gone sour.

I'd heard that the band didn't like the results of Mesopotamia's original production and felt that it sounded more like David Byrne(of the Talking Heads), their producer, than their own work. But Byrne took the band's wonderful qualities and pushed them in a new and unexpected direction. It was a very successful experiment.

For the CD release, the band went back and re-mixed the whole EP, dumbing down the hard, syncopated percussion, adding cheesy echoes and reverbs, and just cutting time out of some tracks all together. The result is an uncomfortable grafting of bad pop clichés onto the stark original. It doesn't sound like the original or like the B-52's better music. Fortunately, for those of us who still have decent vinyl copies of the original, we can rip our own CDs and pray they come to their senses in time to release the original version. 

I have found the songs as they were originally mixed from an early vinyl Ep. But could only find them in Mp3's recorded at 320 bits. So at least it is the best Mp3 has to offer. You can listen to both versions and decide which ones you prefer when making your own CD. Unlike many others, at least you get a choice.

Track listing:
Party Mix
1. Party out of Bounds
2. Private Idaho
3. Give Me Back My Man
4. Lava
5. Dance This Mess Around
6. 52 Girls
Mesopotamia
7. Loveland
8. Deep Sleep
9. Mesopotamia
10. Cake
11. Throw That Beat in the Garbage Can
12. Nip it in the Bud.

Enjoy and please seed.