Well, the wait is over.  Universal Music has revealed the complete details for the November 21 reissue of the Rolling Stones’ 1978 Some Girls across multiple formats.  Following in the footsteps of last year’s Exile on Main Street set, Some Girls will offer a number of previously-unreleased songs, recently completed by the Stones, as Jagger told German network ZDF last month: that “I’ve just been in the studio finishing some outtakes from 1978 … They’re going to be released [on] a rerelease of Some Girls.  So these are going to be some 10 extra tracks from that time [that] were never released.
No doubt collectors and casual fans alike will be anxious to revisit Some Girls.  The chart-topping album remains the band’s biggest-selling album in the United States, and was the Rolling Stones’ first to feature Ronnie Wood as a full member of the band line-up.  It’s a more accessible album than Exile, and includes the classics “Beast of Burden” and “Miss You” as well as fan favorite “Shattered” and even a raw, greasy Motown cover of The Temptations’ “Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me).” 
November 21 is the date to mark for Some Girls in all its various incarnations. 
The Rolling Stones, Some Girls (Rolling Stones Records COC 39108 – reissued Universal Music, 2011 –Deluxe/Super Deluxe/Vinyl)
 
 

The Rolling Stones
Mick Jagger – lead and backing vocals, electric guitar, piano on "Faraway Eyes"
Keith Richards – electric and acoustic guitars, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Before They Make Me Run", bass guitar on "Some Girls" and "Before They Make Me Run", piano on "Faraway Eyes"
Ronnie Wood – electric, acoustic, pedal steel, and slide guitar, backing vocals, bass guitar on "Shattered", bass drum on "Shattered"
Charlie Watts – drums
Bill Wyman – bass guitar, synthesiser on "Some Girls"
Additional personnel
Sugar Blue – harmonica on "Miss You" and "Some Girls"
Mel Collins – saxophone on "Miss You"
Simon Kirke – congas on "Miss You"
Ian McLagan – electric piano on "Miss You", organ on "Imagination"

Genre: Rock
Country: UK
Tracklist
CD 1
01. Miss You
02. When The Whip Comes Down
03. Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me)
04. Some Girls
05. Lies
06. Far Away Eyes
07. Respectable
08. Before They Make Me Run
09. Beast Of Burden
10. Shattered
CD 2
01. Claudine
02. So Young
03. Do You Think I Really Care
04. When You’re Gone
05. No Spare Parts
06. Don’t Be A Stranger
07. We Had It All
08. Tallahassee Lassie
09. I Love You Too Much
10. Keep Up Blues
11. You Win Again
12. Petrol Blues