The Fluffer (2001) 

Runtime:......1h 35 min
Genre:........Drama | Comedy | Romance
Directors:....Richard Glatzer, Wash Westmoreland
Stars:........Scott Gurney, Michael Cunio and Roxanne Day 
Country:......USA 
Language:.....English 
Subtitles:....English
Release Date:1 February 2002 (UK)
Details:......http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Fluffer
              http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245115/
Storyline:

The story, set in the world of adult entertainment, centers around three characters: 
Johnny Rebel, a straight man who has become a star in the world of gay porn; 
Johnny's stripper girlfriend Babylon; and Sean, a naive young man in love with Johnny, 
who ends up becoming Johnny's "fluffer". 

Review:

This film delves into the world of gay pornography in a similar (if inferior) way that "Boogie Nights" dissected straight porn. Cunio is a classic film lover, new to L.A., who inadvertently views a gay porno movie featuring Gurney. Soon, his obsession with Gurney reaches the point where he is willing to get a job in the industry merely to catch a glimpse of him. Eventually, he finds himself closer to him than he ever dreamed possible (hence the title.) Unfortunately, Gurney is ostensibly straight and does these films merely for the money. The film touches on, but doesn't explore fully, the fascinating aspect of this. Why, if Gurney is straight, is he able to (and willing to) be 'fluffed' by a male? Wouldn't a female do this job more efficiently? Why does Gurney allow Cunio to perform fellatio on him, but won't allow him to kiss on the lips? These questions are the ones that could provide more drama, insight and discussion than the rather obvious and tired explorations of drugs, crime and losing grip on popularity. The film might have had more impact if it had focused on the relationship between the two male leads and downplayed the more familiar aspects of the setting. The film has elements that are both clichéd and clever. The thing is that clichés are clichés because they have actually happened so many times that people begin to expect them. The clichés in this film are actualities in nearly every case. It just may not be necessary to dwell on them again (even thought they are ably presented here.) One particularly clever moment occurs when Cunio finally sets a date to go out with Gurney and when the day arrives, 'FRIDAY' flashes on the screen to the sound of an alarm. This was surprising and charming. The performances are excellent all around. Cunio is wonderful. He's gorgeous and affecting and is bound to go places if he can avoid type-casting after this. Gurney is excellent as well and totally 'gets' his character. His girlfriend is played by the striking Day who is a revelation in her portrayal. She excels at nearly every aspect of her character and is able to make the stale 'dancer with a heart of gold' role interesting and sympathetic. A palette of familiar faces rounds out the cast and all performers do well. "Lou Grant" fans should be stunned to see former cast member Walden practically begging to give oral sex to various men, but he does it convincingly. The faux video titles and covers are amusing and accurate (and the DVD presents a gallery of them.) One added note: a dash of frontal nudity may have given this film a bit more ring of truth. It's avoidance of it gives the movie a sometimes coy feel which is completely at odds with the gritty subject matter.

Enjoy the movies...

and

don't forget :

We live in a very homophobic world full of prejudice and violence against LGBT community. Let's change the world, reeducate the world in a good / understanding / modern spirit! 
Let's explain directly and indirectly to people how important is to respect and treat the LGBT community just as everyone else. Spread the word! 
Share the movie with your straight and gay friends. 
A picture says a 1000 words. A Movie says a Million words.

