San Francisco Rush Extreme Racing for Sony PS One                   Rel. 02/28/1998
 

Format:        CD-R NTSC
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         ccd/sub/img
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Playstation or Ps2, Breaker Pro/Boot-cd, 
               Game Enchancer/Built-in Mod, or psx emulator.
               (You only need to use one of these mentioned methods)


Compressed with 7zip. Game was tested and works.


Note: No Psone Backup Disc/game or copy will work unless your Psone or Ps2 
      Console is modded, or if you use a Boot Disc like Breaker Pro, or
      Use a Game Enchancer Plug in Port which is like a boot disc and
      Can Load Backups. For a Game Enchancer/Boots backups you have to
      First use a regular psone game use spring (instructions can be found 
      for this on the interent) and it spins for a little
      bit (Loads the verfication code) then you swap in your backup.



Includes emulator if you need one.



Game Description:

Though the N64 version for this game is much better than the psone this game trys to recreate the fun of the arcade hit, Midway added all-new courses and shortcuts. All six courses can be run in reverse, mirrored, or mirrored and reversed. There's even two hidden stunt courses! Graphically, the game sacrifices detail in favor of blindingly fast screen redraws. 

The gameplay is very arcade-like: You fly through the air with the greatest of ease, and when you hit a wall your car bursts into flames. You can customize your car with different colors, racing stripes, tire rims and much more.

The game does suffer poorly in graphics, but since there was bad rips floating around on the internet for this psone release I wanted to provide a working upload.



Burn with Alcohol 120%.

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't
working.


Please Seed This When your done.


If this is working fine for you post a comment let us know.


(I Can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!