Best Picture - 1949 - All the King's Men

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 946kbps 
Duration.............: 1:49:48
Resolution...........: 600*452 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 946,522,556 
SUBTITLES............: ENGLISH
 
http://bayimg.com/bakBiaaDN
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041113/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_the_King's_Men_(1949_film)


All the King's Men is a 1949 drama film based on the Robert Penn Warren novel of the same name. It was directed by Robert Rossen and starred Broderick Crawford in the role of Willie Stark.

Plot

All The King's Men is the story of the rise of politician Willie Stark (Broderick Crawford) from a rural county seat to the governor's mansion. He first teaches himself law and becomes a lawyer, championing the local people and gaining popularity. He then decides to go into politics. Along the way he loses his innocence, and becomes as corrupt as the politicians he once fought against.

The main story is a thinly disguised version of the rise and assassination of real-life 1930s Louisiana Governor, Huey Long. Also included is a series of complex relationships between a journalist friend who slowly sours to his ways, the journalist's girlfriend (who has an affair with Stark), her brother (a top surgeon), her uncle (a top judge who is appointed AG but eventually resigns).

When his son becomes paralyzed following a drunk driving accident which kills a female passenger, Stark's world starts to unravel and he discovers that not everyone can be bought off.

The story has a complex series of relationships. All is seen through the vexes of the journalist, Jack Burden, who admires Stark and even when disenfranchised still sticks by him. Stark's campaign assistant, Sadie (Mercedes McCambridge) is clearly in love with Stark and wants him to leave his wife, Lucy. Meanwhile Stark philanders and gets involved with many women, most notably Jack's own girlfriend, Anne Stanton.

When Stark's reputation is brought into disrepute by Judge Stanton (Anne's father) he seeks to blacken his name. When he eventually succeeds the judge commits suicide. Anne seems to forgive him, but her brother, a doctor and the surgeon who helped saved his son's life after the car crash, cannot. The doctor eventually assassinates Stark after he wins an impeachment investigation. The doctor in turn is shot down by Sugar Boy, Stark's fawning assistant.

Cast

Broderick Crawford — Willie Stark
John Ireland — Jack Burden
Joanne Dru — Anne Stanton
John Derek — Tom Stark
Mercedes McCambridge — Sadie Burke
Shepperd Strudwick — Adam Stanton
Ralph Dumke — Tiny Duffy
Anne Seymour — Mrs. Lucy Stark
Katherine Warren — Mrs. Burden (as Katharine Warren)
Raymond Greenleaf — Judge Monte Stanton
Walter Burke — Sugar Boy
Will Wright — Dolph Pillsbury
Grandon Rhodes — Floyd McEvoy