Electric Light Orchestra - It's Over [promo].VOB



HQ very rare promo music video. "It's Over" is a song recorded by the Electric Light Orchestra.

"It's Over" is the second track from the LP Out of the Blue. It was the last single to be lifted from the album and was released in the United States only, becoming a minor hit. The orchestral beginning was actually the end of "Mr. Blue Sky" reversed.

Out of the Blue is the seventh studio album by the British rock group Electric Light Orchestra, released in October 1977. Written and produced by ELO frontman Jeff Lynne, the double album is among the most commercially successful records in the group's history.

Jeff Lynne wrote the entire album in three and a half weeks after a sudden burst of creativity while hidden away in his rented chalet in the Swiss Alps. It took a further two months to record in Munich. The album had 4,000,000 pre-ordered copies and quickly went multi-Platinum upon release. Out of the Blue spawned five hit singles in different countries, and was ELO's most commercially successful studio album. It was also the first double album in the history of the UK music charts to generate four top twenty hit singles.

Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) were a British rock group from Birmingham, who released eleven studio albums between 1971 and 1986 and another album in 2001. ELO were formed to accommodate Roy Wood and Jeff Lynne's desire to create modern rock and pop songs with classical overtones. After Wood's departure following the band's debut record, Lynne wrote and arranged all of the group's original compositions and produced every album.
(video has a yellow/orange "vh1 classic" logo at the bottom right)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It's_Over_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/oADmLAAde 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 1523kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 448kbps
   Duration: 00:04:06




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
