Book Description
Network Security Technologies and Solutions is a comprehensive reference to the most cutting-edge security products and methodologies available to networking professionals today. This book helps you understand and implement current, state-of-the-art network security technologies to ensure secure communications throughout the network infrastructure.

With an easy-to-follow approach, this book serves as a central repository of security knowledge to help you implement end-to-end security solutions and provides a single source of knowledge covering the entire range of the Cisco network security portfolio.  The book is divided into five parts mapping to Cisco security technologies and solutions: perimeter security, identity security and access management, data privacy, security monitoring, and security management. Together, all these elements enable dynamic links between customer security policy, user or host identity, and network infrastructures.

With this definitive reference, you can gain a greater understanding of the solutions available and learn how to build integrated, secure networks in today’s modern, heterogeneous networking environment. This book is an excellent resource for those seeking a comprehensive reference on mature and emerging security tactics and is also a great study guide for the CCIE Security exam.

“Yusuf’s extensive experience as a mentor and advisor in the security technology field has honed his ability to translate highly technical information into a straight-forward, easy-to-understand format. If you’re looking for a truly comprehensive guide to network security, this is the one! ”
–Steve Gordon, Vice President, Technical Services, Cisco

Yusuf Bhaiji, CCIE No. 9305 (R&S; and Security), has been with Cisco for seven years and is currently the program manager for Cisco CCIE Security certification. He is also the CCIE Proctor in the Cisco Dubai Lab. Prior to this, he was technical lead for the Sydney TAC Security and VPN team at Cisco.

Filter traffic with access lists and implement security features on switches
Configure Cisco IOS router firewall features and deploy ASA and PIX Firewall appliances
Understand attack vectors and apply Layer 2 and Layer 3 mitigation techniques
Secure management access with AAA
Secure access control using multifactor authentication technology
Implement identity-based network access control
Apply the latest wireless LAN security solutions
Enforce security policy compliance with Cisco NAC
Learn the basics of cryptography and implement IPsec VPNs, DMVPN, GET VPN, SSL VPN, and MPLS VPN technologies
Monitor network activity and security incident response with network and host intrusion prevention, anomaly detection, and security monitoring and correlation
Deploy security management solutions such as Cisco Security Manager, SDM, ADSM, PDM, and IDM
Learn about regulatory compliance issues such as GLBA, HIPPA, and SOX
This book is part of the Cisco CCIE Professional Development Series from Cisco Press, which offers expert-level instruction on network design, deployment, and support methodologies to help networking professionals manage complex networks and prepare for CCIE exams.

Book Details
Hardcover: 840 pages
Publisher: Cisco Press (March 2008)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587052466
ISBN-13: 978-1587052460
File Size: 19.1 MiB