Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu (Tamil: வேட்டையாடு விளையாடு; English: Hunt, Play) is a 2006 Tamil crime-thriller film written and directed by Gautham Menon. Starring Kamal Haasan, Jyothika Saravanan, Kamalinee Mukherjee, Prakash Raj and Daniel Balaji in prominent roles, the film featured music composed by Harris Jayaraj. It was one of the first Indian films to make use of Super 35mm technology.[2] The film was dubbed in Telugu as Raghavan and released on August 17, 2007.

Raghavan (Kamal Haasan) is an honest cop in Tamil Nadu. His wife Kayalvizhi (Kamalinee Mukerji) dies in a violent incident. Raghavan is deputized to investigate the murder of Rani, the daughter of his colleague Arokiya Raj (Prakash Raj) in a remote village in Tamil Nadu. Arokiya moves to New York after his daughter's murder.

Some months later, Raghavan receives a message about the gruesome murder of Arokiya Raj and his wife. He proceeds to New York to conduct preliminary investigations, with the help of NYPD detective Anderson (Lev Gorn). There, he saves Aradhana Arun (Jyothika) from committing suicide over problems with her estranged husband. Raghavan unearths a series of murders of young girls in New York. He finds a pattern in those murders and a resemblance to Arokiya's daughter's murder in India. Based on these clues, he tracks down two Indian medical students studying in New York. The suspects escape to India after severely injuring Raghavan and killing Anderson.

Raghavan, who reveals that his wife was five months pregnant when she died, returns to India, and Aradhana follows him. She initially rejects Raghavan's offer of marriage. In India, the culprits chase Raghavan and commit a series of murders, including those of Raghavan's driver and security guards. Meanwhile, Aradhana accedes to Raghavan's proposal to marry. The serial killers see this and kidnap Aradhana in an attempt to blackmail Raghavan. Then follow action sequences that bring an end to the chase. In the dénouement, six months later, Raghavan and Aradhana get married, making Raghavan the stepfather of 17-month-old Maya.