Are you eager to install the game from 7 original CDs? No? Then this repack is for you.

This is a PROPER repack. Repacking this game wasn't simple. Unless you specify all the save slots in the registry - game won't save/load. And there was potential for other bugs. Frankly, I forgot, I made this repack long ago. I just remember two critical bugs could pop up if the game was not repacked properly.
The point is - other repacks of this game (if there are any, I haven't seen) may well be fucked up. So you better get this one.


Screenshots:

 
http://bayimg.com/aAjNkaadp
 
http://bayimg.com/AAJnlAaDp
 
http://bayimg.com/aAJNmaADP


Now, there is a reason why I've included BOTH QuickTime players in my autorun menu. You NEED to install both in order for the game to run. If you install only TQ 3.0 - the movies won't play (or will play with ;lags, I don't remember). If you install only new version of QT (feel free to install the latest), then the game will STILL demand QT 3.0 to be installed. So yes, you need both.

Now *I haven't tested it on Windows Vista/7*. Game should be compatible, but I don't know if you can install QT 3.0 on Vista/7. You'll have to download and figure it out for yourself. I believe people DO get this game running on Vista/7, so it should be compatible. But I myself haven't tested.


WARNING: You better install the game in the default directory. While it is NOT a bug of my repack (had this in original installation), it seems the game doesn't launch or crash when installed into a different directory.
It could have been just a random bug in Windows, but I'm warning you just in case. It may as well be a bug/issue within the game.


Anyway, this is a proper, full (nothing cut) repack of a truly great game. Get it, enjoy it, comment and seed. Especially seed. :)


P.S. Not including screenshots of the game here - googling for them takes a second. Don't be lazy, people. Just google for "X-Files: The Game".

P.P.S. I messed up name a bit - it's not "The X-Files Game", but "X-Files: The Game", but I don't think that's important.



-illiria