It's on Youtube (in bits and pieces), Veoh, MegaVideo, and other places--and has been subbed into both Chinese and Spanish (as far as I've found), with a smattering of English subs and separate translations. I haven't seen it made into a TORRENT (English subs, anyway), however, so. Voilà.

ALL CREDITS FOR SUBTITLES/ENCODING GOES TO THE LOVELY NICK ON LIVEJOURNAL. I decided to put together the torrent and risk detection for those who have shinatty download speeds.
***

Hetalia: Paint It White

[Alternative Titles]
Synonyms: Ginmaku Axis Powers Hetalia the Movie
Japanese: 銀幕ヘタリア Axis Powers Paint it, White (白くぬれ！)

[Information]
Type: Movie
Episodes: 1
Status: Finished Airing
Aired: Jun 5, 2010
Producers: Studio DEEN
Genres: Comedy, Historical, Parody

[Characters & Voice Actors (Surname, First)]

Main Roles:
China (Seiyuu: Kaida Yuki)
Japan (Seiyuu: Takahashi Hiroki)
United Kingdom (Seiyuu: Sugiyama Noriaki)
Russia (Seiyuu: Takato Yasuhiro)
France (Seiyuu: Onosaka Masaya)
America (main)/Canada (supporting) (Seiyuu: Konishi Katsuyuki)
North Italy (main)/South Italy (supporting) (Seiyuu: Namikawa Daisuke)
Germany (Seiyuu: Yasumoto Hiroki)

Supporting Cast:
Poland/Latvia (Seiyuu: Tanaka Kazutada)
Liechtenstein (Seiyuu: Kugimiya Rie)
Belarus (Seiyuu: Urara Takano)
Sealand/Tony (Seiyuu: Orikasa Ai)
Estonia/Prussia (Seiyuu: Kousaka Atsushi)
Iceland (Seiyuu: Asakura Ayumu)
Switzerland (Seiyuu: Paku Romi)
Ukraine (Seiyuu: Masuda Yuki)
Lithuania (Seiyuu: Takeuchi Ken)
Spain (Seiyuu: Inoue Go)
Hungary (Seiyuu: Neya Michiko)
Austria (Seiyuu: Sasanuma Akira)
Rome (Seiyuu: Hozumi Gōda)

***
Translated description:
Earth is under attack by extraterrestrials and eight persons meet to decide on a course of action. Although America wishes to fight, England and France are still recovering from an earlier conflict, Japan is indecisive, and Italy decides to wave a white flag.

The meeting ends without consensus, with each facing the aliens in his/her own way. However, all military actions prove useless and the white flag is ignored.

Reluctantly, the eight reconvene and come to the conclusion that the only way to discover the aliens' weakness is to infiltrate their mother-ship.

~ adapted and translated from official site by Cranston

(Good grief, TPB. Did you really make me try to upload this torrent over ten times. And make me remake the torrent file the same amount of times? Your uploading system is bloody ridiculous. I should not have to go at this for over an hour, and have the image be rejected for resize, despite it being smaller than most images I've seen on here. /RANT)