Shelly Manne & His Men - At The Black Hawk V05 

Original: Sept 24, 1959
Audio CD: July 1, 1991 
Label : Contemporary Records
Format: Live 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Rec Black Hawk, San Francisco, September 23 (# 1-4) & 24 (# 5, 6), 1959.

“ Unlike the first four volumes of this series, which included three or four selections previously released plus a "new" alternate take, the final CD of the extensive documentation of the Shelly Manne Quintet's stint at the Black Hawk club consists entirely of previously unreleased material. Fortunately, the performances by trumpeter Joe Gordon, tenor saxophonist Richie Kamuca, pianist Russ Freeman, bassist Monty Budwig, and the drummer/leader are the same high level as on the more familiar material. They perform obscure songs by Horace Silver (has anyone else ever recorded his "How Deep Are the Roots?") and Victor Feldman in addition to a trio feature on "Wonder Why," the ballad "This Is Always," and a new version of the band's theme song, "A Gem From Tiffany." ~ AllMusic ” 

When Shelly Manne's "At The Blackhawk" recordings were originally issued on vinyl, there were only four volumes. But in the era of CDs, labels have culled their vaults for additional material to beef up their reissues of classic recordings. There must have been plenty of leftover material from the Blackhawk sessions, because not only are their numerous alternate takes scattered among the original four volumes, but their was enough leftover for an entire 50 minute plus "Volume 5." And this is not mom's gross meatloaf leftovers, we're talking the filet mignon you couldn't finish at the five-star restaurant leftovers! These six tracks, heard no where else on the other four volumes, are just as good performance-wise and soundwise, as the classic material on Volumes 1-4. Of particular interest to me are a trio version of "Wonder Why" and the complete version of "A Gem from Tiffany," heard on the end of volumes 1, 2 & 4 as only a concluding morsel. If only all "previously unreleased material" were this good! ~ Michael B. Richman 

Personnel;
Shelly Manne - d
Joe Gordon - tp
Richie Kamuca - ts
Victor Feldman - p
Monty Budwig - b

Shelly Manne & His Men - At The Black Hawk V05 Tracklist;
01  How Deep Are The Roots (11:12)
02  This Is Always (10:14)
03  Wonder Why (8:56)
04  Eclipse Of Spain (10:42)
05  Pullin' Strings (4:44)
06  Theme: A Gem From Tiffany (5:49)

