Kevin Coyne was a musician, singer, composer, film-maker, and a writer of lyrics, stories and poems. The former anti-star was born on 27 January 1944 in Derby, UK, and died in his adopted home of Nuremberg, Germany, on 2 December 2004.
Coyne is notable for his unorthodox and unforgettable style of blues-influenced guitar composition, the intense quality of his vocal delivery, and for his bold treatment of injustice to the mentally ill in his lyrical songcraft. Many influential music figures have called themselves fans of Coyne\'s work - notable among them are Sting and John Lydon. In the mid-1970s his band included guitarist Andy Summers prior to the formation of The Police. Prominent BBC disc jockey and world music authority Andy Kershaw described Coyne as, variously, a national treasure who keeps getting better and as one of the great British blues voices.
Coyne produced the distinctive art work for many of his own album covers over the years, but his move to Germany in the 1980s saw his work on full size paintings blossom in its own right. A selection of his paintings may be found at his official website

As a teen and young adult Coyne studied at the Joseph Wright School of Art from 1957 to 1961 and then studied graphics and painting at Derby School of Art from 1961 to 1965. There he met Nick Cudworth  (piano, acoustic guitar). His love of American bluesmen developed, as did his songcraft and his guitar and vocal talents.
At the conclusion of his arts training, Coyne began the work that would change him forever - he spent the three years, from 1965 to 1968, working as a social therapist and psychiatric nurse at Whittingham Hospital near Preston in Lancashire and then for The Soho Project in London as a drugs counsellor. During this period of working with the mentally ill, he performed regularly. Subsequently, his musical aspirations took precedence and he signed a record deal in 1969.
Joined by Dave Clague (bass, acoustic guitar, ex-Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band), Coyne\'s band got an early break as a result of a demo heard by John Peel, who in 1969 signed them to his Dandelion Records label. At first billed as Coyne-Clague (an early Dandelion release erroneously named them just Clague), the band soon altered its name to Siren

Coyne\'s complete repertoire, contained in over 40 albums, shows a balance between tender love songs, songs of heart-breaking despair, songs of hope and songs of great humour. With many of his songs based on his life-long concern with life\'s casualties, the music on his albums often reflects extremes, with glorious melodies juxtaposed against tortured vocals or primeval screaming.
Kevin\'s refusal to compromise was shown early in his career when he turned down a meeting with founder of Elektra Records Jac Holzman (Coyne\'s band Siren were on Elektra in America) to discuss replacing Jim Morrison in The Doors. I didn\'t like the leather trousers! was Coynes\' alleged reason.

Coyne\'s first solo album Case History, recorded primarily with just his voice and guitar was powerful and direct, and was recorded for Peel\'s Dandelion label. When Dandelion ceased to exist the album largely sank into obscurity. Not before, however, it had come to the attention of Virgin records, who were sufficiently impressed to sign Coyne and release his 1973 album Marjory Razorblade. Described as being musically a mixture of blues and music hall comedy, with a punk edge, this album contained many notable songs, such as the bitter and irreverent Eastbourne Ladies and the plaintive House on the Hill about life in a psychiatric institution. It was the record that was to be largely responsible for putting Coyne on the map of mainstream rock.
Following a nervous breakdown and increasing difficulties with drink, Coyne left the UK in 1985. He settled in Nuremberg, Germany and having given up alcohol, never stopped recording and touring, as well as writing books and exhibiting his paintings. A selection of Coyne\'s writings, including many of his poems, can be viewed on the internet.
Coyne’s move to Germany saw his writing and painting career truly blossom. He published four books, two of which, Showbusiness and Party Dress, by Serpent\'s Tail in London. There were numerous exhibition of his visual work throughout Europe and the response was reassuringly strong. Those in Berlin, Amsterdam and Zürich being particularly well reviewed and attended. The paintings gained some notoriety  and still attract commercial attention.

In the late 1980s Coyne acted on stage, playing the small part of a rock star in Linie Eins (Line One), a German musical, at the Nuremberg opera house, but appearing only at the very end of the play.. His 1995 album, The Adventures Of Crazy Frank, was based on a stage musical about English comedian Frank Randle - with Coyne in the title role. It also starred the singer Julia Kempken who was erroneously listed in the Guardian obituary as Kevin\'s wife. Kempken later wrote fondly of this mistake, suggesting that her performance on stage as Randle\'s wife had been so strong as to transform her, in the eyes of the press, into Kevin\'s actual wife. In reality Kevin married only twice, first to Lesley and second to Helmi, having another relationship between the two which saw the birth of his son Nico.
In Germany his sons from his first marriage, Eugene and Robert, appeared on recordings such as Tough And Sweet (1993) and Sugar Candy Taxi (1999), with guitarist and multi-instrumentalist Robert joining his band. His later German recordings, including Knocking On Your Brain (1997) often featured the Paradise Band. In later years he also collaborated with Brendan Croker on Life Is Almost Wonderful, with Jon Langford of The Mekons (on One Day In Chicago) and with Gary Lucas once of Captain Beefheart\'s The Magic Band (on Knocking On Your Brain).

Diagnosed with lung fibrosis in 2002, Coyne died peacefully at his home. He is survived by his wife Helmi and his sons Eugene, Robert and Nico. His wife Helmi intends to continue releasing recordings Kevin made in his last years on Kevin\'s own Turpentine Records label. The first was Underground (2006). Notable albums from the large back catalogue are Case History (1972), Marjory Razorblade (1973), Millionaires and Teddybears (1978), Babble (1979) and Donut City (2004).


I Want My Crown: Anthology 1973-1980

Disc: 1

 1. Marjory Razorblade 
 2. Marlene 
 3. Talking To No One 
 4. Eastbourne Ladies (American Edit) 
 5. I Want My Crown 
 6. House On The Hill 
 7. Lovesick Fool 
 8. Keep Your Lamp Trimmed And Burning (Studio Version)
 9. River Of Sin 
10. Sign Of The Times 
11. I Believe In Love (Rough Mix)
12. Blame It On The Night 
13. Poor Swine (Alternate Version) 
14. Dance Of The Bourgeoisie
15. Saviour 
16. Lonely Lovers 
17. Sunday Morning Sunrise 
18. Rock \'N\' Roll Hymn 
19. Turpentine 
20. Let\'s Have A Party 
21. Lorna 

Disc: 2

 1. Which Way Can I Go
 2. A Life Divine
 3. I Love My Mother 
 4. Shangri-la 
 5. America 
 6. Big White Bird 
 7. Daddy 
 8. Case History No 2 (Live) 
 9. Fat Girl (Live) 
10. Roses In Your Room 
11. Mona, Where\'s My Trousers 
12. Rainbow Curve 
13. Rivers Of Blood
14. Dynamite Days 
15. Brothers Of Mine 
16. I Really Live Round Here (False Friends) 
17. I Am 
18. I Only Want To See You Smile 
19. Juliet And Mark 
20. Older Woman 

Disc: 3

 1. Having A Party 
 2. I\'m Just A Man 
 3. Pretty Park 
 4. Marigold 
 5. Don\'t Blame Mandy 
 6. World Is Full Of Fools 
 7. Burning Head Suite 
 8. Are You Deceiving Me
 9. Lonely Man (Studio Version)
10. I Confess 
11. It\'s My Mind (Studio Version)
12. Happy Homes 
13. Children\'s Crusade 
14. Learn To Swim - Learn To Drown 
15. Dark Dance Hall 
16. Day To Day 
17. The Old Fashioned Love Song 
18. New Motorway 
19. A Loving Hand 
20. Wonderful Wilderness 
21. You Can\'t Kill Us 

Disc: 4

 1. Chicken Wing (BBC In Concert, Golders Green Hippodrome 1974)
 2. Marjory Razorblade Suite (BBC In Concert, Golders Green Hippodrome 1974)
 3. Blame It On The Night (BBC In Concert, Golders Green Hippodrome 1974)
 4. River Of Sin (BBC In Concert, Golders Green Hippodrome 1974)
 5. Poor Swine (BBC In Concert, Golders Green Hippodrome 1974)
 6. Fat Girl (BBC In Concert, Golders Green Hippodrome 1974)
 7. Mad Boy (Live in Hyde Park)
 8. Mummy (Live in Hyde Park)
 9. Marjory Razorblade Suite (Live in Hyde Park)
10. Let\'s Have A Party (Live in Hyde Park)
11. Poor Swine (Live in Hyde Park)
12. Need Somebody (Live in Hyde Park)
13. Chicken Wing (Live in Hyde Park)
14. Boogie Chillun (Live in Hyde Park)
