Kyuss (KAH-yoos) was a kickass stoner rock/metal band from southern California. Techinically, they only released 4 albums, but I included their first debut EP and their split EP with Queens of the Stone Age.

Pretty much singlehandedly, Kyuss invented the 'desert rock' or 'stoner rock' genre- they would go out to the middle of desert, invite a lot of people and rock the fuck out. These events were known as 'generator parties' because the band would bring portable generators for electricity.

It was at these generator parties that Kyuss perfected their songs and released their first 'professional' album, 'Wretch'. It was released in '91 and the band really did not like the sound of it, as the engineers completely failed to capture Kyuss's sound. See, all the guitars you hear on a Kyuss album are played through bass amps, which gives them the 100% unique sound that you've probably never heard anywhere else.

The band released 'Blues for the Red Sun' in June of 1992, which I personally believe is one of the greatest albums ever written. It's got some amazing grooves on it. Bassist/vocalist Nick Olivieri left the group after releasing this album.

On June 28, 1994, the album 'Welcome to Sky Valley' was released, working on the same gnarly formula Kyuss had already established. The new bassist, Scott Reeder, definitely had an impact on several songs on the record. Original drummer for Kyuss, Brant Bjork, left the band after releasing this album.

Alfredo Hernandez joins up with Kyuss to record and release '95's '...And the Circus Leaves Town'. For Josh Homme (guitar) and Scott Reeder (bass), this will be the last Kyuss they will perform on.

After the release of '...And the Circus Leaves Town', Kyuss split for 15 years. However, in 2010 tour dates were announced by original Kyuss members Nick Olivieri, Brant Bjork and John Garcia, the trio were to perform as 'Kyuss Lives!', featuring guitarist Bruno Fevery filling in the space left by Homme. Josh Homme, busy with other commitments (mainly QotSA), has consistently denied the rumors that he was planning or even wants to reform Kyuss and tour ever again.

---

This torrent contains:

Sons of Kyuss (1990)
Wretch (1991)
Blues for the Red Sun (1992)
Welcome to Sky Valley (1994)
...And the Circus Leaves Town (1995)
Kyuss/Queens of the Stone Age (1997)

All of the tracks are neatly organized, e.g. Kyuss - Freedom Run.mp3. Artwork and all other details for each track are filled in, all you have to do is import the songs into your itunes and you're ready to go.

Enjoy, and keep an eye out for Kyuss Lives! tour dates!  

