Sanctum Update 1 and 2 - SKiDROW

25-04-2011........Release Date ... Protection...............Steam
FPS..................Game Type ... Disk(s)....................DOX

RELEASE NOTES

Sanctum Update 2 info:


Changelog 7053-> 7062 HOT FIX

- Fixed Save Game issues caused by 7053.
- Reverted Mine layout for multi-player.


Sanctum Update 1 info:


Changelog 6917-> 7053

We are very happy to tell you that the Server Browser is finally 
here. This should hopefully let ALL you who didn't manage to get 
port forwarding working to finally be able to play the game in 
multi-player!

Towers

- Mortar level 5 AoE fixed
- Anti-Air projectile turn speed increased slightly

Weapons

- The weapon will no longer become invisible when teleporting 
  switching weapon

Enemies

- Dealing less damage to Armoured than their armour value doesn't 
  lower the total damage done for the towers in the stat screen

Building system

- When aiming at a tower that can't be built on the current map, 
  it's now treated as aiming at a part of the world
- Tower base hologram does not disappear when selling a tower 
  built in a previous build phase.

Levels

- Mine - added a lot of towerbases in multiplayer
- Arc - added 4 towerbases
- Arc - removed the towerbase underneath the level

General

- Now updating Achievements stats at the beginning of the Build Phase.
- You can no longer access the chat in the menu
- The sound is no longer slowed down when restarting or exiting a 
  level while in a slow-field


IMPORTANT NOTES

The patch has some issues. We did stress this out, as we believed you 
wanted to play as fast as possible.

- Restart Game and New Game from Score Scene
- We have not got this working correctly yet, thus they are disabled, 
  but it will be fixed soon.

Mine

- There's been a change on Mine in multi-player where you can build your 
  own televators. Sadly we forgot to put in a "Starting Televator" why 
  you need to make sure that you build one before you start fighting or 
  you might not get back on the map if you fall down
- Going from a Steam Game to a TCP/IP game
- Can currently cause issues. You will need to restart Sanctum if you 
  decide to switch to TCP/IP after a Steam Game. Most of you won't use 
  TCP/IP thus you won't need to bother about this.


There's probably some more issues around, and these will be fixed. We 
will also add filters to the search functions etc.

Hope you will enjoy the Server Browser! 


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack release
2. Run Sanctum.Update.1.and.2.exe
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder to the main install
   folder and overwrite
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - SHOCK
CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan