Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                                             
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                                             
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                                             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                                             
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 


This torrent contains three videos (split into several files) and five photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?fz7p8ahia174vsopyv5un2p46kj 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?d0553tyk0921uu9vv34xjzt5jz2t 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3nsh2cbagf0n81mow6p9bp4ct52 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?094tb1jotvmlu67gxtyvh4wfurr8 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wu3gnrfnpde6r960kpk31o8ez2zy 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kupyzrhev1icjaic55davljv5 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rupuhgaisms811v92gwxml6x0903 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?k3xrdtbytklmrmhzp71zrwbdo8z 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8bwkkpntn72v93p2akwdnswml15 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ba8r9dfgoxzyx51rxpfujko7mc0s 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xsr92yzaberzapx7uyyqmdk6x8bj 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?f70zrjg4k5ijt7tum27r8ppa6czz 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?klahc1pezopa2f0c56jy3gopu8vr

Additional screenshots and previews are in the torrent.


Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: I'm never shy about being naked. I'm always naked in my house and I'm the one who always has her top off at the beach. I don't really care to wear bras so I usually don't have any. I was wearing a loose black shirt on the plane and I didn't have bra on, so guys are always staring at my boobs. I like the attention :) I wasn't always so skinny though. I was 145 pounds once believe it or not. When I lost the weight it doesn't show thru stretch marks so I'm lucky. It happened around my early teens, and my family used to tease me so much so I ended up becoming anorexic for a while. I'm happy with the way I look now and I think 100 pounds is perfect for someone whos 5'1" and has boobs like mine :) Anyways, I'm not trying to have you guys feel sorry for me at all, I'm quite happy now. And I stay healthy. I don't do any kinds of drugs mostly because my family was doing it and it only served as a lesson to me what not to do in life. I left home at 16 and had all sorts of jobs like working at McD's, working as a server in several restaurants. I wanted to do porn because I'm a sexual person and I'm not a sexual prude either. This shoot today was sooo crazy fun and if they're all like this then I'm excited to do more. I'm so proud of myself for being able to fist, squirt and everything else I did today and who would've thought? Well I'd say I had some training beforehand with my ex-boyfriend whos still a good friend of mine. We met a year ago and he's in the army and ended up going to Afghanistan. He has a very big penis and really thick too. So after having sex with him for a year I'm able to do things like that big pink dildo. Don't worry though I'm still very tight. My muscles cramp up inside me especially when I have orgasms. I'm definitely hoping to come back so I can try fisting even deeper and do more public shooting at the mall as the photographer has promised. I also want to try that vibrator that plugs into the wall again because it was like nothing I've ever experienced!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   I had to gas up the car, so why not do a shoot out of it? I had her warm up to public nudity by going topless exposing those very nice perky breasts for everyone to see. I hid behind a wall and shot in a way so that people wouldn't think she's being videotaped. It opened her up quite a bit, and we moved on to a college area where she gets more naked and masturbates with a vibrator. She has a nice, strong orgasm, with visible vaginal contractions. It leads to her taking all her clothes off on the street, and 'stuffing' the toy while she walks. More public shooting continues as she sits at a waiting area near a bus stop, and spreads for us, giving us upskirt views. People nearby notice, and she only wants to show off even more, flashing them (even off camera). The dress is very sexy on her, especially with those matching heels. It all comes off when she starts using the Big Pink Toy. When I heard the car rapidly approach the area, I honestly thought we were going to get kicked out, but fortunately they were cool and only wanted to watch. By the end one of the guys came out of the car and took pictures of her (and thanked me lol). It was then that I realized that she has a lot of potential for public nudity, along with an affinity to bigger toys... possibly extreme. At lunch, I push the limits and have her play with a vibrator under the table. Then getting super risky, all-out nudes at a water fountain right in front of a restaurant, and playing through sprinklers at a busy street. She loved every minute of it (and can do cartwheels!). She looked cute in the black dress & heels, so a little dancing to warm up, then she tries fisting (which she asked to try). She surprises us both by managing to full fist (and getting into it too). Probably my favorite outfit for the day -- the white seethrough top and yellow heels. We went to a very pretty spot near a resort, and have her try riding the Glass FTV Toy. She does an admirable job on it, but it definitely is way too big for her. A lot of apprehension on using the Vibraking toy... but I was confident it would be a success. And it was... she ends up having the strongest orgasm of her life, and squirting too. A surprise shocker for us both. Picture #232 pretty much sums it up, her stunned reaction to something she's never experienced before :)


Model Comments: Back back back :)  So my hair is straight this time because the photographer requested it.  My hair is naturally wavy like in my other shoot but according to the photographer guys prefer girls with straight hair.  I straighten my hair about 40% of the time when I'm going out.  Since I had worn a few cute things last time I brought the other half of my wardrobe.  The photographer took a liking to my white dress and I didn't want to wear any underwear for it.  I was sooo excited to try the nudes in public again and I got my wish to go to the best mall in the city.   I even got a nice dress out of it!   So I have to tell you the last time when I fisted well my vagina was sooorre like as if it was going to fall out of my body.  I've never been that sore before.  So why do I want to do it again?  Because I wanted to and it looks so darned amazing on the video!   Ugh I do have to work on getting back into shape though and becoming more flexible I've almost forgotten how to do cartwheels.  My body is tight but I know it won't last forever.  Well I'm making money doing this now so I don't have to work long hours as a waitress and I can take time to go to the gym and do some jogging near the beach.  By the way, notice my hair is lighter too!  I did it just for this video!   Bye and I'm trying to get a friend of mine to do it too so maybe I can come back with her for another shoot.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Her original application photos:  #1 #2 #3 #4 #5.  So I brought her back mostly because of her extreme enthusiasm to try more of what she loves the most -- public nudity.  And that at a mall.  We went to a 'high security' mall, so I was very weary of getting caught.  She would get guys' attention simply because of that dress & heels, and the noticeable fact that she isn't wearing any panties.  So a lot of breast flashing everywhere, upskirt views, even finger rubbing in the waiting area.  The we go to a department store where we pick a cute dress for her to try out, and she shoots herself undressing & playing... and the dress ends up being our favorite for the rest of the day.  At a shoe store she does more teasing, and on our way out she does the riskiest thing, recording herself topless as she walks through the department store.  Those are times I wish I had second cameras to show people's reactions to her walking topless.   The very end the housewife that spots her topless decides to follow us out... because she has nothing better to do.  Out at the parking area she flashes some more, gets totally naked, then masturbates on the steps to a nice natural orgasm with visible vaginal contractions, and a mini-squirt.  The red dress seemed perfect for another fisting session, and she did it even deeper perhaps?  She wanted to do it again...  Lunchtime flashing and the employees there turned a blind eye on what I was doing (good thing) and even some clit closeups under the table.  Out at a park for some topless acrobatics, and even another topless walk on the street with (mostly) angry responses.  Here simple public nudity seems to bring anger instead of joy.  Oh well...  A vibraking finish to another strong orgasm, and extreme closeups of her 


Model Comments: (on previous pages)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  This was the very beginning of the shoot on day1, and more of an 'outtake' warm-up as she was doing adult for the very first time in her life. Somewhat shy & quiet, I started her with a poolside scene in a bikini, where she slowly warms herself up to masturbation. She said she can orgasm with fingers, and she has a small one by the end -- opening her up to smiles and more conversation. Of course, you know what happened afterwards... So once her barriers were broken, her real personality came through, and she wanted to try everything. Chances are by the time your read this though, she will have appeared on other porn sites. I ended up introducing her to a trusted adult talent agency in LA where she wouldn't be mistreated (because she had a strong desire to do a lot more adult work after this).
