Thompson Twins - We Are Detective [promo].VOB



HQ very rare promo music video. "True To You" is a song from Quick Step and Side Kick, the third album by the British synthpop group Thompson Twins. It was released in February 1983, and was their first album to be released as a trio (the band consisted of up to seven members during previous releases). The album reached no.2 two on the UK Albums Chart and was later certified Platinum by the BPI.

In the USA, the album was released simply as Side Kicks, and was only the second Thompson Twins album to be released there.

The album was the first collaboration between the band and producer Alex Sadkin and was recorded at his Compass Point studio in the Bahamas. The singer Grace Jones (who had worked with Sadkin on three of her albums by that time) made a guest appearance on the track "Watching", though her vocals were not included on the track when it was remixed and released as a single in mid 1983.

The album has several different versions according to different territories, containing different tracks and different track order. The UK cassette version of the album also contained a whole side of remixes of various tracks and the 12" extended version of the B-side "Beach Culture".

The Thompson Twins were a British New wave group that were formed in April 1977 and disbanded in May 1993. They achieved considerable popularity in the mid 1980s, scoring a string of hits in the UK, the US and around the globe. The band was named after the two bumbling detectives Thomson and Thompson in Hergé's comic strip, The Adventures of Tintin. A predominantly synthpop trio, they were joined on stage at Live Aid by Madonna and were at the forefront of the second so-called British Invasion.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quick_Step_and_Side_Kick 
      
http://bayimg.com/MADJBaadi  
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 8000kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:08




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*        
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
