

SpeedUpMyPC - the application software award winning helps your PC is automatically optimized for best performance with just a few clicks. SpeedUpMyPC is a system utility that helps you get the most out of your computer without depth knowledge of Windows. It is capable of freeing the memory (RAM) and other resources, detect and optimize your internet connection, reassign CPU resources to improve performance and prevent crashes. It also includes a startup manager to help Windows boot faster inactivation of the programs you do not want to start with your computer. Bandwidth monitoring integration allows you to keep an eye on your internet connection and can automatically detect your true connection speed. Other features include browser optimization, automatic RAM cleaning and an interactive display in the system tray.
SpeedUpMyPC optimize your settings, freeing up resources and cleanup easier than ever. With simple explanations and real-time graphs for all vital system resources, SpeedUpMyPC identifies performance bottlenecks in minutes. With dozens of optimization tools, such as RAM recovery, CPU optimization, startup management, and automatic crash recovery, SpeedUpMyPC is THE must-have utility for both beginner and less experienced users.
Dramatically optimize CPU processing power and speed critical apps
Use and optimization features powerful disk defragmentation faster and more efficient versions of regular integrated
Remove the background and automatically start the system is not necessary to boot noticeably faster.
Improve data security with the tools new File Shredder and Privacy Protection to permanently erase files and folders unwanted
Use File Clean Up feature to automatically free hard disk space
Optimal settings for your internet connection bandwidth bigger, faster browsing and download
Features of SpeedUpMyPC
User Interface:
Graphical user interface friendly
Automatically check performance
Overview and recommendations for system
Systems and help guide the rich
Table optimize system
Shortcut tray
Chart system details
Minimum:
CPU Usage Overview
CPU Features
Overview of using RAM
Optimize RAM
Disk space
Analyze and defrag the drive
Analysis speed internet
Optimize internet speed
Startup manager
Monitoring tasks
Cleaning:
Clean up junk files
Results detailed cleaning
Delete personal information
Results delete personal information details
The splitter
Manager removed
Installation:
Launch applications and systems
Scan when the system boots
Launch tray
Supported Systems: Microsoft Windows XP / Vista / 7 (32-bit / 64-bit)