  	
gatekeeper 	bookcover 	gatekeeper2
Bernie the Croc 	frisky croc 	monsters

Supercroc Warriors and Humans Fight Over the Earth.

On the outskirts of Bangkok, Thailand an independent crocodile farm allowed some cognitive enhancer (smart pill) experiments on their crocodiles by a non government organization. Unknown to the crocodile farm and the NGO, the experiments were a complete success beyond expectations transforming the crocodiles into a much more intelligent species then their human keepers. This newly developed species of Supercroc can now walk upright, talk and make use of its arms and clawed hands just as well as any human.

All of the crocodiles involved in the experiments disappeared from the crocodile farm only to end up living riverside in Bangkok.

With their unique accelerated learning capabilities the Supercrocs became aware of the global political and ecological destruction of animal species. They are intent on freeing animals from the evil human species that have brought earth to its present ecological disasters now threatening extinction to all life on earth. Vicious Supercrocs use kidnapping, robbery and intelligence to fund their terrorism war against the human enemies whom they eat. Determined to hold those accountable for exploiting animal species the shopping malls, boxing stadium and train stations are not safe from these advanced Supercrocs. Their latest advanced weapon systems against the police and army are put to the test before their scheme to establish Crocland over Thailand.

Overwhelmed by the ignorant masses of humans on earth Supercrocs wish to rule as God.

As the Supercrocs successfully advance their war capabilities they are supported by the sympathetic scientist who developed their new found intelligence while he is busy changing the crocodiles worldwide into Supercrocs.

Involved with the Supercrocs by accident and chance Ben a middle aged expatriate who seems only interested in being a drunken playboy may well be the only one chance humans have to escape destruction by these highly intelligent, technologically advanced man eaters.