Type: TV series Episodes: 10 /? Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy, Shonen, Super Power, Underworld Year: from 02.10.2011 to ??.??.???? Country: Japan Audio: Japanese, 44.1 KHz, 2-channel, AAC Video: 1280x720 (16:9), AVC/x264, ~ 1500kbit / s Subtitles: Bulgarian Built! Release is a group: SatsugaiFanSubs Producers: Madhouse Studios Length: 25:00 minutes per episode for more Links Information: 



Summary:



Remake of the popular anime Hunter x Hunter, created by Yoshihiro Togashi of manga - author of Yu Yu Hakusho and Level E. In the world inhabited by people who differ in their appearance and in their profession. Some choose to become doctors, other architects, third teachers, and so on, but the dream of many is to become Hunters. Hunter is a profession filled with many privileges. People in this industry can go to places where ordinary men can not, obtain fame, money, etc. To become one, you need to go hunting exam and obtain a "license to Hunter." Both are good hunters, there are also bad, whose names are written on the black list ... Friyks Gon was a kid living on the island of Kit together with his grandmother and aunt. In early childhood has lost his parents, but that makes him or feel lonely or sad ... Gon is a child who is radically different from other children his age. He loves the woods, where he lives and is not afraid of wild creatures found in her home. One day the unexpected happens. Gon is attacked by "mechkolisitsa" but was saved by Kite - Hunter, whose goal is to find his teacher. It turns out that his mentor was Jean Friyks - Gon's father. After a long conversation with Kite, Ghosn understands that his father was one of the greatest hunters in the world and that is still alive. On this night the main protagonist decides to attend the Hunter exam and take it. Starting on the road leading to his purpose in life, he meets Kurapika - a big boy it aimed to destroy the "Spiders" - bloodthirsty killers who once killed his clan called Kurt, Leorio - teenager whose dream is to become a doctor, and Killua - son of the family Zoldik, which deals with contract killings for centuries. Kids learn about the exam for Hunter and quickly became friends. At a later stage they understand that the exam is only the first step of their lives together find that deep into this vast world there are many more powerful hunters, whose objectives are appalling. Seeking to win some of them, kids should open a new page in the book and focus on search powers, which have not even dreamed of ... 
