1 º DVD - Beyond Relativity - Einstein Revealed

This documentary not only explains the various theories of Einstein, as he describes his life faithfully. It was produced by NOVA / PBS from the notes of the scientist himself. And it will help you understand the scientific creativity that dominated the greatest name in modern physics. Redo, thanks to the resources of the drama, the extraordinary journey of a student not so bright and so a husband could not handle the "unpredictability of human relations," to become the most famous physicist of all time. Check out the animations that will help you understand the Theory of Relativity. Participate in Einstein's reflections on the nature of light and merge into a continuous space-time inseparable forever changed the image we have of the universe.

Discover the secrets behind Einstein's scientific creativity.

The Theory of Relativity and the life of its creator, explained with pictures and animation.

Based on memories and notes from Einstein himself.

Part 1

1) A Children Pleasant.
2) Early Explorations.
3) The Problem of Light
4) Time of Despair.
5) The Problem of Motion.

Part 2

1) Playing with gravity.
2) Signs of Jealousy.
3) The World in Four Dimensions.
4) A Theory Too Beautiful to Be True.
5) Einstein and God.

2nd DVD - The Big Idea - Einstein's Big Idea - E = mc 2

This documentary not only changed the equation that explains the universe. In 1905, a young officer of an obscure Swiss patent office concluded that mass and energy are inseparable in Nature. This idea would also completely change the way we view the universe. His young formulator, Albert Einstein, would be acclaimed as the most famous name in modern physics. Nothing escaped this detailed historical re-production of NOVA / PBS.
It will allow the viewer to understand Einstein's equation (E = mc 2) and, concurrently, will reveal the path of other great names of science that somehow contributed to his work, as Michael Fraday, Antoine Lavoisier, and Lise Meitner.
The stories of these innovative giants, with their share of success and failure, love and rivalry. Politics and revenge, is a real saga, which influenced Einstein from a young age.

Everyone has heard of, but you really understand what it means E = m * c 2?
All details of the amazing discovery that Einstein made the most brilliant scientist in modern history.
Meet the innovative giants who influenced Einstein in the success and failure, love and rivalry, politics and revenge.

Chapters

1) Introduction.
2) Bern, Switzerland, 1905.
3) "E" Energy - Michael Faraday.
4) "m" Mass - Antoine Laurent Lavoisier.
5) "c" of Celeritas - James Clark Maxwell
6) "2" in the Square - Emilie du Chatelet
7) E = mc 2 - The Holy Grail of physics.
8) Opening the Atom - Lise Meitner.
9) E = mc 2 - The Future.

3 º DVD - E = m * c2 - Equation of Life and Death of Einstein

Near the 2nd World War in the late 30's, Albert Einstein wrote a letter to U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt:
"Distinguished President: The element called uranium can be turned into an important new form of energy in the immediate future. Certain aspects of this situation requires caution, and if necessary, quick action by the administration. Extremely powerful bombs of a new type, can now be built ... "
The letter was on the application of Einstein's famous equation E = mc2 and his fear that the Nazis could use to build an atomic bomb.
His letter prompted a chain of events that led to the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Albert Einstein, later described the writing of this letter as the great mistake of his life.
This is the story of his most famous equation E = mc2 and how history and Einstein changed forever.


4 º DVD - Einstein and Eddington

The English astronomer Arthur Eddington was greatly responsible for spreading the theory of Einstein's General Relativity to the West. The first papers were published in Germany in 1915, amid the conflicts of the First World War, and were it not for the support of Eddington, and the expeditions organized in 1919 to prove it, perhaps a long time would pass before the General Relativity was finally accepted.

Country of origin: United Kingdom
Director: NOVA PBS and BBC in association with HBO Films.
Length: 06:29:00
Color: NSTC
Release Year: 2008
Extension: ISO
Quality: DvD-R
Video Codecs: DivX
Video Resolution: 720x480
Release Year: 2008
Screen Format: FullScreen
Frame Rate: 29,970
Bitrate: 128 kbps
Audio codecs: AC3
Number of Channels: 2.0
Original Language: English
Type of Audio: English
Subtitles: Subtitles in Portuguese-Brazil

Number of DVDs: 4
Size: 10.82 GB
File Extension:. ISO
Audio Language: English
Video Quality: DVD-R
Release Year: 2008
Resolution: 720 x 480
Screen Format: Fullscreen (4x3)

