 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51%2BMWlwHAmL._SS500_.jpg



Be Your Own Brand: Achieve More of What You Want by Being More of Who You Are 

Berrett-Koehler's; Second Edition Edition 
David McNally  ,  Karl D. Speak
2011
ENGLISH
ISBN  ; 1605098108 
158 Pages 
PDF 
1.45 MB

 In this second edition of their classic book on personal brand David McNally and Karl Speak show that developing a personal brand is not about constructing a contrived image. Rather, it is a process of discovering who you really are and what you aspire to be. The hallmark insight of this new edition is that the best way to establish a strong and memorable brand is to make a positive difference in the lives of others through making lasting impressions that build trusting relationships. McNally and Speak take you through the process of identifying the key components of your brand, conveying that brand to the world, checking how closely your brand aligns with important relationships in your life—particularly your employer—and assessing your progress along the way. This thoroughly revised and updated edition features new material on how to use social media to build a powerful personal brand and case studies of individuals whose personal brands have changed the world. "Squarely delivers where other books have left off by creating a genuine self-understanding and a strong picture of the person you are and want to become to create real sustainable personal change.”
 --Stephen Weiss, Former President EDMC Online Higher Education and Former President and COO Capella Education Company “A strong personal brand is paramount for effective leadership. Be Your Own Brand is a powerful and practical guide for building deep and meaningful relationships.”
 --Perry Cantarutti, Senior Vice President, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Delta Air Lines “Be Your Own Brand, when applied within a business organization, has the power to accelerate the pace of organizational brand development tremendously.”
 --Taras K. Rebet, President, West Europe, Otto Bock HealthCare GmbH “From this book you’ll experience deep introspection and discover your own brand which will surely ignite personal and professional growth.”
 --Heather Backstrom, Employee Development Manager, Moog, Inc. – Aircraft Group



 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/511Ns1OsB8L._SS500_.jpg


How We Remember: Brain Mechanisms of Episodic Memory 


The MIT Press
Michael E. Hasselmo
2011 
ENGLISH
ISBN  : 0262016354
384 Pages 
PDF
6.43 MB 

 Episodic memory proves essential for daily function, allowing us to remember where we parked the car, what time we walked the dog, or what a friend said earlier. In How We Remember, Michael Hasselmo draws on recent developments in neuroscience to present a new model describing the brain mechanisms for encoding and remembering such episodes as spatiotemporal trajectories. He reviews physiological breakthroughs on the regions implicated in episodic memory, including the discovery of grid cells, the cellular mechanisms of persistent spiking and resonant frequency, and the topographic coding of space and time. These discoveries inspire a theory for understanding the encoding and retrieval of episodic memory not just as discrete snapshots but as a dynamic replay of spatiotemporal trajectories, allowing us to "retrace our steps" to recover a memory. On the behavioral level, Hasselmo emphasizes the capacity to encode and retrieve spatiotemporal trajectories from personal experience, including the time and location of individual events. On the biological level, he focuses on the dynamical properties of neurons and networks in the brain regions mediating episodic memory, addressing the role of neural oscillations and the effect of drugs on episodic memory. In the main text of the book, he presents the model in narrative form, accessible to scholars and advanced undergraduates in many fields. In the appendix, he presents the material in a more quantitative style, providing mathematical descriptions appropriate for advanced undergraduates and graduate students in neuroscience or engineering. how remember brain mechanisms episodic memory,




 
http://ec2.images-amazon.com/images/I/51Uj9XssGXL._SS500_.jpg


The Complete Idiot's Guide to the World of Harry Potter


 Alpha 
Tere Stouffer
2007 
ENGLISH
ISBN  : 1592575994 
189 pages 
PDF
1,7 MB 

 Here is an entertaining and easily referenced presentation of insider information to the world that J.K. Rowling has created in her spellbinding series of novels. The Complete Idiot’s Guide® to the World of Harry Potter explores all aspects of the wizarding world and explains factually in terms of their relationship to historical, literary, religious, scientific, or mythological roots.
 —In-depth information on the facts behind all seven books in the Harry Potter series
 —Covers all the relevant influences for the Harry Potter series, from religion and mythology to science and literature.
 —Can be read from cover to cover or used as a quick-reference guide

