Once is a 2006 Irish musical film written and directed by John Carney. 
Set in Dublin, this naturalistic drama stars musicians Glen Hansard (of 
popular Irish rock band The Frames) and Markéta Irglová as struggling 
musicians. Collaborators prior to making the film, Hansard and Irglová 
composed and performed all of the original songs in the movie.

Shot for only €130,000 (US$160,000),the film was successful, earning 
substantial per-screen box office averages in the United States.[4] It 
received enthusiastic reviews[5][6] and awards such as the 2007 Independent 
Spirit Award for best foreign film. Hansard and Irglová\'s song \"Falling Slowly\" 
received a 2007 Academy Award for Best Original Song and the soundtrack as a whole 
also received a Grammy nomination.

Once spent years in development with the Irish Film Board. It was during a period 
where the film board had no chief executive (for about 6 months) that the film was 
given the go-ahead by a lower level executive on the proviso that the producers 
could make it on a budget of approximately 150,000 euros and not the initial higher 
budget.

Plot

An unnamed, thirty-something Dublin busker (listed in the credits as \"Guy\", played by 
Glen Hansard) sings and plays guitar on Grafton Street, a Dublin shopping district. He 
struggles with the trials of performing on the street, including chasing after a heroin 
addict (Darren Healy) who attempts to steal his earnings. Lured by his music, an unnamed 
young Czech immigrant flower seller (listed in the credits as \"Girl\", played by Markéta 
Irglová) approaches him and, despite his annoyance, persists in questioning him about his 
songs. Delighted to learn that he also repairs vacuum cleaners in his father\'s shop, she 
insists that he fix her broken cleaner.

The next day she brings her Hoover by and parlays it into lunch together, whereupon she 
piques his interest by telling him that she is a musician, too. He asks to hear her play, 
so they visit a music store where she regularly plays piano. After teaching her one of 
his songs (\"Falling Slowly\"), which she quickly learns to play, they sing and play the 
song together, kindling a musical and potentially romantic connection. He invites her and 
her ailing vacuum back to his father\'s shop, and on the bus home musically answers her 
question as to what his songs are about: a long-time girlfriend who cheated on him, then 
left (\"Broken Hearted Hoover Fixer Sucker Guy\").
Once stars Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová

At the shop, he repairs her vacuum and she meets his father (Bill Hodnett), who seems 
indifferent to his son\'s musical talent. The Guy takes the Girl up to his room, but when 
he asks her to stay the night, she is insulted and leaves. The next day, he apologizes 
and they quickly patch things up, as over the course of a week they excitedly write, 
rehearse and record songs, and get to know each other. Songs continue to be performed 
in a real-world, diegetic fashion, often in their entirety, as when the Girl rehearses 
her lyrics for one of the Guy\'s songs (which she entitles \"If You Want Me\"), singing to 
herself while walking down the street, or when at a party, people perform impromptu 
(including \"Gold\", performed by a trio featuring guitarist Hansard singing harmony).



Their flirtation continues, but at the same time, he is thinking about and writing about 
(\"Lies\") his ex-girlfriend (Marcella Plunkett), who moved to London. The Girl encourages 
him to move there, win his girlfriend back and pursue his musical career. Invited home to 
dinner by the Girl to a house set in Mountjoy Square, the Guy discovers that she has a 
toddler (Kate Haugh) and lives with her mother (Danuse Ktrestova). He soon decides that 
it is time to move to London, but he wants to make a high-quality demo of his songs to 
take with him and asks the Girl to record it with him. She takes the lead as they secure 
a bank loan - from a bank where the loan officer (Sean Miller) is a musical hobbyist—and 
reserve time at a professional studio.

On a romantic motorbike jaunt aboard his father\'s 1966 6T Triumph Thunderbird, she reveals, 
much to his consternation, that she is married, though her estranged husband is back in the 
Czech Republic. When Guy asks if she still loves her husband, she answers in Czech, \"Miluju 
tebe\",[7] but coyly declines to translate what she said. In the Czech language it means \"It 
is you I love.\" After recruiting a trio of musicians (Gerard Hendrick, Alaistair Foley, Hugh 
Walsh), they rehearse, then go into the studio to record. Their lack of experience shows, but 
they quickly impress the jaded studio engineer Eamon (Geoff Minogue) once they begin recording 
their first song (\"When Your Mind\'s Made Up\"). On a break in the wee hours of the morning, the 
Girl finds a piano in an empty studio and finally plays the Guy one of her own compositions 
(\"The Hill\"), which tells of romantic frustration. She breaks down before finishing the song 
and he responds by asking her to come with him to London, but is not prepared for the reality 
of her mother coming along to help with the baby.



Still, he is smitten. After the all-night session wraps up successfully, they walk home. Before 
they part ways, the Girl reveals that she spoke to her husband and he is coming to live with her 
in Dublin. The Guy asks her to spend his last night in Dublin with him; she says that it would 
only result in \"hanky-panky\", which is a \"bad idea\", but after the Guy\'s pestering she ultimately 
agrees to come over. In the end, she stands him up and he cannot find her to say goodbye before 
his flight. He plays the demo for his father, who, moved and impressed, gives him money to help 
him get settled in London. Before leaving for the airport, the Guy buys the Girl a piano and 
makes arrangements for its delivery, then calls his ex-girlfriend, who is happy about his 
imminent arrival. The Girl\'s husband (Senan Haugh) moves to Dublin and they reunite.

Format : AVI
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 702 MiB
Duration : 1h 22mn
Overall bit rate : 1 182 Kbps
Writing application : VirtualDubMod 1.5.4.1 (build 2178/release)
Writing library : VirtualDubMod build 2178/release

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format profile : Advanced Simple@L5
Format settings, BVOP : 1
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Custom
Codec ID : XVID
Codec ID/Hint : XviD
Duration : 1h 22mn
Bit rate : 1 057 Kbps
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 352 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Color space : YUV
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0
Bit depth : 8 bits
Scan type : Progressive
Compression mode : Lossy
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.188
Stream size : 627 MiB (89%)
Writing library : XviD 1.2.1 (UTC 2008-12-04)

Audio
ID : 1
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Mode : Joint stereo
Mode extension : MS Stereo
Codec ID : 55
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 1h 22mn
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 112 Kbps
Nominal bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Compression mode : Lossy
Stream size : 66.7 MiB (10%)
Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
Interleave, duration : 24 ms (0.60 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 539 ms
Writing library : LAME3.98r
Encoding settings : -m j -V 4 -q 2 -lowpass 17 --abr 128