This is the 2003 Zapruder film symposium.
-----------------------------------------

My video source is the U-tube site Richdell, so you may preview all material there:

The You-tube videos occasionally (mostly) lack a correct audio-video synchronization,
and for a spoken presentation, it make everyone look like an idiot. 
I have, to best of my ability, re-synced the video/audio. In some places the sync 
is not perfect, and at a short moment I fail completely to find the correct sync, 
but this is MUCH BETTER than the U-tube source.

The video has also been processed and filtered to lower the pixelation of 
the video, and in DivX format you can also load the AVI:s into your DVD player, 
to look on them on your TV. Total play time is 15:25:59.
To work better on a TV set, the picture was reduced in the frame, as most 
TV-sets (the analogue things with a tube) don't show the whole complete 
frame.

Video format is NTSC, mostly, though this seems not to make any difference 
any more; I have PAL equipment, and it runs just fine.

The compression is not very aggressive, it is 1500kbps-2000kbps, and the material 
are mostly slow presentations with still pictures.

The presentations focus mostly on the "Zapruder" film, though a general overview 
of a great many funny things on the JFK assassination is also included.

ALL TORRENTS SEEDED, but, kindly, I cannot seed much on each one, so do help 
each other, and be patient. (And if you are not very patient, drop an e-mail.)

Trackers: edit and enter some modern working trackers. I keep a note of working
trackers on my site. The seeder and peer shall share at least one tracker.

Visit Simon's site www.cluesforum.info for discussion of current events; 
the moderators are good at cleaning up the board from insults and garbage; 
indeed a very lovely forum.

To all JFK-reseachers, check my "new-comer"-interpretation in file
Secret_Service_Standdown.avi, title taken from a You-tube video.

May peace and truth surround you when you are hit by the next idiotic "event" 
to promote a new war. This was Tufa on www.tufavideo.net
