Actors: Jimi Hendrix 
Directors: D.A. Pennebaker 
Format: AC-3, Color, Dolby, DTS Surround Sound, DVD, NTSC 
Language: Unknown (Dolby Digital 2.0), Unknown (DTS 5.1), English (Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo), English (Dolby Digital 5.1), English (DTS 5.1) 
Region: All Regions 
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1 
Number of discs: 1 
Studio: Experience Hendrix 
DVD Release Date: October 16, 2007 

This special edition DVD features all of the existing film footage from Jimi's incendiary June 18,1967 concert newly transferred to high-definition specs from the original 16mm camera reversal original. Re-edited and presented in its original performance sequence, this DVD showcase of a legendary performance is completely unreleased.

DVD bonus features include:
*The brand new documentary, "American Landing," which traces Jimi's remarkable transformation from obscurity to his triumphant U.S. `debut' at the Monterey Festival.
*"A Second Look," a unique feature that allows viewers to switch between multiple, previously unseen camera angles to view several of Jimi's celebrated performances like never before.
*"Music, Love & Flowers: The Monterey International Pop Festival", a behind the scenes glimpse of the festival's origins, operations, and lasting impact, brought to you by legendary composer, producer and Monterey Festival co-founder Lou Adler.

As an extra special bonus, watch the earliest known film and sound recordings of The Jimi Hendrix Experience in concert from February 25, 1967 before a packed audience in Chelmsford, England. Songs featured are "Stone Free" and "Like A Rolling Stone." 

by AMAZON


Jimi Hendrix's closing set at the Monterey Pop Festival (following the Who's destruction of their own instruments) was only 40 minutes long - but what an impressive 40 minutes! Will anyone who has seen the footage of him burning his guitar on stage (shown on the cover of this DVD) every forget that image? 

This reasonably priced DVD from Experience Hendrix (managed by Jimi's sister Janie) contains those 40 minutes and so much more. Guitar aficionados will appreciate the option to see different camera angles (my DVD player shows the angle image throughout so it wasn't important to me). Archivist types will enjoy the inclusion of the earliest existing footage of the Hendrix band playing in a small club in 1967. The new documentary "American Landing" has some fascinating interviews with those involved and is useful in explaining Hendrix's popularity to the next generation of fans. 

Another bonus which I found as a "hidden gem" is "Music Love and Flowers" a nice mini documentary on the Monterey Pop Festival itself. Sure the complete festival is out there on video on D.A. Pennebaker's film, but this short extra gives the background and contains new interviews with Lou Adler and John Phillips who basically organized it. This makes this package of interest even to fringe Hendrix fans. 

If Jimi was alive now he'd be eligible for Medicare this week! Can he have been gone so long and died so young (27!)? 

If this isn't in every Hendrix collector's DVD collection, I don't know why not. 

by Steve Ramm "Anything Phonographic"