TV : Mystery : DVD quality : English

This is the remastered set of Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes in The Complete Granada Television Series. This is a 12 disc box set. The audio problems and occasional video problems that were apparent in the original set released have been fixed. This set is much better.

Here is a link to the set on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/Sherlock-Holmes-Complete-Granada-Television/dp/B000RPCJB6/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=dvd&qid=1226506624&sr=8-1

These are straight DVD rips. The only change I have made is to shrink each individual disc to fit onto a standard sized DVD-R using DVD Shrink. There is very little to no quality loss. All menus are intact. I don't know if there is a lot of interest in excellent quality DVD rips of this title since avi files are available but I for one prefer straight rips.

Language Track in English
Subtitles available in English and Spanish

This is a huge file but, honestly, it is easier for me to seed one big one than to try to keep 12 small ones alive. So please help me seed. If you decide to chose only download a few discs and then come back to download more, please direct the torrent to place the files in the same folder as it will recognize the files you previously downloaded and seed them for others to benefit.

Disc One
A Scandal In Bohemia
The Dancing Men
The Naval Treaty
The Solitary Cyclist

Disc Two
The Crooked Man
The Speckled Band
The Blue Carbuncle
The Copper Beeches

Disc Three
The Greek Interpreter
The Norwood Builder
The Resident Patient
The Red-Headed League

Disc Four
The Final Problem
The Empty House
The Abbey Grange
The Musgrave Ritual

Disc Five
The Second Stain
The Man With the Twisted Lip
The Priory School
The Six Napoleons

Disc Six
The Devil's Foot
Silver Blaze
Wisteria Lodge
The Bruce-Partington Plans

Disc Seven
Lady Frances Carfax
The Sign of Four

Disc Eight
The Hound of the Baskervilles
The Problem of Thor Bridge
The Boscombe Valley Mystery

Disc Nine
The Illustrious Client
Shoscombe Old Place
The Master Blackmailer

Disc Ten
The Last Vampyre
The Eligible Bachelor

Disc Eleven
The Three Gables
The Creeping Man
The Dying Detective
The Golden Pince-Nez

Disc 12
The Red Circle
The Mazarin Stone
The Cardboard Box

Special Features on Disc 12:
Elementary, My Dear Watson - An Interview with Edward Hardwicke
An Interview with Adrian Conan Doyle
Daytime Live - Jeremy Brett and Edward Hardwicke
Sherlock Museum Short