This nifty app removes all those photo's that you mistakenly forgot to remove from you digital camera the last time you downloaded images.

Official Web Site:  http://minimalisticdev.com/singlemizer

Remove Duplicates From Your Disks.

One Of Each Is More Than Enough

How many times have you imported images from your camera and forgotten to clean a memory card discovering non-topical photos to be imported once more? These duplicates not only spoil a nice hierarchical structure of your folders but also take a lot of space.

Constant Synchronizing Madness

All of us are afraid of losing our digital files. Therefore we make many backup copies using external hard disks, flash cards and network volumes. When files from different backups are mixed on your Mac to build their logical structure is practically impossible. You see several equal quarterly reports in one place then some of them elsewhere. Do they multiply?

Fuzzy Kittens: We All Do It

“Downloads” folder usually contains hundreds of unsorted files from the Internet. Applications, images, music, movies and documents are saved now and again without checking if they are already on your computer. You can’t stop saving photos of fuzzy kittens repeatedly.

No Need To Worry — Only Exact File Copies Will Be Reported

There are many applications which find duplicates using such indirect signs as similar filenames, equal creation dates and so on. In this case the probability of a false detection of duplicates among different files is very high and the consequences can be terrible. Singlemizer compares the content of files only therefore you can be sure that all files indicated in the report are absolutely identical.

Non-Destructive Removal

Many people don't trust to third-party applications making manipulations with their file systems. People consider these applications can damage data. Singlemizer will dispel your fears! During scanning Singlemizer only reads not changing anything. Also Singlemizer doesn't ever delete user’s files: all duplicates marked by you are moved to Trash with all absolute paths remaining saved. In other words you can always restore those files which you deleted accidentally.

System Requirements

Mac OS 10.6 Snow Leopard.

--- PLEASE SEED ---