2010-12-21 | ISBN: 0470664770 | 262 pages | PDF | 1.07 MB

Bank and Insurance Capital Management ebook

In the aftermath of the financial crisis, capital management has become a critical factor in value creation for banks and other financial institutions. Although complex and subject to regulatory change, the strategic importance of capital management became apparent during the crisis and has moved the subject to the top of corporate agendas.

Bank and Insurance Capital Management is an essential guide to help banks and insurance companies understand and manage their capital position. Bridging the gap between theory and practice, it provides proven techniques for managing bank capital, as well as explaining key capital management perspectives, including accounting, regulatory, risk and capital management and corporate finance. It also shows how to analyze a firm's stakeholders such as depositors, policy holders, debt holders and shareholders, and manage their expectations, and how to align risk and capital management so as to best optimize the return on capital and preserve capital in periods of stress. Economic capital is also discussed in depth, as are the practicalities ofbank and insurance M&A, and the book also shows how financial innovations can be used to optimise the capital position and how diversification effects are reflected in the capital position.

This book will arm readers with the knowledge and skills needed to understand how capital management can improve capital structure and performance, achieving an optimal cost of, and return on capital, creating value as a result.

"In this comprehensive book, the accounting perspective and the regulatory approach to risk and capital management are systematically discussed, with specifications forbanks and insurance companies . By applying his own experience from both the financial industry and a supervisory institution, De Weert offers useful insights for advanced students and finance practitioners."
  Prof. Dr. S.G. Fieke van der Lecq, Erasmus School of Economics, Rotterdam

"Frans de Weert has written an excellent and very welcome book on the broad subject of capital management in financial institutions. Capital management encompasses many fields: corporate governance, regulation, balance sheet management, treasury, corporate finance and shareholder value. Capital management can only be properly understood when the subject is approached from multiple viewpoints. Frans makes this refreshingly clear in his book. As a past practitioner of capital management at ING Group I can confirm that this book addresses the issues that any capital manager will have to think about in the course of his duties and I therefore wholeheartedly recommend this book."
  Maarten van Eden, CFO, Anglo Irish Bank