Resident Evil Code Veronica X for the Ps2                           Rel. 08/22/2001


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Survival Horror
Rating:        M (Mature)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 



Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.



You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?

_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

This is the same as the original BioHazard: Code: Veronica for Dreamcast, with new cut-scenes that were not included in the original.

The game is otherwise almost the same, you still take control of Claire Redfield and Chris Redfield, who are searching for each other, while uncovering the secrets behind the Umbrella Corporation.

The Terror is Relentless! It stalks its prey with cunning. Its reflexes...lightning fast...its power...terrifying. Now it's after you! You are Claire Redfield as her next nightmare begins in the most chilling game series of all time. Experience a new chapter in survival horror. After surviving the horrific onslaught in Raccoon City, Claire now arrives in Europe following new clues regarding her missing brother and Umbrella Corporation's insidious activities. Once inside Umbrella's remote lab, she discovers that her terrifying ordeal is far from over. The nightmare continues. 

In Resident Evil: Code Veronica X, players will control Claire at the beginning of the game and later can control Chris Redfield in their efforts to stop Umbrella's devious plans. One of the many features that makes Code Veronica different from previous Resident Evil games is the Real World System (R.W.S.). Now when Claire opens doors, solves puzzles, stores items or ammunition, they remain in the same spot when playing the second half of the game as Chris. 

Resident Evil: Code Veronica X will contain several enhancements including creating an accessible map system so that item boxes and typewriters the players has found are marked on the map and not forgotten. With the new map system each door is coded a different color indicating gameplay status. Now by looking at the color of the door, players will know which ones they have already opened, which ones they have keys to open, and which doors can not be opened until the player finds the keys. 



Features:

* The nightmare plague of the Resident Evil adventure now spreads to Ps2. 
  
* Command Claire Redfield as she searches to locate her missing brother, 
  S.T.A.R.S. member, Chris Redfield. 

* Graphics so real, so terrifying...you'll beg to keep the lights on. 

* New 1st-Person perspective battles take you directly into the horrifying drama.



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		