SPB Shell 3D Full v1.5.2

Wnat to save 15$ Dolars here it is:

System Requirements:

Make sure your system meets the following minimum requirements before installation:
* Android 2.1 and higher
* Devices equipped with OpenGL ES 2.0 compatible GPU
* Smartphones only, tablets are not supported

Languages:

SPB Shell 3D supports the following languages: English, German, Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian,
Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese, Japanese, Polish, Czech, Thai, Dutch, Danish, Polish, Hungarian, Norwegian,
Finnish, Greek, Slovak, Korean, Swedish, and Turkish.

INSTALLATION

1. Run SPB Shell 3D v1.5.2.apk
2. RUN SPB Shell 3D v1.5.2_Patcher.apk After installing the Patcher open the application and press on "Press for Activate" and that's it.
3. Reboot your phone and you are done!
4. To launch the application you need to press the home button

OVERVIEW

SPB Shell 3D introduces the next generation user interface while keeping all the advantages of an Android device.
The full 3D Shell brings multiple personalized Home screens with perfect 3D usability balance to your phone. Enjoy
your phone with SPB Shell 3D!

Software Features:


3D Usability

The new Shell adds a third dimension to your phone interface. The intuitive UI designed not only to achieve the
WOW effect but also to improve interaction usability in every way. One of the most important 3D models is the 3D
Carousel which quickly brings you to any of the most important screens. The live carousel instantly shows you the
current state and 3D models of each screen.


3D Widgets

SPB Shell 3D offers 3D widgets that have additional features such as 3D mode, on-fly-skin change, and magic
animations in the carousel mode. SPB Widgets can be in 2D or 3D modes. When scrolling through Home screens
widgets are flat and when the widget is activated, the Home screen scene creates a 3D space for the widget. In this
space the 3D widget looks very natural and offers more functionality and entertainment.


Apps List

The Apps List adds a fast and convenient way to manage your device content. The apps that already exist on the
Home screen displays a Home icon and by tapping it you can find its location on the Home screen. The list also
allows you to uninstall apps directly in one tap.


Smart Folders

SPB Shell 3D provide with means of organizing your apps and tools in folders right on the Home screens. This
approach allows you to keep the most frequently used applications accessible and structure your content at the
same time.


Panels

SPB Shell 3D provides panels with rich functionality directly at your Home screen such as Animated Weather,
picture of the Day based on Flickr, Time with 60+ skins, and Calendar.


Stereoscopic 3D

Shell 3D 1.2 adds an experimental stereoscopic 3D support to all of its 3D models. 3D red cyan glasses are needed
to view 3D images correctly. You can access the Stereoscopic feature from Menu > Home Settings Experimental.


Tablet Mode

Tablets mode is now fully supported in Shell 3D 1.2 with the option to disable or enable on both smartphones and
tablets.



USING OF SPB SHELL 3D

After SPB Shell 3D is installed, your phone becomes a multiple personalized
3D Home screens that you can quickly apply to your phone. The preset Home
screens are preconfigured with a different collection of widgets that reflects a
different moments in your life that is more suitable for business, travel, play,
or social life.

Customizing Home Screen

Home screen is an extended panel user interface that gives you up-to-date
information at a glance, such as time, weather, calendar, upcoming
appointments, next alarm, new messages, missed calls, new emails, and new
voicemail. It also has a fully customizable layout where you can add your own
favorite apps, folders, and widgets for one-tap access.

* The Home key is the only way to launch Shell 3D. There is no app
icon of Shell 3D in the apps list. In case you had to close Shell 3D and
go back to your stock launcher for any reason, you can relaunch Shell
3D from Settings > Applications > Manage application > SPB Shell 3D
> Clear defaults. Then press Home key to view the launcher
selecting menu. In the launcher selecting menu, check the "use by
default for this action" check box and select Shell 3D.

* From the Home screen, press MENU, to view the available options.

* Select Add > Empty Panel if you want to add an extra panel to your
Home screen. Please note that the maximum number of panels is 16.

* Add widgets, apps, and other elements that you want.

* Tap-and-hold an element in Home screen to activate editing mode.
Arrange the layout of your Home screen according to your
preference using drag-and-drop.

* In the editing mode the tray allows easy widgets and apps
movement across multiple screens. Elements from the bottom will
be moved to the tray if you run out of space so you can put them
back later.

* Change the wallpaper with your favorite photo to change the feel of
your phone and give it a fresh look.

* Manage your Home screen panels, press MENU and then tap
Manage panels. In the Manage panels screen you can add, remove, reorder, rename, change color, and
set as Home (default panel). Drag-and-drop to add, remove, and reorder panels. Tap a panel to rename,
change color, and set as Home. Please note that the preset panels such as weather, time, and calendar
cannot be removed permanently, they will stay on the panel’s floor.

* To replace the Home bar apps shortcuts, tap-and-hold the preset shortcut and select from the apps list.


Adding Widgets

Widgets put at-a-glance important information and media content on your
Home screen. Some of SPB widgets are already added to your Home screen
for your convenience.
A wide selection of SPB and Android widgets is available for you to choose
from, such as wireless switcher, weather, world time, sound profile, call log,
and more.

* Tap-and-hold on the panel screen to open the Add to Home screen
options window.

* Tap SPB Widget and then select a widget that you want.

* Most SPB Widgets are available in a variety of designs and sizes to
suit your needs. Tap the arrow button at the top right of the widget
to view the different styles, and then tap the check mark to choose
one.

* You can also add widgets that allow you to quickly switch on or off
certain settings of your phone, such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and more.


Adding Folders

Use folders to group related applications and other shortcuts to keep your
Home screen tidy and organized.

* To create a new folder and add items to it, select a panel where
there’s space to add a new folder.

* Tap-and-hold on the panel to open the Add to Home screen options
window. Favorite contacts and bookmarks folders can be found in
SPB Widgets menu.

* Select Folder and then tap-and-hold on the new Folder to activate
editing mode.

* Tap the arrow button at the top right of the folder to view the
different styles, and then tap the check mark to choose one.
* Drag the application icon or shortcut and drop it on top of the
folder.

* By default folders will be automatically renamed according to their
content. However, you can change its name manually. To do so, tap
the open folder button in editing mode and then tap on the folder
title bar. Un-mark the automatic naming check box and type in the
new name.

* To remove an item from folder, tap the open folder button in editing mode and then drag and drop the
item out of the folder area.
Tap-and-drag the 3D carousel button at the center of Home bar to switch to any panel in a single gesture.



Rearranging Home Screen Items

You can rearrange your Home screen items to give room for adding more to
the Home screen. You can also remove items that you don’t frequently use.

* Tap-and-hold an item that you want to move.

* The phone vibrates and you’ll see the editing try at the bottom.
Don’t release your finger.

* You can drag the item to a new location or editing try.

* Pause at the left or right edge of the screen to drag the item into
another Home screen panel.

*When the item is where you want it, release your finger.

* To remove an item, drag it to the recycle bin. When the item turns
red, release your finger.


3D CAROUSEL

The 3D Carousel shows Home screen panels bundled with all the features in
a simple and intuitive 3D model. The carousel brings your entire phone
features at one glance.

* Tap the carousel button in Home screen to open 3D carousel.

* Use left or right gesture to move panels.

* Tap a panel to select.

* If you left the carousel idle for a few seconds, the Magic Animations
of panels and widgets will be activated. An overview of installed
widgets and apps will be played to explore device features.

* Once you tap the screen intending to rotate the carousel or select a
panel, the Magic Animation is terminated and your tap is processed
immediately.

* You can rearrange, add, or remove carousel panels. Tap the panels
button in carousel screen to open the 3D panels management
screen.


APPS LIST

SPB apps list is accessible from the Home screen using the apps list button at
the right corner of Home bar. Home button on top of applications icon
indicates that the app is already on the Home screen. Tap this small Home
icon to find the app location on the Home screen. Press MENU button to
view the available options.
If you select Uninstall apps options from the MENU, you’ll see a red icon on
top of removable apps. By tapping on it the app will be uninstalled from your
phone permanently.


PANELS

SPB Shell 3D comes with rich functioning panels such as Calendar, Weather,
Picture of the Day (Flickr), Time, and more. Those panels have 3D Magic
Animation feature that can be displayed when viewed in the 3D carousel.
To view panel’s settings, tap the settings icon located at the top right corner
of the panel. In Time panel settings you can change the current skin. There is
over 60 Time skin to choose from. An Internet connection is required to view
Time skins online catalog. Weather panel allows you to add up to 10 different cities.


Want to visit my other uploads:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/StoneBoyTony/


Enjoy and Seed Please :)