


Topaz Photoshop Bundle ALL-In-One 20.04.2011 | 224 MB 

-Topaz Photoshop Bundle - a set of plug-known company Topaz Labs for Photoshop CS3, CS4 and CS5, as well as Photoshop Elements 6 and above. Plug-ins designed to manage software expansion simulate oil painting and watercolors, reduce noise, separate the object from the background and association with other images, sharpening and much more. 

System requirements: 
- Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit) 
- Requires at least 1GB RAM, preferably more. 
- Compatible with Adobe Photoshop 7-CS5, Adobe Photoshop Elements 1-8, or another editor that supports Photoshop plug-ins. 

The kit includes the following plugins: 

Topaz DeJPEG 4.0.2 
DeJPEG - plug-in for Photoshop removes JPEG artifacts and enhances image clarity simultaneously. 
Each of us know little squares and blurring compression JPEG. Of course, this is unbearable and very, very frustrating, but we were able to get used to it. 
Topaz Labs finally solved this problem by releasing JPEG enhancer. This plug-in for Photoshop, with which you can remove the squares and improve image clarity. They are very easy to use, it is acceptable to everyone, because the plugin uses advanced algorithms, always reaching the optimal result 

Topaz Adjust HDR 4.1.0 
Topaz Adjust HDR - Adjust the expansion and image manipulation for Photoshop. Easily and effectively take full control over image exposure, color and detail for stunning creative effects and automated exposure correction. 
Topaz, and uses advanced algorithms to achieve unique effects in seconds. 

Topaz Clean 3.0.2 
Topaz Clean - uses a unique structural image enhancement filter that removes noise and simultaneously increases the sharpness of the edges. 
Topaz Clean filter is designed to remove noise from the RGB-image. Unlike most modern methods of noise suppression, which are mainly based on the wavelet method, a unique method Topaz Clean filter achieves excellent results without calibration chamber to create a "noise profile" or dig with a large number of parameters. In addition, it creates sharp edges and reduces color blurring of contours. 

Topaz Detail 2.0.5 
Topaz Detail - the emergence of the luminous halo - one of the main problems of post-processing after the creation of HDR images. Topaz Labs has in many image editors, including Adobe Photoshop, plug-in Topaz Detail which will help resolve this problem. Topaz Detail is also ideally suited to increase or decrease sharpness, as well as to convert images to grayscale, with full control of tonal range. 

Topaz DeNoise 5.01 
Topaz DeNoise - is an innovative plug-in noise reduction for Adobe Photoshop. . It uses a new and powerful method of filtering noise. This is a new technology that has been created over the past few years, most detailed image while reducing noise. Simply and effectively reduces noise in images without reducing the quality of parts. 

Topaz ReMask 3.1.0 
Topaz ReMask - plugin created to help photographers, designers, amateurs do graphics and is designed to mask and decomposition of photos or simply separate the object from the background in the photographs, and smooth integration with other image. ReMask save you from the tedious and time-consuming work on the separation of the smallest details such as hair, fog, fur. Easily integrates with Photoshop and expands the functionality of the masking process has advanced masking algorithms that accurately isolate the desired object from the general background and properly fit it into another image. 

Topaz Simplify 3.0.2 
Topaz Simplify - plug plug-in Photoshop to create a picture using a type of artistic influence - simulates painting in oils and watercolors, opens up new possibilities for any photographer. 
A few extra minutes of processing and you will get a fine blend of photography and art. 

Topaz InFocus 1.0.1 
Topaz InFocus plugin for Adobe Photoshop, designed to sharpen images and deblurring. 
Topaz InFocus uses the latest advances in the technology of image deconvolution to restore, refine and sharpen image detail. 
Topaz InFocus uses deconvolution of images back to blur, thereby increasing the actual focus. InFocus may increase the clarity of the well focused image, and blurred out of focus or the picture made the move. 

Topaz Fusion Express 2.0.2 
Topaz Fusion Express 2 Solution for use with plug-in Topaz directly from Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 2.0 + 
Topaz Fusion Express 2 does Lightroom plug-ins are compatible with each 
the actual product from the company Topaz, all except Topaz ReMask. 

The full Russian version includes all the plugins from Topaz. Also in the version included additional presets (not supplied by the developer), which is several times the possibility of plug-ins. The archive included a brief summary of each plug-in 

Year: 2011 
Version: ALL-In-One 04.20.2011 
Developer: Topaz Labs 
Resolution: 32/64 bits 
Compatible with Windows 7/Vista: full 
Language: English
Medicine: Yes