Ok, let me just start off by saying St. Anger is nothing like any other Metallica album of the past. This album isn't the thrash that Metallica played in '83 with Kill 'em All, and far from the alternative/hard rock of '96-'97 with the Loads, but this is a new Metallica that is just as amazing and innovating as the boys were in '83. This is an album that is heavy and not polished in the slightest. This album isn't nu metal as it's sometimes been called, this album is raw gritty metal at it's best. St. Anger has complex song structures like Master of Puppets, with heavy, yet melodic, rhythms. Sure there are no solos, but as the guys said, they aren't needed in this album. James Hetfield's voice is off key at times, but he did that on purpose, because i just saw them live in Philly on July 12th, and that man's voice is still perfect and he can still sing perfectly on key (and also can still rock out like he did when he was 20, all of them can, seems as though these guys never age), but he sang off key purposely at times on this album, because that's how he wrote the songs. St. Anger starts off strong with Frantic, a 5:50 long song that is the perfect start of a perfect album, that has a catchy riff and great chorus (I love the "Frantic tick tick tick tick tick tock"). This album never lets up, it continues it's relentless onslaught all the way up to the epic All Within My Hands, clocking in at 8:48, it is by far one of the best ever by Metallica, it's the perfect closer to the album with Hetfield growling "Kill kill kill kill kill" over and over again, then finally screaming the word "Kill" ending another amazing Metallica album.
To sum it up, this is an amazing raw heavy metal album, only influenced by their music in the 80's, not duplicating it, and veering far from their music of the 90's. If you want more of Load or Reload this isn't for you, if you want Master of Puppets, this isn't for you, If you want something new different and raw, then my friend, pick up St. Anger, it's the heaviest Metallica album since ...And Justice for All. This is a new Metallica, and I love it. 

by Frank

TRACKLIST:

01 - Frantic.wma                                            
02 - St. Anger.wma                                          
03 - Some Kind Of Monster.wma                               
04 - Dirty Window.wma                                       
05 - Invisible Kid.wma                                      
06 - My World.wma                                           
07 - Shoot Me Again.wma                                     
08 - Sweet Amber.wma                                        
09 - The Unnamed Feeling.wma                                
10 - Purify.wma                                             
11 - All Within My Hands.wma

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO

MARCELODRGZ