OLD TIME RADIO:


LET GEORGE DO IT




Let George Do It was a radio drama series produced by Owen and Pauline Vinson from 1946 to 1954. It starred Bob Bailey as detective-for-hire George Valentine (with Olan Soule stepping into the role in 1954).

Clients came to Valentine's office after reading a newspaper carrying his classified ad:


Personal notice: Danger's my stock in trade. If the job's too tough for you to handle, you've got a job for me. George Valentine.


The few earliest episodes were more sitcom than private eye shows, with a studio audience providing scattered laughter at the not-so-funny scripts. Soon the audience was banished, and George went from stumbling comedic hero to tough guy private eye and the music from wah-wah-wah to suspenseful. Valentine's secretary was Claire Brooks, aka Brooksie (Frances Robinson, Virginia Gregg, Lillian Buyeff). As Valentine made his rounds in search of the bad guys, he usually encountered Brooksie's kid brother, Sonny (Eddie Firestone), Lieutenant Riley (Wally Maher) and elevator man Caleb (Joseph Kearns). For the first few shows, Sonny was George's assistant, but he was soon relegated to an occasional character.

Sponsored by Standard Oil, the program was broadcast on the West Cast Mutual Broadcasting System from October 18, 1946 to September 27, 1954, first on Friday evenings and then on Mondays. In its last season, transcriptions were aired in New York, Wednesdays at 9:30pm, from January 20, 1954 to January 12, 1955.

John Hiestand was the program's announcer. Don Clark directed the scripts by David Victor and Jackson Gillis. The background music was supplied by Eddie Dunstedter, initially with a full orchestra. When television supplanted radio as the country's primary home entertainment, radio budgets got skimpier and skimpier and Dunstedter's orchestra was replaced by an organ.

Information from WikiPedia




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: Let George Do It
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Accurate
Certification Date: October 14, 2008
Certification Version: Version 1.1
Number of CDs: 3



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHER'S GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.

OTRR Non-Certified -- A collection of shows that has not gone through the OTRR Certification process.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_LGDI_Ver1.1_CD_1of3.zip  ZIP  659.2 MB  
OTRR_Certified_LGDI_Ver1.1_CD_2of3.zip  ZIP  659.7 MB  
OTRR_Certified_LGDI_Ver1.1_CD_3of3.zip  ZIP  164.5 MB  
Image Files JPEG 
Let George Do It  305.7 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Let_George_Do_It_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Let_George_Do_It_meta.xml  Metadata  5.5 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Let_George_Do_It_reviews.xml  Metadata  2.2 KB  
