PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA / Plextor PX-W1610TA
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 / 1.05 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 1 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: A1D364B68FA0671A64F10809516D163418CC2606
File Size: 1.84 GB
Labels: MCA / EMI


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:


McLaren Furnace Room 1992 MCAMD 10697 * (ripped using Plextor PX-W1610A)
In The Trees 1994 MCASD-11105 * (ripped using Plextor PX-W1610A)
Brand New Day 1996 MCASD 81009 *
Silent Radar 1998 72438 59031 2 0 *
Slomotion 2001 07243 524575 2 6 *


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


The Watchmen is a Canadian rock band. They were one of the most commercially successful Canadian alternative rock groups of the mid to late 1990s. During their peak years the band had three gold records (McLaren Furnace Room, Silent Radar, Slomotion) and one platinum (In The Trees). In addition they toured Canada numerous times, were the opening act for The Tragically Hip and co-headlined a national tour with Big Wreck.

The group was formed in 1988 in Winnipeg, Manitoba by vocalist Daniel Greaves, guitarist Joey Serlin, bassist Pete Loewen and Greaves' first cousin, drummer Sammy Kohn. Serlin was a comic fan and named the group after the DC comic.

The band toured Canada extensively and became a popular live act, largely on the strength of its energetic shows, which invariably featured an a cappella performance by Greaves at some point in the set. Greaves often covered songs by Billy Bragg, Simon and Garfunkel, Lyle Lovett, The La's, Tom Waits and others during these solo spots, and fans came to look forward to them as a highlight of each show. On rare occasions, Greaves performed more than one a cappella song in a set: at one 1998 performance broadcast live on radio, Greaves entertained the in-person audience during commercial breaks by singing Nicaraguan folk songs in addition to performing Billy Bragg's "Between The Wars."

The band was discovered by producer Chris Wardman while playing at Toronto's Horseshoe Tavern. Wardman offered to produce the band, and they released their debut album, McLaren Furnace Room, in 1992. (The album was named for one of the band's rehearsal spaces, the furnace room of the McLaren Hotel in Winnipeg.) The album was released by Wardman's Sumo Productions and distributed by MCA records. The single "Cracked" garnered the band significant airplay on rock stations, but was quickly eclipsed by the anti-spousal abuse anthem "Run and Hide", which became the band's breakthrough hit.

In 1993, Loewen left the band amicably to spend more time with his family. At the urging of Watchmen manager Jake Gold, Newfoundlander Ken Tizzard auditioned and replaced Loewen as the group's new bassist. Members of the Watchmen have commented that Tizzard's recruitment sparked a change in band dynamics and songwriting: before Tizzard joined the group, most the songs were written by Serlin alone; afterwards, the majority of songs were group compositions, with Serlin and Greaves sharing lyric-writing duties.

In October 1993, the band won the annual Discovery To Disc contest held by Toronto's CFNY-FM radio station (better known as 102.1 The Edge). The contest, which aimed to support new Canadian alternative rock artists, awarded the group $100,000 to go towards recording expenses.

The band's second album, In The Trees, was released on MCA records in July 1994. The record was a major success, confirming the band's place in Canadian rock with the hit singles "Boneyard Tree", "All Uncovered" and "Lusitana". The album was certified Platinum in Canada after selling over 100,000 copies.

Their 1996 album Brand New Day was not as well-received by critics or audiences -- "Zoom", "Incarnate" and "Shut Up" were moderately successful singles, but none achieved the kind of success that the band's earlier singles had. Nevertheless, the band launched an extensive tour of Canada and Europe which lasted into 1997.

Following this album, the band left MCA records and was signed to EMI. 1998's Silent Radar was the band's return to commercial success, with the hit singles "Stereo", "Any Day Now", "Brighter Hell" and "Say Something". The album was produced by Adam Kasper in Seattle's Studio Litho (owned by Stone Gossard of Pearl Jam fame), and was released in March 1998. That autumn, the band won a MuchMusic award for best use of new technology, owing to the inclusion of innovative web- and CD-ROM-based features on the Silent Radar CD. On the strength of the album, in 1999 the Watchmen also toured Australia for the first time, where "Stereo" received airplay on Triple J. They toured the nation with The Screaming Jets, and also made an appearance on the ABC-TV show Recovery, performing "Say Something."

Following the Silent Radar tour, Sammy Kohn amicably left the band to work in the music business. The band had been experimenting with electronic and industrial textures prior to Kohn's departure, and performed tracks with electronic features live during Kohn's final tour with the band. After Kohn's exit, the Watchmen moved sharply towards electronica, using programmed electronic drums on new recordings rather than recruiting a new live drummer.

The Watchmen's 2001 album Slomotion saw the remaining members experimenting with more industrial textures and making use of a drum machine to replace Kohn. The band also packaged the album with a second greatest hits disc. The album was, however, poorly received, with only the single "Absolutely Anytime" gaining any radio airplay. Drummer Ryan Ahoff joined as an auxiliary member for the subsequent tour, and the band performed with a mixture of live drums and programmed drum tracks on its newer, more electronic material.

Their fans showed their love for the band when they won the Entertainer of the Year Award at the 2002 Prairie Music Awards, an award that is decided by online voting.

In September 2003, prior to splitting, the band held a benefit concert to raise money for the Israeli Bobsled Team. Daniel Greaves' brother, David Greaves, who has dual Canadian-Israeli citizenship, is a member of the team. The team needed to raise $500,000 so that they could try to qualify for the 2006 Winter Olympics but the team failed to qualify.

In November 2003 the band decided to go their separate ways. However, they decided that before they did so, they would perform one last short tour across Canada as a "Thank You" to their fans. The tour was called "The Watchman's Last Road Trip" and included 9 concerts in 6 Canadian cities and 1 American city. Ahoff again joined the band for the tour which also saw a guest appearance by original bassist Pete Loewen during the encore of their last show in their hometown of Winnipeg on December 20, 2003.

The band subsequently disbanded. Greaves went on to form Doctor with Rob Higgins, Tizzard joined Thornley, and Serlin appeared on Ryan Malcolm's debut album before forming his own new band, Redline. Greaves and Tizzard occasionally perform together as the electronic duo Audio Playground High + Wide.

The "classic" lineup of Greaves, Serlin, Kohn and Tizzard have announced a small reunion tour. Kohn convinced the other members to take part in the reunion tour after showing them a myspace page where fans still talked about their favourite songs, and performances. The Watchmen played at Maverick's in Ottawa on September 19, 2008 and Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto on September 26 & 27, 2008. They played a short 45 minute set as part of Powerball in Winnipeg at the MTS Centre on October 30, 2008. They have a show scheduled in Calgary on October 31, 2008 at The Gateway. A show in Barrie, ON was cancelled until further notice after renovations to the venue were not completed on time.

The Watchmen have continued their reunion tour into 2009. They performed on Tuesday, June 16, 2009 at the Red River Exhibition in Winnipeg. The band subsequently released two brand new songs available for download through their web-site (http://www.the-watchmen.com/) 'Miss Monday Morning' and 'Trampoline' marked the first two releases of the re-united original foursome. Both songs were recorded at Vapor Studios engineered and mixed by Julian Rudd and produced by Joey Serlin.

In September 2010, the band performed once again at the Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto for back-to-back nights. Watchmen songs 'The South' and 'Sleep' were included in the 2010 TIFF selected film "The Whistleblower" staring Rachel Weisz.






McLaren Furnace Room 1992


McLaren Furnace Room is the first major label album by Canadian band, The Watchmen. Originally released by SUMO Productions in Canada in 1992 (with the help of MCA Records), the release impressed MCA Records Canada who signed the band and released the album in 1993 on a much wider scale. The title of the album refers to the basement of the McLaren Hotel that served as the band's rehearsal studio.

The album was certified Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association on March 6, 1996.

Known as a tireless touring band, they reportedly played 150 shows a year across Canada from 1987 to 1991. A show in Toronto at the Horseshoe Tavern in 1991 caught the attention of producer Chris Wardman's girlfriend. She promised to put Wardman in touch with the band. Wardman eventually made it out to one of their shows and promised them a production commitment.

Jake Gold's The Management Trust signed them to a management deal and his music production outfit SUMO Productions. Using their clout with MCA Records, SUMO was able to release the band's debut McLaren Furnace Room in 1992. The band then signed directly to MCA Records Canada.

At that time in the band's history, the principal songwriter was guitarist Joey Serlin.

A video for the lead single "Cracked" was filmed and released in 1992 while a video for the second single "Run & Hide" was released in 1993. Both videos saw modest play on MuchMusic.


Tracks:


1.	"Cracked" (Lyrics: Joey Serlin, Music: The Watchmen) - 4:00
2.	"Run & Hide" (Serlin)- 3:41
3.	"Try It Sometime" (Serlin) - 4:25
4.	"Sleep" (Lyrics: Danny Greaves, Music: The Watchmen) - 4:00
5.	"Must To Be Free" (Serlin) - 4:42
6.	"Falling" (Serlin) - 4:40
7.	"Mister" (Serlin) - 3:49
8.	"Anything But That" (Serlin) - 2:50
9.	"I'm Still Gone" (Serlin) - 5:41
10.	"Soul Stealer" (Serlin) - 4:56
11.	"Crazy Days" (Serlin) - 4:40
12.	"Make You Go Down" (Serlin) - 4:09







In The Trees 1994


In The Trees is the second studio album by The Watchmen. With hits "Lusitana", "Boneyard Tree" and "All Uncovered", this was the band's breakthrough release in their home country of Canada. Videos for both "Boneyard Tree" and "All Uncovered" saw heavy play on MuchMusic.

The album was certified Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association on October 3, 1994 and it was certified Platinum on May 31, 1995. To date, this is the band's only Platinum album in Canada.

Following the tour which supported the band's debut McLaren Furnace Room, bassist Pete Loewen decided to leave the band. He was replaced by Newfoundlander Ken Tizzard.

At this time, singer Daniel Greaves began to become more comfortable with his songwriting ability. Because of this, only three of the album's songs were credited to guitarist Joey Serlin.

The strength and success of the album provided the band with a nomination for Group of the Year at the 1995 Juno Awards. The award went to their MCA Records labelmates, The Tragically Hip.


Tracks: 


1.	"34 Dead St." (The Watchmen) - 3:13
2.	"Boneyard Tree" (Joey Serlin)- 4:08
3.	"Lusitana" (The Watchmen) - 4:36
4.	"Wiser" (The Watchmen) - 3:15
5.	"Calm" (Serlin) - 4:09
6.	"All Uncovered" (The Watchmen) - 4:34
7.	"In My Mind" (Serlin) - 4:00
8.	"Laugher" (The Watchmen) - 4:46
9.	"The South" (The Watchmen) - 4:07
10.	"Born Afire" (The Watchmen) - 4:41
11.	"Vovo Diva" (The Watchmen) - 3:45
12.	"Middle East" (The Watchmen) - 6:07







Brand New Day 1996


Brand New Day is the third studio album by The Watchmen. It was released in March 1996. Although the song "Incarnate" was a moderate hit, this album was the least popular of the band's studio albums. The band made three videos ("Incarnate", "Shut Up", and "Zoom") which all saw play on MuchMusic, but the extra promotion was not enough to boost the success of the album.

This is considered to be the only studio album by the band not to be certified at least Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association. This was seen as a major disappointment as this album followed the band's most commercially successful release (In The Trees).

The band has noted that they went into the recording studio less prepared than before. This allowed more studio experimentation than previous releases including more strings, harp, piano, trumpet, viola, violin and cello. Because the tracks were shaped in the studio, most of the album was not designed specifically to be played live. This proved to be a challenge for a band noted for their live shows.

The album provided the band with their second Juno nomination as they were nominated for North Star Rock Album of the Year at the 1997 Juno Awards. As was the case with their first Juno nomination, the band lost the award to their MCA Records labelmates, The Tragically Hip.


Tracks: 


1.	"Zoom" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics:Joey Serlin) - 3:29
2.	"Shut Up" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics:Daniel Greaves) - 3:49
3.	"Incarnate" (Serlin) - 3:21
4.	"Dance Some More" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) - 3:39
5.	"Kill The Day" (Serlin) - 3:17
6.	"Tumbleweed" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Serlin) - 3:05
7.	"The Other Side/Waste Away" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) - 3:30/3:34
8.	"My Favorite One" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) - 3:59
9.	"Bicycle" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Serlin) - 4:16
10.	"Beach Music" (The Watchmen) - 4:27
11.	"What You Did" (Serlin) - 3:26







Silent Radar 1998


Silent Radar is the fourth studio album by The Watchmen. The album contained numerous hits including "Stereo", "Any Day Now", and "Say Something". Videos for "Stereo" and "Any Day Now" saw heavy play on MuchMusic in 1998, but by the time the video for "Brighter Hell" was released in 1999, the momentum had slowed and this video was seen infrequently.

While their previous three albums were released by MCA Records, this was the first release from the band by EMI Music Canada. In 1995, Seagram Company Ltd. acquired 80% of MCA and the following year the new owners dropped the MCA name; the company became Universal Studios, Inc. and its music division, MCA Music Entertainment Group, was renamed Universal Music Group.

The album was certified Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association on July 30, 1998.

The biggest change on the CD was the band's embrace of the internet. The CD included a CD-activated key to access multi-media material in a secret area of the band's website. The CD activated website was the first use of this technology for a major-label band.

This gave the band three websites: their old website done in a traditional fashion, a new site dedicated to their new record Silent Radar, and a main site which included WAG, the band's official "magazine."

At the time, their webzine WAG set the band apart from their contemporaries. The webzine was filled with writing from the various band members and included digital photos taken by the band, tour diaries, feature articles, and a summary of the band's reviews of concerts, books, records and gear.

The goal of the band in this internet endeavor was to allow them to give people a little taste of who they were when not on stage and what they think about.

The release of the album was also unique for its time. They unveiled the album one piece at a time over the internet. Starting Thursday March 5, 1998, a piece of the artwork from the new album was posted on a special website, along with a snippet of one song from the album. Between March 5, 1998 and March 27, 1998, a new piece and a new song was posted every other day until the puzzle was descrambled, and fans had seen and heard bits of the whole tracklisting.

The first song to be put up on the site was the first single "Stereo", and the snippets were only up for a two-day period before it was replaced by the next song.

Following the Canadian release on March 31, 1998, the official album release party came as a live show by the band which was broadcast over the Internet on Thursday April 2, 1998. The webcast was a live show from the Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto.

Included with the initial release of the CD was a white card which contained "CD Active" Instructions to the album's secret website. Attached to this card was a coupon which could be mailed back to the band and the sender would receive a free live EP in the mail called Live Radar. Only those who sent back the card received the bonus CD.

The album provided the band with their third and final Juno nomination as they were nominated for Best Rock Album at the 1999 Juno Awards. As was the case with their previous two Juno nominations, the band lost the award to The Tragically Hip. (The band's next studio record, Slomotion, was not eligible for a Juno nomination as it contained a "greatest hits" bonus disc and thus did not meet the Juno requirement that a majority of the material on the album be previously unreleased.)

Tracks: 


1.	"Stereo" - 4:05
2.	"Any Day Now" - 4:41
3.	"I'm Waiting" - 4:18
4.	"Rooster" - 5:30
5.	"Silent Radar" - 4:23
6.	"Do It" - 5:38
7.	"He's Gone" - 4:47
8.	"Say Something" - 5:10
9.	"On My Way" - 5:00
10.	"Top of the World" - 4:10
11.	"Come Around" - 3:58
12.	"Brighter Hell" - 6:06







Slomotion 2001


Slomotion is the fifth studio album by The Watchmen. The album was released as 2 CD set where the second CD was a greatest hits package. This was the band’s last studio album.

After four albums, Sammy Kohn split from the group to work as Canadian promo rep for the Toronto offices of Boston-based roots label, Rounder Records. Musically, he hooked up with John Hornak and Michael Owen from reaulaudiowavetransfer. The new partnership took off instantly and resulted in a new band, the experimental trio Avenue One.

The loss of their drummer and original member would alter the band’s songwriting and sound. With Kohn gone, the various Watchmen hooked up their Macintosh computers with Pro Tools software and began experimenting with samples, backbeats and tape loops to create a collection of electronic tracks shot through with the band's trademark melodies. This change in direction divided fans and critics.

At this time, EMI Music Canada wanted to release a greatest hits package with one or two new songs. The band fought to include all 8 of the new songs they had completed. As a compromise, the new album became a 2 CD set but was priced as a single CD.

Disc One, dubbed Fast Forward, is a set of 8 new songs produced by Rhys Fulber (Front Line Assembly & Delerium) and DJ Iain, and also includes a remix of their song "Stereo" from Silent Radar. The songs feature programmed beats, and synthesizer sounds, a first for the band. Disc Two, dubbed Rewind, includes 9 of the band's best songs, culled from their previous four studio records.

In keeping with the band’s embrace of multimedia and the internet which began with Silent Radar, both discs contained multimedia components, including photos, video clips, and technology allowing fans to remix the song “Slomotion”. Both CDs also provided a link to a private website which could only be accessible to those who bought the CD.


Tracks: 


CD 1 - Fast Forward 


1.	Holiday (Slow It Down) (Daniel Greaves)
2.	Absolutely Anytime (Joey Serlin)
3.	No Longer Mine (Serlin)
4.	Together (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves)
5.	Slomotion (Serlin)
6.	I Like It (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves)
7.	Phone Call (Music: Greaves/Ken Tizzard, Lyrics: Greaves)
8.	Soft Parade (Music: Serlin, Lyrics: Greaves)
9.	Stereo (Remix) (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves)


CD 2 - Rewind 

1.	Cracked (From: McLaren Furnace Room, 1992)
2.	Run & Hide (From: McLaren Furnace Room, 1992)
3.	Boneyard Tree (From: In The Trees, 1994)
4.	All Uncovered (From: In The Trees, 1994)
5.	Incarnate (From: Brand New Day, 1996)
6.	Zoom (From: Brand New Day, 1996)
7.	Shut Up (From: Brand New Day, 1996)
8.	Any Day Now (From: Silent Radar, 1998)
9.	Brighter Hell (From: Silent Radar, 1998)




Enjoy :)
