Internet Monitoring, Web Security and Internet Access Control Software:
Research by IDC shows that up to 40% of employee Internet access is non-work related. While shutting off Internet access is impractical, Internet monitoring and access control software enables network administrators to reduce unproductive Internet use: GFI WebMonitor™ helps you boost employee productivity by giving you the ability to monitor and control Internet access in real time, ensuring that employee web browsing activity is aligned with business needs, and that any files downloaded are free of viruses and other malware.

Granular Internet monitoring:
GFI WebMonitor’s Internet monitoring capabilities provide visibility into what sites your users are browsing, how much time they are spending and how much bandwidth they’re consuming. It also provides interactive drill-down capabilities, showing you the site categories being visited by particular users, how much time and bandwidth is being consumed, and more. This is often the first step towards formulating an effective Internet Usage Policy that meets your specific business needs.

Web filtering with time, bandwidth and category based policies:
GFI WebMonitor lets you define web filtering and web browsing policies to help enforce an effective Internet Usage Policy. Administrators can allow or restrict access to different website categories as well as setting time or bandwidth thresholds, on a per user or per IP basis. GFI WebMonitor’s extensive site categorization database, with coverage of over 260,000,000 domains that are updated daily, enables you to manage what sites your users can browse while blocking access to websites in particular categories, such as adult materials, gaming, personal email, P2P, social networks like Facebook and MySpace, and more.

Web security to protect against viruses, spyware, phishing scams and other malware:
GFI WebMonitor also offers web security features that allow you to define policies which control what type of files your users can download – blocking dangerous file types such as executables and others like MP3s, on a per user or per IP basis. GFI WebMonitor uses multiple antivirus engines to scan all downloads for viruses, spyware and malware, and lowers the risk of social engineering by blocking access to phishing websites. It also allows you to monitor and block MSN/Live Messenger chat sessions and file transfers while its HTTPS scanning ensures that users do not bypass your web security measures by downloading files through an HTTPS-encrypted channel.

Why use GFI WebMonitor?:
1. Increase productivity and reduce cyberslacking – time wasted by employees online – through granular monitoring and management of employee web browsing habits
2. Formulate and enforce an effective Internet Usage Policy
3. Maximize available bandwidth by controlling what type of sites can be visited, setting time and bandwidth thresholds, and through proxy caching
4. Protect the network from dangerous downloads in real time by managing what type of files users can download and benefitting from multiple antivirus engines to scan for viruses and other malware
5. Block socially-engineered phishing scam websites and prevent data leakage through such sites
6. Scan HTTPS-encrypted traffic for additional security.