DEATHSTARS - Termination Bliss [Limited Edition]

.: Dati Album :.

Title: Termination Bliss
Year: 2006                                    
Genre: Industrial metal
Type: Nuclear Blast

.:Tracklist:.


Tongues 
Motherzone 
Cyanide 
The Greatest Fight on Earth 
Play God 
Trinity Fields 
The Last Ammunition 
Virtue to Vice
Death in Vogue 
Termination Bliss 
Termination Bliss (Piano Remix) 
Blitzkrieg (Driven on Remix)


.: Recensione :.

Termination Bliss is the second studio album from Swedish industrial metallers Deathstars. This re-release hits the shelves in time to coincide with Deathstars‘ tour of Europe in support of Korn in early 2008.

That support slot should give you some idea of the demographic that Deathstars are pitching for, but for a better idea of their musical style, their tour with Cradle Of Filth in 2006 is more telling; Termination Bliss is a very theatrical metal album, almost to the point of total overstatement.

Blending super-heavy guitar work with icy-cold synthesizer melodies and a mix of real and digital percussion, Termination Bliss deals with themes of nihilism, war, destruction and mortality in simple terms, with the lyrics delivered in a operatic and guttural growl. There aren’t going to be any prizes for poetic writing and insightful perspectives here.

But that’s not the point; Deathstars appear to be playing a game of aesthetics rather than trying to tell their listeners something new. Not for them the bleak introspection of Nine Inch Nails or the political rage of Ministry; Deathstars‘ songs mention angels and demons, death, dead gods, war and poison. Classic mainstream goth material, in other words.

Musically, Deathstars are following the path cleared by Rammstein, who have pretty much written the book on joyously overblown metal theatre. And there’s the proof of the pudding – people love them for the bombast, the showmanship, the coherence of the look and sound and style. Deathstars look set to strike a similar chord with young metal fans, with the added bonus of lyrics in English that scrape the surface of themes and topics that will be familiar from the output of Marilyn Manson and others – sure-fire parent-distressing material.

This may all sound a little dismissive, but it’s not meant to; what I’m trying to say is that Deathstars have successfully brought the pop approach to the industrial sound. The music itself is nothing particularly new – being a continuation of the strengthening European trend]for highly melodic heavy metal with industrial trappings thrown in to the mix – but music is only half of the game.

Nowadays a band needs to become a coherent lifestyle brand to really make a mark, especially in the teen market – and in this respect, Deathstars are set to carve a swathe of destruction in their wake. Termination Bliss may not be rocket science, but it’s aimed perfectly for maximum impact.
.: Dati Tecnici :.

Bitrate
Tongues (186 Kbps)
Motherzone (205 Kbps)
Cyanide (207 Kbps)
The Greatest Fight on Earth (195 Kbps)
Play God (195 Kbps)
Trinity Fields (194 Kbps)
The Last Ammunition (197 Kbps)
Virtue to Vice (193 Kbps)
Death in Vogue (195 Kbps)
Termination Bliss (197 Kbps)
Termination Bliss (Piano Remix) (186 Kbps)
Blitzkrieg (Driven on Remix) (192 Kbps)