Apocalypse 2012


December 21, 2012 - disaster will strike the planet. The world, as we know it, will end. That is what many people, millions of web sites and international doomsday entrepreneurs predict. Written, produced and directed by award-winning documentarian Cynthia Banks, Apocalypse 2012 presents the leaders, chroniclers, debunkers and the businessmen of this wide-spread certainty of a global cataclysm. 
Apocalypse 2012 follows people trying to protect themselves and others from what they believe is coming. Sure we’ve seen a lot of this before. But what’s different and fascinating about all these predictions is that doomsday fear is moving into the mainstream culture at a remarkable scary pace. Apocalypse 2012 examines why this particular doomsday has become so significant.

Larry Hall, Developer & Survivalist and Marty Heaton, Foreman looking at design plans for survival bunker condominium design plans 
Photo Credit: Gordon Bowbrick 
Developer Larry Hall is converting an Atlas F missile base in Kansas into a heavily-guarded, fully-furnished underground luxury condominium shelter. Half a floor goes for $900,00 (US). Belgian author Patrick Geryl thinks anyone underground will be destroyed so he is building his community’s dwellings on the highest mountain in Spain. Dennis McClung, founder of the world’s largest 2012 supply web-site, rejects the notion that he is a fear-monger preferring to see himself as a supplier of the tools of self-reliance. Visitors from the U.S., India, Australia and Canada can cause McCung’s site to spike at 150,000 hits per day. George Noory is the host of Coast to Coast, the most popular late night radio show in North America, He focuses on 2012 regularly and to an increasingly receptive audience. With the motto: be prepared, not scared, Noory promises to be live on-air on the fateful night. Coast to Coast is carried by stations in 50 American states and five Canadian provinces. 

Peter Gersten contemplating 'Leap of Faith' off Bell Rock, Arizona, U.S. He believes if he jumps into a portal on December 21, 2012, he'll save the world. 
Photo Credit: Gordon Bowbrick 
The ancient Mayan Long Count Calendar is the source of the doomsday prophecy but it is our current environment of perceived deadly threats of solar disruption, coupled with almost instant international communications that feeds the movement. According to psychologists, archaeologists and scientists, the idea of an apocalypse reflects and magnifies the turmoil and distress of our uncertain times.

Joyce Newberry & Marnix Wells (British couple) pray with Maya elder Hunbatz Men at Coba, Mexico 
At the NASA Space Agency, Dr. David Morrison replies to daily emails from people suffering anxiety about December, 2012. What will happen? The mythical planet called Nibiru will crash into earth. Or, solar flares will scorch the earth. Or, the magnetic poles will flip or switch. Worried survivalists are convinced that resulting landslides, volcanoes and tidal waves will cut off power and threaten the food supply. Morrison dismisses these theories but not the people who believe them. Lorne Dawson, Professor of Sociology and Religious Studies at the University of Waterloo, says, ‘we live in a very apocalyptic culture because (people) want the cathartic experience of watching the few heroic figures struggle to survive the circumstance.” 
What are you doing on December 21, 2012?


Format :	XviD
File size:  	352MiB
Duration : 	44min
Width : 	608 pixels
Height : 	352 pixels
Aspect ratio : 	16:9
Frame rate : 	29.969fps
Audio: 		MP3
Nr. of Files:	1


After 24 hours initial seeding there should be enough seeders to get the whole thing with decent speed in a decent time.

For questions,requests,comments feel free to PM me on SuprBay
  http://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=123771