Armstrong Powerhouse presents the BAA/BZA wagon pack. Built in the mid 1970s, these wagons have been the staple of transporting steel throughout the UK for over 30 years and can still be seen in revenue-earning to this day. This pack sets a new standard in quality and includes highly detailed representations of these two wagons for RailWorks 2. It features:

- Detailed models of the BAA & BZA wagons - 3 liveries (Maroon/Railfreight/Un-branded)
- Weathered variants of the Maroon & Railfreight BAAs
- Coil & ingot loads for the BAA. Coil load for the BZA.
- Prototypical sounds as heard in our popular Wagon Sound Pack
- ActivWagon scripting which means a flashing tail lamp will automatically be shown on the rear. The ActivWagon scripting used in the flashing tail lamp is copyright Just Trains Ltd and is used with their permission under licence. www.justtrains.net
As well as the excellent wagons, 3 scenarios are included where we have strived for realism in all areas. For example, each scenario uses the timetable of its relevant year to create an as realistic experience as possible. As well as this, most trains have their time of leaving, origin and destination so you can see which train is which!

Basic Scenario Requirements
Please note these items are only required if you would like to use the scenarios. If you only want to use the wagon or perhaps use it in your own scenarios instead of the included ones then these items are not required.
Also, these requirements are just for one of the scenarios in this pack, APBZA 6V02 18:43 Tees Yard - Margam, for the Newcastle to York route, which has been designed to use as few requirements as possible whilst retaining realism to enable those with few payware add-ons to still have a scenario to use.

Basic Extra Stock 
Just Trains Class 220/221 (Voyager) 
Oovee TEA Bogie Tank Wagon Pack 
RS.com Class 66 
RS.com Class 158 

Bonus Scenario Requirements
These requirements are for the two other scenarios which are packaged separately in this download for those who have the requirements listed below. These are required on top of what is listed above:
Bonus Extra Stock (Basic extra stock pack listed above not required if you have the requirements to run the two other bonus scenarios)
TPO NSA Coaches
Just Trains Newcastle to York (Modern) Route 
West Coast Main Line 
Just Trains Class 60 
Oovee Class 156 
RS.com Class 37 
RS.com Class 67
RS.com Class 86 
RS.com Class 390