Artist:   Ivyrise
Title:    Ivyrise
Label:    My Major
Genre:    Rock
Bitrate:  268kbit av.
Time:     00:41:37
Size:     83.98 mb
Rip Date: 2011-06-29
Str Date: 2011-08-22

01. Hurts                                                         4:23
02. Too Much                                                      3:26
03. Yes To Running                                                3:13
04. Line Up The Stars                                             3:10
05. Looks Like Heaven                                             3:43
06. You Know Me                                                   4:21
07. El Paso                                                       4:18
08. Run From You                                                  3:16
09. Last Words                                                    3:29
10. With You Til The End                                          3:36
11. Scars                                                         4:42

Release Notes:

Some bands seem destined for big things. Some bands have a sound that
you know will strike a chord with a lot of people. Sometimes there are
bands that present themselves with such a professional outlook of the
industry that you can tell ‘failure’ is not in their vocabulary.

Ivyrise is both of these things. The brainchild of lead vocalist and
song writer Ben Falinski, Ivyrise bring a mix of what they call
“widescreen stadium rock with radio friendly hooks”. Falinkski
certainly knows how to write a catchy but epically scoped track. Their
lead single ‘Line Up the Stars’ has already attracted a song following.
A combo of wistful piano, drums that could have come from Bowie’s ‘Low’
and an anthemic chorus. It’s an infectious indie-rock song that would
sound welcome on any commercial radio station the length and breadth of
the land. At times they channel the more melancholy moments of Keane
and Coldplay but temper it with shots of 30 Seconds From Mars and Biffy
Clyro. Those are some big names to be throwing around. But their names
Ivyrise sound very comfortable next to.

Having been together for a little over a year the band have already
played to stadium sized crowds having supported Bon Jovi on their Lost
Highway tour. It’s these crowds they keep aiming to play for. Having
gone the classic route of busking in order to get his music out there
Falinski is determined the band should continue to make a name for
themselves. Touting tickets for their shows at other bands gigs they
have built a committed fan base who helped raise the money for the band
to produce their first album. For the album they have hooked up with
Jason Perry (whose also worked with The Blackout and McFly).

I’ve not said anything about the rest of the band so far. Which is bad
on my part because they all bring the proverbial ‘it’ to the party. Dan
Tanner on guitar and vocals, Mark Nagle on bass and Josh Key brings the
tribal drumming. On the recently released ‘Without You’ Tanner’s guitar
stands out particularly as sounding grandiose and well capable of
filling the air of a stadium. Bringing some synths into the mix the
group sound as though they are looking to quickly expand their sound
rather than sitting in a comfortable little niche. Falinski too plays
keys for the band. Sounding very comfortable behind the piano he
demonstrates his skill on the song ‘Last of the Broken Hearts’, a solo
track.

Without releasing an album or EP, Ivyrise have built a strong fan base
built around a clutch full of tracks. This is a band that have the
tools and moxie to make something big of themselves. Give them a
listen, you can say you got in on the ground floor.

Their self-titled debut album will be released August 22nd, 2011.

