Seriously, people, this stuff is amazing, must hear, must see, MUST SPREAD! THIS IS METAAAAALLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
Drummer Brian Viglione (best known from The Dresden Dolls) and pianist Viktoriya met in Reykjavík, Iceland, rehearsed a couple of times and one week after meeting they did a gig at club Sódóma. See the complete gig (9 video’s) at Youtube 

from Brian Viglione’s website:

January 29th, Reykjavík, Iceland at club Sódóma, I will be playing with piano phenom, Viktoriya Yermolyeva

I saw her piano covers of some of my favorite songs months ago on YouTube and thought to myself, “This is the metal band project that I’ve wanted for a long fucking time.” So I took a shot in the dark and contacted her and introduced myself and the idea of collaborating someday, with the hope I might hear back from her in a couple of weeks. Instead, she answered my email 10 minutes later with an enthusiastic reply and we set to work thinking about our set list and sending copious amounts of pictures of giving each other the Goat Horns. \m/ Vika is a classically trained pianist with a passion for heavy music, born in Ukraine, now living in Reykjavík, Iceland. I figured what could be more metal that traveling to this dark island in the middle of winter to play classic thrash metal covers a the coldest time of year and record the whole thing. So off we go. It will be Grim with Forbidden Icy Decaying Blackness. (And hopefully very pretty with the Northern Lights in full effect.)

I urge everyone to check out her site and her original music as well. This is gonna be a blast, and we are doing the show that the club that is basically the CBGB’s of Iceland and trying to get some TV and radio promo happening too. If we can work it out, we’ll have the show web cast and archived. 

Audio from Youtube ripped with Firefox Addon Downloadhelper to FLAC

1. Battery
2. Tornado Of Souls
3. Ace Of Spades
4. Kaiowas
5. Toxicity
6. We're In This Together
7. Vicarious
8. Hollow
9. One / Raining Blood


 
http://www.vkgoeswild.com/
 
http://www.brianviglione.com/category/news/


FEEL FREE TO CONVERT THEM TO MP3/ETC FOR YOUR OWN PERSONAL USE, BUT SPREAD THEM AS THESE FLAC!
THANX!!!!!!!