S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon (c) D3Publisher

14-12-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
Action...............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Thousands of giant insects and aliens once again ravage the earth, and
only the Earth Defense Force can stop them. Defend the city of New
Detroit against an infestation bigger and meaner than ever before.
Destroy these monsters at all costs, even if it means turning entire
city blocks into rubble

Enjoy raw arcade shooter satisfaction on a gigantic modern scale.
Collect over 300 weapons: assault rifles, rocket launchers, energy
weapons, sniper rifles, grenade launchers and more Play with 4
upgradeable armor types: Jetpack, Battle, Tactical, and Trooper.
Experience Massive replayability through arcade style scoring, tons of
weapons to collect, and multiple difficulty levels in every game mode

In addition, the game also features a six player Survival mode that
pits a human squad against a nonstop onslaught of the largest enemies
the aliens have to offer. New Detroits giant bug problem is
unavoidable, and mankind's last hope lies with the Earth Defense Force.
Defend the world from the insect invasion, even if it means blowing up
the entire city as part of the extermination process.

Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon and the soldiers are equipped
better than ever in the latest cult classic iteration that follows in
the footsteps of Earth Defense Force 2017 (Japanese Title "Earth
Defense Force 3" developed by Sandlot), and Earth Defense Force: Insect
Armageddon continues the rich history and hardcore fun of the series.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Merry Christmas to all friends of the family

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision