Creating Digital Humans 1: Volume and Muscle

5 hrs. 50 min.   |  July 3, 2007  |  Maya 8.5 or higher  |  Author: Justin Marshall


Learn organic modeling techniques and a production workflow to creating clean topology and establishing anatomical volume and muscle to create a realistic human from reference. Contains over 5 hours of project-based training for artists learning the technical and artistic processes of creating digital doubles. Popular highlights include: Polygon Modeling; Subdivisional Modeling; Anatomical Structure; Anatomy Concepts; Primitive Modeling; Blocking-in Form; Establishing Volume; Organizing Topology; Creating Edge Flow; Adding Muscle Definition; Evaluating Proportions; Modeling to Reference; Re-routing Edge Loops; Strategic Use of Edge Loops; Connecting Geometry.

Creating Digital Humans 2: Definition and Detailing

5 hrs. 49 min.   |  July 16, 2007  |  Maya 8.5 or higher  |  Author: Justin Marshall


Learn organic modeling techniques and a production workflow to creating clean topology, adding muscle definition, and strategically adding detail to create a realistic human from reference. Contains over 5 hours of project-based training for artists learning the technical and artistic processes of creating digital doubles for use in Film and Games. Popular highlights include: Polygon Modeling; Subdivisional Modeling; Anatomical Structure; Anatomy Concepts; Creating Believable Likeness; Refining Edge Flow; Strategic use of Small Detail; Hair Construction using Curves; Sculpting Geometry; Muscle Definition; Matching Facial Features; Adding Key Characteristics; Localizing Detail; Detailing Hands and Feet; Adding Wrinkles to Skin; Adding Asymmetrical Details; Matching Photographic Reference; Creating Eyeball Geometry; Solving Common Geometry Concerns; Optimizing Geometry for Texturing. Disclaimer: Some photographic reference contains nudity and is intended for mature audiences.

Creating Digital Humans 3: UV and Texture Mapping

6 hrs. 18 min.   |  August 27, 2007  |  Maya 8.5 and up  |  Author: Justin Marshall


Learn a production workflow to UV layout and texture mapping and time-saving techniques to create realistic humans from reference. Contains over 6 hours of project-based training for artists learning the technical and artistic processes of creating digital doubles for use in Film and Games. Popular highlights include: Resolution Considerations; Using UVLayout from Headus; UV Layout in Maya; UV Snapshot; Reference Images as Texture Base; Blending Multiple Images; Warping Textures to Fit UV Layout; Color Correcting Texture Sections; Blending Seams; Blending Between Multiple Maps; Texturing NURBS Surfaces; Adding Realism to Hair with Transparency Maps; Creating Procedural Eyes; Creating Eyelashes with Transparency; Troubleshooting UV Seams; Moving Details with Photoshop Tools Disclaimer: Some photographic reference contains nudity and is intended for mature audiences.

Creating Digital Humans 4: Shading and Rendering

2 hrs. 53 min.   |  August 27, 2007  |  Maya 8.5 and up  |  Author: Justin Marshall


Learn a production workflow to shading and rendering using innovative techniques for creating realistic humans from reference. Contains 3 hours of project-based training for artists learning the technical and artistic processes of creating digital doubles for use in Film and Games. Popular highlights include: Fast Skin Shader in mental ray; Sub-surface Scattering Techniques; Generating Sub-dermal Maps; Generating Epidermal Maps; Creating Shading Networks; Adding Bump Maps; Adding Specularity; Scene Maintenance; Creating Hair Strands with Paint Effects; Adding Digital Makeup; Creating Lighting Setup ; Effects of Light on Skin. Disclaimer: Some photographic reference contains nudity and is intended for mature audiences.