
Here’s what 2011 has for you. 

...

Next generation user experience :

Mandriva has decided to focus his efforts on one user environment (KDE). We put all our efforts in having many improvements (all open source) on the usual linux desktop experience.

It is directly visible with a new graphical design, a new main program start menu (SimpleWelcome), an improved taskbar (RocketBar) that includes fast directory access applets (StackFolder).

An effort of graphical integration of all types of applications (gnome and kde) has been done. There are no graphical differences between Gnome and KDE applications.



A better, simpler environment :

A new graphical theme has been created for the desktop including a full range of icons.

The login manager (KDM) was also improved, with bigger icons, it allows to perfectly see faces photo when logging in.

The file manager Dolphin is even more simplified without menu bar.

With this same goal of ergonomy, the full feature and lightweight music player Clementine as well as the photo manager Shotwell were adopted.

Pitivi video editor has been updated to version 0.14.2 it includes many new video effects and an improved ergonomy.



Mandriva Smart Desktop :

Mandriva continues to improve its Mandriva Smart Desktop. Nepomuk, the component that manages informations on informations, has received a faster backend engine (Virtuoso).

TimeFrame is a SimpleWelcome panel. It shows the files (document, videos, photos) used by the different applications on a time line. It becomes possible to find a file by just knowing when it was saved. TimeFrame is based on Nepomuk.

The desktop environment integrates the notion of Activity. An activity is a group of application and a configuration of the desktop (specific desktop icons, background image, ...).



Firefox :

Firefox 5.0.1 is the well known open source full featured web browser.

The 5.0.1 version includes plenty of new functions.

You will find sites quicker thanks to the functions of the location bar. Just type part of an url, or a word of a page title, and Firefox will propose to you the corresponding sites.

A myriad of small graphical interface change will increase your speed and productivity : new place for the Home button, new bookmark button, all menu items accessible from a single button, a new place for the reload button, ...

The tab line is now above the navigation bar. It means that all current web page informations and content are better grouped. A new function (Panorama) allows to group and view tab contents quickly and visually.

The speed of the html rendering engine and of javascript have been increased.

Firefox now fully support html5 and smil as well as html and svg as it previously did. Web sites with even more graphical animation will emerge from the support of these technologies.



LibreOffice makes every day more open.

Mandriva Linux 2011 includes LibreOffice full office software suite. It benefits of years of efforts and a vibrant, active supporting community.

LibreOffice is perfectly integrated into the desktop environment (style, file dialog, font rendering). It also includes more features and optimisation.

For example, LibreOffice Calc is faster and pivot tables were heavily worked on. More options, more speed, a clearer interface, with an easier loading of documents coming from other software.

A new html export assistant was also added for LibreOffice Impress helping preparing a presentation for a web output.

Many other features were added to LibreOffice
.

And...



Clementine :
 Clementine is the new default music player (other are available). It is a simple yet powerful software. .


Easing the bug reporting
 A dedicated software is now integrated for helping bug reporting. It eases the communication between users and the distribution. ..



MandrivaSync :
 Mandriva is experimenting a service of data synchronisation. It will allow to sync your data totally or in part with a central web server. It will be possible to choose which files and directory you sync, and which you do not. .


Shotwell photo album :
 Shotwell is the new standard for the photo management in free software. It lets you import photos from disk or camera, organize them in various ways, view them in full-window or fullscreen mode, share them with others and much more. ..



Network management and configuration :
 NetworkManager associated with Knetworkmanager are now used for the management of network connections. It is a very robust solution and has a better consistency with the system in a whole. .


Microblogging with Choqok :
 Choqok is the standard microbloging client. It is well integrated in KDE and runs quietly in the systemtray. You don't need to open a web-browser to share your thinks, do it directly from your desktop. ..



X server :
 X.Org 7.6 with X Server 1.10.3 is used in Mandriva Linux 2011 along with newer drivers for Intel, Nvidia and AMD/ATI graphic chipsets that improves performance and stability. .


Kernel 2.6.38 :
 Mandriva 2011 comes with kernel Linux 2.6.38. It has many improvements comparing to 2.6.33 which is used in Mandriva 2010.2. Of course, the most notable changes are improvements in hardware support, including ongoing improvements to support more LAN, Wi-Fi, audio, video hardware and many improvements for the different file system type such as brtfs, xfs, ext3, ext4. ..



Startup optimisation :
 The service manager Sysvinit is replaced by FreeDesktop.org systemd in Mandriva 2011. Systemd is a system and service manager for Linux, compatible with SysV and LSB init scripts. It provides aggressive parallelization capabilities, uses socket and D-Bus activation for starting services, offers on-demand starting of daemons, keeps track of processes using Linux cgroups, supports snapshotting and restoring of the system state, maintains mount and automount points and implements an elaborate transactional dependency-based service control logic. .


RPM5 :
 The packaging software (RPM) is at the heart of the distribution. Rpm5 is a new major version of rpm. It was designed from start to be compatible with previous versions of rpm, much more flexible (possible choice of database storage format, possible choice of script language) and more robust (transaction for the writing to the database). Using an updated codebase is also crucial to ease the long term maintenance of the software. ..



Experimental Mandriva Package Manager :

Mandriva Package Manager (MPM) is a new package manager for Mandriva. Currently it is under heavy development and is not included in the distribution by default, but you can install it from repository.

Our goal is to create a modern, graphically attractive software. It has a client-server architecture, opening the possibility in the future to manage many computers from a single graphical interface.

Please, help us to test MPM. After some period of testing we will include it into Mandriva by default (approximately into Mandriva 2011 LTS).
..


And there are more !

Bash 4.2 – Python 2.7.2 – PHP 5.3.8 – Apache 2.2.19 – Glibc 2.13 – GCC 4.6.1 – etc.

See and learn more here :
(http://www.mandriva.com/en/linux/features)

Os : Mandriva 2011 x86_x64 free edition (Linux)
for all processor with 64 bit support
if your processor does not support 64 bit,then switch to my other torrent for 
x86 only .


Enjoy
regards