ASCiiROY

P R E S E N T S

ALIENSKIN FINAL VERSIONS OF 4 PLUG-INS FOR ADOBE PS CS4/CS5

Bokeh 2.0.1.385
Exposure v3.0.6.1145
EyeCandy v6.1.1.1094
SnapArt v3.0.0.649


---------PKMOD + CRACK---------


Type..........: PLUGIN              Packager......: TEAM XFORCE
Publisher.....: ALIENSKIN            Cracker.......: TEAM XFORCE
Supplier......: TEAM XFORCE          Release Date..: APR 18TH 2011

Release notes..

EXPOSURE:

Over 500 analog techniques and organic looks are back like cross processing, Polaroid and vintage Daguerreotype. There is careful research under the hood, but the controls are simple so you can focus on the creative choices. The result is a photo that looks like it was made by a human, not a computer.

SNAP-ART:

Snap Art turns your photograph into a beautiful work of art that looks completely handmade. Improved realism in version 3 keeps your subject natural and recognizable. The result is a finished piece worthy of printing on canvas and hanging in a gallery.
Using Snap Art just requires a creative idea, not hand-eye coordination or technical training. Simply choose from hundreds of styles such as oil paint, watercolor, pencil sketch, or the new crayon. If you need more control, the new detail mask let’s you quickly mark areas where you want the subject to be clearer.

BOKEH:

Bokeh 2 provides a wide range of creative focus effects and accurate lens simulation in a simple interface. Photographers use Bokeh to draw attention to their subject by manipulating focus, vignette, and depth of field.

Bokeh gives you the visual language of specialized lenses without the expense or hassle. Just drop a focus region over your subject and choose a preset or easily craft your own look.

Bokeh 2 is dramatically faster, has multiple focus regions, motion blur, and a more flexible vignette.

EYE CANDY:

Eye Candy 6 is a set of 30 Photoshop filters that elegantly handle a wide range of design tasks, from slick Web interfaces to tasteful logos to spectacular titles. Realistic simulation of natural phenomena gives beautifully detailed results.
Eye Candy’s simple interface makes it easy, saving you loads of time in Photoshop. Effects now adapt to your current image size, making for less slider adjusting. Over 1500 carefully designed presets are organized into categories for quick browsing.
Eye Candy is made for demanding production environments with features like CMYK mode, multi-core CPU acceleration, 64-bit Photoshop support, and two custom panels for Photoshop CS4 or later. Non-destructive editing is achieved through Photoshop Smart Filters or drawing the effect on a new layer.

MORE INFO, FEATURES, ETC:
  
http://www.alienskin.com/exposure/index.aspx 
http://www.alienskin.com/snapart/index.aspx 
http://www.alienskin.com/bokeh/index.aspx 
http://www.alienskin.com/eyecandy/index.aspx

INSTALLATION:
------------

1. Unzip & Unrar, check PKMOD + CRACK\Instruction Alien Skin Photo Bundle.pdf
(or PKMOD + CRACK\Instrucciones by manusero.txt)

2. Enjoy it

When so many groups bring you crap fakes non-working, X-FORCE always
gets you the Best of the Best. ACCEPT NO IMITATION

X-Force 2011

Group News & Greetings..

OUR DiAMONDS-4-EVER GREETiNGS MUST GO TO :

All our OLD friends ...  and to all our fans

manusero_001@hotmail.com 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/manusero