Taking the Byte out of Malware

Malwarebytes technology takes the next step in the fight against malware. Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO detects and removes malware where even the best known anti-virus and anti-malware applications fail.

Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO monitors every process and stops malicious processes before they even start. The Proactive Protection Module keeps your system safe and secure with advanced heuristic scanning technology. The comprehensive Threats Center keeps you up-to-date with the latest malware threats.

Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO Features include:

    Flash - Lightning fast scan speeds
    Thorough - Full scans for all drives
    Works Well With Others - Cooperative functionality
    Puts YOU first! - Priority database updates
    Puts Malware in the Slammer - Quarantine function holds threats and lets you restore at your convenience
    Talk to the hand - Ignore list for both the scanner and Protection Module
    For Your Pleasure - Customizable settings enhance performance
    Toolbox - Extra utilities to help remove malware manually
    Nitty Gritty - Command line support for quick scanning
    RPP, Yeah You Know Me - Realtime Proactive Protection Module
    Hablamos Everything! - Multi-lingual support (Klingon still in beta)
    Support for Windows 2000, XP, Vista, and 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)


    100 MILLION DOWNLOADS WORLDWIDE
    5 BILLION PIECES OF MALWARE REMOVED
    7 YEARS DEDICATED TO FIGHTING MALWARE
    97 PERCENT OF ALL ONLINE THREATS ARE MALWARE


Download

    Version: 1.51
    File Size: 9.00 MB
    Operating Systems: Microsoft ® Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7 (32-bit and 64-bit).
    Languages Available: English, Arabic, Belarusian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Vietnamese.

Issues No Longer

    Fixed issue with the scheduler not performing realtime updates.
    Fixed multiple issues with product crashing during a scan.
    Fixed issue with log not saving on certain command line scans.
    Fixed various issues with Finnish, Italian, and Norwegian languages.
    Fixed formatting and misspelling issues in product help file.
