This is 3 Audiobooks for Karen Rose
1=Die for Me
2=Scream for Me
3=Kill for Me

Book Description=Die for Me

The first victim is found in a snow-covered Philadelphia field. Detective 
Vito Ciccotelli enlists the aid of archaeologist Sophie Johannsen to 
determine exactly what lies beneath the frozen ground. Despite years 
of unearthing things long buried, nothing can prepare Sophie for the 
matrix of graves dug with chilling precision. The victims buried there 
haunt her. But while the empty graves terrify her, the killer isn’t 
done yet. 

He is cold and calculating, the master of a twisted game. Even with 
Vito and Sophie hot on his trail, he will not stop. One more empty grave 
must be filled and one last scream must be heard, the scream of an archaeologis-
-
t who is too close for comfort and too near to resist.

Die for Me is the winner of the Romantic Times Reviewers’ Choice Award 
for Best Romantic Suspense of 2007 and a finalist in the Romance Writers 
of America RITA contest.




Book Description=Scream for Me

Not long after his brother, Simon, was revealed to be a ruthless serial 
killer and met his demise, Special Agent Daniel Vartanian is drawn back 
into Simon’s dark past. A series of recent killings are mimicking an 
unsolved murder from thirteen years before that is somehow linked to 
a collection of photographs that belonged to Simon. With a handful of 
images as his only lead, Daniel is determined to bring the current murderer 
to justice and solve the mysterious crime from years ago. His search 
will lead him back through the dark past of his own family and into 
the realm of a mind more sinister than he could ever imagine. But his 
quest will also draw him to Alex Fallon, a beautiful nurse whose troubled 
past reflects his own and who is now the object of a murderer’s dark 
obsession. His race to discover the criminal’s identity may also be 
his only chance to save the woman he loves.




Book Description=Kill for Me

Five teenage girls have been murdered. One survived, and only she can 
reveal the secrets of a disturbing ring of people who kidnap and sell 
teenage girls on the black market. But those responsible for the crimes 
will do whatever it takes to maintain her silence.

Susannah Vartanian and Luke Papadopoulos have both sworn to stop the 
murderers for their own reasons. Susannah suffers from a mysterious 
past that is connected to the sinister black market. Luke is an investigative 
agent and a computer expert who refuses to let another child predator 
get away.

Susannah and Luke are instantly attracted to each other, but their troubled 
pasts prevent them from immediately acting upon their feelings. The 
case will lead them to the shady realm of Internet chat rooms, where 
anyone can mask their identity. As Susannah and Luke draw closer to 
the criminals, they discover a chain of deception so intricate they 
don't know who to trust. Susannah and Luke find comfort in one another's 
arms, but the killers are ruthless and determined, and will take extreme 
measures to insure their anonymity and keep their business intact.


