Screens: 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-6EFE_4D1D80C3.html
 
http://www.picswan.com/adult/share-165F_4D1D80C3.html


Megan Foxx - Megan Foxx Interracial at Blacks On Blondes
Added: December 29, 2010

The best part of Megan Foxx waking up is the big black dick in her rump. This morning we find interracial lovers, Megan Foxx and Flash "My big black cock has its own postal code" Brown, in bed acting lovey dovey. Flash whispers into Megan's ear that he wants to be the first one to drill her anal cavity until the tip of his black cock reaches her molars. Megan's initial hesitation disappears once her sexual chocolate feels her up and gets in her head. Megan wastes no time in slurping on the black fire hydrant he calls a dick. Each gulp of his black monster results in saliva dripping down her fat tits, past her stomach, and onto a pussy that's moments away from being turned into rubble. The tiny pussy on Megan Foxx transforms into a snatch that has the same circumference of a water well once Flash has had its way with it. The sound of hefty, black nuts slapping white meat curtains are met with the same pitch by Megan's screaming and shouting for Flash to speed up the pounding. Next on the itinerary is Megan's sphincter which has always been an exit and never an entrance. On her back and spread eagle Megan awaits the mother lode of black cocks and her ass muscles quickly flinch the second Flash's sword invades her naughtiest of areas. Inch after inch of black cock digs its way deep into her ass while her fingers spread apart her pussy (That's still aching from minutes before). The sign of a true black cock whore is when they suck their own ass juice off a black cock that was just in their backdoor. Megan eagerly slurps down that big black cock as her mouth spit shines it clean. The only thing left would be for Flash to deposit his rice pudding all over Megan's face until his tank runs empty. Megan Foxx wasn't able to walk completely straight for a full week after this interracial sex fiasco.