Title: Loong Boonmee Raleuk Chat aka Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives
Year: 2010 
Country: Thailand | UK | France | Germany | Spain | Netherlands
Language: Thai 
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Comedy / Fantasy  
Runtime: 114 min
Resolution: 720 X 400
Bitrates: 192 kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3 
Directed by: Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Starring:
Thanapat Saisaymar  ...  Boonmee 
Sakda Kaewbuadee  ...  Tong
Jenjira Pongpas  ...  Jen
Matthieu Ly  ...  Farmer
Vien Pimdee  ...  Farmer

 	
IMDB:      
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1588895/

IMDB Rating: 7.2/10  

Plot: Apichatpong Weerasethakul's Thai movie has a cumbersome title, but it is a gloriously worthy winner of the Palme d'Or at this year's Cannes film festival. This is a visionary film in the director's characteristic style: mysterious, dreamlike, gentle, quiet, magical. It has elements that are at first glance absurd, and at second or third glance, too, come to that. But they are beguiling and beautiful as well: the extended, wordless opening sequence in which a water buffalo appears to break free from its rope and roam the plains and forests of north-east Thailand at dusk is superbly filmed.
 
Boonmee is a middle-aged man, in need of kidney dialysis, who has come to the remote forest to end his days: this is an important place from his childhood, and, he believes, the location for his former existences. His recalling of these past lives is partly, but only partly, a case of previous incarnations being presented in a mystical flashback parallel. There is an extraordinary scene in which an unhappy princess converses and then has ecstatic sex with a catfish. The past lives of the title also refer to those of other people now lost to Boonmee: his dead wife and lost son.

He has come to the forest with Laotian nurse Jaai (Samud Kugasang), his sister-in-law Jen (Jenjira Pongpas), and his young cousin Tong (Sakda Kaewbuadee). At the dinner table, they are astonished when the ghost of Boonmee's wife, Huay (Natthakarn Aphaiwonk), appears to them. Huay has come to give modest advice on the manner in which we must surrender to death. But this is not all: the spirit of Boonmee's son Boonsong (Geerasak Kulhong), who disappeared many years ago, presents himself reincarnated as a forest monkey spirit – a hairy, Wookieish creature. Baldly recounted, these events sound ridiculous, and yet it all has something sublime and visionary about it, with a spiritual quality I can't remember seeing in any film recently. Uncle Boonmee offers pleasure and heartbreak in equal measure. (Guardian - UK)

This is the greatest winner of the "Palme d'Or" at 2010 Cannes Film Festival.


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLE IN ENGLISH.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                              
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ			