The Simpsons - Season 06

Series: The Simpsons
DVD release: August 16, 2005
Network: Fox
No. of episodes: 25
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------

S06E01 - Bart of Darkness
A heat wave is gripping Springfield and the townspeople attempt to cool down. Bart and Lisa persuade Homer to buy them a swimming pool, which proves popular with the town's other children. Bart ends up breaking his leg when he dives off his treehouse and is forced to spend the rest of the summer in his room. Realizing that he has become isolated, Lisa gives Bart her telescope to cheer him up. Using it, he witnesses Ned Flanders digging a grave and through his ramblings, determines that Ned has killed his wife Maude. He sends Lisa over to the Flanders' house to look for proof of the "crime", only for Ned to return, holding an axe. However, he is merely putting it away; and it is revealed that Maude is still alive and well, and all that Ned killed was her favorite plant.

S06E02 - Lisa's Rival
A new student named Allison Taylor arrives at Springfield Elementary School and proves to be more than a match for Lisa in both educational and musical feats. After Allison wins first chair saxophone in the school orchestra ahead of her, Lisa vows to defeat Allison at something: by winning the school diorama contest. Meanwhile, Homer steals 100 pounds of sugar from an overturned truck and decides to sell it to the town. However, despite his best efforts to guard his sugar mound, a rainstorm dissolves it. At the contest, Bart switches Allison's diorama of The Tell-Tale Heart with a cow's heart to help Lisa win. Lisa's guilt at the plan forces her to give Allison's real model back. The pair set aside their differences and become friends. Principal Skinner decides that neither Allison nor Lisa's entry deserves to win, awarding victory to Ralph Wiggum.
Guest star: Winona Ryder.

S06E03 - Another Simpsons Clip Show
After reading The Bridges of Madison County, Marge decides that she and Homer need to teach the kids about romance. Each of the Simpsons (using clips from previous episodes) reminisce about past romantic encounters, leaving them all depressed and believing that love does not work. However, Homer saves the day by pointing out that one relationship has succeeded, his and Marge's.

S06E04 - Itchy & Scratchy Land
Bart and Lisa convince their parents to take their family vacation at the newly opened Itchy & Scratchy Land. After experiencing several of the violent attractions, Homer and Marge go to "Parents Island", while Bart and Lisa continue to explore the park. The vacation seems to be going well, until Bart and Homer are both apprehended by the park security for assaulting a staff member dressed in an Itchy suit. Professor Frink realizes that all of the park's Itchy & Scratchy robots will turn on their masters; an event which proves true as a horde of Itchy and Scratchy robots advance on the Simpsons. Homer throws everything he can at them, before discovering that a camera's flash destroys the robots. The family take more cameras from a gift shop and defeat the Itchy & Scratchy army. Roger Meyers, Jr. thanks them, and the Simpsons agree that it was actually their best vacation ever.

S06E05 - Sideshow Bob Roberts
After pleading his case on air to right-wing talk show host Birch Barlow, Sideshow Bob is released from prison. Soon, Bob is announced as the Republican candidate for mayor of Springfield. Bart and Lisa help campaign for Mayor Quimby but despite their efforts, Bob wins the election with a landslide majority. Within days, the Simpsons awake to find that their house will soon be demolished to make way for the planned Matlock Expressway. Bart and Lisa begin to suspect that Bob somehow rigged the election. While searching through the voter records, Lisa is left a message by someone who claims to know what actually happened. The whistle blower turns out to be Waylon Smithers, who dislikes some of Bob's policies. He gives Bart and Lisa the name of a man who voted for Bob, but had really been long dead. The pair discovers that virtually every single person who supposedly voted for Bob is actually dead. At the trial, Bart and Lisa trick Bob into confessing his crime, and he is put back in prison.
Guest stars: Kelsey Grammer, Larry King, Dr. Demento and Phil Hartman.

S06E06 - Treehouse of Horror V
A Halloween special which is divided into three short stories:
The Shinning – A parody of the film The Shining, in which Homer tries to kill the rest of the family after Mr. Burns cuts off the beer supply and cable TV in his winter home.
Time and Punishment – While attempting to fix it, Homer creates a time machine out of his toaster.
Nightmare Cafeteria – To solve the problems of overcrowded detention and lack of meat, the Springfield Elementary teachers resort to eating the students.
Guest star: James Earl Jones.

S06E07 - Bart's Girlfriend
Bart becomes attracted to Reverend Lovejoy's daughter Jessica, but finds his attempts to impress her repeatedly ignored. After pulling a prank on Groundskeeper Willie, and offending Jessica's parents at dinner, she becomes interested in him. As they begin a relationship, Bart believes that Jessica is a bad influence on him and decides against seeing her anymore. However, at church Bart has to sit next to Jessica, who steals the money from the church collection plate and frames him for the crime. Next week, Lisa tells the congregation that Jessica was the real perpetrator, and suggests they search Jessica's room. The money is found hidden under Jessica's bed, and she admits to the crime.
Guest star: Meryl Streep.

S06E08 - Lisa on Ice
Lisa discovers that she is failing gym class. In order to pass, she joins a local ice hockey team as their goalie. This creates an intense sibling rivalry between her and Bart, who is jealous of Lisa's abilities because he had always been the family's star hockey player. Marge tries to resolve their conflicts by reminding them that they are not in competition with each other, but this backfires as the next fixture is between Bart and Lisa's teams. During the match, Bart prepares to take a penalty against Lisa, but remembering past events in which they helped each other, the pair throw aside their equipment and embrace, tying the game.

S06E09 - Homer Badman
Homer and Marge attend a candy convention, where Homer successfully steals a gummy Venus de Milo. Later, after Homer takes the children's babysitter Ashley Grant home, he notices that the gummy Venus has become stuck to her pants and grabs it, an action that Ashley misinterprets as a sexual advance. A mob of protesters soon appear at the Simpsons' house, claiming that Homer sexually harassed Ashley. All of Homer's attempts to prove himself innocent go wrong, until he tells his side of the story on a public-access TV channel. Groundskeeper Willie sees Homer's speech and gives him a secretly recorded video tape that shows Homer was innocent after all.
Guest star: Dennis Franz.

S06E10 - Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy
Homer and Marge's marriage is beginning to sour due to their fading sex lives. Grampa concocts a tonic that successfully cures their problems. The effectiveness of the tonic results in he and Homer going into business together, selling "Simpson and Son's Tonic" to the public. When they visit the farmhouse where Homer grew up, the two get into an argument, resulting in Grampa calling Homer an "accident". Homer refuses to speak to Grampa ever again, and vows to be a better father to his own children. Later, he goes back to the farmhouse, coincidentally at the same time as Grampa. Both of them accidentally set fire to the building, and reconcile.
Guest star: Phil Hartman.

S06E11 - Fear of Flying
After being banned from Moe's for life, Homer goes to a pilots' bar. There, he is mistaken as a real pilot and destroys a plane. As payment for the mistake, the Simpsons' are given free tickets to anywhere in America. Marge becomes uneasy on the plane and admits that she has a fear of flying, putting the vacation on hold. Marge undergoes treatment with therapist Dr. Zweig, who uncovers the roots of Marge's fear. The problem she has is that her father was a male flight attendant. Zweig assures her that male flight attendants are now very common, and Marge is ostensibly cured.
Guest stars: Anne Bancroft, Ted Danson, Woody Harrelson, Rhea Perlman, John Ratzenberger and George Wendt.

S06E12 - Homer the Great
Homer discovers that Lenny and Carl are members of the ancient secret society known as the Stonecutters. Gaining membership through Grampa, Homer takes great pleasure in the society's many privileges and events. Unfortunately, during a celebratory dinner he unwittingly destroys the Stonecutter's "Sacred Parchment". Homer is stripped of his membership, until it is discovered that he is "The Chosen One" who will lead the Stonecutters to glory. Homer's reign eventually angers his fellow members, who break off and form a new society known as "The Ancient Mystic Society of No Homers", banning Homer from joining.
Guest star: Patrick Stewart.

S06E13 - And Maggie Makes Three
Homer regales the long story of Maggie's birth. Back in 1993, Homer dreams of working at the bowling alley, even though it pays less than his job at the Power Plant. Homer works out a way that means the family will have enough to live on, as long as everything stays exactly the way it is. However, Marge becomes pregnant once again, but tries to keep the news from Homer. He eventually finds out and, because of the impending financial problems, is forced to go back to the Power Plant. As much as he dreads the idea of having another child, when Maggie is born Homer immediately falls in love with her.

S06E14 - Bart's Comet
During detention, Bart accidentally discovers a comet. It is then discovered that the comet is heading straight for Springfield, and a rocket is launched to destroy it. However, it misses and blows up the only bridge out of town, dooming everyone in Springfield. The Simpsons and the Flanders share the bomb shelter that Ned had built, to hopefully protect themselves from the comet. Soon, everyone in town joins them in the shelter, but the door cannot be closed unless somebody leaves. Homer decides that the only useless person there is Ned, and forces him to go. Homer then feels guilty about his decision and leaves, with the rest of the town following him. However the danger is averted when the comet enters the atmosphere and burns up in the thick layer of pollution.

S06E15 - Homie the Clown
Krusty's poor gambling skills and wasteful habits land him in deep financial trouble, and to make up for it he launches a training college for clowns. Homer enters the program, and after graduating he impersonates Krusty at the events that the real Krusty deems unworthy of his personal appearance. Homer discovers that, mistaken for Krusty, he receives all sorts of benefits from authority figures and businesses. The impersonation goes too far when Homer is kidnapped by Fat Tony's mob, to whom the real Krusty is indebted. Luckily, the real Krusty arrives and his and Homer's lives are spared after they entertain the mob with an elaborate clown trick.
Guest stars: Joe Mantegna, Dick Cavett and Johnny Unitas.

S06E16 - Bart vs. Australia
In order to prove Lisa wrong about the coriolis effect, Bart calls several locations in the southern hemisphere. He collect calls Australia, but the call lasts six hours and costs $900.00. After the call's recipient complains, Australia indicts Bart for fraud. The United States State Department negotiates a settlement, with Bart having to publicly apologize in Australia. There, after Bart apologizes, the parliament wishes to give him the additional punishment of a booting. Bart and Homer flee, but Bart later agrees to accept the booting anyway. Before he can be punished, he moons the Australians and the family leaves in a helicopter.
Guest stars: Phil Hartman.

S06E17 - Homer vs. Patty and Selma
After a bad investment, Homer is forced to borrow money from Patty and Selma. In return the pair make Homer's life miserable. After Marge finds out, Homer decides to become a chauffeur, but is pulled over when he does not have a chauffeur's license. When he goes to apply for one, Patty and Selma (the DMV examiners) mercilessly fail him on all counts. The pair begin to smoke, but are told by their supervisor such an action could cost them their promotions. Homer acts quickly and claims the cigarettes are his own, saving Patty and Selma, in exchange for clearing his debt to them. Meanwhile, Bart is forced to take ballet but finds that he enjoys it.
Guest stars: Susan Sarandon and Mel Brooks.

S06E18 - A Star Is Burns
Springfield adopts Marge's suggestion of a film festival, in which any of the townspeople can enter a short film. To help her judge, Jay Sherman comes from New York to stay at the Simpsons' house. Homer feels threatened by Jay, and so Marge puts him on the panel as well. At the festival, the vote becomes deadlocked between Mr. Burns self-glorifying biopic and Barney's touching film about alcoholism. Homer, originally supporting Hans Moleman's film Man Getting Hit by Football, is convinced to vote for Barney's film, which wins the competition.
Guest stars: Jon Lovitz, Phil Hartman and Maurice LaMarche.

S06E19 - Lisa's Wedding
At a renaissance fair, a fortune teller predicts the story of Lisa's first true love. She explains that Lisa will fall madly in love with British student Hugh Parkfield. The pair's relationship grows, with Hugh eventually proposing to Lisa. The wedding will take place in Springfield, but Lisa becomes embarrassed with her family's behavior, particularly Homer's. Hugh begins to bond with them, until Homer presents him with a pair of tacky cuff links, which he grudgingly agrees to wear at the wedding. He does not actually wear them, and when questioned by Lisa he states that after the wedding they will return to England and avoid all but minimal contact with her family. Disgusted, she calls off the wedding.
Guest stars: Mandy Patinkin and Phil Hartman.

S06E20 - Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
Edna Krabappel calls a strike to protest against Principal Skinner's low spending on the school. Bart fuels the strike by repeatedly turning the teachers against Skinner. The parents of Springfield eventually decide to take matters into their own hands, and recruit volunteers from the community to take over as temporary teachers. After several failed substitutes, Marge becomes Bart's teacher. Bart grudgingly decides to resolve the strike, and locks both Krabappel and Skinner in Skinner's office. The experience inspires them to rent out the school cloakrooms to Springfield Prison, in order to earn more money.

S06E21 - The PTA Disbands
Edna Krabappel calls a strike to protest against Principal Skinner's low spending on the school. Bart fuels the strike by repeatedly turning the teachers against Skinner. The parents of Springfield eventually decide to take matters into their own hands, and recruit volunteers from the community to take over as temporary teachers. After several failed substitutes, Marge becomes Bart's teacher. Bart grudgingly decides to resolve the strike, and locks both Krabappel and Skinner in Skinner's office. The experience inspires them to rent out the school cloakrooms to Springfield Prison, in order to earn more money.

S06E22 - Round Springfield
Bart gets a stomach ache after accidentally eating a jagged metal Krusty-O, and collapses on the medical room floor. After surgery, it emerges he has appendicitis. When visiting Bart, Lisa meets Bleeding Gums Murphy in another ward. He lends Lisa his saxophone for her school recital, but when she returns she learns that Bleeding Gums has died. Lisa is the only person who attends his funeral, and vows to make sure that everyone in Springfield knows his name. Lisa decides to honor Bleeding Gums' by having his album played on the radio, but cannot afford it. Bart buys it for her, using the $500 he won from suing Krusty. Lightning strikes the station's antenna, projecting the album into every radio in Springfield.
Guest stars: Ron Taylor, Steve Allen and Phil Hartman.

S06E23 - The Springfield Connection
fter he cons Homer, Marge chases down Snake, and gets him arrested. Finding the experience exhilarating, Marge enrolls in the police force. After passing the training course, Marge begins fighting crime. Initially Homer finds that being a "cop-husband" is good, but changes his mind when Marge arrests him for illegal parking and stealing her police hat. After he is released, Homer finds a jean-counterfeiting operation in his garage, led by Herman. As the group prepare to kill Homer, Marge saves him. Herman escapes and takes Homer hostage in Bart's treehouse. Marge rescues him again, and Herman falls to the ground and is apprehended. After finding that the rest of the force is corrupt, Marge resigns.
Guest star: Phil Hartman.

S06E24 - Lemon of Troy
After Marge teaches him about town pride, Bart becomes embroiled in a fight with a boy from the neighboring town of Shelbyville. The next day, Springfield's lemon tree is stolen by Shelbyville, and Bart leads Milhouse, Nelson, Martin, Todd, and Database to get it back. Bart learns that the tree is at an impound lot. Homer uses Flanders' RV to lead the adults to find their kids, and the two groups meet decide to recover the tree together. They park the RV in a hospital zone, and it is towed to the impound lot. The Springfieldians rescue the tree, and escape back to Springfield.

S06E25 - Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part One)
Springfield Elementary School strikes oil, and plans to spend elaborately. Mr. Burns finds out about the oil and establishes a slant drilling operation to take it for himself. As a result Moe's Tavern is closed, the Springfield Retirement Home collapses, Bart's treehouse is destroyed and Santa's Little Helper is injured, and the school loses all of its money. Burns next decides to build a machine capable of blocking out the sun over Springfield. He fires a recalcitrant Smithers, and Homer vows revenge after Burns repeatedly fails to remember his name. After an emergency town meeting, Burns sets up the sun blocker, believing himself invincible. However, he is shot by an unidentified assailant, and collapses on the town's sundial. The plot concludes in the seventh season opener "Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part Two)".
Guest star: Tito Puente.

---------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp