The Mathnawi of Jalalu'ddin Rumi (3 Volume Set)
by Jalalu'ddin Rumi (Author), Reynold A. Nicholson (Translator)

Gibb Memorial Trust | 1990 | ISBN: 0906094275 | 1000 pages | PDF | English

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/Mathnawi-Jalaluddin-Rumi-3-Set/dp/0906094275



Description:

A three volume set of Nicholson's translation of Rumi's famous poem on Islamic mysticism.



Reviews:

Rumi's 13th century classic of Sufi spirituality

Jalaluddin Rumi, b. 1205 in Balkh, now Turkestan, d. 1273 was founder of the Mevlevi order of Sufi Dervishes. He was known among followers as "Mevlana" or "Our Master". The Mathnawi, "Song of the Reed" is often referred to as the Koran in Persian, and ranks among the classics of world spiritual literature. 

A series of 3 volumes, the Mathnawi is an ingenious series of allegories, fables, parables and tales, often no more than a page or two in length. The sprawling scope of the subjects covered include everything from accounts of the famous saints of Islam, Christianity and Judaism; told in symbolic and allegorical form to deeply mystical interpretations of life and a renewed call to faith. The quality of the writing is best described as ecstatic prose verse. They are rich with detail about the cultural life of the period.

Rumi dictated the 3 volume series to a scribe, after the loss of his closest friend, guide and spiritual companion, Shams of Tabriz. 

Shams was a wandering mystic of astonishing accomplishment who came upon Rumi in his mature middle years and through their relationship, helped carry Rumi into further phases of his development. Their bond was so close, it aroused suspicion and finally jealousy among Rumi's followers, who plotted against Shams and eventually had him killed.

Rumi was inconsolable. According to the tales, the famous turning of the Whirling Dervishes was invented as a form of meditation and praise to God after the wrenching loss of his spiritual companion.

The richly layered stories of the Mathnawi will prove inspirational for the spiritually-inclined of any faith, as well as students of comparative religion, and those open to inner adventures describing the mystical travels of one of the world's greatest, and most literate saints.

-

Potiential readers should be aware that this is the diffinative English translation of this spiritual classic. It is sometimes referenced by native Farsi speakers because of it's accuracy. However, it is difficult to read. Know that the work required to read this translation will be well rewarded for anyone with a heart.

-

This is the translation you need to buy.

Forget all the 'new translations' 'new interpretations' blah blah blah they are nothing of the kind, they are all just re-writes of this classic. Save yourself the money and the time reading books by people making money off the backs of scholars who given years to produce this masterpiece and buy this. 

Nicholson based this translation on manuscripts in Konya at the Mevlevihane during the early part of the last century. It must have been particularly hard during those troubled years in Turkey. He studied the commentary of the great Mevlevi Sheikh Ankarawi and the 2 volume notes and commentary (sold separately) are actually translations of that Sheikhs works. 

Modern day Sheikhs have said openly that this is one of the best interpretations of Rumis works around today. Sefik Can one of the last great scholars of the Mathnawi who continued the commentary Tahir ul Mevlevi the Turkish commentary on the Mathnawi praised Nicholsons translation so that should give you some idea of the quality of this book. 

You may wish to also look for the Discourses of Rumi also by Nicholson and the works of his student A J Arberry. Of modern scholars only Schimmel has come close with her excellent work 'I am wind and you are fire' and Chitticks translation of chapters of the Mathnawi (Chittick is a scholar in Persian, Schimmel is multi lingual) Save yourself the time and money, avoid the thousands of other books on Rumi and buy this one.