Title: A Child in the Crowd
Year: 1976
Original title: Un enfant dans la foule
Runtime: 1 hour, 21 minutes
Country: France
Language: French
Subtitles: English (.srt), Português (.rar)
Genre: Drama

Director: Gérard Blain


Sinopse:7 year old Paul studies in a church run boarding school and visits his home every weekend. For some weird reason he feels that no one at home wants him (including mother, father and elder sister). Soon there are issues between the couple and they split. Paul is no longer in boarding school but school was never his thing. He tries but he just does not like to study. He wanders on the street and like to meet strange men looking for love and acceptance. He does this menial jobs for German soldiers in Paris and make some money out of it. He meets a school friend, they share a bond. Paul steals for him because he is finally getting love from someone but it doesn't last long because the boy being Jewish is deported. He then meets several grown up married men. They help him with some money and food which he graciously accepts. None of them uses him. But they all ultimately have to go back to their respective families, once the war is over leaving him all alone longing for love. The film ends when he is all dressed up as a 13 and a half year old boy going out looking for work to help is family.

This film is a classic example of how subtle you can show things in a movie. Is the boy gay or does he have affairs with men because he can provide his family with food? It's impossible to answer in that context. Paul's need for love is so intense he's looking for someone all along the movie. And this is because we see as a child he so strongly years for his mother's love but get complete ignorance on her part. There is no hint at homosexuality, all is suggested with an incredible sense of decency.

A acção tem lugar em 1944. Indesejáveis por sua família, abandonado pelo pai e deslocados pela Segunda Guerra Mundial, Paul (Chaveau Cesar / Jean François Cimino) é um cara à procura de amor e atenção que não está em casa. Em busca de calor humano, ele descobre, com a guerra no fundo, que pode capturar a atenção de alguns homens que lhe dar um amor sensual, mas sempre sorrateira. 

Cast / Elenco:
Jean François Cimino ... Paul, enfant
César Chauveau ... Paul, adolescent
Annie Kovaks ... La mère de Paul
Cécile Cousseau ... Micheline, enfant
Claude Treille ... Micheline, adolescente
Jean Bertal ... Le père de Paul
Gabrielle Sassoum ... La grand-mère
Raymonde Badé-Mauffroy ... La maîtresse
Jacques Benoît-Lévy ... Directeur école
Claude Cernay ... Gilles
Jurgens Doeres ... Laurent
Bernard Soufflet ... Jacques  

Video Format: AVI/MPEG-4 Visual
Video Bitrate: 2349 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Resolution: 720 x 416
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.209
Audio Format: MPEG Audio
Audio Bitrate: 160 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz
Size: 1.34 GB
