These movies were compiled by total sci-fi online, I agree with this list for the most part. And if you must experience these movies do so in the theater or buy them. They Are a Must have in any movie collection. And if the RIAA or any organization or UNION wants a piece tough, I got nothin.

Language info. English for the most part. or shall I say Native languages for the most part. there are a few russian films and one french one,and a few japanese but Sub titles are included if not embeded.

76) Starship Troopers (1997)
Bug-busting thrills from Paul Verhoeven, in his third film in our list. This one’s a very loose take on Robert A Heinlein’s novel about marines fighting an alien menace, and it can be taken both as an anti-Fascist anti-militarism satire or an exciting, gung-ho alien war movie.

77) A Scanner Darkly (2006)
Reality bites in this appropriately wigged-out adaptation of the Philip K Dick novel. Richard Linklater applied the rotoscoping technique he’d used in Waking Life, and it proved to be the perfect marriage of style and content.

78) The Quiet Earth (1985)
This atmospheric New Zealand sci-fi drama, based on Craig Harrison’s novel, centres around two men and one woman who find that they’re seemingly the only ones left on the planet. A cult gem, this is one that deserves to be better known.

79) Invaders From Mars (1953)
They’re invaders. They’re from Mars. They’re invaders from Mars! A paranoid flying saucer chiller with cool (if not very convincing) tentacled Martians, an alien sandpit, an unsettling score and an endearing kiddie hero. Remade by Tobe Hooper in 1986.

80) Fantastic Voyage (1966)

A medical team are shrunk and injected into a dying scientist’s body… The science is possibly suspect, but as concepts go it’s unbeatable. It was so good, in fact, that it was reused in the amiable 1987 comedy Innerspace.

81) Barbarella (1968)
Hard sci-fi this is not. But as kitsch retro fun it’s peerless, with Jane Fonda at her sexiest as the poster-friendly heroine and some wonderfully OTT set design. The iconic title sequence, in which Barbarella loses her clothes in zero gravity, has been much parodied, including in Kylie Minogue’s video for ‘Put Yourself in My Place'.

82) Fahrenheit 451 (1966)
Many critics at the time were unimpressed at Francois Truffaut’s step into English language mainstream moviemaking, but this stands up as an involving and faithful adaptation of Ray Bradbury’s novel about a book-burning future.

83) Twelve Monkeys (1995)
Terry Gilliam cuts back on his trademark Pythoneseque humour for a gripping reworking of La Jetée (see No. 29). A smart, off-kilter (and, unusually for Gilliam, commercially successful) genre picture that features an intense performance from Bruce Willis as mankind’s last hope.

84) Event Horizon (1997)
Event Horizon was mostly ignored on its original theatrical release but has since become a cult hit on DVD. Billed as ‘The Shining in space’, it’s got some silly dialogue but is packed with wonderfully scary moments.

85) Independence Day (1996)


Yes, yes, so it’s brash, jingoistic and about as subtle as a spade to the face. But the box office success of Independence Day led to the resurgence of the big sci-fi event movie, and it’s imbued with the spirit of a fun 50s B-movie on a modern Hollywood budget.

86) Altered States (1980)
Ken Russell’s offbeat approach to filmmaking always seemed suited to sci-fi, and they came together in this 1980 curio, based on Paddy Chayefsky’s novel. A scientist (William Hurt) experiments with psychotropic drugs and sensory deprivation, resulting in him changing into different evolutionary states. Trippy and truly bonkers.

87) The Stepford Wives (1975)
Ira Levin’s novels were the source for some movie classics (Rosemary’s Baby, The Boys From Brazil, er, Sliver), and one of the best was this satirical SF thriller about a town populated by submissive and strangely perfect women. It goes without saying that the 2004 remake should be avoided.

88) Serenity (2005)
Despite being much-loved by fans, Firefly was cut short after just 14 episodes (only 11 of which originally aired), so Joss Whedon had another go in the form of a movie. The extra budget (though small in comparison to other Hollywood pics) meant even better special effects, and Whedon’s ability to create endearing characters and witty, snappy dialogue is second to none.

89) Dune (1984)
It’s reviled by many fans of Frank Herbert’s novel, and even director David Lynch doesn’t like it very much. Yet, Dune is a grand, awe-inspiring and truly unique movie – exactly the kind of wonderful mess you’d expect if you asked a man like Lynch to create the next Star Wars.

90) Primer (2004)

See kids, maths can be fun! This micro-budget oddity centres on a couple of engineers who create a time machine quite by chance. The complex (and, to most, unfathomable) scientific chit-chat makes this the very antithesis of ‘soft sci-fi’, but it’s a smart attempt to treat the time travel sub-genre in a realistic manner.

91) Explorers (1985)
Joe Dante’s family-orientated adventure still hasn’t quite received the recognition it deserves. For the most part it’s the amusing and honest tale of three kids who build a rocket to outer space. The final half an hour, when they arrive on a spaceship and meet a couple of aliens, is a joy to watch.

92) THX 1138 (1971)
Before Star Wars, George Lucas created a very different kind of SF film with this dystopian story that’s heavily influenced by Nineteen Eighty-Four. The narrative may not be entirely original but the visuals are, and the film has an unsettling atmosphere and a memorable ending.

93) Star Trek (2009)
J.J. Abrams pulled off the not inconsiderable challenge of making Star Trek popular again – even cool – in a film that manages to appeal to Trekkers and newbies alike. Thrilling action sequences, charming performances, sex appeal and unobtrusive in-jokes.

94) Flash Gordon (1980)
Mike Hodges’ take on pulp space hero Flash Gordon is a stunning visual ride, packed with rich detail and surprises. Perfect casting (especially Brian Blessed as Prince Vultan), a bombastic Queen soundtrack, gaudy costumes and a campy sense of humour – what more could you want?

95) Galaxy Quest (1999)


If Spaceballs was likeable but obvious, Galaxy Quest is a much smarter breed of SF spoof. The film gently sends up Star Trek while retaining an affection for the source material, and features a lovably dopey crew and the brilliantly optimistic aliens, the Thermians.

96) Cocoon (1985)
A life-affirming movie in more ways than one. Cocoon was a rare genre picture to feature interesting, non-stereotypical elderly characters (played by veterans Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, Hume Croyn, Jessica Tandy), along with Tahnee Welch at her sexiest and Steve Guttenberg at his least annoying, and the film manages to be affectionate without descending too far into sentimentality.

97) Stargate (1994)
The movie that sparked off 10 years of SG-1, 5 seasons of Atlantis and the upcoming Stargate: Universe, Roland Emmerich’s movie scores due to a simple but clever concept and inventive effects. Like Emmerich’s later Independence Day, it’s corny at times, but it adds to the ‘B-movie with a budget’ charm.

98) Predator (1987)
A sci-fi spin on the slasher template, this sees an alien hunter stalk a bunch of commandos in the Central American jungle. But the extra-terrestrial menace doesn’t bank on dealing with the Austrian Oak… One of Arnie’s best 80s actioners, this is exciting stuff, tightly directed by John McTiernan. Plus you get some fine Arnie quips (“Knock knock!”) and the chance to have fun trying to spot Carl Weathers’ real arm tied behind his back as it’s blasted off.

99) Trancers (1985)
Producer/director Charles Band has been responsible for hundreds of low budget SF, horror and fantasy movies, and this popular Terminator-influenced thriller is probably his best work. Future cop Jack Deth (the amiably grizzly Tim Thomerson) is sent back in time to track down a baddie who can turn peeps into zombies. Five sequels so far.

100) Rollerball (1975)

Who knew rollerskating could be so brutal? In the near future, the titular sport involves whacking a ball into your contestant’s goal by any means necessary. A classic anti-authoritarian anti-corporation narrative married to crunching Rollerball game sequences. The 2002 remake is virtually unwatchable.


Enjoy and Seed!!