Planet Of The Abts

Planet of The Abts [320k MP3]

    Planet Part 1
    Dressed Up Looking Fine
    Anything You Want It To Be
    Off The Hook
    Deep Into Self
    Circus
    Planet Part 2
    Trying To Be Myself

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

With over 1.5 million downloads, the Grammy nominated rock band Gov’t Mule is legendary, and now two of its members have formed a new venture: POA. Each player highly accredited in his own right, POA combines three powerful and extraordinary musicians: Gov’t Mule’s renowned drummer Matt Abts, bassist Jorgen Carlsson, also of Gov’t Mule, and guitarist/keyboardist/vocalist T-Bone Andersson. In June 2011, POA performed their much anticipated début show in Los Angeles and released an advance copy, limited edition CD recorded by acclaimed British engineer Steve Holroyd.

Matt Abts began his career in Panama. He moved to the USA and performed with numerous musicians including Dickey Betts and Chuck Leavell, The Allman Brothers and Blue Floyd. In 1994 he joined Warren Haynes and Allen Woody (of The Allman Brothers) to form Gov’t Mule. To date, Abts has worked with many of the highest caliber of musicians, including 26 of the world’s most respected bassists, each featured on Gov’t Mule’s albums “The Deep End” Volume 1 and 2. Abts’ exceptional talent, stunning solos and legendary performances have earned him a reputation as one of the most talented drummers in the world, and he has received numerous drummer awards including a 2003 Grammy nomination for Sco-Mule, and two #1 Drummer Awards from “Drum! Magazine”.

Swedish musician Jorgen Carlsson relocated to Los Angeles in the early 90’s and was soon established as a highly sought-after session musician and performer. His innovative and unique style enabled him to fill the role that bassist Allen Woody had played in Gov’t Mule before his passing, and in 2008, he became an official member of Gov’t Mule. Carlsson’s spontaneous collaborations in the studio inspired Gov’t Mule’s first studio album in over three years. Carlsson and Steve Holroyd co-own and operate Roger’s Boat Studios, where the entire POA CD was recorded analog on a Studer 820.

Guitarist/keyboardist/vocalist T-Bone Andersson was born and raised in Sweden. After touring extensively in Europe, T-Bone moved to the USA. He continued touring in America and has performed with various artists, and as a guest performer with Gov’t Mule. T-Bone also performed the guitar work on the computer/video game “Quake III Arena”, which has sold over ten million units. T-Bone met Carlsson in the 90’s and they worked together frequently before joining forces in POA.

Steve Holroyd has worked with musical icons from every genre. He began his engineering career at the legendary Marquee Studios in London working with artists such as Elton John and producer Gus Dudgeon. After relocating to Los Angeles, Holroyd spent nine years as an engineer at Ocean Way Recording, “the world’s most awarded studio complex”, after which he was Director of Operations and chief engineer at Cello Studios. His engineering credits are extensive, including several collaborations with legendary producer Glyn Johns.