 http://img148.imageshack.us/img148/3175/whyteamswin.jpg




Why Teams Win: 9 Keys to Success In Business, Sport and Beyond


Jossey-Bass 
DR. SAUL L. MILLER
2009 
ISBN: 0470160438 
256 pages 
PDF  
English 
11.2 MB



A leading sports psychologist reveals the 9 keys to winning, no matter what kind of team you're on-in business, sports, or life.
PRAISE FOR WHY TEAMS WIN "Bursting with ideas, suggestions and great stories that the sports fan will love and the business person can use to create their own future. Dr. Miller's 'Nine Qualities' are bang on". - Gordon Huston, President & Chief Officer and Envision Member, Envision Credit Union "Saul Miller has for over 30 years made contributions to the success of teams, businesses, and athletes. Saul has used tried-and-true methods and introduced cutting-edge ways to help improve performance.

Once again Saul has nailed it, sharing his knowledge and experience in Why Teams Win. This book will be part of my own preparations to get the best from teams that I coach." - Pat Quinn, Long-time Professional NNHL and International Hockey Executive, Coach, and Manager "Having worked closely with professional basketball coaches for over 25 years, I understand what goes into 'winning teams.' Dr. Miller gets right to the essence of winning in a clear and easy-to-follow manner. It is a must read for anyone working for a 'W' for the team." - Michael H. Goldberg, Executive Director, MBA Coaches Association "Miller understands team behavior. In Why Teams Win he explains the real factors to team success. The book is a practical, clear, and concise guide to winning." - Davey Johnson, Baseball Star, World Series Winning Manager, AL Manager of the Year, Team USA Olympic and World Baseball Classic Manager "The Detroit Red Wings Hockey Club uses many, many of Dr. Saul Miller's 9 Keys to Success in his terrific book Why Teams Win. Your company can win too by using these time-tested principles. I recommend it to those who want to build a sustainable, first-class company." - Jim Devellano, Senior VP Detriot Red Wings (NHL) and Detriot Tigers (MLB).......

