 http://bayimg.com/nALaAaAda

Ladron que roba a ladron (2007) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0859760/

Spanish language with English subtitles.

Channeling the lighthearted style of films like Ocean's Eleven, The Sting, and Catch Me If You Can, director Joe Menendez and writer/actor JoJo Henrickson's Ladron Que Roba A Ladron (English title, "To Rob A Thief") is a satisfying heist film with a good sense of humor. Set against the background of Latino immigrants working low-wage jobs in and around L.A., it uses their plight as a plot device rather than as a political statement. Though the filmmakers' goal was to satisfy a Latino audience, the end result is an American-made Spanish language movie with universal appeal.

Professional thieves Emilio (Miguel Varoni, My Name is Earl) and Alejandro (Fernando Colunga, Amor Real) are planning to rob the worst thief they know—infomercial mogul Moctesuma Valdez (Saúl Lisazo, Tierra de Pasiones), who has conned countless poor Latinos into buying his so-called "miracle" products. Unfortunately, the associates Emilio had counted on helping are unavailable, so Alejandro has gathered a team of novices to take their place. Since the plan relies on its members playing the parts of low-wage immigrants, Alejandro's group is composed of actual immigrants, each with a special skill. With only two weeks to train the green recruits to carry out a complicated plan, can Emilio pull off the most important heist of his career?

Ladron Que Roba A Ladron is a fun and flashy movie that takes a lot of its cues from big budget Hollywood flicks. That said, the joy of the film is its reimagining of those movies for a Latin American audience. Latinos often get short shrift when it comes to movies. It's about time someone made an American film for Americans who speak something other than English.

The filmmakers have fun twisting Latino stereotypes to their advantage by having the big plan revolve around the invisibility inherent in the kinds of low-wage work immigrants usually get. Emilio recognizes the fact that gardeners, valets, and maids often have access to secure locations that more valued employees do not. In one scene, for example, two characters posing as janitors are able to break in and escape from a millionaire's office because the security guard who catches them assumes they're just too stupid to understand they shouldn't be there. It's such a simple and refreshing idea, I can't believe no one's thought of it before. Why go for the high-tech face matching of Mission: Impossible when you can just grab a broom and get to work?

The cast is composed primarily of famous Latino (mostly telenovela) actors, who thankfully stay far away from the "passionate" overacting usually associated with Spanish television. As the brothers behind the heist, Varoni and Colunga anchor the plot with handsome confidence. Varoni's Emilio plays the straight man whose desire for revenge gives the often comedic plot necessary weight. His younger brother Alejandro, meanwhile, bridges the world of professional theft and the ragtag team he's assembled: There's the wheelman and mechanic father-daughter team of Rafa (Ruben Garfias, License to Wed) and Rafaela (Ivonne Montero, Decisiones); Miguelito (Oscar Torres, Cane), the Cuban refugee method actor who's tasked with starting a strike; Anibal (Gabriel Soto, La Verdad Oculta), the beefy hole-digger; and Julio (writer JoJo Henrickson, Stump the Band), the requisite tech genius. On the other side, Saúl Lisazo is the perfect villain, matching Emilio step-for-step in the film's chess match finale. Though most of the actors were new to me, it was nice to see Julie Gonzalo (who fans of Veronica Mars will recognize as Parker from the series' final season) as Gloria, the nanny Alejandro uses to gain access to the Valdez estate.

Visually, the movie is a nice mix of Hollywood polish and indie film aesthetic. Handheld camerawork gives the story energy, as does quick-paced editing and some clever transition shots.
