- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--Registration will open on june every weekend--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-
                                                                   
                                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                      
                  connecting you to the world                          
                                                                        
                                                    
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                                
                                                      
                                                             
                                                             
                                                                 
                                                                
                                                                 
                                                                           
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                               
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                               
                                                         
                                                           
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                         
                                         
                                    
                                            	
                                                
                                  
                                          
                                          
                                            

                              GENRE: Documentary
                           LANGUAGE: English
                          SUBTiTLES: None
                           DURATION: 01:23:28.768
                         RESOLUTiON: 1280x720
                        ViDEO CODEC: x264
                          FRAMERATE: 29.970 fps
                      ViDEO BiTRATE: 3363 Kbps
                       AUDIiO CODEC: AC3
                      AUDIO BiTRATE: 384 Kbps
     SUMMARY:
              The Battle of the Little Big Horn is one of the most
              iconic events in American history. It is an amazing
              story, but until now it has never been fully told.
              Many questions still remain but one question remains
              above all the others, did any of Custer's soldiers
              survive? New evidence will prove that a soldier named
              August Finkle was the lone survivor of "Custer's Last
              Stand, " a battle that is practically synonymous with
              "no survivors. " Forensics on the man's skeleton and
              his two gunshot wounds will definitely show that the
              story he reluctantly told the world nearly 50 years
              after the battle was true. He alone survived, and his
              tale of what actually went on in the battle will
              revise our interpretation of the events of the day.
              This special will also reveal the amazing story of
              seven others who very nearly survived--who rode for
              miles away from the carnage only to succumb to their
              own fear and turn their weapons on themselves.
     NOTES:
              Hybrid 24 and 30. Encoded at 30fps to minimize
              jerkiness. We also decided not to blend the film
              parts.


						        GREETS:
                    - FQM - CTU - REVEiLLE - XOXO -