E X T R A O R D i N A R Y   r E V E R S E   E N G i N E E R i N G   S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0!SiLK

Reaching for
perfection...

Release Information

-Release Name    : Angry Birds Seasons
-Release Version : v1.5.1
-Release Group   : ErES
-Supplier        : Contact
-Release Type    : Cracked
-Operating System: Windows
-Release Date    : 21/08/11
-Filename        : as151
-Disk(s)         : 06 disk(s)

Release Description

The idea behind Angry Birds Seasons--Rovio's follow-up to the
massively popular Angry Birds game--is to introduce new
levels for different seasons and holidays. Although you won't
find any new birds to shoot, each theme brings new obstacles
and nicely designed landscapes through which to fling your
feathered fliers.

Installation Instructions

Install
Copy cracked exe to install directory
Register with any key
Have fun!

If you like this game, buy it! :)

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over two and a half
years since ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've
produced many quality releases because of our attitude not only as a
group -- but as individuals; each member of the group has shown
respect and friendship and in return offers loyalty that could only be
found when part of a tight-knit family. We are not a release
machine and never intend to be. We have a relaxed, yet hard-working
attitude towards producing releases and you can see this through all
of our current (and future) releases.

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems;
Skilled coders;
Quality suppliers;
Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with;
Anything else you think we might like!

e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0!SiLK    updated:............16.04.2010