
Cubanismo! is a rollicking, entertaining collection of Cuban-inspired jazz recorded with pianist Alfredo Rodriguez and a host of Havana musicians. Jesus Alemany sounds vigorous throughout the album, spurring his team of supporting musicians to great performances.
It's an album that emphasizes the Latin rhythms of Latin jazz, not the jazz and it is all the stronger for it. (AMG)



Cubanismo is one of the finest Cuban dance bands working today.
They are absolutely incredible live and, although this isn't a live recording, it does capture some of the pure fire and swing of catching Jesus Alemany and his crew in a live setting.
Unlike the dynamic Cuban salsa and timba bands of today, Cubanismo plays more traditional Cuban dance rhythms, such as son montuno, changui, pilon, and mambo, but with a modern descarga (jam session) feel and jazz elements mixed in.
The first three Cubanismo albums are all FANTASTIC, but, in my opinion, this is the best of the three because of the pure swing and incredible musicianship.
Alemany is one of the finest trumpet players anywhere, and he surrounds himself here with the likes of Tata Guines, Miguel "Anga" Diaz, Alfredo Rodriguez, Orlando "Maraca" Valle, Yosvanny Terry, Carlitos Del Puerto, and many other great musicians. It is a band that is hard to top. The arrangements are loose and the playing is intense, allowing the musicians to stretch out. Like the New York Times review so aptly states, it was a session in which the music really does equal "the intensity of music performed in a club."
This is Cuban dance music at it's intense and dynamic best!!!
I recommend this, as well as Malembe and Reencarnacion to anyone who wants to experience just how explosive Cuban music can be. (Customer from Amazon)

 
http://img522.imageshack.us/img522/6724/frontro.jpg


01 - Descarga De Hoy   (6:19)
02 - Meta Y Guaguanco   (4:26)
03 - Tumbao De Coqueta   (4:46)
04 - Aprovecha   (4:49)
05 - Pa'que Gozen   (5:34)
06 - Ni Pa'ca Ni Pa'lla   (5:15)
07 - Homanaje A Arcano   (5:29)
08 - La Rumba Y El Tumbador   (4:27)
09 - Cicuta Tibia   (4:15)
10 - Ahora Me Voy   (4:43)




Personnel: 
Jesus Alemany (trumpet); Jorge Luis Rojas "Rojitas" (vocals); Efraim Rios (tres, background vocals); Orlando Valle "Maracas" (flute); Yosvany Terry Cabrera (alto saxophone); Leonardo Castellini "Nardy" (tenor saxophone); Javier Salvas (baritone saxophone); Luis Alemany, Luis Alemany, Jr. (trumpet); Carlos Alvarez (trombone); Alfredo Rodriguez (piano); Carlos Puerto, Jr. (bass); Tata Guines (quinto, conga, bongo, guiro); Emilio Del Monte (timbale); Julian Oviedo (bongo); Carlos Godines (bongo, guiro, claves); Miguel Aurelio Diaz "Anga" (timbale, conga, bongo); Luis Varzaga (background vocals).


Arranger: Jesus Alemany.
Recording information: EGREM Studios, Havana, Cuba (05/1995).


Label: Hannibal / Rykodisc
Released: Feb 27, 1996
Catalogue: HNCD 1390




Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share
