Linda Pettersson was born in 1972 on Alnön, a small island off the east coast of Sweden near the town of Sundsvall, which is situated about 400 kilometres north of Stockholm. She grew up in a very musical environment, with her parents, sister and brother all actively involved with singing (particularly in choirs) and playing various instruments.

During her time at school she played the flute for eight years but later between 1991 and 1993 her attention was focused more on the vocal aspects of music and she spent some time taking classical singing lessons. However she found herself with a growing interest for jazz and during this time she also gained valuable experience singing with Storsjö Kapell, a jazz-oriented ensemble connected to the provincial music organisation in the area of Ostersund.

She came to Stockholm about two years later and began appearing professionally in many different musical situations. As a freelance artist she gradually became more and more in demand and began performing with some of Sweden's most outstanding big bands, such as Sandviken Big Band, Mikael Råberg's Big Band, Norrbotten Big Band, Bohuslän Big Band, and the Swedish Radio Jazz Group Nouveau. She also led her own small group from time to time and made a memorable television feature programme from the famous jazz venue Nalen in which she sang with a quartet of prominent young jazz musicians.

Her tastes in music are very wide and she has taken part in productions covering a variety of styles and genres all of which she interprets very convincingly. Many outstanding Swedish and international musicians have discovered her vocal talents and she has worked together with Charlie Norman, Putte Wickman, Georg Riedel and the late Peter Gullin as well as Toots Thielemans and Kenny Wheeler to name just some. At a concert in honour of Alice Babs, Linda sang and was received with praise and admiration by the recipient herself who forecasted a bright future for her.

- - -

Many have eagerly awaited the release of the first solo CD by singer Linda Pettersson. Touche music have great pleasure in presenting her now in the solo spotlight. Supporting her is a group of four outstanding musicians: Ulf Adåker, trumpet; Anders Persson, piano, Christian Spering, bass and Jonas Holgersson, drums.

As though in response to the album's title Who are you, Linda has recorded a wide-ranging repertoire to give a broad picture of the many sides of her vocal talent. Not only classic songs from the American songbook such as Skylark and The Folks Who Live On The Hill are included here, but also compositions from the pens of Kenny Wheeler, Joni Mitchell, Toninho Horta and even Jimi Hendrix and U2! All the songs are given very personal interpretations by Linda Pettersson.
(touchemusic.se)

- - -

Linda Pettersson - Who are you  2004
(Stockholm Touche Music)

 1. Who are you? 
 2. Detour ahead. 
 3. The ballad of the sad young men. 
 4. In your eyes. 
 5. Skylark. 
 6. All I want. 
 7. The folks who live on the hill. 
 8. From ton to Tom. 
 9. Up from the skies. 
10. Winter sweet. 
11. I still haven't found what I'm looking for


Linda Pettersson, vocals
Ulf Adåker, trumpet 
Anders Persson, piano 
Christian Spering, bas 
Jonas Holgersson, trummor
