Depending on where you find it Live:Era can run you a pretty penny. Well it is worth the price of admission. As the title suggest it takes performances from all around the globe from 1987 through 1993 when the band was on their Lose Your Illusions tour. 

Slash, Izzy, and on a few tracks Gilby Clark play some killer guitar. Extended solos in some places and some all around impressive work always. Duff holds is own with Steven Adler and sometimes Matt Sorum. Axl's voice sounds pretty good through out and his interaction with the crowds is wonderful. 

'Welcome To The Jungle' is done fantastic. The intro is classic. 'Dust N' Bones' kicks; Izzy dominates here. The fact that they didn't leave of tracks from Lies is great as it is truly the bands best work. 'Patience' is chilling because the crowd almost over powers Rose. 'Used To Love Her' is as ruthless as always. 'Move To The City' is phenomenal. 'Rocket Queen' blows away the studio version as does 'Paradise City.' 'Estranged' could have been better but they all hated each other by then so that's alright. 

What really makes this worth owning is Axl's cover of Black Sabbaths 'Its Alright.' Absolutely stunning. Short, sweet, and brilliant. Take a listen and see what I mean because this has to be heard to appreciate. 

Live: Era is essential for the true GNR fan. Yeah there may be a better version of 'You Could Be Mine' but who has the time to find it on their own? 

by Morton

TRACKLIST:
Disc 1:
01 - Nightrain.wma                                          
02 - Mr. Brownstone.wma                                     
03 - It's So Easy.wma                                       
04 - Welcome To The Jungle.wma                              
05 - Dust N' Bones.wma                                      
06 - My Michelle.wma                                        
07 - You're Crazy.wma                                       
08 - Used To Love Her.wma                                   
09 - Patience.wma                                           
10 - It's Alright.wma                                       
11 - November Rain.wma     

Disc 2:
01 - Out Ta Get Me.wma                                      
02 - Pretty Tied Up.wma                                     
03 - Yesterdays.wma                                         
04 - Move To The City.wma                                   
05 - You Could Be Mine.wma                                  
06 - Rocket Queen.wma                                       
07 - Sweet Child O' Mine.wma                                
08 - Knockin' On Heaven's Door.wma                          
09 - Don't Cry.wma                                          
10 - Estranged.wma                                          
11 - Paradise City.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO		