S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
From Dust (c) Ubisoft

19-08-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Ubisoft DRM
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

A Modern God-Game where Nature is the Star

From Dust is the latest original game concept by Eric Chahi, creator of
the cult classic, "Another World / Out of this World".

Immerse yourself in a world as exotically beautiful as it is dangerous
You control the destiny of a primitive tribe against the backdrop of a
world in constant evolutiona universe where mighty Nature reclaims
what is hers and your mastery of the elements is your people's only
chance of survival...

Features:

Ground-Breaking Technology

Play in the sandbox of one of the most advanced real-time nature
simulations, where everything you see and interact with evolves
dynamically, offering a constantly renewed experience.

Unique Art Direction

Discover a large variety of environments: Tropical islands, volcanic
landscapes, deserts and so much more.

Rich Story Mode.

Explore 13 breathtaking territories of emergent gameplay. Master the
natural forces at play on a mysterious archipelago and help a
primitive tribe to recover the lost powers of their ancestors.

Confront Mighty Nature

Protect your tribe against Nature's most devastating attacks. Face
down tsunamis, wildfires, earthquakes, volcanoes, torrential rains
Master Godlike Powers

Control the forces of nature to sculpt the world in your image. Hold
back lava, stop raging waters, empty lakes, grow forests and raise
mountains

Live Up to the Challenge

Race against the clock on 30 additional maps in Challenge Mode. Each
scenario is a puzzle-like challenge where time is of the essence.

Online leaderboards

Compare your Challenge Mode scores with the community on worldwide
leaderboards.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix irokos
titan artdivision


From.Dust.Offline.Fix-SKIDROW

S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
From Dust Offline Fix

20-08-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Ubisoft DRM
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)....................FIX

RELEASE NOTES

As requested by a few sceners, here you have a 100% OFFLINE enabled fix
for our release last night.

Do i need it?

Not if you're internet connection is always turned on anyway, as most
people's connections are today.

Then why release it?

To prove a point, that our crack isn't connecting to anything Ubisoft
releated when using our crack.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Copy/extract and replace everything from the included rar file into
the main installation folder of the game
3. Start game from the FromDust.exe
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups