Product Description

Now in the 4th edition, Cracking the Coding Interview gives you the interview preparation you need to get the top software developer jobs. This book provides:



* 150 Programming Interview Questions and Solutions: From binary trees to binary search, this list of 150 questions includes the most common and most useful questions in data structures, algorithms, and knowledge based questions.



* Ten Mistakes Candidates Make -- And How to Avoid Them: Don\\\'t lose your dream job by making these common mistakes. Learn what many candidates do wrong, and how to avoid these issues.



* Steps to Prepare for Behavioral and Technical Questions: Stop meandering through an endless set of questions, while missing some of the most important preparation techniques. Follow these steps to more thoroughly prepare in less time.



* Interview War Stories: A View from the Interviewer\\\'s Side: Humorous but instructive stories from our interviewers show you how some candidates really flopped on the most important question - and how you can avoid doing the same. 

About the Author

Gayle Laakmann’s interviewing expertise comes from vast experience on both sides of the desk. She has completed Software Engineering interviews with - and received offers from - Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Apple, IBM, Goldman Sachs, Capital IQ, and a number of other firms.



Of these top companies, she has worked for Microsoft, Apple and Google, where she gained deep insight into each company’s hiring practices. 



Most recently, Gayle spent three years at Google as a Software Engineer and was one of the company’s lead interviewers. She interviewed over 120 candidates in the U.S. and abroad, and led much of the recruiting for her alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania.



Additionally, she served on Google’s Hiring Committee, where she reviewed each candidate’s feedback and made hire / no-hire decisions.



She assessed over 700 candidates in that role, and evaluated hundreds more resumes.



In 2005, Gayle founded CareerCup.com to bring her wealth of experience to candidates around the world. Launched first as a free forum for interview questions, CareerCup now offers a book, a video and mock interviews.



Gayle holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. 

Product Details

Paperback: 310 pages

Publisher: CreateSpace; 4 edition (October 15, 2008)

Language: English

ISBN-10: 145157827X

ISBN-13: 978-1451578270