Exploring the ramifications of the U.S. Constitution's 14th Amendment, which gives equal rights to all people, this program offers insight from historical and legal experts and covers numerous related Supreme Court cases. Ranging from 1873 to 1973, the cases include Brown v. Board of Education, Plessy v. Ferguson, Roe v. Wade, Shelley v. Kraemer, Strauder v. West Virginia, Missouri ex rel. Gaines v. Canada and more.



Product Details
Directors: Monte Babington
Format: Closed-captioned, Color, DVD, NTSC
Language: English
Region: Region 1 (U.S. and Canada only. Read more about DVD formats.)
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1
Number of discs: 1
Rated: G (General Audience)
Studio: Jumby Bay Studios
DVD Release Date: December 1, 2003
 
http://bayimg.com/nAkCnaadA

Editorial Reviews
Cases in Controversy is the uplifting story of the 14th amendment, which led the Supreme Court to proclaim that "Separate but Equal" is inherently unequal.
Using the actual Supreme Court decisions, interviews with legal educators and professionals, and historical reenactments, Cases in Controversy examines the cases that shaped the 14th Amendment.

Cases in Controversy includes in-depth analysis and insight from a variety of legal and history experts. Cases in Controversy provides students with a solid foundation and understanding of the legal challenges and hurdles facing the United States after the Civil War.

Highlights 14 cases from 1873 to 1973 include: Brown v. Board, Plessy v. Ferguson, Roe v. Wade, Shelly v. Kraemer, Strauder v. West Virginia, Missour v. Canada, and more.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteenth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution

The Fourteenth Amendment (Amendment XIV) to the United States Constitution was adopted on July 9, 1868, as one of the Reconstruction Amendments.

Its Citizenship Clause provides a broad definition of citizenship that overruled the Dred Scott v. Sandford ruling by the Supreme Court (1857) that held that blacks could not be citizens of the United States.[1]

Its Due Process Clause prohibits state and local governments from depriving persons of life, liberty, or property without certain steps being taken to ensure fairness. This clause has been used to make most of the Bill of Rights applicable to the states, as well as to recognize substantive and procedural rights.

Its Equal Protection Clause requires each state to provide equal protection under the law to all people within its jurisdiction. This clause was the basis for Brown v. Board of Education (1954), the Supreme Court decision which precipitated the dismantling of racial segregation in the United States. In Reed v. Reed (1971), the Supreme Court for the first time ruled that laws arbitrarily requiring sex discrimination violated the Equal Protection Clause.

The amendment also includes a number of clauses dealing with the Confederacy and its officials.