
This 18-track compilation contains Temptations B-sides, non-hit cuts and obscure sides recorded from 1963-1974.
It includes such sumptuous ballads as "What Love Has Joined Together" and "Gonna Keep On Trying Till I Win Your Love," plus uptempo wailers and an occasional dud ( "Stop The War Now" ). The early tracks show the group evolving from its doo-wop roots into soul's premier group.
While the cuts on this disc aren't the ones that made The Temptations popular music institutions, they're still a vital part of their legacy. (AMG)




For those like me who have dozens of copies already of "My Girl," "Cloud Nine," "Just My Imagination," and so forth, "More of the Best," is a splendid excursion into some of their better b-sides and album cuts. (SOME minor A-sides appear here: "Heavenly," "Take A Look Around," "Plastic Man," "I Want A Love I Can See." )

The majestic Smokey Robinson love song, "What Love Has Joined Together" (originally B-side to "It's Growing" and also recorded by Mary Wells) and the cocky "You've Got To Earn It" - "If you deserve it you can get it, I'll be glad to see you with it," (Originally B-side to "Since I Lost My Baby" ), all by themselves seal the worth of this one. In a broader sense, "Earn" is a wonderful ode to self-respect, and Eddie Kendricks sings the lead as a man who will NOT have the love he offers taken for granted. Lyrically, it's loaded to the gills with some of Smokey Robinson's best rhymes and metaphors.

It's an album for those who do NOT have the "Emperors of Soul" 5-disc set, but would like to augment the more standard 'greatest hits' sets. (Customer from Amazon)

 
http://img17.imageshack.us/img17/2816/frontoo.jpg


01 - I Want A Love I Can See
02 - What Love Has Joined Together
03 - You've Got To Earn It
04 - No More Water In The Well
05 - Ain't No Sun Since You've Been Gone
06 - Gonna Give Her All The Love I Got
07 - He Who Picks The Rose
08 - Fan The Flame
09 - Don't Let Him Take Your Love From Me
10 - Gonna Keep On Tryin' Till I Win Your Love
11 - Hum Along And Dance
12 - Ungena Za Ulimwengu (Unite The World)
13 - It's Summer
14 - Stop The War Now
15 - Take A Look Around
16 - Plastic Man
17 - Heavenly
18 - You've Got My Soul On Fire




Label: Rhino / Motown
Released: 1993
Catalogue: 8122-71180-2



Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share