


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 05 - Secret Societies - Illuminati - 02









POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 05 - Secret Societies - Illuminati - 02




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director:

These Elite Illuminati Bastards are the Most Sinister, Ruthless Scumbags that have walked the Face of The Earth. They serve their god well. They serve Lucifer. Like Christians worship Jesus these Elite scumbags Worship their god LUCIFER or Satan. He has more than 30 Names in Bible.

This next Fact proves they are evil. If the 200 richest families on Earth would donate just 4% of their WEALTH.  Would you give 4% of everything you owned to House, Cloth and Feed the entire population of the World??? Just 4% of their wealth to end suffering and feed the starving children. Of course you would.  They laugh at USa, they call us Cannon Fodder and Cattle, inject us with poison vaccines and put poison in our water and food supplies.

Look around everything is 180 degrees turned around backwards. Obama and the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! He is the biggest war president the World has ever seen.

Discription -

Illuminati Exposed:
A 2 part documentary about the "illuminati" and the ultimat conspiracy of worshiping devil
and its time for you to wake up and to not belive everything the govement says.
So please watch spread the word and wake up!  They are taking over countries and make and controlling over minds!!


The Illuminati 2-The Antichrist Conspiracy(WTC-SWE):
A Feature Length Documentary Exposing The Global Network of Secret Societies & Royal Satanists.  Featuring DAVID ICKE, ALEX JONES, ANTHONY J. HILDER, NICK FRANKS & CHRIS EVERARD.

Subjects Covered Include:

Bill Clinton Under Hypnosis - How the 1992 Presidential Was Fixed - The Free Tibet Campaign - Aleister Crowley & The Evil Eye - Jewish Vampyrism - Footage from CIA?s MK-ULTRA Mind Control Programme - The Kabbalah - knights Templar & The Holy Grail - The O.T.O - Satanic Imagery on the British Royal Family?s Coat of Arms - Bohemian Grove & The Manhattan Project - ritual Torture in Iraq - The AntiChrist of the Koran - The Jewish AntiChrist - Sigil Magick - Occult Symbols 7 Corporate Logos - The Golden Demon Child of satan!

Directed by: Chris Everard
Title: The Illuminati 2-The Antichrist Conspiracy
Year: 2006
File Size: 706 MB
Format:AVI
Video Length: 01:54:33
Video Codec: XviD
Video Resolution: 640x352
VIdeo Bitrate: 842 kbit/s
FPS: 29.970000
Audio Bitrate: 126 kbit/s
Audio Codec: MPEG Layer-3
Channels: 2
Subtitles: (N/A)


ILLUMINATI New World Order - Photos of EVIL (many photos) are included.

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS









   
  