FTV Girls - Rilee & Sara - Orgasms for Girlfriends
			
Rilee's Comments: I think Sara just needs a little more self-confidence. She loves hanging out with me all the time, but sometimes I just want my boyfriend time. She needs a boyfriend badly. Anyone of you guys up for the challenge? j/k! :P I'd die to have her legs and butt and she's a very sexy girl. I think good guys would love her a lot more if she had the confidence. Like my guy is great, he's very sweet and loving to me. Maybe he isn't a supermodel but that doesn't matter to me. That's another thing, she needs a guy who can wake that romantic side of her up and she'll have a lot more fun in bed. She'd have even more fun with me if she opens up a little. So my idea was to get her to do this shoot and maybe break that sexual barrier. Funny how nobody but us two know that we're shooting porn for this site. Our guy friends and family doesn't know (including my boyfriend :<>) I soo wanted to see her orgasm with the vibrator but she still holds back. One day I'll have to break her. I had no problem getting there myself but I need to have two toys. Well when the work was done we went to the pool and just had fun :)) The photographer kept shooting but we were distracted with each other. The pool felt real nice too. I mean, we both got up real early to come do this shoot and it was time to relax! Now if I can only get her to do her own shoot for the site without me having to hold her hand :P
 Sara's Comments: i look so tall next to her! we're both short girls but i think my skinny body and long legs make me look a lot taller in pics. people always think im at least 5'8 in my modeling pics. i've never done any naked photos but ive done shots in bikinis and sexy bras with skirts and stuff. guys who take photos of me always ask me to take all my clothes off but no wayy josee. i only did this shoot because rilee said it was cool and she was with me the whole time doing it and the pay is nice too. the clothes we're wearing here are both of ours since we share everything. the heels fit good for both of us but we don't like wearing heels except for modeling. i do a lot more modeling than she does but i'm also a year older than her. you know ive never really used toys before and that vibrator tickled and made me laugh a lot until she used it properly on me and it felt better. its like little shocks of pleasure that go to my shoulders and my arms and down to my toes. but i think that rilee has a much better time of it since she's the sexual one. i have the nicer butt and i look great in jeans or just a bikini. well thanks for your time and i think its my turn to come and do a shoot by myself like rilee did.

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_500_Rilee_Sara_Orgasms_for_G.jpg

File Size ------- 1005mb
Length ---------- 33:46
Resolution ------ 1440x816
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Made possible by your donations.