


Fearless Photographer: Portraits


Course Technology PTR
Charlotte Richardson
2011
ENGLISH
ISBN: 1435458249 
264 Pages
PDF  
22.5 MB

Are you looking for a fresh, unique approach to portrait photography? FEARLESS PHOTOGRAPHER: PORTRAITS shows photographers how to use both their equipment and their people skills to produce provocative and insightful portraits of everyday people through examples across a variety of genres. You'll discover how to set yourself apart in a competitive industry using new techniques and ideas for stunning photographs of subjects young to old, pets to couples, and how to capture extraordinary shots of ordinary people. Filled with gorgeous full-color and black-and-white images from actual portrait shoots, in this book you'll find both practical how-to advice and creative inspiration to help you become a better portrait photographer.





Nature Photography Photo Workshop 


Wiley 
Nat Coalson
2011 
ENGLISH
ISBN: 0470534915 
307 Pages  
PDF 
36.5 MB

Photographing nature poses unique challenges and demands that you have special skills and a working knowledge of how to work in—and with—nature. This Photo Workshop is a must-have how-to guide for shooting nature images in nearly any situation you might encounter.

You'll learn which equipment is right in different settings and why it should be used, how to get an amazing photo of a fast-moving animal, and how to handle a myriad of tricky weather scenarios. This book covers composition, exposure, fill-flash, special creative techniques, and more. Plus, assignments at the end of each chapter sharpen your skills to for taking unique, artistic nature photographs.

Shows you what equipment to use in different settings and why to use it
Offers essential advice for photographing a fast-moving animal and dealing with weather obstacles
Provides a clear understanding of the basic fundamentals of photography
Addresses composition, exposure, fill-flash, creative techniques, and more
Shares Photoshop tips for sharpening and improving photos you’ve already taken

Packed with inspirational color photos throughout, this workshop guide encourages you to improve your technique for taking nature photographs.

