Wrestling Society X (WSX) was a short-lived professional wrestling-based television series produced in 2006 by Big Vision Entertainment. The weekly television series formerly aired on MTV, MTV2, MTV Tr3s, and over a dozen other MTV outlets throughout the world. WSXtra, an extra program featuring WSX matches and interviews not broadcast on television, was available on the promotion\\\'s MTV website and Video on Demand.
WSX was presented as a secret society of wrestling that used a venue referred to as the WSX Bunker, complete with an artificially worn-out looking ring for its matchups. In matches held within this venue, falls count anywhere was the stipulation. The program also stood out due to its unorthodox approach to pro wrestling; this included frequent use of highly expressive plants, crowd sound effects, electrical sound effects, visual effects, and camera shaking when a wrestler would fall prey to electrical weapons. Along with wrestling, WSX featured musical guests playing at the start of each television broadcast, with some band members joining the broadcast team (consisting of Kris Kloss and Bret Ernst) after the performance.

History

The WSX pilot was taped on February 10, 2006 in Los Angeles, California, and all wrestlers present were forced to sign an agreement stating that they would take part in a full season if the show was picked up by MTV. Delirious was not used at the taping due to his refusal to sign the agreement, as it would have prevented him from working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.[1] On July 8, 2006, MTV commissioned the promotion to produce a full season of episodes for their network, and WSX taped its first season of shows between November 11 and November 16, 2006 in Los Angeles, California. The tapings were booked by head writer Kevin Kleinrock, Cody Michaels and Vampiro.
The series premiered January 30, 2007 on MTV. It originally aired Tuesdays at 10:30 p.m. ET, to \\\"compete\\\" with the second half of ECW on Sci Fi. The WSX Championship was the only title featured and defended on the program, but announcer Kris Kloss hinted (towards the end of the series) at the arrival of WSX Tag Team Championships in the future during tag team matches and on the unaired season finale it was announced the creation of an X Division-style title for the second season. The fourth episode of the series was pulled by MTV after a spot featuring Ricky Banderas throwing a fireball at Vampiro was deemed unairable by the network, but would air in edited form on February 27, 2007. Houston Curtis of Big Vision Entertainment announced on March 2, 2007 that Wrestling Society X had been pulled from MTV.[2] A marathon of new episodes 5-9 aired on March 13, 2007, as MTV later announced that the marathon served as the season finale of WSX. Episode 10 (the actual season finale) has yet to air, and was quietly removed from its scheduled slot on March 20 on MTV. The unaired finale featured a double main event with The Cartel defeating Los Pochos Guapos in a Piranha Tank Deathmatch & Team Dragon Gate defeating The Filth and The Fury in an Exploding Cage Timebomb match.

Side note

As a wrestling fan im kinda surprised that i never seen this. But i cant stand MTV so doesnt surprise me. Converted for handhelds, it will play on any pc or mp4 player however dont be expecting no Bluray HD dealy here. Same as the rest of the mp4s i do. Fast, quick downloads, and easier sharing. Seed little piggies, ive been watching the decline in the sharing on my torrents. I know theres a First(and Last) Season DVD floating around (5.6 Gig and no ones sharing it) I had to goto the net and pull the ripped episodes individually. Original size 5.6 gig, this download is 1.00 gig, tell me that aint love for ya all :P
