Title: Haevnen aka In a Better World
Year: 2010 
Country: Denmark / Sweden
Language: Danish / Swedish (some dialogue) / English (some dialogue)
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,46 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 119 min
Resolution: 720 x 288
Bitrates: 448kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3-5.1
Directed by: Susanne Bier
Starring: 
Mikael Persbrandt  ...  Anton
Trine Dyrholm  ...  Marianne
Ulrich Thomsen  ...  Claus
William Jøhnk Nielsen  ...  Christian
Markus Rygaard  ...  Elias
Wil Johnson  ...  Læge
Eddy Kimani  ...  Læge
Emily Mglaya  ...  Sygeplejeske
Gabriel Muli  ...  Tolk

IMDB Rate: 8.0/10

IMDB Link:           
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1340107/


Plot: Anton is a doctor who commutes between his home in an idyllic town in Denmark, and his work at an African refugee camp. In these two very different worlds, he and his family are faced with conflicts that lead them to difficult choices between revenge and forgiveness. Anton and his wife Marianne, who have two young sons, are separated and struggling with the possibility of divorce. Their older, ten-year-old son Elias is being bullied at school, until he is defended by Christian, a new boy who has just moved from London with his father, Claus. Christian's mother recently lost her battle with cancer, and Christian is greatly troubled by her death. Elias and Christian quickly form a strong bond, but when Christian involves Elias in a dangerous act of revenge with potentially tragic consequences, their friendship is tested and lives are put in danger. Ultimately, it is their parents who are left to help them come to terms with the complexity of human emotions, pain and empathy. (IMDB)


THIS IS THE GREAT WINNER IN THE OSCAR 2011 (ACADEMY AWARDS - U.S.A.) AND IN THE GOLDEN GLOBE 2011 FOR "BEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM".


THIS TORRENT HAS "SOFT-SUBTITLE" IN ENGLISH.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ						
	