Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=cong9i98ciu5a2s1edbs.jpg



Monique, Steve Holmes, Belladonna, Kimberly Kane, Mr. Pete, Trinity Post, Brianna Love, Lexi Belle, Whitney Stevens, Britney Stevens, CJ Wright, Dane Cross, Faye Reagan

You know how a pig likes to dig around in shit? Well, these chicks are exactly like regular pigs except they're a lot hotter and instead of digging around in fecal matter, they like to ram their faces all over cock!
This flick features two girls on one dude in every scene and that can only mean one thing ... you're gonna cum all over the fucking place!
Every man's fantasy is to have two pigs at the very same time! Belladonna's recent titles have featured flawless title integrity - you get just what you think you are getting - with hard core anal in Buttwhole Whores, for example. Cock Pigs is Belladonna's line for two girls and one lucky guy. We have a long time Evil Empire favorite - ebony Monique (Scene 3), who has starred in Fashionistas for John Stagliano; in double anal film, Fuck Me Katja Kassin for Harmony; in Animal Trainer 15 for Rocco; and in some of Christoph Clark's Hardball films as well. Her lithe body and high intensity approach to fucking make Monique one of the top starlets of all time. Scene 1 brings Brianna Love and Belladonna together to service Mr. Pete. Scene 2 pairs sisters Stevens with daydreaming German cocksman, Steve Holmes. Scene 4 brings Belladonna together with Trinity Post, who had a memorable session with Rico Strong in Butthole Whores. Scene 5 brings cute blond Lexi Belle (see her in Fucked on Sight 4 with 2 girls and Manuel) together with Faye Reagan. Scene 6 features playful girls Belladonna and Kimberly Kane together. Kimberly Kane is a tall, fun, mellow blond of the type that might be your next door neighbor (if you're really lucky), who goes to a nursing job by day, that you fantasize about fucking by night. Well, here's your chance! A hilarious 1-800-FUCK-ME commercial from pitchman Steve Holmes becomes reality for the not-quite-desperate housewives, Kimberly and Bella.