Caroline In The City Generic File Notes

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 599kbps 
Duration.............: 22:38.520
Resolution...........: 384*288 
Framerate............: 25.000 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-2 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 56 kbps CBR
Subtitles............: NONE

UPLOADERS NOTE – This torrent is a direct rip from the one on Demonoid, most thoughtfully upped by thedolphin13. It had not made its way to TPB yet, so I am just passing it along to increase exposure. I did not rip these myself. As of the up date, the complete DVD series is only available in PAL. These are ripped from TV, offered as is. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111910/ 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caroline_in_the_City 
http://bayimg.com/aaBKCaAdA

Caroline in the City is an American situation comedy that ran from September 21, 1995 to April 26, 1999 on the NBC television network. It starred Lea Thompson as cartoonist Caroline Duffy. The series premiered in the two-hour Thursday night block led by Friends.

Premise

Caroline Duffy is a cartoonist living in a Manhattan loft. She is shown in many episodes spending a lot of time with her dates or lovers and meddling in the lives of those around her. The series began shortly after she had broken up with her boyfriend Del, who quickly found a date. She hires Richard Karinsky to be her new colorist in the first episode, and he pretended to be her new boyfriend during a dinner to prevent her from being embarrassed over Del's moving on. Richard develops feelings for Caroline throughout the first season.

Caroline's success as a cartoonist is well displayed throughout the first season, as she gets her own balloon in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, has a park dedicated to her in her native Peshtigo, Wisconsin, and is offered her own cereal.[1] She tells a date that her career began with doodling as a copywriter, a job she took after dropping out of college. In one episode it is revealed that her cartooning began as a child drawing violent pictures of her brother Chris. A meeting with her agent showed that it took less than five years for her cartoon to become nationally syndicated. A clerk at a pharmacy said he saw her on The Today Show.

Following a date with a conspiracy theorist, Caroline met Del at Remo's, an Italian restaurant which appears in most episodes. He gave her a ride home and he proposed marriage. Richard is distressed by this and searches for a new job but doesn't find one. Although Richard kept his feelings secret, Annie and Remo were able to figure out that he loved Caroline.

The day before her wedding, he writes her a love letter and leaves it in a pile of wedding 'thank-you' cards. In it he tells her to meet him at Remo's if she loves him. She arrives, and Richard kisses her, but doesn't explain himself, but it turned out that Caroline didn't get any letter. Richard realizes that since Caroline is about to marry Del there is no place in her life for him and decides to leave Manhattan. Caroline and Del decide not to marry, unbeknownst to Richard. Caroline visits Richard's apartment only to find that he has left, and since she didn't read the letter she did not know why.

The second season began with Richard failing to sell enough paintings to stay in Paris, and moving back to Manhattan. Caroline gave the box of 'thank-you' cards with his love letter to a friend, and it ends up at her apartment. Richard tries to find and destroy the love letter, first by sending Charlie and later by going himself. He tossed the thank you notes out the window, only to have Annie find it. She made several copies and planned to show it to Caroline, but Richard convinced her not to. Richard resumed his old job as her colorist. Annie used the letter to blackmail him, but ceased doing so after her sister used the note for the lyrics of a song.

Later Caroline discovers that she has feelings for Richard when he suddenly met on Manhattan his Italian ex-girlfriend Julia, but when Caroline left a message on his answering machine telling that she loves him Julia erased it. Then Richard and Julia got married, prompting a bitter love triangle between the three.

Towards the end of the series, Caroline and Richard do start dating. However, the show ended on a cliffhanger note – as Caroline was about to get married to another man (Randy), Richard (who had broken up with Caroline over not wanting children, once he discovered he'd fathered a child with his Italian ex-wife) is shown at the wedding. Since the program was canceled after that episode aired, the cliffhanger was never resolved.
