proudly presents
Alien Breed 3: Descent / Team17

RELEASE DATE : 17-11-2010              PROTECTION : Steam
GAME TYPE    : Action                  DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.

twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

Alien Breed 3: Descent is the final explosive chapter in the
Alien Breed series, and is a science fiction arcade-shooter
with an epic story, swarms of highly intelligent alien
enemies, high-impact weapons and stunning environments,
developed using Epic Games Unreal Engine 3. Descend into hell
and once again take control of the hero, Conrad, the ships
Chief Engineer, in his last stand against the savage alien
horde. While the doomed vessel, the Leopold, and the alien
space craft plunge deeper into the planets atmosphere, with
an icy ocean promising a watery grave, you have just hours to
defy a grisly death and survive the alien onslaught for the
final time. As you struggle deeper into the sinking alien
ship, through the freezing waters flooding every corridor, the
horrifying truth surrounding the existence of the Breed is
finally uncovered In addition to the thrilling conclusion to
the single-player campaign and the relentless and competitive
Survivor modes, the game offers action-packed, two-player
online co-operative battle modes.

Alien Breed 3: Descent - The stunning final chapter in the
Alien Breed trilogy - an action-packed mix of arcade-shooter,
survival-horror and tactical weapons upgrades and
customisation. The final descent into hell

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
5. Play the game