From Kink.com   ( The Upperfloor )  +  Pics




There is always an appetite for fresh meat on the Upper Floor. Lolita came to The Upper Floor for her second shoot ever! This slut comes with no experience but sticks it out and focuses on being a slut for the house. Cherry Torn gives her a mouth full of tit while Maestro flogs. Next she is rigged in a chest harness and hung from the ceiling with a vibrator jammed in her pussy. At this point nipple clamps are applied and orgasms are denied! If she cant hold her cum she gets 50 cane strokes! She doesn't have much to say but between whipping, caning, fucking and sucking her moans say it all.


Screens  http://www.theupperfloor.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9602



After Cherry Torn finishes her daily cleaning chores, she reports for afternoon maintenance with Maestro. The first part of her maintenance session is in multitasking. She is first asked polish a monster cock dildo with mouth while vibrating herself on the verge of orgasm and taking pain. Of course one cock isn't enough for this slut so we add another dildo and a real cock to keep this bitch working! Part to of her maintenance session is conversation with a single tail! As head slave of The Upper Floor it is very import that she is versed at all times in numerous implements



Screens  http://www.theupperfloor.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9699


TORN IS TAUGHT THE FINER POINTS OF CORPORAL PUNISHMENT AND BELLA SUFFERS! It's anal day for Cherry Torn and what more suitable than an ass plug with a tail and her hand jammed up Bella's cunt! Rossi advances in nipple torture by taking clamps and clothespins and being on the verge of cumming for as long as expected. Next they are tested in posture and consistency through predicament bondage with ropes, nipple clamps and twine while Maestro interrogates the struggling house slaves. Because of there determination and attentiveness the slaves get to work together in draining the Master's Cock!



Screens  http://www.theupperfloor.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9702


Aiden Starr comes to The Upper Floor to play with House Submissive! She starts with clothespins and ends up wrist deep to start. After she breaks out the single tail to test Bella's endurance. Fucking and sucking cock follow with candle wax and butt plugs! Everyone is a total slut in this episode but we didn't forget about Aiden's perfect toes that get worshiped by Bella as she sucks Maestro's cock! Finally the two dominants fuck each other while Bella fucks herself with her heels! 



Screens  http://www.theupperfloor.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9754



Its another afternoon on The Upper Floor and the house slaves are reminded of what they're good for through strict disciplinary actions! Maestro goes straight for there fuck holes to make sure they are wet and available. Then a quick test of pain tolerance followed by pussy fucking and eating. Bella slaps Torn's tits while she keeps her mouth wet for Maestro. No one is relieved of duty until every drop of cum is drained and swallowed! Mr. Mogul stops by at the end to check on these two filthy sluts and inform Torn that she failed to become completely blond.


Screens  http://www.theupperfloor.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9757



Cheers  :-)