[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/qor343ypy4xumdfgng2b.jpg[/img]
Elsevier-GPU.Computing.Gems.Emerald.Edition.2011.RETAiL.EBook-DiGiBook

GPU Computing Gems: Emerald Edition brings their techniques to you, showcasing GPU-based solutions including: 

Black hole simulations with CUDA 
GPU-accelerated computation and interactive display of molecular orbitals 
Temporal data mining for neuroscience 
GPU -based parallelization for fast circuit optimization 
Fast graph cuts for computer vision 
Real-time stereo on GPGPU using progressive multi-resolution adaptive windows 
GPU image demosaicing 
Tomographic image reconstruction from unordered lines with CUDA 
Medical image processing using GPU -accelerated ITK image filters 
41 more chapters of innovative GPU computing ideas, written to be accessible to researchers from any domain 
GPU Computing Gems: Emerald Edition is the first volume in Morgan Kaufmann's Applications of GPU Computing Series, offering the latest insights and research in computer vision, electronic design automation, emerging data-intensive applications, life sciences, medical imaging, ray tracing and rendering, scientific simulation, signal and audio processing, statistical modeling, and video / image processing. 



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/4i1nxg4iunczvi5s36k1.jpg[/img]
Focus On Photoshop Elements 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Are you bewildered by the advanced editing options available in Photoshop Elements? Do you want to get the most out of your image without going bleary-eyed in front of a computer screen?
This handy guide will explain the ins and outs of using Photoshop Elements, without having to spend hours staring at the screen. Using a fabulous combination of easy-to-follow advice and step-by-step instructions, Focus On Photoshop Elements gives great advice on setting up, storing and sharing your image library and teaches you the basics of RAW image processing and color correction, plus shows you how to edit and retouch your images for stunning results. These simple tweaks and adjustments will take your images from so-so to amazing - and fast! 


[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/je8wq3ijmw0pmyfp38d.jpg[/img]
Flash Mobile Developing Android and iOS Applications 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Build rich media applications for the iOS and Android platforms with this primer to Flash mobile development. You get all of the essentials-from setting up your development environment to publishing your apps to the Google Market Place/Apple iTunes App Store. 

Develop elementary applications without coding; then realize the power of ActionScript 3 to add rich complexity to your applications. Step-by-step instruction is combined with practical tutorial lessons to deliver a working understanding of the development stages including: 

*Rapid prototyping *Adding interactivity, audio, and video *Employing iOS and Android Interface Calls *Hardware optimization with AIR *Game development; game engines, controlling physics, and 3D *Designing for iPad, Android tablets, and Google TV *Code optimization, testing, and debugging

User interfaces are presented in full color to illustrate their nuances. The companion website, www.visualizetheweb/flashmobile, includes all of the AS3 code, project files, and a blog to keep you up to date with related news and developments.



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/gf3268f82f7z7lumksl.jpg[/img]
Engineering a Compiler 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

This entirely revised second edition of Engineering a Compiler is full of technical updates and new material covering the latest developments in compiler technology. In this comprehensive text you will learn important techniques for constructing a modern compiler. Leading educators and researchers Keith Cooper and Linda Torczon combine basic principles with pragmatic insights from their experience building state-of-the-art compilers. They will help you fully understand important techniques such as compilation of imperative and object-oriented languages, construction of static single assignment forms, instruction scheduling, and graph-coloring register allocation. 

In-depth treatment of algorithms and techniques used in the front end of a modern compiler 
Focus on code optimization and code generation, the primary areas of recent research and development 
Improvements in presentation including conceptual overviews for each chapter, summaries and review questions for sections, and prominent placement of definitions for new terms 
Examples drawn from several different programming languages



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/kusf7paxb2bf8mdx96j1.jpg[/img]
Electronics Simplified 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Electronics Simplified is essential reading for everyone who wants to know more about the electronics revolution. No previous knowledge is assumed, and by focusing on how systems work, rather than on details of circuit diagrams and calculations, this book introduces you to the key principles and technology of modern electronics without needing access to expensive equipment or laboratories. This approach also enables you to gain a firm grasp of the principles they will be applying in the lab. 

Explains electronics from fundamentals to applications - No other book has such breadth of coverage 

Approachable, clear writing style, with minimal math - No previous knowledge of electronics required! 

Now fully revised and updated to include coverage of the latest developments in electronics: Blu-ray, HD, 3-D TV, digital TV and radio, miniature computers, robotic systems and more.



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/lhn48pw9zr90kzto6v.jpg[/img]
Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools is the definitive book on investigating and analyzing computer systems and media using open source tools. The book is a technical procedural guide, and explains the use of these tools on Linux and Windows systems as a platform for performing computer forensics. Both well known and novel forensic methods are demonstrated using command-line and graphical open source computer forensic tools for examining a wide range of target systems and artifacts. 



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/gjfyg31w7dzbkdo2tvq7.jpg[/img]
Data Architecture From Zen to Reality 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Data is an expensive and expansive asset. Information capture has forced storage capacity from megabytes to terabytes, exabytes and, pretty soon, zetabytes of data. So the need for accessible storage space for this data is great. To make this huge amount of data usable and relevant, it needs to be organized effectively. Database Base Management Systems, such as Oracle, IBM's DB2, and Microsoft SqlServer are used often, but these are being enhanced continuously and auxiliary tools are being developed every week; there needs to be a fundamental starting point for it all. That stating point is Data Architecture, the blueprint for organizing and structuring of information for services, service providers, and the consumers of that data. 

Data Architecture: From Zen to Reality explains the principles underlying data architecture, how data evolves with organizations, and the challenges organizations face in structuring and managing their data. It also discusses proven methods and technologies to solve the complex issues dealing with data. The book uses a holistic approach to the field of data architecture by covering the various applied areas of data, including data modelling and data model management, data quality , data governance, enterprise information management, database design, data warehousing, and warehouse design. This book is a core resource for anyone emplacing, customizing or aligning data management systems, taking the Zen-like idea of data architecture to an attainable reality. 



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/rr5ufk86mc36xixy05ga.jpg[/img]
Cyber Warfare Techniques Tactics and Tools for Security Practitioners 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Cyber Warfare explores the battlefields, participants and the tools and techniques used during today's digital conflicts. The concepts discussed in this book will give those involved in information security at all levels a better idea of how cyber conflicts are carried out now, how they will change in the future and how to detect and defend against espionage, hacktivism, insider threats, and non-state actors like organized criminals and terrorists. Every one of our systems is under attack from multiple vectors--our defenses must be ready all the time and our alert systems must detect the threats every time. 

Provides concrete examples and real-world guidance on how to identify and defend your network against malicious attacks 
Dives deeply into relevant technical and factual information from an insider's point of view 
Details the ethics, laws and consequences of cyber war and how computer criminal law may change as a result 



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/j2775qo8ctfdmz4953.jpg[/img]
Brave NUI World 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Touch and gestural devices have been hailed as next evolutionary step in human-computer interaction. As software companies struggle to catch up with one another in terms of developing the next great touch-based interface, designers are charged with the daunting task of keeping up with the advances in new technology and this new aspect to user experience design. 

Product and interaction designers, developers and managers are already well versed in UI design, but touch-based interfaces have added a new level of complexity. They need quick references and real-world examples in order to make informed decisions when designing for these particular interfaces. Brave NUI World is the first practical book for product and interaction developers and designing touch and gesture interfaces. Written by developers of industry-first, multi-touch, multi-user products, this book gives you the necessary tools and information to integrate touch and gesture practices into your daily work, presenting scenarios, problem solving, metaphors, and techniques intended to avoid making mistakes. 



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/pj12p5ylonsqq6x0gn.jpg[/img]
Joe Celkos SQL for Smarties Advanced SQL Programming 4th Edition 2011 RETAiL eBOOk-rebOOk

In the SQL database community, Joe Celko is a well-known columnist and purveyor of valuable insights. In Joe Celko's SQL for Smarties: Advanced SQL Programming, he picks up where basic SQL training and experience leaves many database professionals and offers tips, techniques, and explanations that help readers extend their capabilities to top-tier SQL programming. 
Although Celko denies that the book is about database theory, he nevertheless alludes to theory often to buttress his practical points. This title is not for novices, as the author points out. Instead, its intended audience is SQL programmers with at least a year's experience. The book maintains a fine balance between technical discussion and practical explanation--picking hot topics and offering advice on a wide range of issues. 

The book uses ANSI SQL-89 as its baseline standard, with some mention of SQL-92 features. It does not, however, focus on any commercial product; this guide zeroes in on the SQL language. Celko covers all aspects of database design, optimization, and manipulation, with easy-to-understand explanations of key issues such as why not to use too many nulls, how to use practical normalization, and how to optimize queries. 

This insightful text is manna for all the day-to-day SQL coders banging their heads over the language's subtle challenges. --Stephen W. Plain 

Topics covered: Database design and normalization, SQL data types, querying, grouping, set operations, optimization, data scaling, and encoding. --This text refers to an alternate Paperback edition. 



[img][/img]
3C Vision Cues Context and Channels 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

The exponential explosion of images and videos concerns everybody's common life, since this media is now present everywhere and in all human activities. Scientists, artists and engineers, in any field, need to be aware of the basic mechanisms that allow them to understand how images are essentially information carriers. Images bear a strong evocative power, because their perception quickly brings into mind a number of related pictorial contents of past experiences, and even of abstract concepts like pleasure, attraction or aversion. 

This book analyzes the visual hints, thanks to which, images are generally interpreted, processed and exploited, both by humans and computer programs. 

Comprehensive introductory text 

Introduces the reader to the large world of imagery on which many human activities are based, from politics to entertainment, from technical reports to artistic creations 

Provides a unified framework where both biological and artificial vision are discussed through visual cues, through the role of contexts and the available multi-channels to deliver information.



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/vg8elg7tyj035l2za22.jpg[/img]
Reinventing the Postal Sector in an Electronic Age 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

This compilation of original essays by an international cast of public sector economists and industry practitioners analyzes some of the major issues now facing postal and delivery services throughout the world as competition from information and communications technologies has increased. Competition has become increasingly important in the postal sector for some time in the form of alternative entrants providing mail delivery. However, the competition from information and communications technologies (ICT) in the form of email and instant messaging, the Internet, Facebook and other forms of social networking and portable wireless devises such as the iPad and Kindle may be even more significant. Mail volumes are falling and the economies of scale that have made possible daily deliveries to every address are being eroded. This book assesses volume these declines resulting from this so-called 'eSubstituion' and looks at the ways the postal sector can adapt to the rapid changes resulting from ICT. The impact of electronic invoicing on transactions mail, and the impact on bulk mail of electronic forms of advertising are examined. Strategies, including pricing and access policies, are discussed in the context of the increasing impact of ICT. A rethinking of the role of mail in an electronic age is taking place and this book provides the cutting-edge of this rethinking and the attempts of POs to reinvent themselves while continuing to meet the public's expectation of continuing ubiquitous daily deliveries of traditional mail products. Undergraduate and postgraduate students and researchers in regulation, competition law, innovation and public sector economics along with institutional libraries and industry professionals will find this volume informative and useful.



[img]http://shareimage.ro/images/0tyj1lszfv0so9xh2cds.jpg[/img]
The Image Processing Handbook 2011 RETAiL EBook-DiGiBook

Whether obtained by microscopes, space probes, or the human eye, the same basic tools can be applied to acquire, process, and analyze the data contained in images. Ideal for self study, The Image Processing Handbook, Sixth Edition, first published in 1992, raises the bar once again as the gold-standard reference on this subject. Using extensive new illustrations and diagrams, it offers a logically organized exploration of the important relationship between two-dimensional images and the three-dimensional structures they reveal. 


Provides Hundreds of Visual Examples in FULL COLOR! 

The author focuses on helping readers visualize and compare processing and measurement operations and how they are typically combined in fields ranging from microscopy and astronomy to real-world scientific, industrial, and forensic applications. Presenting methods in the order in which they would be applied in a typical workflow—from acquisition to interpretation—this book compares a wide range of algorithms used to: 
Improve the appearance, printing, and transmission of an image 

Prepare images for measurement of the features and structures they reveal 

Isolate objects and structures, and measure their size, shape, color, and position 

Correct defects and deal with limitations in images 

Enhance visual content and interpretation of details 

This handbook avoids dense mathematics, instead using new practical examples that better convey essential principles of image processing. This approach is more useful to develop readers’ grasp of how and why to apply processing techniques and ultimately process the mathematical foundations behind them. 


Much more than just an arbitrary collection of algorithms, this is the rare book that goes beyond mere image improvement, presenting a wide range of powerful example images that illustrate techniques involved in color processing and enhancement. Applying his 50-year experience as a scientist, educator, and industrial consultant, John Russ offers the benefit of his image processing expertise for fields ranging from astronomy and biomedical research to food science and forensics. His valuable insights and guidance continue to make this handbook a must-have reference. 