Title: Patagonia
Year: 2010 
Country: Argentina / U.K.
Language: Welsh / Spanish
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,46 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 118 min
Resolution: 720 x 384
Bitrates: 192kbps
FPS: 25.000
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Marc Evans
Starring:
Matthew Rhys
Rhys Parry Jones  ...  Martin
Duffy  ...  Sissy
Nia Roberts  ...  Gwen
Nahuel Pérez Biscayart  ...  Alejandro
Matthew Gravelle  ...  Rhys
Radoslaw Kaim  ...  Kris
Marco Antonio Caponi  ...  Diego
Marcin Kwasny  ...  Marc
Marta Lubos  ...  Cerys
Claudia Cantero  ...  Marta

IMDB Link:                   
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1020559/


Plot: In 1865, a handful of Welsh exiles took refuge in Argentina, and the long-standing interaction between these two very different cultures sets the stage for this comedy-drama from filmmaker Marc Evans. Gwen (Nia Roberts) and Rhys (Matthew Gravelle) are a couple from Cardiff whose relationship is going through a rough patch; her career as an actress is in a slump, so when he gets an assignment to do a photo essay on the Welsh community in Patagonia, she tags along as an assistant. While Gwen and Rhys are hoping the working holiday with help kick-start their marriage, things take a turn for the worse when she becomes infatuated with Mateo (Matthew Rhys), a handsome local man working as their driver. Meanwhile, Alejandro (Nahuel Perez Biscayart) grudgingly agrees to accompany his elderly aunt Cerys (Marta Lubos) as she leaves her small village to have needed surgery, but he soon discovers she actually has other plans, and is instead flying to Wales to see the land her late mother once called home. (Fandango)



Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can\\\'t without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ