                    PART  282



             Music of the 1930's and 40's


     THE ANDREWS SISTERS   -  I'll Be With You When It's Apple Blossom  (1941)
     THE ANDREWS SISTERS   -  Steppin' Out Tonight (1941)
     THE ANDREWS SISTERS   -  Hula-Ba-Luau  (1941)  
     THE ANDREWS SISTERS   -  Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy  (1941) 
     THE ANDREWS SISTERS   -  Bounce Me Brother with a Solid Four  (1941)
    


     The Andrews Sisters were hugely successful close harmony singing group of the swing and boogie-woogie eras, consisting of three actual sisters: LaVerne, Maxene and Patty. Laverne Sophia, contralto and redhead (1911-1967);  Maxene Angelyn, soprano and brunette (1916-1995); and Patricia Marie "Patty" Andrews, mezzo-soprano, lead singer, and blonde (1918). 
     The sisters were born in Minnesota to a Greek immigrant father and a Norwegian American mother. They started their career as imitators of an earlier successful singing group, the Boswell Sisters. After singing with various dance bands and touring in vaudeville with the likes of Ted Mack, Leon Belasco, and comic bandleader Larry Rich, they first came to national attention with their recordings and radio broadcasts in 1937, most notably via their major Decca record hit, "Bei Mir Bist Du Schon" (translation: To me, you are beautiful). They followed this success with a string of best-selling records over the next two years and they became a household name by 1940. Throughout their long career, the sisters sold well over 75 million records.The group was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1998.
       
    Their hit "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy" can be considered an early example of rhythm and blues or jump blues.The song was a major hit for The Andrews Sisters and an iconic World War II tune. The song is ranked #6 on Songs of the Century.
   "Bounce Me Brother with a Solid Four"  features one of the famous Lindy Hop dance sequences of the swing era. The Lindy Hop is a dance based on the popular Charleston and named for Charles Lindbergh's Atlantic crossing in 1927. It evolved in Harlem, New York City in the 1920s and '30s and originally evolved with the jazz music of that time. Lindy was a fusion of many dances that preceded it or were popular during its development but is mainly based on jazz, tap, breakaway and Charleston. It is frequently described as a jazz dance and is a member of the swing dance family.