Video Watermark Software focus on protecting and watermarking your video file. Did you worried your video will be unauthorized using and sharing, When people watching your video, do you want to let viewers know the video's source? You may need to add identity and ownership information to your video, ensure that viewers know the source.

Video Watermark Software can help you to do that
Video Watermark Pro allows you to embed text, image, logo, sign (include animated) to your video in batch mode. Video Watermark has simple operation, friendly interface and high speed process, so the processing of watermarking becomes very easy and fast. you can finish it with few clicks,and you do not need waiting long time, It is an excellent solution to protect and annotate your video.

Key features

Insert text watermark to video
1 - Adding text to your video, rich settings like text opacity, rotate text, font options, etc.
2 - Insert coypright symbols C, R and TM to video.
3 - Support scroll text.

Insert shape watermark to video (just pro edition)
1 - Allow you create line segment, curve, rectangle and round shape to video, you can slao add a arrow to your shape.
2 - Common settings - color, width, opacity, rotate, etc.

Video effect
Make rich video effect like brightness, contrast, mosaic, blur, sharpen, noise, old film, etc.

Support batch watermarking
Just once setting, you can watermarking all of your video.

Insert image watermark to video
1 - Allow you add image watermark to your video.
2 - Over 200 image watermark samples.
3 - Support animated image watermark.

Timeline editing
Adding watermark with timeline editing, accurately control watermark show time and hidden time for every second.

Video conversion
1 - Also as a video conversion software, support 12 video formats in include AVI, MP4. MPEG, WMV, MKV, MOV, FLV, SWF, 3GP, etc.

Layer concept
All of watermarks base on layer editing, you can create many different watermark to different layer, and you can set mix effect of every layer.
