Description: 

Name: Manhunt 2
Platform: Playstation Portable
Genre: Action/Stealth/Horror
Year: 2007
Game Modes: Single Player
Rating: M for Mature(US), 18+(UK)
Publisher: Rockstar Games
Developer: Rockstar Leeds
File Extension: CSO

Here's another title Manhunt 2. For the record, this is the censored version. If have the know how you can uncensor it. Unfortunately for me I don't....Yet.

Quick story description taken from IMDB. In my opinion this game reminds me of Splinter Cell fuzed with a horror movie, but you be the judge of that.

Within a secret research facility, Daniel Lamb is one of many scientists working on the 'The Pickman Project' led by Dr. Laura Whyte and Dr. Pickman. The project deals with various controversial experiments and when the funding is cut, the facility is shut down. Dr. Pickman and his colleagues decide to continue either way and move the whole project underground. Among some of the scientists still on board, Daniel Lamb agrees to become one of the many guinea pigs. However, an unforeseen defect appears in many of the subjects and they are sent to the Dixmor Asylum for the Criminally Insane.
During his time, Daniel becomes confused and brain washed with paranoia questioning what part of his life was real or imaginary. Six years later, a freakish lightning storm knocks out the asylum's power resulting in the whole security system to shut down. Daniel decides to escape, but isn't the only inmate coming out of his cell. This is where the game play begins. 

Again you need custom firmware(CFW) to play this title. However if you are experiencing any lag/freeze issues, try decompressing it to iso format using YACC(Yet Another CSO Compressor). Just google it and you should be to find it. Credit for that tip goes to arata75 for posting it on one of my previous torrents. And if you are having trouble with it leave a comment with your issue and I or somebody will try to help you out. Just don't be a dick about it. Anyway this is my third but not final torrent...At least I hope not. Anyway Enjoy!!