The originators of multi sampled drums and Drumkit From Hell, Toontrack®, Music presents an all-new SDX expansion pack for Superior Drummer® 2.0 - The Metal Foundry SDX™.

The Metal Foundry SDX™ is an all-new recording with Meshuggah drummer Tomas Haake, featuring seven massive drum kits, spanning 300,000 sound files of raw, single hit drum recordings in the vein of Drumkit From Hell and dfh Superior, covering Hard Rock to Metal, from the early Blues tinged sound of the late 60s to the fragmentation of today’s music, from Power through Thrash, Death and Progressive Metal.

The Metal Foundry SDX™ celebrates the Toontrack® Music Hard Rock and Heavy Metal legacy of the first Drumkit From Hell, on which the company has built its following. This in turn has spawned such groundbreaking products as dfh Superior, EZdrummer® and Superior Drummer® 2.0.

The Metal Foundry SDX™ was recorded and produced at Atlantis Studios in December 2008 by the original Drumkit From Hell recording team, Mattias Eklund (Toontrack® Music), Fredrik Thordendal (Meshuggah), Daniel Bergstrand (Dug Out Studios) and Tomas Haake (Meshuggah).

The Metal Foundry SDX™ features presets by:
Devin Townsend (Devin Townsend, Strapping Young Lad, Steve Vai)
Daniel Bergstrand from Dug Out Studio (Meshuggah, In Flames, Dark Funeral, Behemoth)
Pelle Gunnerfeldt from Gröndahl Studio (The Hives, Moneybrother, Fireside, The International Noise Conspiracy)
Pelle Henricsson, Eskil Lövstrand and Magnus Lindberg from Tonteknik Studio (Refused, Meshuggah, Cult Of Luna, Khoma, Hell Is For Heroes)
Mattias Eklund from Toontrack (Nocturnal Rites, Naglfar, Guillotine, Galneryus, Lambretta)
Jocke Skog (Clawfinger)
Fredrik Thordendal (Meshuggah)

The Metal Foundry SDX™ features custom MIDI by:
Gene Hoglan (Dark Angel, Strapping Young Lad, Devin Townsend, Testament)
Dirk Verbeuren (Soilwork, Warrel Dane, Scarve, Aborted)

MIDI is downloadable upon product registration.

The Drumkit From Hell and Metal Foundry story
Toontrack Music was originally started as a production company for composing game and movie soundtracks. In 1999 producers Fredrik Thordendal of Meshuggah and Mattias Eklund of Toontrack Music decided to design a sample library for their own use. They called Tomas Haake drummer of Heavy Metal band Meshuggah to record the drum samples. The library was called Drumkit From Hell.

Little did they know that Drumkit From Hell was not only the first true multi sampled drum recording for use with a virtual instrument but that it would also be the start for Toontrack Music to become the worlds premier developer of software, audio and midi for virtual drum and percussion production, spawning groundbreaking products like dfh Superior, EZdrummer and Superior Drummer 2.0.
In the time since Toontrack recorded and released Drumkit From Hell our knowledge of sampling drums and designing software has improved vastly and we’ve built a great following in all genres and with all kinds of users, but our core has always rested firmly on the foundation of those early recordings.

In order to celebrate the tenth anniversary of Drumkit From Hell we release The Metal Foundry SDX. The name has layers of meaning to us encompassing both the beginning, what has come from it and what lies in the future. The Foundry is a place where precious metals are forged and what was started back in 1999 with the Drumkit From Hell recording sessions turned out to be truly precious.