File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:52

[Video]
Resolution : 1280x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3534 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.13 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos.


"You Belong with Me" is a country pop song performed by American recording artist Taylor Swift. The song was co-written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman with Swift's aid. It was released on April 21, 2009, by Big Machine Records as the third single from Swift's second studio album, Fearless. Swift was inspired to write "You Belong with Me" after overhearing a male friend of hers arguing with his girlfriend through a phone call; she continued to develop a story line afterward. The song contains many pop music elements and its lyrics have Swift desiring an out-of-reach love interest.

Critical reception for "You Belong with Me" was mixed to positive. At the 52nd Grammy Awards, the song received nominations for the Grammy Awards for Song of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. "You Belong with Me" enjoyed commercial success as well; it became a top ten hit in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States. In the United States, the song became Swift's best-charting single on the Billboard Hot 100 to date and gained the largest crossover radio audience since Faith Hill's "Breathe" did in 2000. The single was certified double-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

The song's accompanying music video was directed by Roman White. The video features Swift portraying two characters, a nerd (the protagonist) and a popular girl (the antagonist), while American actor Lucas Till acts as the male lead. The protagonist is in love with Till's character but does not tell him; his girlfriend, the antagonist, betrays him and does not like the protagonist. In the conclusion, Swift, as the nerd, and Till reveal their love to each other and kiss. The video won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, but during Swift's acceptance speech, rapper Kanye West interrupted, protesting in support of Beyoncé Knowles. The incident caused a reaction in the media, with most people coming to Swift's defense. The song was performed live at numerous venues, including the 2009–10 Fearless Tour, where it was the opening number. It was covered by various artists, including Butch Walker.

The song was ranked #8 on CMT's list of the 40 greatest songs of the decade.

Fearless is the second studio album by American country pop artist Taylor Swift. Released on November 11, 2008, on Big Machine Records, the album debuted at No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and the Top Country Albums charts. The release sold 592,000 copies in the United States in its first week—the largest sum for a country album since Eagles' Long Road Out of Eden in November 2007. Fearless later became the first album to sell one million copies in 2009, and earned the title of top-selling album of 2009. As of September 2010, the album has been certified 6x Platinum by the RIAA., and it sold nearly 10 million copies worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/