Sonic Youth is an American alternative rock band from New York City, formed in 1981. The current lineup consists of Thurston Moore (vocals and guitar), Kim Gordon (vocals, bass, guitar), Lee Ranaldo (vocals and guitar), Steve Shelley (drums), and Mark Ibold (bass, guitar).

In their early career, Sonic Youth was associated with the No Wave art and music scene in New York City. Part of the first wave of American noise rock groups, the band carried out their interpretation of the hardcore punk ethos throughout the evolving American underground that focused more on the DIY ethic of the genre rather than its specific sound. As a result, some consider Sonic Youth as pivotal in the rise of the alternative rock and indie rock movements. The band has experienced success and critical acclaim throughout the last three decades, continuing into the new millennium, including signing to major label DGC in 1990, and headlining the 1995 Lollapalooza festival.

Sonic Youth have expressed a wide variety of influences, ranging from the influential protopunk musician Patti Smith to composer John Cage. The band has been praised for having redefined what rock guitar could do, using a wide variety of unorthodox guitar tunings, and preparing guitars with objects like drum sticks and screwdrivers to alter the instruments' timbre.  (wikipedia)

- - -

Sonic Youth - Simon Werner a Disparu 2011
(Hoboken, N.J. Sonic Youth Records)

While this release is marketed as the soundtrack to director Fabrice Goberts early 1990s-set, 2010-released high-school thriller of the same name - translated as Simon Werner has Disappeared, but oddly titled Lights Out internationally - its 13 tracks arent exactly as they appeared beside the on-screen action. Rather than simply compile the shorter, scene-complementing cuts that they recorded after seeing Goberts initial rushes in the spring of last year, Sonic Youth - here with Jim ORourke aboard, albeit only for the closing Theme dAlice - went back into the studio to rearrange their works. The results are every bit as enthrallingly out of step with the groups mainstream catalogue as previous SYR releases, but fashioned into something thats perfectly coherent, and really quite a delightful listen.

Such is the success of this re-worked take on material a few months old that it could easily stand aside from the movie that inspired it - song titles and artwork aside, there are no dialogue cues to suggest a connection with cinema. Guitars clang and moan, drums thunder softly, a lonely piano sings out from a barren wilderness. Our players remain silent, the only language that constructed by pickups and plectrums, amplifiers and electricity. But what a story these compositions tell - a story that will seem different to every individual listener. Through the spaces between skin and string the mind wanders, its path determined only by imagination. Thats the beauty of this set: it builds no barriers, its sounds flowing free and easy. As pieces shift through motorik gears, the heart quickens a touch, as they slide into relative stillness, so too does their audience, becalmed and content. Its call and response without words, an invisible bond thats established with ease and impossible to break.

What might surprise the bands buy-everything fanbase is just how little noise there is here - on tracks like Jean-Baptiste a la Fenetre and Les Anges au Piano, theres a real sense of simple prettiness prevailing over pandemonium. Yes, theres a satisfying squall arising on occasion, and the odd diversion into some truly frightening territories - Theme de Laetitia is a wall of shrill noise designed, presumably, to have one covering their head with an empty (or not) popcorn box. But, for the most part, this is a serene listen. What it actually says about the film is debatable - nothing, to these ears, although there might be some compositional traits common to tracks centring on particular characters (or thats a coincidence - Im not sure yet). But it doesnt really matter: Simon Werner a Disparu, the record, is a powerful piece of art in its own right.  (BBC Review)

- - -

In Spring 2010, Sonic Youth gathered at their Echo Canyon West studio in Hoboken, New Jersey, to watch the rushes of a new film, Simon Werner a Disparu, by French director Fabrice Gobert. They spent the following few weeks recording music which was then shaped as needed to fit the various scenes. For this release, rather than present the small clips of music as used in the film, the band went back in the autumn to the original tapes and reorganized the various pieces for this original soundtrack release, sometimes montaging multiple tracks together, other times extending cues into new sonic realms. The film premiered at Cannes in May 2010 and opened nationwide in France. Original soundtrack inspired by French director Fabrice Gobert s latest film. Vinyl which is released in March includes digital download coupon with bonus track (amazon.com)


 1. Theme de Jeremie
 2. Alice et Simon
 3. Les Anges au Piano
 4. Chez Yves (Alice et Clara)
 5. Jean-Baptiste a la Fenetre
 6. Theme de Laetitia
 7. Escapades
 8. La Cabane au Zodiac
 9. Dans les Bois / M. Rabier
10. Jean-Baptiste et Laetitia
11. Theme de Simon
12. Au Cafe
13. Theme d Alice
