AC/DC's 1986 release entitled "Who Made Who" is actually the music from the soundtrack "Maximim Overdrive" written by Stephen King. The entire soundtrack's music was provided by AC/DC which was ideal for this movie,which was about machines taking over, hence depicted in the song "Who Made Who". There are some excellent rocker's here pulled from the various AC/DC catalog (the several exceptions being the title song "Who Made Who", "D.T." and "Chase The Ace" which made their debut on this album) such as "Hells Bells" and "You Shook Me All Night Long" (from Back In Black), "Sink The Pink" and "Shake Your Foundations" (from Fly On The Wall),"Ride On" (from Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap)and "For Those About To Rock (We Salute You)" (from the album For Those About To Rock...). I purchased this cd just for the three above mentioned songs "Who Made Who", "D.T." and "Chase The Ace", the last two are ... kicking instrumental rockers and are unique to this album (or cd in this case). Those of you who remember watching "Maximum Overdrive" will instantly have flashbacks when hearing these three songs. The song "Who Made Who" opens the movie with an awesome car collision due to a drawbridge opening on it's own as cars are lined up on top. Total chaos erupts as the bridge opens and cars crash into one another and a motorcylist and car plunge into the river below. Also, the song "Chase The Ace" is played during a a car chase scene where a Mack truck driving with no one at the wheel, continues to rear end a newlywed couple's car until the truck ends up going over an embankment and going up in flames. "D.T." is played as a young boy rides his bike down a neighborhood street and sprinklers and a lawnmower seem to have a mind of their own and go on for no apparent reason. This newly remastered cd is ten times better than it's non-remastered version, with the volume increased, the mid-range and bottom end pumped up as well. The digipack that houses the cd is attractive and there's also a fifteen page booklet enclosed that has information about the soundtrack "Maximum Overdrive", the making of "Who Made Who" and color photos of the band. This is a must have for all AC/DC lovers and fans of 80's rock. Highly Recommended! 

by highway_star

TRACKLIST:

01 - Who Made Who.wma                                            
02 - You Shook Me All Night Long.wma                             
03 - D.T..wma                                                    
04 - Sink The Pink.wma                                           
05 - Ride On.wma                                                 
06 - Hells Bells.wma                                             
07 - Shake Your Foundations.wma                                  
08 - Chase The Ace.wma                                           
09 - For Those About To Rock.wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO