Young.Harlots.Sex.Athletics.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-SLiEZE

Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=22359133758304083057.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=10280567024676101172.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=32915441595385850104.jpg


Starring: Viktoria Diamond, Misha, Avril Sun, Megan Coxxx, Aleska Diamond, Kai, George Uhl, Peter Oh Tool, Nick Manning. 


Welcome to the Young Harlots Sports Academy, where athletic hopefuls get extra curriculum activities to master the art of sucking, wanking and riding cock. Sit back and enjoy watching these pretty young adolescents become the whores they are destined to be!

Mischievous Misha returns from a jog with her very fit and perverted PE teacher Mr. Manning. Complaining about how exhausted she feels, Sir takes poor Misha in hand by giving her arse a good spanking before filling her month with his juicy cock. Soon enough Sir's thrusting his throbbing manhood inside Misha tight pussy. Will this stop Misha complaining in future, I doubt it?

Pretty Avril Sun is called into Sir's study for not wearing the correct sports uniform; Sir slowly removes her uniform revealing her pert body. Clever Avril knows a thing or two on how to get around Sir by rubbing her tight little arse up against his pulsating cock. Before long he's piercing her with his throbbing manhood in a sexy hot workout!

Gorgeous Megan Coxxx makes a visit to her PE teacher Mr Manning for some advice on toning her thighs and arse. She lets him take a closer look, also letting him have a good feel before stripping off her uniform and becoming the naughty whore she's destined to be. Taking control of this scene, she rides him hard and fast working her thighs and arse tight!

Dirty Mr Manning has pissed off the other three teachers by fucking his way through all the pretty students, so they decide to get their own back. They call the stunning Aleska Diamond into their study to question her and it soon unfolds that Mr Manning has left the beautiful Aleska very unsatisfied and still feeling very horny. Not wanting to disappoint poor Aleska all three teachers take full advantage of the situation in a spectacular foursome where no holes are barred. Three delicious cocks are better than one in this explosive double penetration scene.

Blonde cutie Viktoria Diamond comes to an agreement with her teacher that if she complains about the perverted Mr Manning and gets him sacked, in return her grades will be A class. First Sir sits her down on his lap revealing her little white knickers, slowly creasing her pink juicy pussy before fucking it hard on the sofa chair. All in all this has been a good day for the lovely Viktoria and she enjoys every minute of it! 