The Sims 3 Electronic Arts has developed and originally in 2009 for Windows and Macintosh, published by the life simulation. Later in the game has also been made in versions for Xbox 360, Playstation 3 and Wii. Pets version of the game is in addition to those published in the Nintendo 3DS to.
The basic idea of ​​the game is the same as in earlier parts of the franchise. The player takes care of her character, Sim, basic needs and directs this life. The player can control simiään entirely their choice of life direction, and take home a Sim's dreams and seamless neighborhood.
The Sims 3's release was the EA for the economically very important, because the game was sold in the first week of 1.4 million copies.

How to play

Compliance with the previous game The Sims series of components of the pattern, in which the player must take care of your character, or created a Sim's basic needs, which is, however, a series of previous games, compared to a smaller role. This gives simeille more time to move outdoors and spend their leisure time to an entire city-sized game of life in the region, in addition. Sims can choose from a wide variety of careers, such as sports, career and military career. Sims will develop in their careers, depending on how the player seems to SIM selection of work. The player can choose a menu via the sim will work, for example, whether sim overtime and tasks, or is he just a compulsory period of work, and work alongside a lot of talking with workmates to do their work. Depending on the player's choices, if the sim does its job well enough, he may get a promotion, salary increase or improve their relations.
Skills will help your Sims career, at home, as well as socially. Sim development skills such as playing the guitar, you notice how the sim to play better, learning each time the better. The game area is a small town with a variety of residential areas, workplaces, and associations, as well as leisure places for Sims to spend time with.
The new features in a more clever artificial intelligence. When a player focuses on one of the economy, other economies are developing a more sims smarter artificial intelligence on their own, older, get married, have children, go to work, etc. This also provides an opportunity to follow a Sim's life, although this change away from home. Simeillä is also a cell phone, where they will be able to take pictures, play simeille as well as other service provider. Sims pregnancy also have been more realistic, sim experience during pregnancy such as nausea and back pain. Simeillä also have the option generates the hospital. The game can also be changed away from home and choose this policy leaves rest of the family in the lurch.
19. March 2008, Electonic Arts has revealed more reforms in the game, which also included a study of the neighborhood. For the first time in franchise player's Sims can open their homes to go outside. Wandering can be done either on foot, by bicycle, by car or taxi. At the same time announced that the game would no longer load windows. The game you can buy stuff Sims points a game website. Through the Internet, players can also exchange goods with other players and put the site itself muokkaamiaan objects that other players can be downloaded for free.

Developed by Electronic Arts
Visceral Games
Published by Electronic Arts
The game engine RenderWare
Version of the Windows / Mac OS X
1.4.6 (5.8.2009)
iPhone OS:
1.0.85 (June 2009)
Release the P-2 A June 2009
AU & 4 PM June 2009
EU 5 June 2009
Genre simulation game
Type single-player game
Platform Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, Android, Nokia 5800 XpressMusic, Symbian ^ 3
Storage Media DVD
System Requirements
Windows XP
2.0 GHz P4 processor or equivalent,
1 GB of RAM,
6.5 GB of hard disk space and 1 GB of custom content,
128 MB video card that supports Pixel Shader 2.0
Windows Vista
2.4 GHz P4 processor or equivalent,
1.5 GB of RAM,
6.5 GB of hard disk space and 1 GB of custom content,
128 MB video card that supports Pixel Shader 2.0
Mac OS X
Mac OS X 10.5.7 Leopard or higher
Intel Core Duo processor
2 GB of RAM
6.5 GB of hard disk space and 1 GB of customized content and recordings
ATI X1600 or Nvidia 7300 GT with at least 128 MB of RAM, or Intel Integrated GMA X3100.

This is the sims 3 extra part, requires the sims 3 game.



Note:
I thank all who download and distribute this add-on.
All comments are welcome as well as the poor.:)

Thank you (OldBen)
