English | 2009 | 272 pages | PDF | 54 MB

One of the biggest mistakes guy make is that they treat the phone number like it's a hostage and they are a Navy Seal trying to extract it. They come in, talk to the woman just long enough to peak her interest, ask her for the phone number and move on right after typing it in their phone. This is a sure fire way to guarantee you have a flaky number at best. She probably won't even answer calls or return your texts.
Tonight after you take a woman抯 phone number put your phone back in your pocket and stay there and keep talking to her. Wait a minute or two, then take your phone out as if you are checking the time or you just received a text message. The woman won't question it, just keep talking. Then send her a text message, don't tell her of course, put your phone back in your pocket and keep talking.

What do you send her?

This will depend on how far along you are with that particular woman. The more physical we have been with one another, the more edgy I would be. If it was flirty, but it wasn't that on yet I would keep it slightly teasing and flirtatious.

Example: (Light flirting) (The woman was wearing a blue dress and at some point in the conversation she told me she was from San Diego)

Braddock: This cute girl from San Diego in a sexy blue dress won't stop flirting with me. What should I do? Smile -Braddock?

She's going to check her phone expecting it to be from someone else. When she notices that it's you, she will almost always smile and text you back. Now, you two are having a normal conversation verbally, but flirting with each other and role playing through text all while you are standing within 2 feet of each other.

By the time you guys leave the venue you will have a text chain of 5 maybe even 10 texts already rolling. The next day when you go to text her it's not just some mystery number, it's a continuation of the text message chain from the night before. She is 100 times more likely to respond to you then some guy who took her number, walked off right after, and then text her out the blue from a number she doesn't recognize.

