Abraham-Hicks Law Of Attraction In Action EP1 VOB 2DVDs

EnJoy and Please Seed!


The 12 Episode titles of the Law of Attraction in Action Series are:

1: Great Expectations!
2: Keys to Freedom!
3: Reality Check!
4: Chill Out!
5: Revealing Secret!
6: Path Enthusiasm!
7: Everything You Want!
8: Joyous Adventure!
9: Telling a New Story!
10: Let Loose!
11: Who You Really Are!
12: Getting into the Vortex!

Great Expectations! The Law of Attraction in Action - Episode One 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/LOAIA-1.html
Los Angeles, California (2006-02-04)

Part 1

00:00:00 What Is It I'm Doing Wrong?
00:12:14 Keeping Up With My Attraction
00:26:35 Don't Give a Rip About Their Opinion
00:30:25 Can an Actor Portray Negative and Attract Positive?
00:38:59 How Does He Shake Angry Feelings Toward His Dad?
00:43:43 Dad Attracted Son's "Unworthiness"?
00:49:12 Speaker Wants to Attract More Speaking
01:01:15 Prefers Depression Over Rage?
01:15:51 68 Seconds & Law of Attraction
01:20:17 Practice Appreciation Prayers
01:26:33 Appreciating Every Step Taken
01:35:50 Kevin Was, "Twying to be Bwave"

Part 2

00:00:00 Law of Attraction and My "Wants"
00:12:14 How Are the Chosen Ones Chosen?
00:14:00 Focussed Humans vs. Resistance-Free Beasts
00:23:46 Mantras and "Meaningless" Words?
00:32:46 He Once Healed with His Hand
00:40:15 Teen's Attracting Difficulties
00:52:39 Is Dad Attracting Dependency?
01:00:28 Is Time Really on Her Aging Side?
01:15:23 Does Abraham Dream in Time?
01:18:02 Was Taught as Judeo-Christian
01:25:35 When Your Mate Wants Different Things
01:33:09 Is It Possible to Overcome Physical Laws?
01:37:22 His Negatives Come Up First
01:44:54 Can Law of Attraction Be Scientifically Proven?
01:54:18 Just So You Know


"YOU GET WHAT YOU EXPECT — THAT'S LAW OF ATTRACTION"

EPISODE ONE CONTAINS:
Attracting rage: Can an actor delve into all the angry, dark emotions without attracting unwanted things into his "real" life?
Mad at Dad: How do you stop attracting all that old father/son emotional baggage? "Let's break this down," says Abraham, "because it's really hard not to give a rip about someone that you've wanted to love your whole life."
Caged and muzzled: You've attracted your passion at work but you've been stopped cold-and it's making you sick!
Stuck in depression: "If depression seems more comfortable to you than anger, it means you care more about how other people feel about how you feel than you care about how you feel about how you feel." Moving through anger to get to the other side.
It's only words? Are mantras just meaningless words? Does saying "want" keep you from having? What about words used in prayer? How do the specific words we use affect what we attract?
Tough to love? Drinking, drugs, broken curfews . . . "A lot of my life revolves around a difficult 19-year old daughter who's had a difficult path." A few pointers from Infinite Intelligence.
Tick Tock? The nature of time; aging; the universe expanding . . . linear time for timeless beings. Abraham helps us get a handle on "the perception of time" — slowing time down, and "walking through tomorrow — today."
THE Book: How do the teachings of Abraham jive with traditional Christianity . . . or with any religion, for that matter? With an amusing "early days" tale of Jerry and Esther somehow finding themselves on a "Bible-belt" phone-in radio show!
Can The Law of Attraction be scientifically proven? A more detailed analysis of "The Law." And how do emotion and matter interact to attract?
And much much more . . . Answers and inspiration from the Non-Physical entity Abraham -- whom Esther Hicks calls "infinite intelligence" and Jerry Hicks refers to as "the purest form of love I've ever encountered".


This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community. For more Abraham-Hicks Torrents see webpage at:
Or google for them: 
http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=Torrents+Abraham-Hicks

Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community's intention is to connect with those who are attracting Abraham's material via torrents. If you would like to receive group emails about new torrents, participate in discussions, download files... as Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community members do then go to: 
https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/abeallows

There are some of us, who would like to have ALL of the Abraham's material at fast download speed via torrents and well organized. If you would like to take part in making this vision materialized sooner, then please let me know by E-mail AbeAllows@gmail.com

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!

Abraham, Jerry & Esther Hicks 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

In 1985, Jerry and Esther Hicks began dialogs with Abraham. But who, or what, is/are, Abraham . . . really? Abraham is a name. A symbol. A feeling. Abraham is a Non-Physical entity — whom Esther calls "infinite intelligence" and Jerry refers to as "the purest form of love I've ever encountered."

Louise Hay calls them "some of the best teachers on the planet today."

To Dr. Wayne Dyer they are "the great Masters of the Universe!"

The Teachings of Abraham are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.

Abraham, a group of obviously evolved teachers, speak their broader Non-physical perspective through the physical apparatus of Esther. Speaking to our level of comprehension, from their present moment to our now, through a series of loving, allowing, brilliant yet comprehensively simple, recordings in print and in sound -- they guide us to a clear connection with our Inner Being -- they guide us to self-upliftment from our total self.

Check out Abraham for yourself. It's the only way to go and the only way to know.

And finally—from Jerry—"Mr. Practical": "I don't know what they are and I don't care what they are. I'm just using them for the good it will do for myself and others."


Jerry and Esther never used the word channeling, because it means many things of which they are not. You don't call the magnificent master musician a channeler, but he is. He's channeling the broader essence of who he is into the specifics of what he is about.

Jerry and Esther deliver an inspirational message of joy and well-being. They travel to over forty cities every year, offering workshops where participants direct their questions to Abraham and learn ways to achieve all that is desired in life.

"The Teachings of Abraham" is the original source material for the current Law of Attraction wave that is sweeping the world, and it is the 21st century inspiration for thousands of books, films, essays and lectures that are responsible for the current paradigm shift in consciousness.

Here at www.abraham-hicks.com you will find accurate clarification of the basics of the Law of Attraction and practical applications as well as up-to-the-moment leading-edge expanding information regarding the Law of Attraction. (Also known as "The Teachings of Abraham") This is the fountainhead of the information upon which the hit movie, "The Secret" was based.

Law of Attraction says, "That which is like unto itself is drawn." Everything is valid and everything is truthful, because Law of Attraction lets everything be. The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.

Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!