[size=5][i]Summary:[/i][/size]

Amazon.com
There is nothing in South Park's seventh season to offend Tom Cruise (nothing about Scientology, at any rate; that will come in season 9). However, Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck, Rob Reiner, the Queer Eye guys, Christopher Reeve (!), war supporters and anti-war protesters, and Mormons, do not get off so easy. But, "Who cares?" as the townspeople sing in "I'm a Little Bit Country." What matters is that with this particular episode, South Park attained the precious, syndication-ready 100-episode mark! Another milestone: "Raisins," in which Wendy breaks up with Stan, who falls under the influence of the "Goth kids" ("If you want to be one of the non-comformists, all you have to do is dress just like us and listen to the same music we do").

Even by South Park standards, season 7 is pretty hardcore. In "Christian Rock Hard," Cartman is so determined to attain platinum album status before Kyle and his band that he forms a Christian rock group. The band's repertoire makes Tom Lehrer's once-scandalous "Vatican Rag" sound like "Oh, Happy Day." But mostly, South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone take Cheney-like potshots at pop-culture notables. In "South Park Is Gay!", we discover what is really behind the "metrosexual" phenomenon and the true identity of the Queer Eye for the Straight Guy quartet. In "Butt Out," Rob Reiner is portrayed as a corpulent goo-filled "fascist" willing to the sanction murder (of Cartman) to further his anti-"Big Tobacco" agenda. As you can guess from the title, "Fat Butt and Pancake Head" is a merciless deconstruction of "Bennifer," as Cartman's Jennifer Lopez hand puppet dethrones the real thing, and attracts the amorous attention of Ben Affleck. "All About Mormons" anticipates the Scientology episode, "Trapped in the Closet" (not included here, and if lawyers have anything to say about it, might not be included in a season 9 set, either) with a straight-faced musical dramatization of the Joseph Smith story. "Everyone thought we were making stuff up to be funny," Parker and Stone relate in their mini commentary (optional for each episode). "But we're not. We're not making this stuff up in this show." Which is perhaps why the episode "Cancelled," which posits that Earth exists only as reality-TV fodder for aliens, doesn't seem so farfetched. --Donald Liebenson
Product Description
All fifteen episodes from South Park's hilarious seventh season are now available for the first time in this exclusive 3-disc collector's edition. Classic moments such as Cartman's attempt on Kyle's life, Jimmy and Timmy joining the "Crips" and the boys' experimentation with metrosexuality are all featured in Season Seven. So join Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny for these and many more disturbing events. For them, it's just all part of growing up in South Park.

[size=5][i]Audio For All Episodes:[/i][/size]

Encoding - VBR (Variable BitRate)
Codec - 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
BitRate - 107kb/s
Language - English

[size=5][i]Video For All Episodes:[/i][/size]

Video Stream - MPEG-4
Codec - XViD (XviD ISO MPEG-4)
Average BitRate of Video Stream - 771kb/s
Frames per Second - 23.976
Resolution - 512 x 384

[size=5][i]Episode List:[/i][/size]

"I'm a Little Bit Country"
Original Air Date: 3-19-2003
In order to get out of school, the boys enter an anti-war demonstration.

"Krazy Kripples"
Original Air Date: 3-26-2003
The kids become embroiled in the life of a disabled celebrity who breezes through town and gets all the attention.

"Toilet Paper"
Original Air Date: 4-2-2003
The boys are under investigation for covering their teacher's house with toilet paper.

"Fat Butt and Pancake Head"
Original Air Date: 4-16-2003
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck come to town.

"Lil' Crime Stoppers"
Original Air Date: 4-23-2003
The guys start their own detective agency.

"Red Man's Greed"
Original Air Date: 4-30-2003
The boys try to save the town from developers.

"South Park is Gay"
Original Air Date: 10-22-2003
Cartman, Stan and the gang return for new episodes as the seventh season continues. In this episode, the whole town suddenly discovers it's all the rage to be gay.

"Christian Rock Hard"
Original Air Date: 10-29-2003
Cartman puts together a band; Stan, Kyle and Kenny get into trouble for downloading music from the Internet.

"Grey Dawn"
Original Air Date: 11-5-2003
The boys try to have South Park's senior citizens stripped of their driver's licenses after they go on a dangerous rampage.

"Casa Bonita"
Original Air Date: 11-12-2003
Cartman seeks revenge for not being invited to Kyle's birthday outing.

"All About Mormons"
Original Air Date: 11-19-2003
Mormon neighbors move into town, causing the citizens of South Park to become Mormons themselves. "Butt Out"
Original Air Date: 12-3-2003
The guys rebel after an anti-smoking campaign begins at their school.

"Raisins"
Original Air Date: 12-10-2003 When Stan's girlfriend breaks up with him, his friends try to cheer him up by bringing him to a local restaurant where lovely ladies hang out.

"It's Christmas in Canada"
Original Air Date: 12-17-2003 Ike's Canadian birth parents come back to claim him, prompting the residents of South Park to collect money to get him back.

[size=5][i]Other Information:[/i][/size]

I burned this complete season to a DVD-R and it works perfectly on XBOX 360 as long as you have the multimedia update available from XBOX Live. If you do not have the update it is simple to get. Simply put the DVD-R into your XBOX 360, then go to video library, current disc, and play an episode and if you do not already have the update it will direct you to the download page of it. The update is free of charge. ENJOY!!!