Screaming Bee MorphVOX Pro v4.3.13
 
http://www.screamingbee.com/webimage/MorphPro40/MorphVOXProScreenShot.jpg

MorphVOXTM Pro will change your voice online and in-game. Take your voice-changing to a new level with superior voice-learning technology, background cancellation, and sound quality.

Download free voice and sound packs adding hundreds of new voices and sounds to MorphVOX. Tweak each of these voices to your heart's content to produce many voice combinations.

Try out the "Backgrounds" feature which lets you add any background sound while you talk. Fool your friends: sound like you're in the middle of a traffic jam or shopping at the mall.

Superb voice changing algorithms and ultra-quiet background cancellation make it one of the cleanest-sounding voice changers available on the market. Its high-quality sound is perfect for creating voice-overs for your latest video or audio project.

Optimized for online games. Use it for changing your voice to role-play and add fun to online games. Sound like the character you play in-game whether you choose to be a grumpy dwarf or a mighty giant. 

New Features! 	
See what's new with MorphVOX Pro 4.0. 	
		
New professional interface using standard windows controls.
Expanded file format support including MP3 reading!
Backup/Restore all your settings to a single file.
Better list management for all your voices and sound effects.
Plug-In support, allow for more features now and in the future.
Multiple-user support, easily switch between different speakers.
Plus many more!

Superior Voice Changing Quality 	
		Click on the links below to listen to MorphVOX Pro superior voice changing quality.

* Morphed audio may vary with each speaker, and yes it really is the same speaker before and after! Because your results may vary, we suggest that you try the software first before you buy it. 	
		
		Man to Woman
		Woman To Man
		Ordinary guy to Galactic Overlord
		Lich Lord Evil Laugh
		The Demon
		Cyborg Warrior
		Man to Woman in Heavy Traffic
	
	
	 	Compatibility with many programs 	
		MorphVOX Pro voice changing software can be used with all online games including World of Warcraft, EVE Online, Second Life, Lord of the Rings Online, Everquest, Counter-Strike, Battlefield 2 and many more.

It also integrates with VoIP and Instant Messaging programs such as Skype, Ventrilo, TeamSpeak, Yahoo Messenger, MSN Messenger, AIM, XFire, GoogleTalk, Roger Wilco and more.

In the studio, MorphVOX Pro integrates with multimedia applications such as Sound Forge, Vegas, ACID, Audacity, IClone and much more. 	
	 		
	 	
		Standard Features 	
		MorphVOX Pro has many premium features that distinguish it from other software products on the market: 	
	 	
		Advanced voice-learning algorithms for best quality sound
		Full integration with online games and chat programs
		Low bandwidth and CPU usage for excellent performance
		A large library of free voice and sound effect packs
		Backgrounds - sound like you are somewhere else
		Add your own sounds effects and backgrounds
		Advanced vocal tract filters for unlimited tweaking
		After Effects: add environmental effects to your voice
		Quick Voices: switch your voice with a single keystroke
		Quick Effects: Play any effect with a single button
		Audio Alarms: announce the time or play a clip.
		Morph audio files or record your morphed voice to a file.

Windows 2000, XP, Vista (32/64), Windows 7 (32/64)

Website:  http://www.screamingbee.com/product/MorphVOX.aspx

Installation Info:
1)run setup and Don't launch
2) copy over the crack file exe to the main install folder and overwrite the other one
C:\Program Files\Screaming Bee\MorphVOX Pro  or  C:\(x86)Program Files\Screaming Bee\MorphVOX Pro
3)and install which ever free addons i included from different voices to different sound effects and one skin
4) Enjoy from Slickinator

thanx to LineZeRo  for the crack



