-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: This.Is.England.2006.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 1.80 GiB
Duration: 1h 42mn
Subtitle: Dutch,English,Romanian,Russian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)
Taglines: Run with the crowd, stand alone, you decide.

Storyline:

This is England: Mods, New Romantics, and Skinheads are the major youth sub-cultures of this very English summer of 1983 and young 12-year-old Shaun is left wandering aimlessly alone and lost during the start of his school 
holidays, until his chance meeting with Woody and his fun and friendly Skinhead pack. Finding a new lease of life; girls, parties, Ben Sherman shirts, Doc Martin boots and shaven hairstyles young Shaun is welcomed, life 
during this summer holiday has got a whole lot better. That is until Combo arrives on the scene bitter, dangerous, racist, militant and psychotic life for young Shaun has just approached his first major crossroads. 
This is England is a look back at the early eighties of British working-class life through the eyes of young Shaun and his new gang, and dealing with the bitterness of outside influences such as racism and xenophobia, 
of mass unemployment and the fall out of the Falkland's War; Thatcher's Britain: Did we ever have it so good...

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/this_is_england/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0480025/

Cast:

Thomas Turgoose 	 ... 	Shaun 
Stephen Graham 	 ... 	Combo 
Jo Hartley 	 ... 	Cynth 
Andrew Shim 	 ... 	Milky 
Vicky McClure 	 ... 	Lol 
Joseph Gilgun 	 ... 	Woody (as Joe Gilgun) 
Rosamund Hanson 	 ... 	Smell 
Andrew Ellis 	 ... 	Gadget 
Perry Benson 	 ... 	Meggy 
George Newton 	 ... 	Banjo 
Frank Harper 	 ... 	Lenny 
Jack O'Connell 	 ... 	Pukey Nicholls 
Kriss Dosanjh 	 ... 	Mr. Sandhu 
Kieran Hardcastle 	 ... 	Kes 
Chanel Cresswell 	 ... 	Kelly

Genre: Crime | Drama
Directors: Shane Meadows
Rating: No Rating
Language: English
Awards: Won BAFTA Film Award. Another 7 wins & 14 nominations
Original source: This.Is.England.2006.BluRay.1080p.x264.dxva-EuReKA

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 187 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 11.3 Mbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 24.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.103

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 334 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 422 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

Usefull sites with subtitles in many languages if you need one:
And if you're a little bit smart you can find more with your best friend google:) 
http://subscene.com/ 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/en 
http://www.mysubtitles.com/

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,ResourceRG,Rx,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.