Electric Ladyland is the third and final album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience, released in October 1968 on Reprise Records, catalogue 2RS 6307. It is the last Hendrix studio album professionally produced under his supervision. It topped the Billboard 200 album chart for two weeks in November 1968. The controversial original UK album cover photograph was of a group of nude women, which was soon replaced by a more modest fiery portrait of Hendrix singing.

Released as a double album, Electric Ladyland is a cross-section of Hendrix's wide range of musical talent. It includes examples of several genres and styles of music: the psychedelic "Burning of the Midnight Lamp," previously a UK single in the summer of 1967; the extended blues jam "Voodoo Chile;" the New Orleans-style R&B of Earl King's "Come On;" the epic studio production of "1983... (A Merman I Should Turn to Be);" the social commentary of "House Burning Down;" and the Sixties-era Britpop of Noel Redding's "Little Miss Strange." The album also features an avant-garde reworking of the Bob Dylan classic "All Along the Watchtower," which has been well received by critics as well as by Dylan himself, as well as "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)", a staple of both radio and guitar repertoire.

A dispute nearly occurred over the album's title. In the final stages of production, a studio technician renamed the album "Electric Landlady.[citation needed] The album was almost released under this official title until Hendrix noticed the error, which upset him considerably. Kirsty MacColl later used this alternate title for an album of her own.

Although Hendrix used material recorded earlier, including the aforementioned 1967 single, work began in earnest during the spring of 1968 at the newly opened Record Plant Studios, situated close to his favorite New York clubs. It was recorded by Jimi's favorite engineers Eddie Kramer and Gary Kellgren. Despite a claim by Record Plant engineer Chris Stone that Kellgren engineered "90%" of Ladyland, the studio records show that most of the work was done by Kramer, only three tracks including the one by Redding having Kellgren as engineer.

During the recording of the album, Hendrix fell out with producer Chas Chandler and bassist Noel Redding. Pressured by a hectic tour schedule, Hendrix still wanted to have a life, so he combined work with pleasure by inviting his friends and acquaintances to the studio. Chas Chandler hated spending so much time in the studio and partly blamed it on these guests, but Jimi was determined to have his way. Chandler complained that Hendrix's insistence on doing multiple takes of every song, combined with what he saw as Hendrix's drugged incoherence, led him to sell his share of the management company to his partner Michael Jeffery. Chandler quit in May 1968, leaving Hendrix sole producer on the project.

Hendrix' studio perfectionism was legendary – he and Mitchell recorded well over 50 takes of "Gypsy Eyes" over three sessions, Hendrix generally insecure about his voice and often recording his vocals hidden behind studio screens. Hendrix sings all the backing vocals himself on the title track and on "Long Hot Summer Night". He was said to be very happy with the vocal results on "Have You Ever Been to Electric Ladyland."

Many of the album tracks show Hendrix's vision expanding far beyond the scope of the original trio and saw him collaborating with a range of outside musicians including Dave Mason, Chris Wood and Steve Winwood from Traffic; future Band of Gypsys drummer Buddy Miles; Jefferson Airplane bassist Jack Casady; and former Dylan organist Al Kooper. Cooperation between Hendrix and bassist Noel Redding, who was of the same opinion about time spent in the studio as Chandler, was strained during production. Hendrix plays bass on many tracks, including the bass solo on "1983". At times Hendrix recorded bass tracks simply to make things proceed faster. Redding plays acoustic guitar and sings lead vocals with Mitchell on his own track, "Little Miss Strange."

The UK edition reached #6 on its release amid considerable controversy. A letter Hendrix wrote to Reprise described exactly what he wanted for the cover, but it was mostly ignored. He expressly asked for a color photo by Linda Eastman of the group sitting with children on a sculpture from Alice in Wonderland in Central Park, NY, even drawing a picture of it for reference. The company instead used a blurred red and yellow photo of his head, taken by Karl Ferris. Track Records had its own art department, which produced a cover depicting 19 nude women lounging in front of a black background. Later reissues for compact disc in 1997 and 2010 feature Ferris cover worldwide, and the Hendrix family has indicated that they will no longer use the nudes cover.

In 2005 Q magazine readers voted Electric Ladyland the 38th greatest album of all time; in 2003 the TV network VH1 placed it at number 72. In 2003, Rolling Stone declared it the 54th greatest album of all time. The album is included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Also, The Source magazine ranked it #40 on their Critics Top 100 Black Music Albums of All Time list in 2006.

As was common with some multi-LP albums, sides one and four were pressed back to back on the same platter, likewise sides two and three. This was called "auto-coupling" or "automatic sequence" and was intended to make it easier to play through the entire album in sequence on automatic record-changers. In this case it has led to some CD releases of Electric Ladyland that have the sides in the incorrect one-four-two-three order. The cassette tape version altered the running order to keep both sides of the tape as equal as possible, a standard practice.

On the original LP version, "1983... (A Merman I Should Turn To Be)" is 13:39 and "Moon, Turn the Tides... Gently, Gently Away" is 1:01, the total being 14:40. On the Nudes version, "1983" is 4:49 while "Moon, Turn the Tides" is 9:54, the total being 14:43, just three seconds longer than the original.

by WIKIPEDIA

TRACKLIST:

01 - ...and The Gods Made Love.wma                          
02 - Have You Ever Been (To Electric Ladyland).wma          
03 - Crosstown Traffic.wma                                  
04 - Voodoo Chile.wma                                       
05 - Little Miss Strange.wma                                
06 - Long Hot Summer Night.wma                              
07 - Come On (Let The Good Times Roll).wma                  
08 - Gypsy Eyes.wma                                         
09 - Burning Of The Midnight Lamp.wma                       
10 - Rainy Day, Dream Away.wma                              
11 - 1983...(A Merman I Should Turn To Be).wma              
12 - Moon, Turn The Tides... Gently Gently Away.wma         
13 - Still Raining, Still Dreaming.wma                      
14 - House Burning Down.wma                                 
15 - All Along The Watchtower.wma                           
16 - Voodoo Child (Slight Return).wma 

WMA 320Kbps 44100Hz STEREO


