Though season 9 may not be the best period in a long line of groundbreaking television, it is still worthy of the X-Files name. Knowing this was the last season had many fans prematurely disgruntled, and the expectation for \"going out with a bang\" was extremely high. Lots of longtime issues came to a head (Scully\'s single motherhood, new X-files agents at the helm, Agent Skinner is now a believer, Mulder MIA, etc.), and many new issues and plots arose. Learning the facts of his son\'s death, Agent Doggett (Robert Patrick) seeks out the missing Agent Mulder (David Duchovny) to help him expose the corrupt Deputy Director Kersh (James Pickens Jr.). Knowing that her gifted son William is a target of a religious cult, Scully (Gillian Anderson) enlists the help of the Lone Gunmen for protection. The missing Mulder is finally located. Unfortunately, he is being held in custody by the military on murder charges, which leads to the grand finale: the trial, not for a man guilty of murder, but for a man guilty of seeking the Truth.

The naysayers have plenty of valid complaints (particularly about the \"Super Soldiers\" segue), and many hated that the Mulder/Scully pairing was gone, but there are a few aspects that are universally positive, and there aren\'t many complaints about their replacements, Agent Doggett and Agent Reyes (Annabeth Gish). In fact, many feel that the show could have easily continued if the show\'s writing had been better. The final episode was more or less a 90-minute recap of the X-Files phenomenon. After \"The Truth\" ended, disappointed hardcore fans couldn\'t help but feel it was a set-up for an upcoming movie, but casual fans should find the episode very helpful in linking together the mythos that entranced and confused viewers for years. It may not be up to par with the first six seasons, but season 9 is still a lot better than most television shows. If you have the nerve to revisit this season, you will be pleasantly surprised. --Rob Bracco
Product Description
Now you can own the entire ninth season of THE X-FILES™. All 19 classic episodes (including the 2-hour series finale) are available for the first time in this exclusive 7-disc collector’s edition. From the revelation about Scully’s baby in \"Nothing Important Happened Today\" and the mystery surrounding the murder of Agent Doggett’s son in \"Release\" to Mulder’s final confrontation with those who would deny \"The Truth,\" these Season Nine episodes are a must for every X-Files fan!