Okdo Document Converter Professional 4.0 incl Serial

March 11, 2011 By: admin Category: Office Tools

Okdo Document Converter Professional 4.0 incl Serial

Okdo Document Converter Professional 4.0 incl Serial

“Okdo Document Converter Professional” is the most advanced converter. Own the most powerful conversion function. you can batch convert among any document, image, PDF, website etc with ease. The program can convert with high output quality and very fast speed. It is a standalone program which does not need Adobe Acrobat software support. Own all the functions of Okdo Sofware series.

Key Features of “Okdo Document Converter Professional“:

Batch convert any format file once to save your time.
Support lots of formats as doc,docx,docm, xls, xlsx, xlsm, ppt, pptx, pptm, pdf, rtf, txt, htm, html, url, jpg, jpeg, bmp, gif, tif, wmf, emf, png, jp2, j2k, pcx, rle, tga, ico, swf video etc.

Support encrypted PDF.
Output PDF by default way; Output PDF by text way; Output PDF by image way.

Custom to set the output PDF password for protection by user/owner password.

Convert multi-page PowerPoint,Word,Rtf, TIFF, and GIF to multi-page PDF.

Convert each slide of PowerPoint to one single PDF file.
Convert PowerPoint to Word/Rtf/Excel by default way; Save the slides page layout way; Extract the character of the slides to convert way; Convert the slides content by image way.
Extract the text of PDF to convert.
Convert each page content of Word/Rtf to single file.
Support merge each sheet of one Excel file to one file.
Automatically adjust the sheet page size of Excel to adapt the output page.
Custom the PDF/Word/Rtf page margin.
Convert Word/Rtf to Powerpoint/Excel by default way; Save the original document layout; Extract the character of Word/Rtf to convert.
Support merge multi-URL snapshot images to one PowerPoint file.
Custom to adjust the PowerPoint slide size and direction.
Custom to use the image as PowerPoint background.
Support merge the converted images to one single PDF/Powerpoint/Gif/Tiff.
Convert multi-page PDF to multi-page Word/Rtf/Powerpoint/Gif with accurately preserving the original Text, Tables, Graphics & Layout.

Convert one multi-page PDF/Powerpoint/Word/Rtf to one multi-page TIFF without losing any content, layout etc.
Convert to SWF video: Allow to play automatically; Use Flash6 format to compress; Automatically adjust image size as SWF size.

Convert PDF/Powerpoint/Word/Rtf format files to SWF with preserving the original text,image,layout etc.
Convert TXT file content to multiple frames SWF.

Convert TXT file to one multipage Powerpoint/Tiff.

Custom displayed character number of each slide when convert TXT to multi-page powerpoint.

Support split TXT to multi-page powerpoint using delimiter (eg:~~).

Support split TXT to multi-page powerpoint using blank line.

Support insert footer text to slide.

Convert multi-page Tif/Gif to multi-page PowerPoint/Word/Rtf/Excel.

Convert each page of Tiff/Gif to one single Image file.

Support merge multi-page PowerPoint slides to one HTM by default mode,by extract the character mode,by image mode;

Adjust the output image quality.
Set the image watermark.
Set the output image size.
User-defined Ico transparent color.
Set ICO color depth as default color,gray,16 color(4 bits),256 color(8 bits),true color(24 bits or 32 bits).

Key Features:

User-friendly interface.

Support add the entire folder to convert.
Extract the characters of PDF file to convert.
Convert PDF to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Text, Jpeg, Tiff, Gif, icon, pcx and so on with accurately preserving the original Text, Tables, Graphics & Layout.

Save List: Save the converted files to a list
Load List: Load the saved list files directly to convert.

Precise control the output quality with user-defined parameters settings.

Support convert Docx, Docm, Xlsx, Xlsm, Pptx, Pptm of Office 2007/2010.

Support Win98/ME/NT/2000/XP/2003/Vista (x64)/Windows 7 platforms.