Artist: Falling In Reverse
Album: The Drug In Me Is You
Year: 2011
Ripped from: Spotify
Ripped by: KingBoob


1. 	Raised By Wolves
2. 	Tragic Magic
3. 	The Drug in Me is You
4. 	I'm Not a Vampire
5. 	Good Girls Bad Guys
6. 	Pick Up the Phone
7. 	Don't Mess With Ouija Boards
8. 	Sink Or Swim.mp3
9. 	Caught Like A Fly
10. 	Goodbye Graceful
11. 	The Westerner


Bitrate: 	320kbps
Lenght:		45min
Cdcover: Yes, 600x600, JPG



iNFO:
Falling in Reverse (formerly From Behind These Walls) is a Hardcore/Screamo band from Las Vegas, Nevada formed by ex-Escape the Fate vocalist, 
Ronnie Radke after being released from prison. 
The band consists of vocalist, Ronnie Radke, Nason "Nasty" Schoeffler on the bass, guitarists, Jacky Vincent and Derek Jones and Scott Gee on drums. 
They are set to release their first album in early 2011, 
although they posted a song on their Myspace, "Listen Up", which was recorded by Ronnie Radke and Michael "Elvis" Baskette.



Band History
Ronnie Radke formed Falling in Reverse after he was sentenced to prison for two years. 
During his incarceration, Escape the Fate, his former band, replaced him with former Blessthefall singer, Craig Mabbitt. 
He was thinking of just getting a real job, but his friend, Nason Schoeffler, convinced him to continue his dream.

Once Ronnie got over his bitterness toward everyone and everything, he called his friend, Nasty, and asked him to be in his band. 
Nasty had always been a good friend to him, he visited him and put money on his card in there when Max (His best friend for ten years) didn't even send a letter or attempt to make any contact with him. 
They started to get a band together, and named it From Behind These Walls, but due to legal reasons, they were forced to change the name that is now Falling In Reverse. Ronnie says that he likes the name more because it has more of a meaning to him, being in a band named this in previous years. 
He also stated that they were going to name Escape The Fate this, but came up with the other name instead. Many people already have come and gone in the band so far, (Anthony, Nick, Gilbert, Oskar.. Check the band member tab to see why)