Bodo Schafer - Seminar On "Financial Independence" in Kiev, Ukraine, 26 Jan 2008

Year: 2008
Country: Ukraine, Kiev
Publisher: Network News
Genre: Business Seminars
Length: 2:18:58

Language / Translation: Simultaneous translation from English to Russian

Additional Information: 
Workshop held in Kiev, 26 January 2008.


Instead of describing the seminar itself, I will give you two descriptions of His book: 

Overview:

English edition of European best seller - over 1.5 million copies sold to date. Your first million in seven years. This inspiring book shows the road to prosperity, financial freedom and financial security. Europe's leading Money Coach reveals secrets on building a fortune. 
Bodo Schäfer, millionaire, author and 'money-coach', was able to live off the interest from his capital by the time he was 30 years old. For the past few years he has been giving seminars on the subject of finance, mostly in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Belgium and The Netherlands. He currently lives and works in Cologne, Germany. 
Wealth is your birthright - end your financial worries now! This book shows you the road to prosperity, financial freedom - and financial security. Europe's leading Money Coach Bodo Schäfer reveals proven secrets on building a fortune. He provides you amazingly simple but effective techniques to profitably manage your money.
How you can make your first million in seven years
11 surprising methods with which you can immediately increase your income
How you can live off the interest you earn with your money in an incredibly short time
How you can achieve at least 12 percent interest
How you can quickly discharge your debts and simultaneously make a new fortune
Insider knowledge on investments that banks will not reveal
May you take up your Birthright and make your life a Masterpiece.

-------------------------------------------------

"The Road to Financial Freedom" is written by Bodo Schafer, millionaire, author and Europe's No.1 money-coach. This book reveals tried and proven secrets to building a fortune and delivers easy, instant effective techniques for the use of money and how to achieve "Your first Million in Seven Years"
It is NOT a book about a get rich quick scheme though, it is about the fundamental aspects of yourself, your life and of course your finances. It is easy to read, easy to understand and easy to apply which is why I strongly believe that it is a great book that everyone should read, whether they have just decided to make a change or whether they are already in the process and well on the way.

With over 1.5 million copies sold, "The Road to Financial Freedom" has changed many people's lives and it can change yours as well.

And why "seven years" to achieve your first million?

Well, most people over-estimate what they can do in a short period of time and under-estimate what they can do over a longer period of time. To become wealthy, healthy and happy is not rocket science but it will take more than a couple of days to get there. Successful people know persistence is important and small successes keep them going and lead to bigger successes.
I personally read this book and found it was extremely practical and easy to understand. Not only that, it gives clear action steps that anyone can take. I found myself connecting with the author and many times realised that I had just read something that I knew for quite some time, but had not managed to make sense of up until that moment. Make sure you have pen and paper at your side as you read because it is not a novel about money. You will have work to do as you read your way through and skipping these steps would be very foolish indeed.


-------------------------------------------------

Quality: DVDRip
Format: AVI
Video Codec: XviD MPEG-4 codec
Audio: MP3
Video: Xvid 512x384 25.00fps 943Kbps
Audio: MPEG Audio 48000Hz stereo 256Kbps


-------------------------------------------------

Бодо Шефер - семинар «Финансовая независимость» [2008, DVDrip]
picГод выпуска: 2008
Страна: Украина, Киев
Издательство: Network News
Жанр: Бизнес семинары
Продолжительность: 2:18:58
Язык/Перевод: синхронный перевод c английского на русский язык
Дополнительная информация: семинар проходил в городе Киев; 26 января 2008г.
Описание: Бодо Шефер – один из ведущих консультантов в Европе, писатель и бизнесмен. Его семинары проходят во многих странах мира. Бодо Шефер является практиком в области тайм-менеджмента и по управлению финансами, обладает неординарным мышлением, за что и получил широкую известность. Его книги "Мани или азбука денег", "Путь к финансовой независимости", "Как научиться зарабатывать больше", "Законы победителей", "Деньги идут женщинам на пользу", а также записи семинаров популярны во всем мире, в том числе и в России. Для многих людей они стали учебными пособиями по финансовым вопросам и управлению своим временем.
В 26 лет Бодо Шефер стал банкротом, задолжав кредиторам 75 тысяч марок. Через два с половиной года впервые в жизни заработал за месяц 100 тысяч марок, а затем и первый свой миллион. Сегодня Бодо Шефер делится своими знаниями, он проводит семинары во многих странах мира, в том числе в Германии, Бельгии, США, Австралии, Турции. Что касается России, то Шефер считает, что сейчас ни одна страна не идет вперед так быстро, как она. Россияне с жаждой наверстывают упущенное и познают новое. Сейчас в России - самое лучшее время для того, чтобы стать миллионером.

Качество: DVDRip
Формат: AVI
Видео кодек: XviD MPEG-4 codec
Аудио кодек: MP3
Видео: Xvid 512x384 25.00fps 943Kbps
Аудио: MPEG Audio 48000Hz stereo 256Kbps 