
1940 - Road to Singapore - Bob Hope, Bing Crosby

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1440kbps 
Duration.............: 1:25:17
Resolution...........: 640*480 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,050,804,192 
SUBTITLES............: English, Spanish, French
 
http://bayimg.com/MaLLMaada
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032993/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Road_to_Singapore

Cast

Bing Crosby	Josh Mallon V
Dorothy Lamour	Mima
Bob Hope	Ace Lannigan
Charles Coburn	Joshua Mallon IV
Judith Barrett	Gloria Wycott
Anthony Quinn	Caesar
Jerry Colonna	Achilles Bombanassa


Road to Singapore is a 1940 Paramount Pictures film starring Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour, and Bob Hope, which marked the debut of the long-running and popular "Road to …" series of pictures spotlighting the trio.

Josh Mallon (Bing Crosby) and Ace Lannigan (Bob Hope) are the best friends and work aboard the same ship. As their ship returns to the US after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends pledge never to get involved with women again. Unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately. First, Ace is confronted by the family of a former lover, Cherry, who insist he marry her. Then Josh, who is the son of rich shipping magnate Charles Coburn, has to fend off his fiancee, Gloria (Judith Barrett), and his father's wishes that he settle down and take over the family business.

Things get worse when Josh and Ace get caught up fishing and turn up late for a party to celebrate Josh's engagement. Gloria's hostile drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes photographs that cause a scandal. Josh and Ace flee to Hawaii and then head for Singapore.

However, the pair only get as far as the island of Kaigoon before their money runs out. They rescue Mima (Dorothy Lamour), an exotic local (but not native) from her abusive dance-partner, Caesar (Anthony Quinn), and she moves into their hut. Soon Mima is running the two men's lives, much to their chagrin. The trio try to make money in several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover that is so bad it dissolves clothes.

When Josh's father finally locates his wayward son, he and Gloria fly out to bring Josh back to face his responsibilities. The resentful Caesar leads them to where Ace, Josh and Mima are enjoying a local feast. By this point, both Josh and Ace have fallen in love with Mima. She is heartbroken to learn that Gloria is Josh's fiancee.

Ace proposes to Mima, but before she can accept, Josh returns. The two friends almost come to blows over Mima, but then decide that she should choose between them. Mima picks Ace. Josh boards an ocean liner with Gloria and his father.

Meanwhile, Caesar informs the local police that Ace is on the island illegally. Ace is arrested when he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape. He and Mima flee aboard a ship, but Ace comes to realize that Mima really loves Josh.

When Josh's ship docks at a tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot remover that disintegrated his suit jacket. Josh realizes that Ace and Mima must be on the island. When he finds them, Ace tells his best friend that Mima really loves him.

Running Gags

The "Road to..." series of films had several running gags that appeared in nearly every movie. Most of these originated in Road to Singapore. These include:

Pat-a-cake - Ace and Josh play patty-cake as a distraction before starting a fistfight;

References to Bing's waistline (in this movie, Crosby himself pokes fun at his 'spare tire'); and

Confidence tricks - the two main characters are usually con-men, although in this movie it is not their starting profession.
