File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:05

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2328 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.46 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Torn" is a song by the band Ednaswap from their debut album Ednaswap (1995). It was their second single from that album, after "Glow". "Torn" was written by Scott Cutler, Anne Preven, and Phil Thornalley during a demo session in 1993 before Edna Swap was formed. The lyrics were written by Preven. Thornalley and Cutler produced the session. In 1997, it was covered famously by Natalie Imbruglia after having been recorded by Scandinavian singers Lis Sørensen in 1993, and Trine Rein in 1996.

In 1997, Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia covered the song for her debut album Left of the Middle. Released as a single, Imbruglia's version became a worldwide hit. At the time of its release, U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart rules did not allow airplay-only songs to chart, so the song was prevented from achieving a high position on that chart despite remaining atop the Hot 100 Airplay chart for eleven weeks.

For the track, Natalie Imbruglia received a Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, losing to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On". The music video for "Torn" features British actor Jeremy Sheffield.

The Natalie Imbruglia version was recorded in Kilburn, London with David Munday (Lead Guitar), Phil Thornalley (Bass, Rhythm Guitars), Chuck Sabo (Drums), Henry Binns, Sam Hardaker (Zero Seven) (Drum Programming) and Katrina Leskanich (Background vocals). It was mixed by Nigel Godrich.

Comedian David Armand performed a comedy mime interpretation of the song, in character as "Johann Lippowitz, Vienna's foremost interpretive dance artist", which was circulated widely on the internet. At Amnesty International's Secret Policeman's Ball 2006, Imbruglia and Armand performed a live duet of the song.

Reggae fusion artist Terro 3000 sampled the song in 2008 on his song This Is How I Feel.

The music video features a continuous shot that never changes its angle of vision. Taking place in a residential space, possibly Natalie's home. The video cuts to different schemes of furniture and people with the residential area. The video begins with the view of a multi roomed area, Natalie enter's from an open door in the center background. Throughout the video Natalie sings as her location in the set changes. Her love interest enters climbing up the stairs on the right. Initially their relationship is quite well. From out of the frame comes a crew worker who moves her love interest out of position and away from Imbruglia. This implies that their relationship is being controlled or staged, as on a film or television program. As the crew members continue to move the lover's and furniture around, their relationship begins to become distant and awkward. Shots then cut back and forth to Natalie singing towards the camera, and relationship troubles, and the intervening crew members. Randomly the living area begins to shake, with the crew members expecting the background. The area is now being dismantled and is revealed to be nothing more than a set within a sound studio. Here Natalie begins to dance feeling some what of control in her life. She continues to dance as the shots cut to her dancing in both the complete and dismantled set, and with her male love interest. Imbruglia eventually stops dancing and walks off the incomplete set. The video ends with Natalie and her love interest staring and sighing into the camera vacantly. This format implies that the relationship wasn't real, and actually artificial and unrealistic as of relationship on television or in a film.

The video of the song was rated the second best video of all time by MTV Italy.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/