Manfred Mann's Earth Band -  Fritz the Blank [promo].VOB


Very HQ very rare promo music video. "Fritz the Blank" is a song from Chance, an album released in 1980 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.

1980's Chance showed a move towards a more electronic approach, and produced several cuts that were hits in the UK and/or saw significant airplay in both the US and UK. The songs "Lies (All Through The 80's)," "Stranded," and "For You" (a Springsteen song) still receive significant airplay over 25 years since their release.

This instrumental 'Fritz The Blank' introduces a new synth tone for Manfred, and is quite creative with its mix of blues, funk, and pop. This promo features a cool, unique cartoon which i didn't find on youtube when i researched it.

Manfred Mann's Earth Band is a British progressive rock group formed in 1971 by Manfred Mann.

Having started in the 60's with a British Invasion band that had such hits as "Do Wah Diddy Diddy" and "The Mighty Quinn", then moving on to Jazz Fusion with Manfred Mann\'s Chapter Three, Manfred's third band, "The Earth Band' is still alive and recording. In his 2003 biography, former member of Manfred Mann's earlier Manfred Mann Band and Beatles-associate Klaus Voormann alleged to have inspired Mann for the Earth Band's name by having besought Mann several times throughout the 1960s that Mann's soft pop style of those days had to become more \"earthier\" and rockier, not least of all because of the seemingly effeminate image of Mann's earlier band which had led to a number of close encounters with violence particularly in Ireland.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chance_(album) 
      
http://bayimg.com/IAEGNaaDD 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25.00fps 7500kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:02:46




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated January 31, 2011!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
