,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,

....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....

Muvee Reveal v8.0.1.17654 2421

Released on 06/05/11 for exclusive usage by
members of the release scene. This isnt something
to share with your school mates and not for sale.
Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it

Company ..: Muvee
Url ......: http://www.moneydance.com

Release Information

Many video software programs are complicated and
take a long time to learn, muvee Reveal is
different. In most video software you have to go
through a steep learning curve to learn the
software and then spend a great deal of time
working on timelines, tweaking effects and using
sync markers just to make a short home video. muvee
Reveal eliminates all the complexity and lets you
concentrate on telling your story.

Constructed after years of working with and
consulting professional video editors using manual
video software tools.
Video software should let you do what you want to
do  make a home video, make it look good and share
it with friends and family. muvee Reveal is so
simple it does not even come with an instruction
manual.

Download, install, add media, add music, play, and
upload, embed, burn or what ever takes your fancy.
It's video software for anyone looking to create
professional looking home movies without the fuss.

Install Notes

1. Unpack & Install
2. Refer to serial.txt

Group Notes

Currently, we have open positions to fill:

- You are a advanced cracker, and you are
interested to work on challenging software
protections, including retail (non public)
supplies, and/or iso utils.

You are familar with the common crypto
algorithms, or you are able to defeat commercial
software protection systems, such as Armadillo,
ASProtect, FlexLM, etc.

- You work at a software distribution place,
electronic store, software magazine, or any other
place where you are able to get fresh, unreleased
copies of applications, be it the mainstream, or
the more special stuff. Or if you have access in
any other way to registered user areas or such to
obtain retail software, which you are able to give
as a supply - be it for internal use only, or for
release usage.

- You work at a ISP, University or any other company
with at least 50mbit up/down and are able to
provide/share this connection for our usage.
People with an upstream below 50mbit do not need
to apply.

- You are able to provide hardware for our internal
usage.

- You are useful in any other way.

If one of the above fits your qualifications, do
not hesitate to contact us by mail/msn at:

dvthush.ai

when contacting via MSN, please make sure to have
OTR (http://www.cypherpunks.ca/otr/) installed,

Signed,
- TEAM DVT -