The Pillars of the Earth

2010 TV mini-series in Matroska format - English Audio - Optional Dutch subs

Set against a backdrop of war, religious strife and power struggles which tears lives and families apart.

Episode 1 : Anarchy
Episode 2 : Master Builder
Episode 3 : Redemption
Episode 4 :Battlefield
Episode 5: Legacy
Episode 6 : Witchcraft
Episode 7 : New Beginnings
Episode 8 : The Work of Angels

 
http://www.the-pillars-of-the-earth.tv/
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1453159/


The Pillars of the Earth is an eight part 2010 TV miniseries, adapted from Ken Follett's novel of the same name. In 2011, the series was nominated at the 68th Annual Golden Globe Awards.

The story is about the building of a cathedral in the fictional town of Kingsbridge, England. It is set in the middle of the 12th century, primarily during the Anarchy, between the time of the sinking of the White Ship and the murder of Thomas Becket. The book traces the development of Gothic architecture out of the preceding Romanesque architecture and the fortunes of the Kingsbridge priory against the backdrop of actual historical events of the time.

Set during the reign of King Stephen and the Anarchy, the novel explores themes of intrigue and conspiracy using historical events to explore medieval architecture, civil war, secular/religious conflicts and shifting political loyalties.

1. The succession to the crown of England is in doubt and causes King Henry I's daughter and nephew to compete for the throne. Church politics see Philip, a monk, elected the new prior, which leaves him indebted to Archdeacon Waleran. Lady Aliena of Shiring rejects the marriage proposal of William Hamleigh. Tom Builder and his family are left destitute when William Hamleigh dismisses them from building his house. While in the forest, they meet Ellen and Jack, a mother and son living wild in the woods. After the death of Tom's wife, Agnes, in childbirth, the group end up at Shiring Castle just as it is attacked by the Hamleighs in revenge for William's humiliation. 

2. Tom, Ellen and the children make their way to Kingsbridge Priory and encounter Tom's abandoned baby taken in by the monks. A fire destroys Kingsbridge church, giving Tom, son Alfred and stepson Jack the chance to build a new cathedral. Prior Philip learns the power of politics when he gets caught between Bishop Waleran and the Hamleighs’ quest for Shiring Castle. Kingsbridge is rocked by the accusation of Ellen being a witch. William and his underling, Walter, take Aliena and Richard by surprise in a brutal attack that leaves the siblings shaken. Aliena makes a promise to her father, Earl Bartholomew. Ellen makes a daring escape with the help of Prior Philip and others. 

3. Aliena protests her father’s imprisonment. Prior Philip and William find themselves in a standoff over access to stone in the Shiring quarry. Waleran and Regan plot to have the cathedral moved from Kingsbridge to Shiring. Jack’s artistic talents take hold as he begins to carve a statue to honour the cathedral relic. King Stephen visits the cathedral worksite but collapses in a fit of terror. Aliena starts a fleece business to help earn money for Richard’s expenses as a knight. William is concerned that he'll burn in hell for his many sins. 

4. Maud is besieged at Lincoln Castle and Robert of Gloucester can't come to her aid for some time. William applies to have his father’s title of Earl transferred to him and discovers a mysterious knight is also a rival for the Earldom. Meanwhile, Regan arranges to have Waleran absolve William of all past and future sins in an effort to conquer William's fear of hell. King Stephen, frightened by Jack’s appearance, orders an assassin to kill him. The battle between King Stephen and Maud sees each side’s leader being taken hostage. Philip is tortured into a confession when Waleran tells Maud that he is the man who betrayed Earl Bartholomew. 

5. Waleran and Regan engineer the prisoner exchange so that they remain on the winning side of the war. Tom wants Jack and Alfred to be friends but their rivalry over work and Aliena is too intense. Meanwhile, William decides to attack Kingsbridge to stop the fleece fair and Aliena’s success. The Hamleighs and Prior Philip are granted rights to Shiring land but at a price. Alfred's jealousy of Jack reaches new heights. 

6. Richard returns from war to find his sister penniless and unable to support his knighthood. Alfred offers himself to Prior Philip as master builder. Aliena has to choose between her love for Jack and her oath to her father. Regan forces Waleran to speak to the King about William’s long-delayed Earldom. A disaster at Kingsbridge becomes a way for Waleran to remove Prior Philip from his position. 

7. As a result of his travels, Jack has learned how to fulfill Tom Builder’s dream of a cathedral filled with light. Aliena tracks Jack by following the trail of his carvings. Waleran offers Philip a new position but it means that Philip must always obey Waleran. Kingsbridge becomes prosperous again, infuriating Regan and William, who plan an attack meeting resistance from Richard, Jack and Philip.

8. Ten years later, Jack’s fixation with the cathedral leaves him little time or energy for anything else, while Aliena’s fixation with the distant Earldom of Shiring has married her to Alfred, a man she hates. Waleran and Alfred develop a plot to get rid of Jack for good and it seems to be working until evidence comes to light that makes all wrongs rectified. 


MKV format - Video codec H.264
Picture size 720 x 576
Audio AC3 English - Dolby Pro Logic 160 Kbps
Subs: Dutch



Enjoy and Seed!!