Yesspeak is a film chronicling the then current lineup of the progressive rock group Yes (featuring Jon Anderson, Steve Howe, Rick Wakeman, Chris Squire, and Alan White) directed by Robert Garofalo and narrated by Roger Daltrey. It was premiered in theatres across the United States on January 26, 2004, and was followed by a closed-circuit live acoustic performance by Yes in front of a small studio audience (resulting in the DVD Yes Acoustic: Guaranteed No Hiss).

Divided into ten chapters, the programme systematically covers the background, history, and outlook of the group before an extended interview with each of the five members of the group. There are also discussions with members on the band's music and glimpses of the band's 2003 world tour.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FOR NEWCOMERS TO RIPPED VIDEO PLAYBACK...

Please note:The two videos off the two dVD's were ripped whole disc with DVD Fab
and then the main features encoded using handbrake, the settings made in handbrake make a good medium between quality and compression, i edged the quality first and compression second.The videos are in the .mkv container and i put the audio into .wav format at 16bits 44.100 stereo so you can write them to two cds if you want or just convert them to MP3 to save space on your drive.

To play the videos on windows media player make sure you download the free k-lite codec pack(search this on google) just use the 32bit version for xp/vista or windows 7, cos windows media player is 32bit in all the affore mentioned op systems, when installing k-lite codec pack do a custom install and dont install media player classic if you want to use media player as installed on your op system, but make sure you click the box that says matroska ie: mkv.Finish install reboot your computer play the videos.Or you can just download VLC media player which is far less fussy than WMP and this will play almost any video on earth.

Thanks and please comment on the quality of the video and audio and bare in mind that this was ripped from a 480i source from standard dvd5 and not from HD, i just wish i had the HD version to rip but unfortunately not, personaly i dont think you will be un happy with the quality.
This took six hours to complete and only a comment of thanks is required.
Released by honestlyidontknow.