Car Audio Fiberglass Fabrication II

Fiberglass Fabrication II is the follow up video to Fiberglass Fabrication I (also available with Fiberglass Fabrication I at a special price). This DVD covers more advanced fiberglass projects and is designed to take those with basic fiberglass experience to the next level of fabrication. Recommended for professional installers and those wanting professional results from their own vehicles.
fiberglass subwoofer enclosure 	This DVD covers three fiberglass projects in depth. The first is the creation of a vehicle molded subwoofer enclosure. These space saving and stealthy enclosures will have you installing subwoofer boxes in places you never thought possible. You'll be walked through the process of creating an enclosure with less than $50 in materials (comparable to a $300-500 retail enclosure).
fiberglass enclosure subwoofer 	The second project is a combination subwoofer enclosure and amplifier rack. You'll learn how to combine a triple woofer enclosure with a flush mounted amplifier rack in a single piece. You'll learn how to frame up the project, wrap it, strengthen it, prime it, paint it and get it ready for a show quality system. You'll be able to make this project with less than $100 in total material cost.
fiberglass door panel tweeter pod 	The final project is the creation of custom door panels and tweeter pods. You'll learn how to blend textures and colors and how to make sure the door fits properly after completion. You'll learn how to cut, bond, texture and dye match your projects so that your new door panels don't look like they were bolted on. Total cost to make these custom panels and pods, together, is less than $50 a set.

All three projects are high value, low cost pieces that are designed to take you to the next level of fiberglass fabrication. It's highly recommended that you have access to an air compressor for several of the tools used in this video (air sander, paint gun, etc.). A materials list is also included that will show you where to purchase the fiberglass and other specialty materials used (both locally and online). And all of our videos were created by an MECP certified Master Installer so you'll know you're learning to do it the right way.

Here are some of the topics and techniques you'll learn that will save you time, money and aggravation.
Materials and Tools

    Fabrication materials
        Fiberglass cloths
        Resins and body fillers
        Plastic adhesives and fillers
        Primers and paints
        Textures and dyes
    Tools needed
        Hand tools
        Power tools

	fiberglass car audio paint gun
Fiberglass Molded Enclosure

    Creating the mold base
        Protecting the vehicle
        Laying up the fiberglass
    Speaker mounting rings
        Creating perfect circles
        Flush mounting
        Level mounting on uneven surfaces
    Wrapping the enclosure
        Low cost, high yield cloth
        Strengthening the enclosure
        Use of body filler
    Finishing the enclosure
        Mounting speaker terminals without screws
        Wrapping the curved enclosure

	car audio fiberglass subwoofer enclosure
Fiberglass Enclosure and Amp Rack

    Style techniques for your enclosure
        Making perfectly rounded corners
        Angling the woofers
    Framing the shape
        Mirror imaging the woofers
        Flush mounting the amplifier rack
    Wrapping the frame and enclosure
        Securing the fabric
        Trimming the fabric flush for less finish time
    Strengthening the enclosure
        Stiffening without fiberglass
        "Inside out" technique
    Painting the project
        Priming for paint
        Painting techniques for a professional finish
    Final finishing
        Combining materials
        Inverting the woofers and hiding the wires

	fiberglass subwoofer enclosure amp rack
Custom Door Panels and Tweeter Pods

    Choosing your driver mounting location
        Flush or angle mounting
        Utilizing stock cut outs
    Creating a sail panel tweeter pod
        Duplicating the stock panel
        Forming the pods
    Bonding MDF to plastic
        Removing the stock panel sections
        Special filler material needed
    Integrating with the vehicle cosmetics
        Creating a factory texture
        Applying factory matched colors
    Achieving a factory fit