SendOff.v1.0.1.MacOSX.Incl.Keymaker-CORE

Print real USPS postage from your Mac for all your online orders.


Mac OS X shipping software that enables you to print shipping labels with real USPS postage from your Mac for all your online orders. Load addresses directly from your order files, set your shipping information, and print in batch.

No more cutting and pasting addresses one at a time into your postage printing software
Now you can load addresses directly into SendOff from your order files

Print USPS shipping labels for all your packages in one batch
Set the package type, mail class, and weight for all your orders, then print all the labels at once.

Print postage for all your orders from one place, regardless of the venue on which they were sold.
You'll have records of all your printed postage in one place.

Favorites
Save commonly used combinations of shipping information to a pop-up menu for later use.

After your labels are printed, export shipment information for your orders.
Transfer this information to a spreadsheet or, if you sell on Amazon or eBay, to a file you can upload to confirm your shipments.

Load orders from a flat file generated from ANY ecommerce platform
Amazon, half.com, and ebay file formats are predefined in SendOff, but you can define and save your own custom formats.

You can print from the Mac onto 4x6 thermal labels using a Zebra printer
No more taping paper labels to packages, or putting clear tape over your labels for protection. SendOff uses Endicia for Mac to print labels, and the Zebra printer is supported by Endicia.

Keep track of your order information along with your shipment information.
After your orders are loaded, you can combine multiple orders into a single shipment, or if you need to split an order into separate shipments, SendOff will keep track of which items are in each shipment.

Autosave
SendOff saves your loaded orders and their postage settings, as well as the print log, regularly so that you won't lose your work.

SendOff is fully integrated with Endicia for Mac
When the shipment information has been set for your orders, click on print. SendOff first shows you your Endicia postage balance (so you can buy more if you need to) and after confirmation, SendOff communicates directly with Endicia for Mac to print your labels. There's no need to export a file and load it into Endicia for Mac yourself (though you CAN do it this way if you want to).

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                          
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1350+ torrents                                                                                          
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it\'s users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It\'s in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It\'s an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That\'s for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let\'s just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what\'s said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the \"United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users\"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	