MacOS X Snow Leopard 10.6 [MULTiLANGUAGE]
  
http://www.apple.com/macosx/ 

Name: Snow Leopard Mac OS X 10.6
Category: Operating Systems 
Language: Multilingual 
Operating System: MAC OSX 
Format: DMG 

Mac OS X Snow Leopard is a version even more powerful and sophisticated operating system advanced world. In ways large and small, which is faster, more reliable and easier to use. The new core technologies to unleash the power of current technology and develop advanced hardware Mac OS X for future innovation. And Snow Leopard supports for the latest version of Microsoft Exchange Server, so you can use your Mac at home and at work. 


Product Features 
- Mac OS X Snow Leopard is built on a rock solid UNIX foundation test of time. 
- Improvements include greater responsiveness of the Finder, new look and features of Exposé. 
- New fundamental technologies to unleash the power of current technology and develop advanced hardware Mac OS X for future innovation: 
- With virtually no effort on his part, Mac OS X protects itself - and - against viruses, malware and other threats 
- Mac OS X Snow Leopard supports for the latest version of Microsoft Exchange Server. 
- The 64-bit multi-core optimization, OpenCL, QuickTime X, and 
- Provides unprecedented stability and the industry-leading support of Internet standards 
- The battery backup for Time Machine faster, faster common tasks and the installation, install a smaller footprint and more abundant 
- You can use Mail, iCal and address book at home and at work. 

Top Mac OS X Updates 
Mac OS X is the world's most advanced operating system. Built on a solid UNIX foundation and designed to be simple and intuitive, is what makes the Mac innovative, highly secure, compatible and easy to use. 

Better, faster, easier. 
Mac OS X Snow Leopard includes hundreds of enhancements that will help make your Mac faster, more sensitive and more reliable than ever. The installation is up to 50 percent faster than with Mac OS X Leopard, waking from sleep is up to two times faster, the station is up to 80 percent faster, and initial backup to Time Capsule Time Machine are up to 80 percent faster than Leopard 2 
Dock. 

Search. 
The search engine has been completely rewritten to take advantage of new technologies for Snow Leopard. Finder's familiar interface is unchanged, but find that the Finder is faster and more sensitive. It also includes an improved icon view live previews of files, so you can browse a document of several pages or even watch a QuickTime movie. 

The new core technologies. 
new technologies based on Snow Leopard unleash the power of today's advanced hardware and Mac OS X to prepare for future innovation. 

QuickTime X. 
The next generation of technology media, QuickTime X powers of audio and video experience in Snow Leopard. It introduces an entirely new QuickTime Player is an application interface is clean, tidy and easy way to trim and share their media. 

Out of the box support for Microsoft Exchange. 
Snow Leopard includes out-of-the-box support for Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 in Mail, iCal and Address Book, making it easier than ever for your Mac to work. 

Safari 4. 
The latest super-fast Internet browser up to 50 percent faster Javascript performance2 and is more resistant to shocks than ever. 

Universal access. 
Every Mac comes standard with a wide range of assistance and universal access to technologies that help people with disabilities experience what the Mac has to offer. Snow Leopard is this support with a variety of innovative features that further advance accessibility. 


System Requirements: 
------------------------------------ 
Mac computer with an Intel 
1 GB 
5 GB of disk space 
DVD drive for installation 
Some features require a compatible Internet service provider, may have cost. 
Some features require Apple's MobileMe service, rates and conditions apply.
