Includes:

Joe R. Lansdale - [Drive-In 01] - The Drive-In - A B-Movie with Blood and Popcorn, Made in Texas.pdf
Joe R. Lansdale - [Drive-In 02] - The Drive-In 2 - Not Just One of Them Sequels.pdf
Joe R. Lansdale - [Drive-In 03] - The Drive-In - The Bus Tour.pdf
Joe R. Lansdale - A Fine Dark Line.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Bad Chili.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Captains Outrageous.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Five Short Stories.mobi
Joe R. Lansdale - Freezer Burn.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - High Cotton - Selected Stories of Joe R. Lansdale.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Leather Maiden.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Lost Echoes.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Mucho Mojo.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Savage Season.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Sunset and Sawdust.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Sunset and Sawdust.mobi
Joe R. Lansdale - The Bottoms.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - The Crawling Sky.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - The Crawling Sky.rtf
Joe R. Lansdale - The Gentlemen's Hotel.rtf
Joe R. Lansdale - The Two-Bear Mambo.epub
Joe R. Lansdale - Vanilla Ride.epub

Friday night at the Orbit Drive-in: a circus of noise, sex, teenage hormones, B-movie blood, and popcorn. On a cool, crisp summer night, with the Texas stars shining down like rattlesnake eyes, movie-goers for the All-Night Horror Show are trapped in the drive-in by a demonic-looking comet. Then the fun begins. If the movie-goers try to leave, their bodies dissolve into goo. Cowboys are reduced to tears. Lovers quarrel. Bikini-clad women let their stomachs' sag, having lost the ambition to hold them in. The world outside the six monstrous screens fades to black while the movie-goers spiral into base humanity, resorting to fighting, murdering, crucifying, and cannibalizing to survive. Part dark comedy part horror show, Lansdale's cult Drive-In  books are as shocking and entertaining today as they were 20 years ago.

Joe R. Lansdale is the winner of the British Fantasy Award, the American Horror Award. the Edgar Award, and six Bram Stoker Awards. He lives in Nacogdoches, Texas.