I found this fine product with full library,and i'm sharing it with you people...
I installed it,and everything works fine for me,but if you have questions about it,just ask me in the comments,i'll be pleased to help you...

and please...

BE PATIENT WHEN DOWNLOADING...cause my upload rate is from 50-70 kbps,so don't panic...thanks :D

After downloading it,please seed to keep it alive! Peace

IK Multimedia SampleMoog Features:

SampleMoog
The Moog™ Synth Anthology 
16 rare, collectible Moog™ synths in one virtual instrument

SampleMoog™ includes the sounds of all the most sought-after vintage and modern Moog™ synthesizers spanning the entire Moog history, in an easy to use, sample-based virtual instrument “powered by SampleTank” available as a plug-in for the most popular DAWs and a standalone application for Mac and PC.

SampleMoog offers over 1,900 basses, leads, pads and effects sounds from the very first Moog Modular systems to rare Minimoogs to Taurus™ Bass Pedals, Polymoogs, Memorymoogs and more. Whether you want a lead sound or a phat R&B synth bass or swirling fx, this is the ultimate source for everything Moog! Load up monster Moog Modular patches, pull up the powerful rumbling sound of Moog Taurus 1 Bass pedals and shake the house! The SampleMoog takes you back in time to the days of analog and honors one of the founding fathers of synthesis, Bob Moog. An homage to the incredible range of instruments from the first Etherwave® Theremin to the latest Minimoog® Voyager®, this virtual instrument is a must-have for any fan of the “Moog Sound” as well as an analog synth powerhouse for any music style.
One of the most complete collections of Moog sounds ever released in one product, done in cooperation with Moog Music® and Sonic Reality
Over 1,900 sounds from 16 rare, collectable Moog synths, spanning the entire Moog history, accurately sampled and fully produced with 32 built-in effects
16 part multitimbral sample-based synth, allows extremely complex synth layering and advanced manipulation possibilities with STRETCH™ engine
Sounds can be read by SampleTank 2 and can be used to expand its world of sounds