All are unabridged. Most are from cassette tapes, except #11 and #12 which are from CD. All were patiently ripped by peterg23.
Most of these rare titles are recorded at 32 kbps / 22 kHz Mono CBR Fraunhofer except for #11 and #12 which are at 48 kbps / 44 kHz Mono CBR.
All are narrated by Terry Wale



* I started posting this wonderful series (read by the excellent Terry Wale), individually here back in 2008 and have had frequent requests to seed, so I have bundled all 12 of them together and uploaded them as a complete set - Peterg23.
The Slider mysteries have been hailed as one of the very best contemporary London police series - The Bill meets Inspector Morse!

#1. Orchestrated Death [1991], 10 hours 7 mins
Detective Inspector Bill Slider - middle-class, middle-aged, and, according to his partner Atherton, menopausal - is never going to make it to the Yard. Passed over for promotion again, saddled with an uncommodious wife and a ranch-style executive dog-kennel in Ruislip, the last thing he needs in his life, or on his patch, is an unidentifiable, naked female corpse. As he wrestles with an investigation in which the only clues are a priceless Stradivarius and a giant tin of olive oil - an investigation which takes him from the exotic back streets of Shepherd's Bush all the way to far-flung Birmingham - everyone, most of all Slider himself, is wondering whether this latest crisis will make or break the steely-eyed, furry-headed detective. And the unexpected advent of True Love might well prove one stimulus too many to his performance...

#2. Death Watch [1992], 10 hours 5 mins
When a noted womaniser dies in mysterious circumstances in a sleazy motel and the whole of his murky past comes to light, Slider begins to question more than whether the game is worth the candle. Right is right, and indivisible. As soon as he's solved the motel mystery, and found out what the Neary boys and gorgeous George are up to, Slider's going to have to start putting his own house in order...

#3. Necrochip [1992], 11 hours 2 mins
Detective Inspector Bill Slider faces the unhygienic fact of a dismembered corpse in a catering establishment - a case which takes him though the trackless wastes of Hammersmith to farthest Notting Hill, and plunges him into the sort of seedy underworld a sensitive chap would sooner avoid...

#4. Dead End [1994] , 9 hours 17 mins
A call-out to a murder saves Detective Inspector Bill Slider from having to finish his canteen lunch, but presents him with the problem of a dead conductor - some musicians say the only good kind. In life Sir Stefan Radek was seriously famous and terminally unpleasant, but neither of these facts seem reason enough to gun him down in broad daylight, cold blood and a neo-Byzantine church in Shepherd's Bush. As Slider delves into the megastar's private life he finds there's no shortage of suspects: everyone seems tastelessly glad that Radek is dead. Plenty of people are not telling the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, and lovers past and present - male and female - as well as a hotbed of family squabbles and financial shenanigans complicate an already tangled case....

#5. Blood Lines [1996], 10 hours 38 mins
With his violinist lady-love busy entertaining at Gleynbourne, Detective Inspector Bill Slider almost welcomes a call out to BBC TV Centre where a celebrated music critic appears to have topped himself - only minutes before due to appear live on a question show.
But there are signs that the body has been interfered with, and Slider suspects murder. One fellow panellist is known to have quarrelled violently with Greatrex just before his death, but won't say what about. Trouble is, two members of the production team also have motives for the murder; and nobody in the building has a proper alibi. Then a surprise new witness turns up to add to the confusion, by casting suspicion on one of Slider's own, a personal friend to boot.
Slider is under pressure to make an arrest, and all his instincts are at odds with the evidence. But a dangerous killer is on the loose, and could kill again...

#6. Killing Time [1996], 10 hours 28 mins
Slider was hoping for a quiet week. But erotic dancer Jay Paloma is murdered, only hours after complaining about poison pen letters, and Slider plunges into the seedy world of entertainment to question table-dancers, prostitutes, pimps, and cabinet ministers. Did Jay's murderer also whack popular "community cop" PC Cosgrave? What was Cosgrave's connection with prostitute Maroon Brown? Who exactly was blackmailing whom? And why on earth would an animal rights group storm a tacky Shepherd's Bush night club?

#7. Shallow Grave [1998], 11 hours 19 mins
Detective Inspector Bill Slider has always been keen on architecture - what Atherton calls his edifice complex - and the Old Rectory is the kind of house he would give anything to own. But the dead body of Jennifer Andrews, found in a hole on the terrace, rather spoils the view. It looks a straightforward case: Jennifer was a congenital flirt, and the hole was dug by her builder husband Eddie, who was violent and jealous. But questions remain unanswered. Why was Jennifer's body so unmarked? How did she reach her shallow grave unnoticed? And why would anyone want to be an estate agent?
.
#8. Blood Sinister [1999], 10 hours 41 mins
Award-winning ex-Guardian hack Phoebe Agnew had a name for championing the underdog - and for attacking the police in print. When her trussed and strangled body is found in her chaotic flat, Detective Inspector Slider must demonstrate the impartiality of the law and find her killer. On the day of her death the horribly undomesticated Agnew cooked an elaborate meal for someone. Was it her old friend (and reputed lover) Josh Prentiss? But Prentiss, a Government advisor, has powerful friends in the Home Office, and the pressure is on Slider to look elsewhere...

#9. Gone Tomorrow [2001], 11 hours 14 mins
When a body turns up in a gated Shepherd's Bush playground, DI Slider and his workaholic staff quickly realise that the victim was an unlikely candidate for murder. The baffling case of unlucky Lenny, a small-time dealer in stolen goods and drugs, blows open when, through a fortuitous but believable coincidence, Slider's sidekick and best friend, Det. Supt. Jim Atherton, discovers a connection between the victim and a mysterious crime syndicate. The meat of the story is how the methodical, intuitive Slider and his people identify the ringleader and unravel the mechanics of his organization, which ensures loyalty by viciously threatening its members.

#10. Dear Departed [2004], 10 hours 18 mins
Chattie Cornfeld was murdered while jogging in the park. She ran her own small marketing company and lived comfortably, perhaps too comfortably for her income. At first it looked as though she was the latest victim of the 'Park Killer', but it doesn't take Inspector Bill Slider and his colleague Atherton long to establish that someone was trying to pass the killing off as part of a pattern: only the pattern doesn't fit, this one was personal. Chattie was popular with all who crossed her path, and it was difficult to imagine she had gained any enemies. Turning to the two most popular motives for murder - money and passion - Slider and his team's investigation turn up some puzzling anomalies in her life, not least the number of men who counted themselves as her lover and the tangled relationships of her family. But none of the suspects can be made to fit what evidence they have, unless of course they've been mis-reading the evidence ...

#11. Game Over [2008], 9 hours 3 mins CD
The murder of any journalist is bound to whip the news media into a frenzy. So when ex-BBC correspondent Ed Stonax is found dead, the last thing Detective Inspector Bill Slider needs to complicate his life is the reappearance of an old enemy issuing death threats. Trevor Bates, aka The Needle, is on the loose and trying to kill him, and with a high-profile murder to solve, he must try to find a spare moment to marry Joanna before their baby is born - and stay alive long enough to do it...The eleventh Bill Slider Mystery finds the everyman hero grappling with corruption in high places as two old cases come back to haunt him.

#12. Fell Purpose [2009], 10 hours 42 mins CD
Bank Holiday Monday, and beautiful Zellah Wilding straight-A student, prefect, future Head Girl lies dead near the famous Wormwood Scrubs prison in London. What was this good Christian girl doing out there, dressed to kill, when she was supposed to be at a sleep-over with school friends? A secret boyfriend from a run-down estate and a recently-released rapist look tasty; or could the nearby fairground or prison have something to do with it? Detective Inspector Bill Slider and his team from Shepherd's Bush police station are soon investigating the murder of this young girl, not quite seventeen years old, strangled with a pair of women's tights....


Enjoy and Seed!!