Programs lsited in descending order(newest first)
01(first one of the year) through 52(last one of the year)


13. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 3) 
Texe Marrs takes a probing look at the bizarre and different and digs in the wall to reveal truth:
(1) The first ever movie on Soviet Gulag concentration camps receives little fanfare from Jewish-controlled media;
(2) The New York Post recently published a picture of Egypt’s deposed dictator, Hosni Mubarak, displaying the Masonic "Hidden Hand of Jahbulon." Texe Marrs exposed this Masonic pose in his bestselling book, Codex Magica;
(3) Why is an Israeli with dual citizenship in America an ambassador in the Islamic Middle Eastern nation of Bahrain? Why did he flee Bahrain after riots erupted?;
(4) Is Israel the only democracy in the Middle East?;
(5) A married Jewish woman in Israel who has consensual sex with a stranger—only to find out later he is a Arab—files charges against him, and he is convicted and sent to prison;
(6) Cass Sunstein, President Obama’s "Czar" of Information and Regulatory Affairs, is developing a plan to destroy the Conspiracy Movement. What is "Cognitive Infiltration" and how is it to be implemented?’
(7) Are the elite working to turn American cities into open air, high-tech concentration camps?

12. Solving the Mystery of Babylon the Great (Part 2)—How the Zionists and the Vatican Are Conspiring Together for a New World Order: 


11. Solving the Mystery of Babylon the Great (Part 1)—How the Zionists and the Vatican Are Conspiring Together for a New World Order: 
Texe Marrs interviews Edward Hendrie, author of the new blockbuster book by the same title. Hendrie an ex-Catholic, is not only a graduate of America’s most famous Catholic School, the University of Notre Dame, he also earned his J. D. law degree from a top Jesuit law school. Then he met the real Jesus Christ and everything changed. His ten years of meticulous research has produced astounding evidence and documentation that crypto Jews actually founded the Roman Catholic Church. Jewish infiltrators also set up the “Black Pope” and the Jesuit Order and carried out the bloody Spanish Inquisition. And now, Pope Benedict and Jewish rabbis are working covertly behind the scenes to produce the most evil and wickedly corrupt religious institution in the annals of human history—a combined Jewish-Roman World Church devoid of biblical truth. This is a “must” interview series. Hendrie’s shocking new revelations are the game-changers that will awaken and prepare the wise for the amazing future just ahead.

10. Secrets - Volume 175 
(1) Texe gives an update on his health. Thank you for your prayers and your remedies;
(2) Would a "small" nuclear war be beneficial in combating Global Warming?;
(3) Are environmentalists attempting to destroy the earth?;
(4) Should the U.S. evict Mexicans from homes in border towns and build settlements for Americans? Why is it okay for Israel to do this to Palestinians?;
(5) Is Barack Obama controlled by the Jews?;
(6) Why did Richard Nixon and Spiro Agnew get removed from the White House by the nattering nabobs and impudent snobs?;
(7) David Horowitz, a neo-con Jew, claims that Ron Paul is an anti-Semite after recent CPAC conference;
(8) Is Israel the only democracy in the Middle East?;
(9) A reviewer of Texe Marrs' book New Age Cults and Religions claims that Texe is cuckoo and that he hates 95% of human beings and they are all going to hell.
(10) Why was Charlie Sheen fired from CBS?

09. Hungry People Make Good Slaves—How Long Before the Food and Water Shortages Begin?: 
The scenario first warned about in Texe Marrs’ blockbuster book, Days of Hunger, Days of Chaos, is now almost here. Food prices have already risen over 40% this year and could sky-rocket overnight 100 percent or more! Shortages are here and people in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen, the Philippines and elsewhere are feeling the effects. The United Nations World Food Authority says it is prepared to act to ration the world’s food. Will America’s supermarkets one day discover they can’t buy any food at any price to restock their shelves? Will drinking water also be in short supply? And why have Wall Street billionaires bid up stock share prices on food producing companies and on fertilizer and other agriculture-related products to an outrageous high? What do they know that will soon take place? How should you and I prepare for the elite-induced famines and starvation sure to come?

08. The Police State is Now a Work of Art: 
The nightmarish Orwellian Police State that Texe Marrs prophesied would come is now at our doorstep. Drone aircraft and satellites are watching us 24/7; the TSA is sexually abusing fliers and subjecting men, women, and children to hazardous X-ray screenings at airports; $300 billion is being spent annually to construct new gulag concentration camps and strengthen new Police State bureaucracies; New Smart ID cards are prepared with iris scan technology and computer chips; children are encouraged to spy and report on their parents’ suspicious activities; New high tech machines read minds and detect "thoughts;" Bible-believing Christians are being diagnosed as "insane" and may be committed to State hospitals; U.S.A. local cops are now receiving armored personnel vehicles, and soon may be issued tanks and laser death ray guns; Crowd control weapons, including "sleeping gas," are now on the shelves of government enforcement agencies; Mind control pharmaceuticals are being stockpiled; Washington, D.C. now has capability and "key" to instantly "kill" thousands of internet websites already targeted as "anti-government" or "potential terrorists" or as "too influential and independent." A spider’s web of evil is being woven so that no one can escape!

07. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 2)
Texe Marrs takes a probing look at the bizarre and different and digs in the wall to reveal truth:
(1) Ron Paul Advisor says that Rothschild and Zionists killed JFK;
(2) Fox News magnate Rupert Murdoch is proven to be a Zionist Agent;
(3) Obama shuts down U.S. oil production, orders electrical generating plants to sit idle and allows Americans to freeze;
(4) One mom strangles 18-year old daughter, another shoots her two kids in head: What kind of demonic horror is lurking?;
(5) True colors come out—George W. Bush’s daughter and wife promote homosexual marriages; Former President Jimmy Carter wants a gay U.S. President!;
(6) Man found guilty by jury for exposing Judaism as a “satanic death cult;” faces prison time;
(7) Criminal killer Donald Rumsfeld given “Defender of the Constitution Award” by nation’s largest conservative group;
(8) Senator Rand Paul (R-KY), son of congressman Ron Paul, performs heroic act. He calls for the U.S. to end foreign aid to Israel. Good for him!;
(9) Fox icon Glenn Beck’s new book promotes New Age doctrines;
(10) Pope Benedict’s Vatican astronomer says Rome will welcome extraterrestrial life forms into the church;
(11) Is Global Warming—now called “Climate Change” by environmental crazies— proven by the extreme cold weather we have been experiencing?

06. Secrets - Volume 174 
(1) Red Chinese dictator Hu Jintao visits President Obama at White House. First lady Michelle Obama wears "commie red dress," and at a state dinner, Chinese pianist plays a song purposely insulting America;
(2) Ghost cities in China—entire sprawling cities are being built across China, complete with modern factories, schools, skyscrapers, paved streets, homes and office buildings. But, they are all unoccupied! What is going on?;
(3) The Rothschilds’ Goldman Sachs, world’s most powerful bank, buys world’s largest warehouse construction company and builds 200,000 giant warehouses in Red China. They are being filled with reserve stocks of steel, aluminum, copper, lumber and other materials! What is going on?;
(4) How does China get the money to build, build, build? Are the Illuminati building up this Communist country as part of a Master Plan to dethrone and takeover America?;
(5) Muslim girl is electrocuted in an "honor" killing, with approval by her parents and town elders. The horror of Islamic extremism!
(6) Hawaiian Governor Neil Abercrombie, a liberal democrat, has egg on his face after he fails to produce Obama’s birth certificate. He now admits that no birth certificate exists;
(7) Texe Marrs has a simple, three-step plus one plan to save America. Find out what it is and see if you agree.

05. Empire of the Elite (Volume 2)—Rothschild's Four Pillars of Power and the Takeover of America: 
Texe Marrs examines the four pillars, or levers, of Rothschild and elitist power wielded over America—economic, political, military and police, and mind control (religion and media). This is the beatdown of America. As a New World Order is forged, citizens are driven to desperation and over 225 years of American sovereignty are coming to an end.

04. The Jews Are Preparing a Grave for America: 
Texe Marrs interviews Michael Collins Piper, researcher and journalist whose book, The New Babylon, documents the criminality of the Rothschild Empire and unmasks the heinous goals of the Jewish elite. Throughout history, wherever Zionist plotters and crypto Jews have gained a foothold in government—in Turkey, the Soviet Union, etc.—genocides and horror have quickly ensued. Now, powerful Jewish interests have a stranglehold on American government, the economy, and our culture. We are all in grave danger!

03. No! I Will Not Trust in God — The Clear Facts About Killer Jared Lee Loughner You Will Not Hear and See Reported on T.V.: 
Texe Marrs investigates and reports that Jared Lee Loughner is a satanist, a Jew, a dope-head, a heavy metal and satanic rock music addict, and a hater of God. Why won't the media tell us the facts and nothing but the facts?

02. Down the Rabbit Hole (Volume 1) 
Texe Marrs begins a fascinating new series looking at the bizarre and different. This month:
(1) Lewis Carroll's classic book and movie, Alice in Wonderland, told us that strange things are found the deeper we go down the rabbit hole;
(2) The United Nation Global Conference on Climate Change, in Cancun, Mexico opens with a prayer to the ancient Mayan deity, Ixtel, jaguar goddess of the moon, creativity, and weaving. The delegates say they are "weaving" a plan to save Mother Earth. Ninety-three countries, including the U.S., took part in the proceedings;
(3) The 111th Congress spent more money in just two years than was spent by all the congresses since America was founded;
(4) Obama White House acts to quell another investigation into the 2001 anthrax murder case. They are afraid the investigators will discover that the Israeli Mossad was behind the crime;
(5) Was former CIA Director William Colby murdered? Why was the body in his casket discovered to be four inches shorter than he was?;
(6) New figures show over 42 million in U.S. are now on food stamps;
(7) While government workers are prospering and the bankers are receiving multimillion dollar executive bonuses, our politicians made sure our men and women in uniform got the smallest pay increases in history; equally horrible—Social Security recipients, many living at poverty level, haven't received an increase in two years;
(8) Our Federal Reserve doles out trillions of dollars in free money to giant corporations—and all without Congressional approval! Among the happy recipients: Foreign banks and corporations like Switzerland's UBS Bank, England's Barclay's Bank; automakers Volkswagen and BMW from Germany, Hyundai from Korea, and Toyota from Japan. American corporations Ford, Harley-Davidson, and McDonalds pocketed tens of billions, too. Trillions for the rich, pennies or nothing for the suffering taxpayers!

01. Secrets - Volume 173 
(1) What is the purpose of baptism in the Christian faith?;
(2) Global warming advocates are looking sillier and sillier as the whole world is caught up in a freezing winter. Mayor Bloomberg of New York is facing angry citizens because the city was totally unprepared for the 500-year snow and ice storms. Just a few years ago, environmentalist guru Al Gore predicted the world would soon be warm all year long and that there would be no more snow;
(3) Environmentalists are claiming that the chilly winter proves the reality of Global Warming. Huh???;
(4) Many Americans are suffering from the poor economy. Will things get worse?;
(5) Texe debated atheist Madelyn Murray O'Hair;
(6) A taxpayer supported art gallery in Loveland, Colorado exhibits blasphemous art depicting homosexual images of Jesus. Will these depraved people ever quit? Why don't Christian pastors and churches in Loveland put a stop to the trashing of our Lord and Savior?;
(7) Website lets 5-year old girls role-play as prostitutes and call girls;
(8) In Great Britain many school's forbid young girls from wearing skirts. Officials contend that wearing skirts is offensive to homosexual students;
(9) U.S.A.-Iran war update: Under pressure from the Jewish Lobby, President Obama prepares air attack on Iran by appointing a Zionist Jew, General Norton Schwarz as U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff. Schwarz's chief assistant and advisor is Dr. Lani Kass, a Jew who was a Major in the Israeli Air Force for 12 years and is a citizen of Israel. In effect, Israel is now in charge of America's worldwide Air Force resources. 

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2010 - All 52 Weeks  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6068619/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2010_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2009 - All 52 Weeks     
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5287559/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2009_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2008 - All 52 Weeks    
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4896423/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2008_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power Of Prophecy - 2007 - All 52 Weeks     
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4322484/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_Of_Prophecy_-_2007_-_All_52_Weeks

Texe Marrs - Power of Prophecy - 2006 Radio Shows    
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4365760/Texe_Marrs_-_Power_of_Prophecy_-_2006_Radio_Shows	
		
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My public URL:	      
http://thepiratebay.org/user/TalmudTimmy

My RSS feed:	      
http://rss.thepiratebay.org/user/97bdef327d0ba834f331abb3d0fe47a2
