

                PART  315

                                  
        DON OMAR  -  Angelito  (2006)
        DON OMAR  -  Canción De Amor (2007)
        DON OMAR  -  Sexy Robotica (2009)
        DON OMAR  -  Hasta Abajo  (2009)
        DON OMAR  -  Taboo  (2011)


    Don Omar, also known as El Rey is a Puerto Rican Reggaetón singer and actor.He was raised in Santurce, a barrio of San Juan, Puerto Rico, specifically in the Villa Palmeras area. From an early age he showed interest in the music of Vico C and Brewley MC, but never actually followed it.  Don Omar's career catapulted to stardom with the release of his first studio album, "The Last Don". He earned awards for “Latin Pop Album of the Year” and "New Artist & Latin Rap/Hip-Hop Album of the Year” by the Billboard Latin Music Awards in 2003. "The Last Don: Live" was also nominated for "Urban Music Album" at the 2005 Latin Grammy Awards. Omar's May 2006 album "King of Kings", became history's highest ranking reggaeton LP in the top 10 US charts, with its debut at #1 on the Latin sales charts and the #1 spot on the Billboard Latin Rhythm Radio Chart with his single “Angelito”. Don Omar's third studio album titled "iDon" was released on April 28, 2009.  iDon's "Virtual Diva" became the most requested song on Latin radio stations.The second official single, titled "Sexy Robotica", was released on June 5, 2009. Don Omar confirmed the name of his upcoming collaborative album, titled "Meet the Orphans". The single "Hasta Abajo" was released in advance of the album. The album was set to be released on August 24, 2010 through Orfanato Music Group.


    "Angelito" is the first single by Don Omar taken from his album King of Kings. It reached number one on the Billboard Latin Rhythm Airplay, Hot Latin Tracks and Latin Tropical Airplay charts. It was considered his most successful single in the US charting at number 93 on the Billboard Hot 100.The music video was filmed in Rome, featuring many of the city's historic landmarks directed by David Impelluso. It has been viewed more than 2 million times on the popular video website YouTube.
    "Sexy Robótica" is the official second single from "iDon", released on June 5, 2009, It was originally selected as the first single, back later the producers decided that "Virtual Diva" were the first single and "Sexy Robótica" the second single from "iDon". Peak position - U.S. Billboard Latin Tropical Airplay # 6 and 
U.S. Billboard Hot Latin Songs  #20. 
     "Hasta Abajo" (English: "All the Way Down") is a song from Don Omar's collaborative album "Meet the Orphans" released as promotional single from the album on November 17, 2009 through Machete, VI. The song was nominated at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2010 on the category for "Best Urban Song".
    "Taboo" is the third single from Don Omar's collaborative album "Meet the Orphans" released in November 16, 2010 through Universal Latino. The song is re-adapted version from Los Kjarkas's song Llorando se fue most commonly known for its use in Kaoma's 1989 hit single, "Lambada fused with latin beats. The song peaked at number one on the Billboard Latin Songs, becoming his third number one single on the chart.


From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia