info, crack...
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/assassins-creed-brotherhood-skidrow



Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood (c) Ubisoft

15-03-2011........Release Date - Protection.........Ubisoft DRM
Action.,,,...........Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Live and breathe as Ezio, a legendary Master Assassin, in his enduring
struggle against the powerful Templar Order.  He must journey into
Italy's greatest city, Rome, center of power, greed and corruption to
strike at the heart of the enemy.

Defeating the corrupt tyrants entrenched there will require not only
strength, but leadership, as Ezio commands an entire Brotherhood who
will rally to his side.  Only by working together can the Assassins
defeat their mortal enemies.

And for the first time, introducing a never-before-seen multiplayer
layer that allows you to choose from a wide range of unique characters,
each with their own signature weapons and assassination techniques, and
match your skills against other players from around the world.

It's time to join the Brotherhood.

Features

MASTER THE POSSIBILITIES - As Ezio, a legendary Master Assassin,
experience over 15 hours of single-player gameplay set in the living,
breathing, unpredictable city of Rome.

LEAD A LEGENDARY BROTHERHOOD - Recruit and train promising young
Assassins.  Deploy them across the city as you see fit, or call upon
them to aid you in your quests.

EXPERIENCE A RICH HISTORICAL TAPESTRY - Collaborate with real
historical characters such as Leonardo da Vinci, Niccolo Machiavelli
and Caterina Sforza.

WIN THE HEART OF A CITY - Use your hard-won currency to revitalize the
crumbling capital city.  Rally the citizens to your cause and unlock
extra factions and missions.

DEPLOY SECRET WEAPONS - Swiftly eliminate your enemies using tools such
as poison darts, parachutes, double hidden blades, hidden guns, and an
advanced flying machine at your disposal.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy



SCREENS:
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-F6E7_4D7F4C78.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-BC80_4D7F4C78.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-A2F9_4D7F4C78.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-0671_4D7F4C78.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-759E_4D7F4C78.html

