"Handbook of Mathematics for Engineers and Scientists" by Andrei D. Polyanin, Alexander V. Manzhirov
Сhарmаn & Нall/СRС, Таylor & Frаnсis Group | 2007 | ISBN: 1584885025 9781584885023 | 1543 pages | PDF 

The Handbook covers the main fields of mathematics and focuses on the methods used for obtaining solutions of various classes of mathematical equations that underlie the mathematical modeling of numerous phenomena and processes in science and technology. To accommodate different mathematical backgrounds, the preeminent authors outline the material in a simplified, schematic manner, avoiding special terminology wherever possible.

This concise, comprehensive compendium of mathematical definitions, formulas, and theorems provides the foundation for exploring scientific and technological phenomena.

• Presents a wealth of useful mathematical information, from elementary to advanced concepts
• Describes formulas, methods, equations, and solutions that are frequently used in scientific and engineering applications
• Covers classical as well as newer solution methods for various mathematical equations, such as algebraic, ordinary differential, partial differential, integral, difference, and functional
• Contains many results in tabular form, including finite sums and series, indefinite and definite integrals, direct and inverse integral transforms, and exact solutions of differential, integral, and functional equations
• Supplies numerous examples, graphs, figures, and diagrams to help with the understanding of the problems and methods discussed
• Includes an extensive table of contents, special font highlighting, cross references, and a detailed index to help locate the desired information

The first part is a coherent survey of the most important definitions, formulas, equations, methods, and theorems. It covers arithmetic, elementary and analytic geometry, algebra, differential and integral calculus, special functions, calculus of variations, and probability theory.
The second part provides many in-depth mathematical tables, including those of exact solutions of various types of equations.

CONTENTS
Authors
Preface
Main Notation
Part I. Definitions, Formulas, Methods, and Theorems
1. Arithmetic and Elementary Algebra
2. Elementary Functions
3. Elementary Geometry
4. Analytic Geometry
5. Algebra
6. Limits and Derivatives
7. Integrals
8. Series
9. Differential Geometry
10. Functions of Complex Variable
11. Integral Transforms
12. Ordinary Differential Equations
13. First-Order Partial Differential Equations
14. Linear Partial Differential Equations
15. Nonlinear Partial Differential Equations
16. Integral Equations
17. Difference Equations and Other Functional Equations
18. Special Functions and Their Properties
19. Calculus of Variations and Optimization
20. Probability Theory
21. Mathematical Statistics
Part II. Mathematical Tables
T1. Finite Sums and Infinite Series
T2. Integrals
T3. Integral Transforms
T4. Orthogonal Curvilinear Systems of Coordinate
T5. Ordinary Differential Equations
T6. Systems of Ordinary Differential Equations
T7. First-Order Partial Differential Equations
T8. Linear Equations and Problems of Mathematical Physics
T9. Nonlinear Mathematical Physics Equations
T10. Systems of Partial Differential Equations
T11. Integral Equations
T12. Functional Equations
Supplement. Some Useful ElectronicMathematical Resources
Index