Panda Security Products 2012 Incl Activation AIO [ Team MJY ]

[img]http://padamhosting.com/out.php/i104844_Panda2012.jpg[/img]

Pandas products include security tools for home users and enterprises, including protection against cybercrime and kinds of malware that can damage IT systems, such as spam, hackers, spyware, dialers andundesirable web content, as well as detection of WiFi intrusions . 

 Its trademark technology, branded TruPrevent, is a set of proactive capabilities aimed at blocking unknown viruses and intruders. Initially centered on the production of antivirus software, the company has expanded its line of applications to include firewall applications, spamand spyware detection applications, cybercrime prevention technology, and other system management and security tools for businesses and home users.

Panda Internet Security 2012:-

Panda Internet Security is a complete security solution for businesses and professionals to armor plate your computer.

 Panda Internet Security allows you to use the Internet for anything, like shopping and banking online, with total peace of mind and without any interruption. It protects you from viruses, hackers, online fraud, identity theft and all the other known and unknown threats.

 In addition, it keeps your inbox spam-free, and allows you to browse the web privately and securely with the entirely new Panda Safe Browser. With the Parental Control, your children can browse the Internet safely.

Here are some key features of Panda Internet Security:-

Protection against spyware:-

 ➽ Protects your privacy by preventing spyware from being installed on your computer. The anti-spyware protection prevents this type of software from compiling data about your Internet habits and preferences.

Protection against unknown threats:-

 ➽ Thanks to the revolutionary TruPrevent Technologies now, more than ever, you will be protected against malware at all times.

Protection against all types of malware:-

 ➽ Not only are you protected against viruses. Now you have integrated protection capable of combating all types of malicious software: hacking tools, jokes, malicious cookies, viruses, etc.

Maintenance:-

 ➽ Make backup copies of your most valued documents to avoid losing the min the event of disasters. You can make backup copies of your documents easily in the location you choose: USB removable drives, CDs, DVDs, or even Internet secure servers.

Firewall:-

 ➽ Neutralizes network viruses and prevents possible intrusions or attacks by hackers trying to enter your computer through the Internet.

Anti-spam filter:-

 ➽ Protects you against junk mail, saving time and resources. The anti-spam protection will keep your inbox free from junk mail sent massively across the Internet.

Identity protection:-

 ➽ Protects you against the growing number of fraud attempts on the Internet. For example, you can avoid spoof bank/financial service Web pages that are really controlled by fraudsters.

 ➽ Your passwords and credit card numbers will now be safer than ever. None of this data can leave you computer without your prior consent.

 ➽ If you connect to the Web via modem, you won’t have to worry about calls being made to premium-rate numbers without your consent.

Web content filtering:-

 ➽ If your computer is used by other people, you can put restrictions on the content they can access on the Internet. Configure the filters for each user and you won’t have to worry about some users accessing inappropriate content.

Protection against vulnerabilities:-

 ➽ Protects you against security holes in certain applications that could make your computer easy prey to all types of malicious software and hackers. Now you can fix vulnerabilities detected in your computer, giving you even greater security.

Panda Global Protection 2012:-

Protect yourself from all kinds of online threats: virus, hackers, online fraud, identity theft and all other known and unknown malware.

 Keep your inbox spam-free and navigate safely and privately on the internet with the new Panda safe Browser. Your children will navigate safely on the Internet with the improved Parental Control, while the Panda Secure Vault will allow you to encrypt private folders and files or eliminate them forever.

 Panda Global Protection is a complete computer protection solution that will enable you to secure your data and keep it safe from external threats.

Here are some key features of Panda Global Protection:-

Anti-Malware Engine:-

 ❖ Automatically detects and eliminates viruses, spyware, Trojans, root kits, bots and other malware before they infect your computer.

 ❖ Scans files in real-time and on-demand

 ❖ Scans emails before they reach your inbox, regardless of your email program.

 ❖ Scans Internet traffic regardless of your browser type

 ❖ Scans Instant Messaging traffic in MSN Messenger, Windows Live Messenger, Yahoo Messenger and AOL.

 ❖ Removes all traces of clutter left by spyware on your PC.

Advanced Proactive Protection:-

 ❖ Technologies from Panda Security are widely recognized as the most effective against new and unknown malware.

 ❖ Genetic Heuristic Engine combines advanced algorithms to detect new variants of the most dangerous malware families.

 ❖ TruPrevent Technologies 2.0 silently analyze the behavior of programs, blocking those that try to damage your PC. This last line of defense blocks zero-day targeted attacks and terminates any malicious activity that has evaded traditional protection systems.

Personal Firewall:-

 ❖ Protects you against Internet-borne worms and hacker attacks.
 ❖ Smart auto-configuration allows good programs to run while blocking malicious ones.

 ❖ Shields your PC from hackers on the Web.

 ❖ Wireless Monitor protects your wireless network from intruders.

 ❖ Intrusion prevention blocks known and unknown hacker attacks and vulnerability exploits.

Identity Theft Protection:-

 ❖ Anti-Phishing Filter

 ❖Recognizes fraudulent email and protects you from scams while you shop, bank or pay bills online.

 ❖ Anti-Banking Trojan Engine

 ❖ Detects the most dangerous identity theft malware used by cyber-criminals to steal banking credentials. Specialized heuristics and generic detection techniques ensure maximum protection for online transactions.

Anti-Root kit Technology:-

 ❖ Detects and removes silently-installed root kits used by malware or hackers to evade traditional antivirus products.

 ❖ Safe Internet Browsing

Anti-Spam Filter:-

 ❖ Keeps your inbox free from junk mail. With the new spam engine detection rates are now over 97%, ensuring uninterrupted service and delivering the emails you really need.

Parental Control:-

 ❖ Lets your children browse the Internet safely by blocking access to violent, adult, or racist content, as well as other inappropriate websites. From the solutions control panel "and regardless of the browser type- you can assign predefined filters (child, adolescent, employees) to users or customize filter rules according to your specific needs.

Web Filter:-

 ❖ Lets you use the Internet safely without the risk of infections, vulnerability exploits, browser hijacking or phishing websites. By analyzing website content, links and Web reputation scores, Panda Security provides protection against all types of Web-based malware and scams.

Personal Information Filter:-

 ❖ Prevents theft from your PC of credit card numbers, social security numbers and any other personal information you define.

PC Optimization:-

 ❖ Backup & Restore

 ❖ Safeguards your most important files against accidental loss or damage. It prevents loss of important documents either unintentionally, or through hard disk problems or other accidents. Backup and restoration from hard drive, CD, DVD, other external media or online are both extremely simple and easy.

Premium Online Backup:-

 ❖ To safeguard your most important files and have access to them anytime, anywhere. Backing up your most important files online ensures the integrity of your information regardless of what happens to your PC. This ultimate safety layer provides 2 gigabytes of free, secure storage for one year.

Tune Up:-

 ❖ Automatically finds and fixes problems in your PC and keeps your system running smoothly. It optimizes your PC performance by removing unnecessary registry entries, deleting temporary files and speeding up your hard disk.

Panda Antivirus Pro 2012:-

More than a simple Antivirus! Panda Antivirus Pro offers the easiest and most intuitive protection for your computer. Install it and forget about viruses, spyware, root kits, hackers and online fraud.

 Chat, share photos and videos, do online shopping and banking, read your favorite blogs or browse the web with total peace of mind and without interruptions. Thanks to the Collective Intelligence technology, this product is safer, faster and more complete than ever.

 Furthermore, Panda Antivirus Pro will offer maximum protection with minimum impact on your computer via its easy-to-use and intuitive interface.

Here are some key features of Panda Antivirus Pro:-

Protection against spyware:-

 ➥ Protects your privacy by preventing spyware from being installed on your computer. The anti-spyware protection prevents this type of software from compiling data about your Internet habits and preferences.

Protection against unknown threats:-

 ➥ Thanks to the revolutionary TruPrevent Technologies now, more than ever, you will be protected against malware at all times.

Protection against all types of malware:-

 ➥ Not only are you protected against viruses. Now you have integrated protection capable of combating all types of malicious software: hacking tools, jokes, malicious cookies, viruses, etc.

Firewall:-

 ➥ Neutralizes network viruses and prevents possible intrusions or attacks by hackers trying to enter your computer through the Internet.

Protection against vulnerabilities:-

 ➥ Protects you against security holes in certain applications that could make your computer easy prey to all types of malicious software and hackers. Now you can fix vulnerabilities detected in your computer, giving you even greater security.

Services:-

 ➥ Enjoy the wide range of services that we offer. Now you have a whole team of IT security experts to help you resolve any queries that could arise. In addition, on our Web page, you can access the latest versions of our products and all the information you need.

Panda Internet Security 2012 for Net books:-

PROTECTION FOR YOUR NETBOOK (valid for all kinds of PCs)

 Safely browse the Internet and chat with complete peace of mind. Protect against

 Viruses, online fraud, identity theft, unsolicited emails and cybercriminals.

 Protection for your Net book against all kind of threats

 Protect your personal data against identity theft

 Protect your communications against online fraud

 Protect your networks against hackers and intruders

 Panda Internet Security 2012 for Net books allows you to get the most of your Net book for any offline or online activity, such as buying or banking online, with confidence and without interruption.

 It protects you from viruses, hackers, online fraud, identity theft and other known and unknown threats, and keeps your mailbox free from spam.
 Surf the Internet safely with Panda Safe Browser and block inappropriate content for your kids with Parental Control.

Maximum Protection:-

 The Panda Cloud Technology offers a new protection model based on a user community where everyone contributes. Your computer will always be updated and protected. Additionally, your PC wont limit detection capabilities as Pandas huge virus detection database is located on the Internet (Cloud).

Minimum Impact-

 Panda Internet Security 2012for Net books dramatically reduces resource consumption as the malware database is on the cloud, not in your PC. Also, its lightweight protection minimizes performance impact.

Easy to use:-

 Its intuitive interface is perfect for all types of users. Access all the information that you need with just one click.

What’s New in This Releases:-

✸ IMPROVED! Protection against all types of malware - Protects you in real time against all types of known and unknown malware, thanks to the knowledge gathered from the panda Community.

 ✸ Collective Intelligence - A new threat is identified and in a matter of seconds all Panda Security’s customers worldwide are protected.

 ✸ Personal Firewall - Firewall with WiFi security that blocks intruders and hackers, even in your wireless network.

 ✸ IMPROVED! Panda USB Vaccine - Panda USB Vaccine protects your PC and USB drive from infection.

 ✸ NEW! Virtual Keyboard - Write your password in a safe way thanks to the Virtual Keyboard.

 ✸ PLUS! Panda Safe Browser (Sandboxing) - Suspecting that a web is dangerous Access it without risk through the Save Browser (sandboxing).

 ✸ NEW! Multimedia/Gaming Mode - Enjoy the multimedia world and play without interruptions! Your antivirus keeps watching without bothering you.

 ✸ NEW! Home Network Manager - Checks the security status...

Credits TO Original Source

! Download ! - ! Seed ! - ! Enjoy !

❝❝ Please Seed After You Have Completed Your Downloading ❞❞

!!! I’m Just Doing My Best To Share The Source Available On Net !!!