Borderlands Direct Play with all 4 dlc's



Following are the minimum system requirements for the game Borderlands
OS: Windows XP/Vista 
Processor: Pentium 4 @ 2.4 Ghz or equivalent 
Memory: 1GB (2GB recommended with Vista) 
Hard Drive: 8 GB free 
Video Memory: 256mb video ram or better (GeForce 9 series or higher/Radeon R8xx series) 
Sound Card: Windows compatible sound card 
DirectX: 9.0c 
Keyboard and Mouse 
DVD Rom Drive																								GAMEPLAY
Borderlands includes character-building elements found in roll playing games, leading Gearbox to call the game a "roll playing shooter". At the start of the game, players select one of four characters, each with a unique special skill and with proficiencies with certain weapons. The four characters are: Roland the Soldier, Mordecai the Hunter, Lilith the Siren, and Brick (a Berserker) "as himself". From then on, players take on quests assigned through non characters or from bounty boards, each typically rewarding the player with experience points, money, and sometimes a reward item. Players earn experience by killing foes and completing in-game challenges (such as getting a certain number of kills using a specific type of weapon). As they gain levels from experience growth, players can then allocate skill points into a skill tree that features three distinct specializations of the base character; for example, Mordecai can become specialized in sniping,gunslinging with revolvers, or using his pet Bloodwing to assist in kills and health boosting. Players can distribute points among any of the specializations, and can also spend a small amount of in-game money to redistribute their skill points.
Players start the game with the ability to use two weapons, but can later gain up to four weapon slots, as well as slots for an energy shield, a grenade modification, and a class modification. Items collected but not used can be sold back at vendors for money that then can be used to buy better items. One of the key features of Borderlands is the randomly-generated weapons and items created either as dropped by enemies, found in storage chests about the game, sold at vendors in the game, or as quest reward items. The game uses a "Procedural Content Creation System" to create these weapons and items, which can alter their firepower, rate of fire, and accuracy, add in elemental effects such as a chance to set foes on fire, and at rare times other special bonuses such as regenerating the player's ammo. A color-coded scale is used to indicate the rarity of the weapon or item. It is estimated that the random system can generate over 17 million variations of weapons  
                                  BORDERLANDS
     Borderlands is set on the planet of Pandora. Lured by its apparent vast deposits of minerals, several colonization ships sponsored by the Dahl Corporation (one of several diversified mega-corporations that appear to control and govern entire planets) journey to the planet and build settlements there. The mining operations are cost-effectively manned by large amounts of convict labor brought to the planet by Dahl.
Prior to the events of the game, one of the other mega-corporations, known as the Atlas Corporation, had found an ancient vault on a nearby planet known as Prometheus, filled with alien technology that allowed them to make leaps and bounds in starship and weaponry technology, and overtake their competitors. The presence of similar alien ruins scattered across Pandora spurs the Dahl Corporation to undertake an extensive search for a possible vault on Pandora, headed by a respected xeno-archeologist by the name of Tannis. However, the Dahl-sponsored search for a vault on Pandora turns out to be fruitless, and the massive industrial mining operations soon deplete the bulk of the mineral deposits. Furthermore, the coming of the planet's summer unleashes hordes of dangerous alien wildlife coming out of hibernation.
Those who are rich and important enough to do so leave the planet, leaving the rest of the population to scavenge for their living in isolated settlements, seeking out a living in the barren wastelands and industrial trash heaps across the planet. To make matters worse, the Dahl Corporation simply opened the gates of the prison labor camps during their departure, and gangs of bandits terrorize the populace. Despite the lack of evidence of its existence, legends persist of "The Vault" – a supposed treasure trove of alien artifacts, technology, and of immeasurable wealth – but it is rumored that any who had discovered it were wiped out by a protective force, leaving few clues as to its location or purpose while a myth was born of the marvelous treasures within.                                                                                                                         														THE ZOMBIE ISLAND OF DR. NED																	The Zombie Island of Dr. Ned begins with an introduction from Marcus Kincaid in the form of a story being told to a small child. The child interrupts him with questions, and drawings, as he tries to recite this tale. It can be speculated that Marcus is telling the story to the same person as in the introduction of Borderlands, but the child remained quiet in that earlier introduction. 
Brave players who seek zombie carnage will be tasked with keeping the remaining workers of Jakobs Cove alive. Dr. Ned (who is totally not Dr. Zed in disguise) does his job a little too well, creating zombies and other abominations that now run rampant in this region. Players will have to work alongside Dr. Ned as they embark on a quest to cure the inhabitants of Jakobs Cove in this full-fledged expansion filled with new enemies, new quests and rare loot drops.                              														MAD MOXXI'S UNDERDROME RIOT																	                   	Mad Moxxi is a thrill-seeking woman in search of a new husband. Having gone through three husbands already, her search has led her to becoming the Ring Master/Hostess and Commentator of the Underdome. She considers the Underdome and the excitement of the competition like matrimony and plans to stay only as long as the thrill lasts. Gameplay includes three new Riot Mode arenas where players will fight AI-controlled enemies (PvE) in single player or multiplayer. The add-on starts with a mission titled "Prove Yourself." in which players complete all three arenas.                                                                                                                                                                  														THE SECRET ARMY OF GENERAL KNOXX																The Secret Armory of General Knoxx was unofficially announced on January 21, 2010 via the official Gearbox forums, posted by Gearbox level designer Jason Reiss saying the pack will increase the level cap to level 61 , and is "the biggest DLC we have made". A tweet by Gearbox creative director Mike Neumann on January 21, 2010 said the pack would also include "more Scooter", who is a character in the game. This was followed by an official announcement from Gearbox via Gearboxity on January 29, 2010, confirming the release, level cap increase, brand new weapons, and "brutal, never-before-seen enemies in a huge new environment complete with tons of brand new missions" according to Gearbox, developer of the game. Not to mention, the most powerful creature in all of Borderlands labeled as a "Secret Final Boss" or "Crawmerax". The DLC package became available February 23 for Xbox 360, and February 25 for PlayStation 3 and PC.

															Claptrap's New Robot Revolution
On March 3, 2010, Take-Two officially announced a fourth piece of downloadable content, stating that they will "continue to support the title with more add-on content, and our approach to digital content for Borderlands gives [Take-Two] a road map for other titles going forward." On July 15, 2010, General Knoxx's twitter page was updated for the first time in months, stating that he had "new orders (sent from the future)" On July 30, 2010, Randy Pitchford, Co-founder of Gearbox Software and current CEO, announced via twitter regarding the content "I get a LOT of questions about more DLC for Borderlands. Yes, more is coming! T2 already said so! Let's talk soon :)"  On August 5, 2010, a long list of content that was supposedly going to be included in the content was posted on the Gearbox Forums. The data was gathered from files in the 1.31 update for the PC version of Borderlands.
On August 11, 2010, 2k confirmed the title of the content, Claptrap's New Robot Revolution, and its main premise. The DLC has 21 missions (split between 9 main missions and 12 side quests), 2 new skill points, and six additional backpack slots. The game focuses around a rogue army of malfunctioning Clap-Traps (led by CL4P-TP, Interplanetary Ninja Assassin, the same claptrap that is seen getting struck by lightning just after the end credits), along with an army of familiar enemies transformed into Clap-Trap styles (i.e., Crab-Traps, Rakk-Traps, and Skag-Traps). A wide variety of old cast members return alongside new faces. New fast-travel destinations are also expected, a first for Borderlands DLC.
On September 5, 2010, Pitchford announced at the Penny Arcade Expo that the release date was scheduled to be September 28, 2010. Pitchford also announced a free patch to increase the level cap by 8 for all players (to a maximum of Level 69, or 58 for those without Knoxx's Armory), regardless of whether the General Knoxx expansion had been purchased.								
                                                       Installation
 1:Extract using winrar or 7zip
2:Open the binaries folder
3:Run borderlands.exe
