 http://bayimg.com/gaMAKAacM
 
http://bayimg.com/PaDjaaADO

Urgh! A Music War (1981) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0138902/

Urgh! A Music War is a British film released in 1982 featuring performances by punk rock, New Wave, and post-punk acts, filmed in 1980. Among the artists featured in the movie are Magazine, The Go-Go's, The Fleshtones, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, XTC, Devo, The Cramps, Oingo Boingo, Dead Kennedys, Gary Numan, Klaus Nomi, Wall of Voodoo, Pere Ubu, Steel Pulse, Surf Punks, 999, UB40, Echo & the Bunnymen and The Police. These were many of the most popular groups on the New Wave scene; in keeping with the spirit of the scene, the film also features several less famous acts, and one completely obscure group, Invisible Sex, in what appears to be their single public outing.

Urgh! A Music War consists of a series of performances, without narration or explanatory text. All performances are live, recorded around 1980, mainly in England and the USA. Clips were also taken from a concert in Fréjus, Var, France with The Police, XTC, Skafish and UB40 among others.

 
The Police – "Driven to Tears" 

Wall of Voodoo – "Back in Flesh" 

Toyah Willcox – "Danced" 

John Cooper Clarke – "Health Fanatic" 

Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark – "Enola Gay" 

Chelsea – "I’m on Fire" 

Oingo Boingo – "Ain’t This the Life" 

Echo & the Bunnymen – "The Puppet" 

Jools Holland – "Foolish I Know" 

XTC – "Respectable Street" 

Klaus Nomi – "Total Eclipse" 

Athletico Spizz 80 – "Where’s Captain Kirk?" 

The Go-Go's – "We Got the Beat" 

Dead Kennedys – "Bleed for Me" 

Steel Pulse – "Ku Klux Klan" 

Gary Numan – "Down in the Park" 

Joan Jett and the Blackhearts – "Bad Reputation" 

Magazine – "Model Worker" 

Surf Punks – "My Beach" 

The Members – "Offshore Banking Business" 

Au Pairs – "Come Again" 

The Cramps – "Tear It Up" 

Invisible Sex – "Valium" 

Pere Ubu – "Birdies" 

Devo – "Uncontrollable Urge" 

The Alley Cats – "Nothing Means Nothing Anymore" 

John Otway – "Cheryl’s Going Home" 

Gang of Four – "He’d Send in the Army" 

999 – "Homicide" 

The Fleshtones – "Shadowline" 

X – "Beyond and Back" 

Skafish – "Sign of the Cross" 

Splodgenessabounds – "Two Little Boys" 

UB40 – "Madame Medusa" 

The Police – "Roxanne" 

The Police – "So Lonely" 

Klaus Nomi – "Aria (from Samson and Delilah)" (End credits) 

