- Print Length: 272 pages
- Publisher: McGraw-Hill Professional; 1 edition (October 25, 2010)
- Language: English
- ASIN: B004BKIF7K


About:

Product Description:

Cutting-edge femtocell design and implementation techniques This in-depth resource provides comprehensive coverage of femtocells and how they integrate with existing 3G and emerging wireless protocols and standards.  Femtocells: Design & Application provides a technical roadmap for migrating to femtocell technology, covering network architecture, media protocols, system performance, and security issues. Detailed architectural diagrams illustrate various deployment options. This is a practical guide to the pioneering technology that enables extended indoor service coverage.  Femtocells: Design & Application covers:  The impact on handset design with respect to cost, size, and power consumption Cellular candidate radio access technologies that aid in femtocell deployment, including 3GPP LTE System analysis, including indoor path loss models and 3GPP RF requirements Femtocell network architecture and analysis Registrations, call establishment, call release, and handoff scenarios VoIP and Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) Media protocols over IP Security vulnerabilities and solutions Managing Quality of Service in IP-based networks offering multimedia solutions 3GPP IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) network architecture 



About the Author:

Joseph Boccuzzi, Ph.D., has more than 20 years of design experience with companies such as Eaton Corp., Motorola, AT&T Bell Labs, and Cadence Design Systems. He has taught wireless communications & signal processing courses at Polytechnic University and Besser Associates. Dr Boccuzzi is a principal scientist with Broadcom Corp. designing 3G and 4G wireless cellular communication systems. He is the author of Signal Processing for Wireless Communications.

Michael Ruggiero has more than 20 years of design experience with companies such as AT&T Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies, and Tellium. He is a principal engineer at Sonus Networks developing VoIP call processing and protocol software for carrier grade products.




scanned with Kaspersky  + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = Malware FREE

ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome