PC Tools Registry Mechanic v10.0.1.142
 
http://i71.photobucket.com/albums/i122/Slickinator2006/RM2011.jpg

Registry Mechanic - the Program is intended for clearing, correction of mistakes, check of integrity and restoration of the register. Registry Mechanic - Registry Cleaner for Windows with improved Deep Scan goes further than ever before with new categories. You can safely clean and repair Windows registry problems with a few simple mouse clicks! Fix problems with the Windows registry that are a common cause of Windows crashes and error messages. With a few easy steps, Registry Mechanic will scan your entire registry for any invalid entries and provide a list of the errors found; you can then choose to selectively clean each item or automatically repair them all. For your convenience and protection, Registry Mechanic can also make a backup of any repairs made so that you can easily recover any changes if required.

Website:  http://www.pctools.com/registry-mechanic/

Don't compromise your registry with the second best!
• World's most popular registry cleaner with over 60 million downloads.
• Recommended by experts and editors as the world's best registry cleaner.
• Clean the registry to fix Windows errors and crashes.
• Registry defrag to optimize your PC for better performance.
• FREE customer support for all users.
• Easy to use. Designed for both expert and novice users.
• 100% Money Back Guarantee.

With Registry Mechanic you can safely clean, repair and optimize the Windows® registry with a few simple mouse clicks! Problems with the Windows® registry are a common cause of Windows® crashes, slow performance and error messages. By using a registry cleaner regularly and fixing registry errors your system should not only be more stable but it will also help improve your system performance without expensive hardware upgrades. Learn more about the importance of a clean registry with our registry insight.

Registry Mechanic uses a high-performance detection algorithm to quickly identify missing and invalid references in your Windows® registry. These problems can occur for many reasons including being left-behind after the un-installation or incorrect removal of software, by missing or corrupt hardware drivers, or orphaned startup programs.

With a few easy steps our registry cleaner will scan your entire registry for any invalid entries and provides a list of the registry errors found, you can then choose to selectively clean each item or automatically repair them all. For your convenience and protection Registry Mechanic can also make a backup of any repairs made so that you can easily

Operating System: Microsoft Windows® 7 (32bit, 64bit), Windows Vista® SP1+ (32bit, 64bit), Windows XP® SP2+ (32bit)

Installation Info:
1)run setup and don't check mark the toolbar
2)let it update 
3)click on top in register and use provided user/Serial
4)Enjoy from Slickinator

This is a AIO loader double click exe and use clickable buttons.

Note:
the auto update may not work after first update , just wait for new release  

