Official Web Site:  http://www.belightsoft.com/products/arttext/overview.php

Where Text Becomes an Art

Art Text is a Mac OS X application for creating high quality textual graphics, headings, logos, icons, web site elements and buttons. Thanks to multi layer support creating complex graphics is no sweat. Use the result with Apple iWork, iWeb, Microsoft Office, BeLight applications, and various other text edit and web design programs.


Why use Art Text?

* Headings and other text graphics created with Art Text will make 
  business presentations catchy.

* Attractive buttons and cool titles will make your web site look stylish 
   and professional.

* Various logos and icons can be easily created to enrich your brochures,
   flyers and postcards.


Where Text Becomes an Art

Art Text is a Mac OS X application for creating high quality textual graphics, headings, logos, icons, web site elements and buttons. Thanks to multi layer support creating complex graphics is no sweat. Use the result with Apple iWork, iWeb, Microsoft Office, BeLight applications, and various other text edit and web design programs.

Why use Art Text?

* Headings and other text graphics created with Art Text will make business
  presentations catchy.

* Attractive buttons and cool titles will make your web site look stylish and
  professional.

* Various logos and icons can be easily created to enrich your brochures, flyers
  and postcards.



Key Features:

Creative Headings

Whether you're an advertising manager or a small business owner, you'll find Art Text to be a powerful tool. Create compelling text for your advertisements, brochures, letterheads, newsletters and more. Spice up these documents by designing decorative graphics that are sure to impress others.

Striking Web Buttons and Icons

 If you're creating a website for a business or your personal needs, Art Text has all of the tools you need. The 245 editable materials and 600 supplied vector icons and shapes will give you a quick start to getting your site up and running, or create your own web graphics effortlessly with the help of multiple layers.

Unique Logos for Your Business

 A logo often creates a strong association with your business in the minds of customers. You want your logo to make a statement. Design your company's logo right in Art Text and make it unique by taking advantage of 100 additional fonts and the large library of shapes included in the program.

System Requirements:  

Mac OS X 10.4.11 or later. Snow Leopard compatible.

-- PLEASE SEED --


