 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0796335/

7,2



1644, Paris, and 22-year-old Jean-Baptiste Poquelin, also known as Molière, is not yet the writer that history recognizes as the father and true master of comic satire, author of The Misanthrope and Tartuffe, and a dramatist to rank alongside Shakespeare and Sophocles. Far from it. He is, in fact, a failed actor. 

His Illustrious Theatre Troupe, founded the previous year, is bankrupt. Hounded by creditors, Molière is thrown into jail, released, then swiftly imprisoned again. When the jailors finally let him go, he disappears. The combined efforts of historians have unearthed no trace of him before his reappearance, several months later, when his troupe begins touring the provinces - a tour that will last for thirteen years, and culminate in Molière's triumphant return to Paris in 1658



Director Laurent Tirard
Certificate 12 years and over
Year 2007
Screen Widescreen 2.35:1 Anamorphic
Languages French
Subtitles English
Region Region 2

Actors

Romain Duris, Fabrice Luchini, Laura Morante, Edouard Baer, Ludivine Sagnier, Fanny Valette, Melanie Dos Santos, Gonzague Requillart & Gilian Petrovski

Moliere [2007 PAL DVD][Fr Subs[Sv]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Han är en av världshistoriens största författare. Komedins och satirens fader. William Shakespeares like. Men innan han blev Molière var han Jean-Baptiste Poquelin, en simpel kåkfarare, en förlorare och misslyckad skådespelare. Världens främste komiker var en tragisk figur. Hans levnadshistoria är noga nedtecknad, men under en tid innan han gjorde sitt storslagna genombrott och i triumf återvände till Paris, var han spårlöst försvunnen. 

Vad hände egentligen under dessa gåtfulla månader?

Speltid 116 min
EAN-kod 7319980044724
Textning Svenska
Ljud Franska (Stereo)
Bild Widescreen 2.35:1 (anamorfisk)
Lokal titel Moliere
Orginal titel Molière
Genre Komedi
Produktionsland Frankrike
Premiärår 2007
Regi Laurent Tirard
Manus Laurent Tirard Gregoire Vigneron
