The program is pretty simple to use.  You add stamps for the web site you want to add "stuff" to , the add the "stuff" and then click deliver.  The only problem I had with this program is that it's kind of slow, but it does work, and shows you a destination path from where your sending to where it's going. pretty cool..

Official Web Site:  http://realmacsoftware.com/courier/

Brains & Beauty

The program is simple to usa. You drag a stamp to the site you want to upload information to - add you login information, and then add files.  Then you =Courier allows you to share files, images, photos, movies, and more with all your 
online services - including Flickr and Facebook. Create an Envelope; drag on the stamps for the services you want to send files to; then just drag and drop on the files you want to deliver! Whether you're uploading files to one destination or three, Courier can handle it.

Courier has a stunningly simple interface that hides all the unnecessary complexities of uploading your files to the internet, and has been built from the ground-up for Mac OS X Snow Leopard.

Anything Goes

Our seven built-in plugins mean you'll be able to start sharing in under 30 seconds - and with Amazon S3, Ember, Flickr, Facebook, FTP / SFTP, Vimeo and YouTube support, we've got the most-requested services in the bag!
Simply drag on the stamps for each service you want to upload files to, and Courier will upload all the items you've dropped onto it - whether they're a photo, movie, document or something else. Facebook Ember Courier Map sending to multiple destinations including Facebook, Flickr, Vimeo, YouTube, Ember, Amazon S3 and more.

Destination Known

Have you ever wondered where your files physically end up in the world? While designing Courier we thought it'd be far more fun to show where your files are actually going - so each upload is plotted on a map with the route showing a progress bar that fills as the files are uploaded.
Once everything's been uploaded, Courier ensures handy links to the published files are ready for use and we even keep the history of all uploads so you can easily retrieve links to each file.

Come in, We're open!

The Real mac Add ons area lists all of the awesome third-party add ons available for Courier. From unloaders for Box.net, CloudApp and Twitpic, to sylish new envelope designs, they're all available in the Add ons area!
If you're an Objective-C wizard, and there's no stamp for the service you want to upload to - there's a Cocoa plugin API that allows you to build your own stamps. We've created a sample plugin for developers to take a look at, which is now available on GitHub!

Visit:  http://support.realmacsoftware.com/kb/courier/getting-started-with-courier

if you are having difficulties

System Requirements:

Mac OS X.6

--- PLEASE SEED ---
