 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/9a/94/04e14310fca0276bf64e3010.L.jpg


Title: Home for Christmas
Artist: *NSync
Audio CD (November 10, 1998)
Original Release Date: November 10, 1998
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Home For Christmas
02. Under My Tree
03. I Never Knew the Meaning of Christmas
04. Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays
05. The Christmas Song (Chestnuts Roasting On An Open Fire)
06. I Guess It's Christmas Time
07. All I Want Is You (This Christmas)
08. The First Noel
09. In Love On Christmas
10. It's Christmas
11. O Holy Night (A Cappella)
12. Love's In Our Hearts On Christmas Day
13. The Only Gift
14. Kiss Me At Midnight 


Amazon Review:
Home is the last place these pop-aholics will be at Christmas: 'N Sync were on such a tight touring schedule in 1998, it's a wonder they even had time to record this disc in time for the holidays. The standard carols--"The First Noël," and "The Christmas Song"--aren't nearly as much fun as the original tracks here, but the a cappella version of "O Holy Night" is by far the masterpiece, and proof that the boys are more than just hyper-pretty faces. In fact, their superbly blended harmonies save what could have been ill-fated attempts to put a '90s R&B spin on songs like "In Love on Christmas" and the title track. "The Only Gift" and "Under My Tree" are addictive despite being overly cute, and you'll have a hard time getting "Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays" out of your head. Keep in mind that Christmas CDs belong in the background, let go of your anti-pop prejudices for just one day, and you'll be bopping along with the boys in no time.

Allmusic Review:
It's always a sign that a group is hot if they release a holiday album mere months after their debut. That's the case with *NSYNC. Their debut was released in America in late March, and in early December, Home for Christmas hit the shelves. Much of the album is devoted to newer material, with only a handful of songs qualifying as standards: "The Christmas Song," "The First Noel," and "O Holy Night." All of it is given the familiar *NSYNC sheen, alternating between slickly produced adult contemporary ballads and lite dance-pop. Fans of the group will certainly find it reasonably enjoyable, even though it makes it clear that the group simply can't rival such peers as the Spice Girls or the Backstreet Boys in terms of charisma.