
Disc 1 - Dawn to Dusk:
	
1. Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness
2. Tonight, Tonight
3. Jellybelly
4. Zero
5. Here Is No Why
6. Bullet With Butterfly Wings
7. To Forgive
8. An Ode To No One
9. Love
10. Cupid De Locke
11. Galapogos
12. Muzzle
13. Porcelina Of The Vast Oceans
14. Take Me Down


Disc 2 - Twilight To Starlight:

1. Where Boys Fear To Tread
2. Bodies
3. Thirty-Three
4. In The Arms Of Sleep
5. 1979
6. Tales Of A Scorched Earth
7. Thru The Eyes Of Ruby
8. Stumbleine
9. X.Y.U.
10. We Only Come Out At Night
11. Beautiful
12. Lily (My One And Only)
13. By Starlight
14. Farewell And Goodnight


I'm not sure this could be the best Pumpkins record (I like Siamese Dream very much) but sure it's the most ambitious. Mellon Collie has just about every kind of music you can hope to find - ballads, prog, metal, alt-rock. A handful of songs feel superfluous, but the vast majority of them just feel like a musical quilt. That is, two musical quilts. The tone of each disc is quite different, with Dawn to Dusk being a rockier album more in tune with the past Pumpkins releases. Twilight To Starlight has a more experimental, sad feel. 
Billy Corgan's reedy voice weaves seamlessly into the complex music, singing songs about loneliness, pessimism and longing for love. His songwriting is exceptional here: his style is best described as poetry set to music. Guitar riffs both furious and gentle, sweeping strings, piano, Chamberlin's percussion and D'arcy's good bass work move up and down the scale, from soft to scathing. With its epic music and tight lyrics, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is madly brilliant. Dark, sweet, sad, and angry, this is a modern classic. 
Nice artwork too, recalling Genesis' Foxtrot; complete scans included.


trfkad flac series vol. 76
Artist: Smashing Pumpkins
Album: Mellon Collie and The Infinite Sadness
Year: 1995
Genre: Rock
Source: CD
Codec: FLAC
Ripper: EAC
Extra: LOG, CUE
Covers: front, back, cd


