Wild at Heart is a current ITV television drama series about a Bristol-based vet and his family emigrating to start a game park in South Africa. The show premiered in January 2006 and is currently filming its sixth series

It stars Stephen Tompkinson, Dawn Steele, Olivia Scott-Taylor, Hayley Mills, Deon Stewardson, Nomsa Xaba, Thapelo Mokoena, David Butler, Mary-Anne Barlow, Niama McLean and Tarryn Faye Brummage.

After the success of the American pilot, renamed Life Is Wild, the series was picked up by The CW TV network in the USA; however the show was cancelled in February 2008 due to low ratings. Life Is Wild has been picked up by the Hallmark TV channels in UK & South Africa.

The show airs as a simulcast from the ITV Network on TV3 Ireland[1]

The music from Wild at Heart is all composed by Norwell and Green exclusively for the show.

Series 4

The series begins 12 months after the fire and features Danny battling for custody of Evan, yet losing. However, Evan finally is allowed to return to the game reserve. Meanwhile Caroline has returned to England, so her sister Georgina comes to stay, yet fails to make friends with Du Plessis, revealing to him that Caroline does not love him anymore and will not be returning to Africa. A new vet, Alice Collins, joins Leopards Den. She and Danny get off at a bad start, but in the end Danny asks Alice to stay at Leopards Den. Rosie marries Max but suffers a miscarriage; then leaves with Max to study veterinary medicine in Cape Town. After a few episodes, and Alice nearly leaving, it becomes clear that she has feelings for Danny, about which she confides to Du Plessis. In the penultimate episode, a storm hits Leopard's Den and Alice seeks help for an injured Danny whilst the others try to find her daughter Charlotte among the rubble of the old hut. Alice finds help, and is taken to Mara. She manages to tell the owner, Vanessa, that Danny is still out in the storm, bleeding and unconscious. There is much confusion while searching for Danny, but he is eventually found. Afterward, Vanessa, the owner of Mara, tells Alice that she and Danny are an item, which is untrue. She says this because she knows Alice has feelings for Danny, too. Alice gets back to Leopards Den and packs her bags, planning to leave. Danny tells Vanessa that he does not return her feelings. When Danny finds Alice's suitcase, he goes after Alice, who is releasing a giraffe prior to her departure. Danny and Alice finally admit their love for each other in a passionate embrace. They tell no one, although everyone learns the truth. Alice and Danny's relationship is branded, "The worst kept secret in Africa!" Caroline returns in the final moments of the series 4 finale.