

Case Sensitive  Mini Serie  (2011) PAL  





2 Delige mini serie.

Plot:

Detective Sergeant Charlie Zailer en Detective Constable Simon Waterhouse 
moeten de dood onderzoeken van een moeder en dochter. 
Omdat ze er niet zeker van zijn of het hier om moord of zelfmoord gaat moeten ze alles goed onderzoeken.
Zailer en Waterhouse moeten tijdens dit onderzoek ook Mark (de echtgenoot) flink onder de loep nemen.
Sally Thorne, die eerder een affaire had met Mark besluit om weer in contact met hem te komen, 
alleen om te ontdekken dat de man waarvan zei dacht dat hij Mark was, iemand anders is!

Een goeie psychologische thriller!





English Part 1:

DS Charlie Zailer and her constable Simon Waterhouse investigate when Geraldine Brethrick and her young daughter are found dead. 
The early view is that Geraldine killed them both,an opinion endorsed by criminologists Harbord and Hey,but her husband Mark,on business at the time,claims she was perfectly happy. 
However Geraldine's friend Cordy,who found the corpses,tells Charlie that Mark was a controlling husband. Furthermore his alibi is suspect. 
Against the advice of her friend Esther Taylor,Sally Thorne,having seen the murders on television,decides to visit Mark,with whom she had a one night stand,but,on arrival at the house,discovers he is not the same man. 
Giving her name as Esther Taylor,she leaves,taking with her a picture of the dead pair taken at a bird sanctuary. 
Leaving a message for Esther she arrives at the sanctuary,telling the sanctuary worker that she is Esther Taylor. 
Seeing the photo the woman rings the police. Charlie and Simon arrive too late to stop an unconscious Sally being driven away in the back of a car.


English Part 2:

Sally finds herself in a house with the man who told her he was Mark Bretherick and now tells her that Mark is out to kill her. 
Mark himself is shown a picture of Sally and he tells the police that this was the woman who claimed to be Esther Taylor. 
Simon discovers a photo of another woman and her daughter,Maria Olivia and Amy,who attended the same school as Lucy Bretehrick but who apparently returned to Maria's native Spain after marital break-up. 
The fates of Maria and Amy and the identity of Maria's husband prove to be the key to the other murders but Charlie and Simon have to find Sally quickly to prevent her from being added to the list of victims.




Spotinformatie 

Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail Case.Sensitive.Part 1 & 2.720p.HDTV.x264-BiA
Menu          : Nee
Audio         : Engels DD 2.0
Extra's       : Nee
Ondertitels   : Nederlands Custom by Dutch United
Cover & label : Ja
Genre         : Thriller
Bewerking     : Dejavu 
Controle      : Dejavu



 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1744638/



