Roccos.Psycho.Love.3.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Pr0nStarS


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=89240658105482142199.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=50481276451162581713.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/I/viewer.php?file=60589029945647028575.jpg


Melanie Memphis, Honey Demon , Susanna, Juditta, Mike Chapman, Rocco Siffredi , Riley Evans, Krissy Lynn, Toni Ribas, Sharka Blue, Cindy Gold , Mike Angelo, Alisha, Lolly Moon , Olga, Ian Scott, Omar Galanti


Rocco Siffredi has always been a little crazy, but you know he's a romantic at heart! In Rocco's Psycho Love 3, the Italian XXX icon and his crew of wacky fuckers tread the thin line between love and insanity with four scenes of erotic, kooky passion. First, the director encounters smoking brunette Honey Demon, who blows his legendary meat pole while taking deep drags on her cigarette. Honey's super cute friend Melanie Memphis joins the blow job party. Meanwhile, black stud Mike Chapman is getting down with sexy Susanna when they're interrupted by her 50-ish teacher, Juditta. Rocco and Mike join forces, instigating a butt-banging orgy that includes anal toys, face sitting, ass-to-mouth cocksucking and plenty of sexual humiliation (plus a mouthful of sperm) for the shocked older lady. Next, Latin stud Toni Ribas sinks his pecker into chesty California blondes Riley Evans and Krissy Lynn. The ass-reaming threesome climaxes with Toni ejaculating in their hungry mouths. Another three-way features super-slutty Sharka Blue and Cindy Gold. Big-boobed Sharka gets fingered to multiple orgasms and squirts girl juice onto her brunette friend's head! Finally, pervert Omar Galanti has a violent, messy food fight with thick blonde chef Olga; he spanks her fleshy bottom and gets his fat prick sucked, all in the kitchen. Their dinner guests, including round-assed beauty Lolly Moon and redhead Alisha, decide to skip the meal for an anal threesome with Ian Scott. Alisha visits Omar in the shower and satisfies him with all holes. Rocco's brand of love is a crazy game!