
Registry Mechanic 2011 Registry Cleaner Software - What's New?
Advanced performance and system monitoring technology delivers effective results.

Cleans the Windows® registry to speed up your PC.

Optimizes Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP performance.

NEW! Protects Internet privacy and personal information.

NEW! Securely deletes files from your PC.

NEW! Bleaches free space and deleted files using Department of Defense standard (DoD 5220.22-M) making the data unrecoverable using regular file recovery methods.

NEW! Plug-ins clean the history of 100+ third-party programs, including chat, image viewers, P2P applications and more.

NEW! Scheduler allows you to set and forget, optimizing your system for optimal performance and protecting your privacy online.


Registry Mechanic Software Features
Speeds up your PC and improves your Windows® 7 Windows Vista®, and Windows XP experience

Optimizes performance by scanning and repairing invalid registry entries to fix freezes, crashes, and slowdowns.

Removes orphaned registry references to improve performance and stability.

Performance Monitor provides options to boost system speed.

Organizes and compacts your registry to increase system efficiency.

System Monitor assesses your PC’s start up and shut down times, highlighting potential issues.

Tune up services optimize your PC performance and provide better start-up times by turning off non-essential Windows services.

Customizable ignore lists allow you to prevent specific items from being detected and repaired.

No-hassle, worry-free, performance booster

Backs up any repairs made, so that you can restore at any time.

Easily repairs, cleans, and optimizes your Windows registry in just a few clicks.

Automatically improves system performance with a set of tweaks and fixes applied to the Windows registry. 

Guards your online and personal information

Protects your Internet privacy by purging activity from web browsers, chat programs, and other software lists.

Securely shreds your personal files and confidential data from your computer.

Bleaches unused hard drive space making deleted files unrecoverable.

Additional Features:

Smart Updates silently and automatically install product upgrades to help ensure continual access to the powerful optimization tools.

24/7 Support available For full details and to access support, please visit http://www.pctools.com/support/

Operates in 17 languages.

