P2P group ALI213 released the BETA of the game Trine 2 for PC. There’s a crack included so it’s fully playable. If you can’t wait for this game you should give the BETA a try, else wait for the full game to be released in December. Enjoy!


Description

Trine 2 looks to have the same hook as its predecessor, but with some enhanced features. Along with some graphical updates (the game looks downright beautiful) and online coop, the characters are getting some new powers. The wizard can now pick up and manipulate enemies as if he was a Force-wielding Jedi, while the thief will have the ability to slow down time. Not much more is known about abilities outside of this, but I'm also told that the levels are being designed to require the specialties of all the classes, increasing the importance of their powers. 

Key Features:

Physics-based puzzles with fire, water, gravity and magic
Accessible for both casual and hardcore gamers
Online and local co-op with up to three players
Save anywhere to play as long or short sessions as you like
Unlimited Character Mode adds to additional replay value
Superb graphics with next-gen visuals use impressive technical effects
Hidden collectibles for extra adventuring
Upgrade your characters to suit your play style and to learn amazing new skills
Fun and challenging achievements to unlock
Current and New Game+ to ensure that adventuring will never end
 mazing 19-track soundtrack composed by the acclaimed Ari Pulkkinen

OS: Windows 7 / Vista / XP
Processor: 2.0 GHz CPU (Dual Core recommended)
Memory: 1 GB
Hard Disk Space: 1.5 GB
Video Card: ATi Radeon HD 2400 or NVIDIA GeForce 7600 or better (Shader Model 3.0 needs to be supported)
DirectX®: 9.0c
Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Additional: *Please note that Trine 2 may not run on most Intel graphics solutions used in 2004-2009. 
The game does run on new (2010-) Intel HD Graphics 3000 or better.

P2P group ALI213 released the BETA of the game Trine 2 for PC. There’s a crack included so it’s fully playable. If you can’t wait for this game you should give the BETA a try, else wait for the full game to be released in December. Enjoy!

INSTALL: Install is in chinsee but just keep clicking on the button IAO untill you get to a new button with 2x on it click that to start your install. 


