A Bridge Too Far (1977)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1385kbps 
Duration.............: 2:40:03
Resolution...........: 848*358 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 448 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 6 
Filesize.............: 2,210,322,834 
SUBTILES.............: German, Spanish, English

 
http://bayimg.com/MAIMcaADj
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075784/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Bridge_Too_Far_(film)


***UPLOADERS NOTE*** - I would like to note that there already are a couple of torrents of this film on TPB. In fact, someone has recently uploaded a fantastic blu-ray rip that I highly recommend. However, at over 10 GB, it is just too big for me and for many others. Another uploader has torrented a DivX rip of this film at 1.4 GB, for which I would like to acknowledge and thank him. Unfortunately, the three-hour length and epic nature of this film, combined with the low bit-to-pixel ratio he selected makes for poor video quality. Yet another uploader has ripped a DVD5 NTSC .iso file which is perfectly fine, but DVD-R .iso files do not stay seeded very well here. Therefore, I am offering this alternative torrent as an Xvid AVI rip of acceptable quality for those of us in the middle.


A Bridge Too Far is a 1977 epic war film based on the 1974 book of the same name by Cornelius Ryan, adapted by William Goldman. It was produced by Joseph E. Levine and Richard P. Levine and directed by Richard Attenborough.

The film tells the story of the failure of Operation Market Garden during World War II, the Allied attempt to break through German lines and seize several bridges, including the road bridge over the Lower Rhine at Arnhem, in the occupied Netherlands, with the main objective of Allied armour outflanking the Siegfried Line at its northern extremity.

The name for the film comes from an unconfirmed comment made by British Lieutenant-General Frederick Browning, deputy commander of the First Allied Airborne Army, who told Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, the operations architect, before the operation, I think we may be going a bridge too far.The ensemble cast includes Dirk Bogarde, James Caan, Michael Caine, Sean Connery, Edward Fox, Elliot Gould, Anthony Hopkins, Gene Hackman, Hardy Krüger, Laurence Olivier, Robert Redford, and Maximilian Schell. The music was scored by John Addison, who served with XXX Corps during Market Garden. The Screenplay is by William Goldman.

Actor	Role
Dirk Bogarde	Lieutenant-General Frederick Boy Browning
James Caan	Staff Sergeant Eddie Dohun (based on Charles Dohun)
Michael Caine	Lieutenant-Colonel J.O.E. Vandeleur
Michael Byrne	Lt. Col. Giles Vandeleur
Sean Connery	Major General Roy Urquhart
Edward Fox	Lt. Gen. Brian Horrocks
Elliot Gould	Col. Robert Stout (based on Robert Sink)
Gene Hackman	Maj. Gen. Stanisław Sosabowski,
Anthony Hopkins	Lt. Col. John Frost
Ryan ONeal	Brig. Gen. James Gavin
Robert Redford	Maj. Julian Cook
Denholm Elliott	RAF meteorologist officer
Peter Faber	Capt. Arie D. Harry Bestebreurtje
Christopher Good	Maj. Carlyle (based on Maj. Allison Digby Tatham-Warter)
Frank Grimes	Maj. Fuller (based on Brian Urquhart)
Jeremy Kemp	RAF briefing officer
Nicholas Campbell	Capt. Glass (based on Captain LeGrand King Legs Johnson)
Paul Copley	Pte Wicks
Donald Douglas	Brigadier Gerald Lathbury
Keith Drinkel	Lieutenant Cornish (based on Captain Eric Mackay, 9th Parachute Sqdn R.E.)
Colin Farrell	Corporal Hancock
Richard Kane	Col. Weaver (based on Graeme Warrack)
Paul Maxwell	Maj. Gen. Maxwell Taylor
Stephen Moore	Maj. Robert Steele (based on Major Anthony Tony John Deane–Drummond)
Donald Pickering	Lt. Col. C.B. Mackenzie
Gerald Sim	Col. Sims (based on (acting Colonel) Lt. Col. Arthur Austin Eagger)
John Stride	Grenadier Guards major
Alun Armstrong	Cpl. Davies
David Auker	Taffy Brace
Michael Bangerter	British staff colonel
Michael Graham Cox	Capt. Jimmy Cleminson
Garrick Hagon	Lieutenant Rafferty
John Ratzenberger	Lt James Megellas (based on Lt James Megellas)
Arthur Hill	U.S. Army surgeon (colonel)
Hardy Krüger	SS-Brigadeführer Ludwig (based on Heinz Harmel andWalter Harzer)
Maximilian Schell	SS-Obergruppenführer Wilhelm Bittrich
Wolfgang Preiss	Generalfeldmarschall Gerd von Rundstedt
Walter Kohut	Generalfeldmarschall Walter Model
Hartmut Becker	German sentry
Hans von Borsody	General der Infanterie Günther Blumentritt
Lex van Delden	SS-Oberscharführer Matthias
Fred Williams	SS-Hauptsturmführer Viktor Eberhard Gräbner
Laurence Olivier	Dr. Jan Spaander
Liv Ullmann	Kate ter Horst
Siem Vroom	Underground leader
Erik van t Wout	Underground leaders son
Marlies van Alcmaer	Underground leaders wife
Mary Smithuysen	Old Dutch lady
Hans Croiset	Old Dutch ladys son
Josephine Peeper	Cafe waitress
Erik Chitty	Organist
Richard Attenborough (uncredited cameo)	Lunatic wearing glasses



Introduction and planning

The film begins with a montage of archival film footage narrated by a Dutch woman, Kate ter Horst (Liv Ullmann), describing the state of affairs five years into the war. D-Day had come and gone and the Allies are bogged down by overextended supply lines. Supreme Allied Commander Dwight D. Eisenhower had to decide between U.S. General George S. Patton and British Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, each of whom had competing plans for ending the war quickly, and being the first to get to Berlin. Under political pressure, Eisenhower chose Montgomerys Operation Market Garden. In September, 1944, the Allies are advancing but have paused in Belgium, near Lommel.


A Dutch family, part of the Dutch resistance underground, observes the German withdrawal toward Germany and awaits the impending arrival of Allied forces. Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt (Wolfgang Preiss) arrives in the Netherlands and discovers he has few resources in men or equipment and morale is very poor. The underground resistance leader (Siem Vroom), along with his 13-year old son (Erik van t Wout), keep careful notes of German troops evacuating throughout Arnhem, information he will later pass on to the Dutch resistance.


Operation Market Garden envisions 35,000 men being flown 300 miles from air bases in England and being dropped as much as 64 miles behind enemy lines in the Netherlands. The largest airborne assault ever attempted, with Lieutenant-General Frederick Browning (Dirk Bogarde) saying, Were going to lay a carpet, as it were, of airborne troops, over which XXX Corps can pass,[3] and confidently suggests that We shall seize the bridges - its all a question of bridges - with thunderclap surprise, and hold them until they can be secured by the 20,000 vehicles led by XXX Corps. Arnhems bridge crosses the Lower Rhine, the last major river between the Allies and the German heartland, and seizure of the bridge will allow vast Allied armies to turn east into Germany.


The plan is to begin in seven days time, with XXX Corps reaching Arnhem two days after the drop. The 101st Airborne Division, under Major General Maxwell D. Taylor (Paul Maxwell), is responsible for the road and bridges from the north side of Eindhoven to the south side of the Meuse River at Grave. The 82nd Airborne Division, under Brigadier General James M. Gavin (Ryan ONeal) is responsible for the bridge crossing the Maas, and from the north side of the Maas to the north side of theWaal River bridge, just north of Nijmegen. The British 1st Airborne, under Major-General Robert E. Urquhart (Sean Connery) is to land northwest of Oosterbeek, and take and hold the north side of the Lower Rhine River to the bridge at Arnhem. Polish Major General Stanisław Sosabowski (Gene Hackman) will lead the 1st Independent Parachute Brigade to secure the south side of the Lower Rhine and make contact with Lieutenant-Colonel John Dutton Frost (Anthony Hopkins), and Second Battalion, who is to work his way east along the banks of the river. XXX Corps, led 
by Lieutenant-General Brian Horrocks (Edward Fox), and spearheaded by Lieutenant-Colonel J.O.E. Vandeleur (Michael Caine) on point, are to cross the Maas-Schelde Canal on the north side of Lommel and push up the road, as quickly as possible, to Arnhem. Hooking up, and linking, with the U.S. 101st, U.S. 82nd, and finally British 1st, at the Lower Rhine River bridge.


While attempting to predict the Allies next move, Field Marshal von Rundstedt and Field Marshal Walter Model (Walter Kohut) agree that American General Patton will be chosen to invade Germany. SS-Lieutenant General Wilhelm Bittrichs (Maximilian Schell) II SS Panzer Corps (includes 9th SS and 10th SS Panzer divisions) is due for a rest, off the front lines. Rundstedt suggest they be pulled back to Arnhem and Model agrees.


Polish Major General Sosabowski remains silent during the Market Garden command briefing, after which he voices his deep doubts that the plan can work. His is one of two dissident voices that are shuttled aside but correctly forecast defeat. American command worries about parachuting in daylight (no major daylight drop had been previously attempted) but note it is a no-moon period anyway.


The Dutch teenager manages to pass through German lines and discovers that Field Marshal Model is at the German command HQ, an important bit of information for the underground.


A young British intelligence officer, Major Fuller (Frank Grimes), asks the British commander, Lieutenant-General Browning, to allow another low-level reconnaissance mission of the Arnhem area. This follows after he disagrees with the general consensus among the British top brass that resistance will consist entirely of Hitler Youth or old men. His request is granted.


British commanders planning the drop note that they are badly short of transport aircraft and the area near Arnhem is ill-suited for a landing. They will have to land in an open area eight miles (13 km) from the bridge. Sosabowski walks up to check the R.A.F briefing officers (Jeremy Kemp) uniform insignia and says Just making sure whose side youre on. In a briefing led by General Urquhart, describing 1st British Airborne plan at Arnhem, tells that the key for the eight mile distance from the drop zone to the bridge, is the use of gliders to bring in a special reconnaissance squadron with Jeeps, and mounted with twin Vickers machine guns. Everyone at the briefing is surprised they are going to attempt a landing so far from the bridge, but of course they have to make the best of it. Browning lays out that if any one group fails, the entire operation fails. As British officers, they keep a stiff upper lip and do not question their orders. Sosabowski thinks about asking for a letter from General Browning, stating that he is being forced to act under Brownings order in case his men are massacred.


British technical support preparing the portable radios for the mission note they are not likely to work for the long distance from the drop zone to the Arnhem bridge. Lieutenant Cole (Peter Settelen) who used the radio equipment in the desert of North Africa, had no trouble with it. But, Coles superior, Major Robert Steele (Stephen Moore) thinks that the water and trees of Holland will cause the radios not to work. As with most others with doubts about the mission, they choose not to rock the boat and do not convey their concerns up the chain of command.


Learning that a German Panzer division might be near the Arnhem area, intelligence officer Major Fuller brings the reconnaissance photos to General Browning; it is quite clear that German tanks are present at Arnhem. Browning speculates that the tanks are not in fully serviceable condition, dismisses the photos, and also ignores the confirmation reports from the Dutch underground. Browning does not want to be the one to tell Montgomery of any doubts because 16 consecutive previous airborne drop operations have been cancelled. Major Fullers concerns are brushed off and he is actually removed from duty, and informed by a British doctor (Gerald Sim) whose diagnosis is that the officer is too stressed to perform his duties.


At the XXX Corps briefing, the overall plan is outlined, laying out the bridges that will be taken by the paratroopers, held and then secured by ground forces. Speed is the vital factor. Arnhem must be reached within 2–3 days. It is the crucial bridge, the last means of escape for the German forces in the Netherlands and an excellent route to Germany for 

Allied forces who hope to finish the war by Christmas. The major road that connects Lommel with Arnhem (Lommel-Valkenswaard-Eindhoven-Son-Veghel-Uden-Grave-Nijmegen-Elst-Arnhem) is only a single highway linking the various key bridges. It is passable for two regular cars, but trucks and tanks have to squeeze to the shoulder to pass. The road is also elevated, approximately three to six feet, causing anything moving on the road to stand out.

Operation begins

The initial phases of Market Garden go as planned, the airborne drops catch the Germans totally by surprise, and there is little to no resistance. Most of the men come down in soft, ploughed fields, and assemble quickly. The drop for the 101st was the best they had during the war. The men were more likely to get hit by falling equipment than get shot by the Germans. Model, thinking that the Allies must be trying to capture him personally, doesnt think about the bridge, but panics and retreats from Arnhem. General Gavin (Ryan ONeal) breaks two discs in his back during his landing. 

However, soon after landing, troubles beset Urquharts division. Much of the special reconnaissance squadron, led by Freddie Gough, with the special Jeeps (with Vickers machine guns), either doesnt arrive by gliders at all or are shot up in an ambush. Their radio sets are also useless, meaning no contact can be made with either paratroopers moving into Arnhem or XXX Corp. Meanwhile, Bittrich and his subordinate, General Ludwig (Hardy Krüger), realise the situation and send forces to reinforce Nijmegen and Arnhem. When a German soldier captures the actual plans for Market Gardenfrom an abandoned glider, Model brushes them off as fake, but still knows they will be able to repel the lightly armed paratroopers.


Expected German resistance begins slowing XXX Corps progress immediately, and they do not arrive in Eindhoven when planned. The advance is also curtailed by the narrow highway. As the 506th PIR of the 101st, led by Colonel Robert Stout (Elliott Gould), approaches the bridge over the Wilhelmina Canal, at Son (Zon), German 88 mm guns blow the bridge up in their face. It takes 36 hours to bring up Bailey bridge equipment and construct a bridge. XXX Corps meets up with the 82nd Airborne Division, who have taken the Grave bridge, allowing XXX Corp to progress, but not the Waal Bridge at Nijmegen. There, part of the division, led by US Major Julian Cook (Robert Redford), is forced to perform a dangerous daylight river crossing in flimsy canvas-and-wood assault boats. As the British cross the bridge, the Germans attempt to destroy it, but the demolition charges do not go off. However, it makes no difference: the XXX Corps progress is still slow and the Germans close in on the 1st Airborne, as they were not expecting to fight two SS Panzer Divisions. Frosts 
British paratroopers do take and occupy part of Arnhem around the bridge, but are isolated can only hold so long. To make matters worse, Urquhart is separated from his men, and the supply drop zones are overrun by the Germans. The initial German attack on the paratroopers at the bridge is repelled with many German casualties, but they are still hard-pressed, and forced to ward off a second, more devastating attack. British Armour continues to fight its way up the corridor, but is hopelessly delayed by various events.


Operation ends


After securing Nijmegen Bridge, XXX Corps waits several hours for its infantry forces to finish securing the town, much to General Gavins disappointment. Finally Sosabowskis troops enter the battle. They attempt to reinforce the British in Arnhem, but fail. With the Germans fully alert, they gun down several Polish troops during their drop. They are only able to get a few men across to reinforce the British. After days of house-to-house fighting in Arnhem, with paratroops versus crack SS infantry and Panzers, many of the paratroopers are either captured or forced to withdraw. The dialogue between Frost and Bittrichs adjutant requesting surrender, and getting a reply the paratroopers do not have the facilities to accept German surrender, never took place. Instead Brigadeführer Heinz Harmel, commander of the 10th SS Panzer Division Frundsberg, selected a British prisoner, Sergeant Stanley Halliwell, and sent him into the British perimeter to request that Frost surrender his forces. After arriving, Halliwell explained what Harmel wants; Frost gave Halliwell a message for Harmel to Go to hell, as is portrayed in the movie. Halliwell then told Frost, If it’s all the same to you, Colonel, I’ll stay. Jerry [the Germans] will get the message sooner or later. Operation Market Garden has failed. Urquhart manages to escape capture with less than two thousand of his troops, the remainder are forced to stay behind and give themselves up. Urquhart confronts Browning about his personal feeling about the operation, which was determined to have been 90% successful by a satisfied Montgomery. When asked if he thinks the operations went well, Browning replies Well, as you know, I always felt we tried to go a bridge too far.
