IoBit Advanced SystemCare 5 Beta

Slow down, freeze, crash and security threats are over. Advanced SystemCare Free is a comprehensive PC care utility that takes an one-click approach to help protect, repair and optimize your computer. Advanced SystemCare is a very useful system tweak application. This is only for those comfortable with beta testing software otherwise download the latest stable build here.

Scanning and finding what other utilities miss, it can keep your PC error-free and smooth than ever. This fantastic program is available free of charge.

Powerful Hard Drive Defragmentation High-speed Disk Defrag function to defragment hard drives up to 10 times faster than other defragmentation tools. Next-generation Registry Clean and Optimization Safely cleans registry junk, compacts registry bloats and defragment the whole registry for maximum performance.

Defends PC Security with Extra Protection Detect and analyze Windows security environment. Scans and removes spyware and adware using up-to-date definition files. Prevents spyware, hackers and hijackers from installing malicious items on your computer. Erases and updates your PC’s activity history. Quick and Extensive Clean-up for Hard Drives Boosts your system’s performance by cleaning missing files, destroying unwanted files, deleting obsolete files, and removing junk files. Supports clean-up of over 50 different types of junk files.

Speeds Up PC Performance and Internet Access Tunes up Windows by unleashing the built-in power of your system. Dramatically improves both system and Internet performance up to 400%. Fixes Multiple System Errors Does more than a registry cleaner, keeping your PC stable and running at peak efficiency. Repairs PC configurations by eliminating system bottlenecks and preventing crashes. Extremely Easy to Use Completes its work with just one click. Scans, repairs and gives personal care to your PC in one minute.

Features:

Scan and remove spyware and adware with the latest definition
Prevent spyware, hijackers and bad websites from being installed
Erase the history of all activities in your computer
Scan and fix invalid and improper registry entries
Detect and remove invalid startup items
Search and Clean up unused Windows garbage
Repair system configurations, Eliminate System Bottlenecks and Prevent Crashes
Tune up Windows to improve both system and Internet performance, unleash the power of your Windows
Analyze and Show detailed information of hardware and Windows
Finish all Work with one click, Super Easy to Use

Changelog:
+ Improved Interface
+ Improved Toolbox Module
+ Improved Turbo Boost Module
+ Improved Multi-Language Support
* Fixed General Bugs

Just install the .exe

Enjoy 