                 Black Mirror III (c) Viva Media


12-04-2011........Release Date ... Protection.............Nothing
Adventure............Game Type ... Disk(s)..................1 DVD


RELEASE NOTES

In the final chapter of this acclaimed horror trilogy, Black Mirror 3:
Final Fear picks up right where the thrilling ending to Black Mirror 2:
Reigning Evil left off

Only a short time ago, Darren Michaels was a quiet store clerk in a
sleepy New England town. Now in Willow Creek, England, a tormented
Darren barely reacts as police handcuffs are closed on his wrists. All
the evidence points to him, and the police have arrested Darren as
their primary suspect in a fatal crime. He s subjected to extensive
questioning, but Darren is numb to the events occurring around him, and
has withdrawn into a deep emptiness. Then after several weeks of
incarceration, Darren is unexplainably released

But he is not free. Darren remains terrorized by sleepless nights
nightmare-like visions, and the chilling specter of murder and death

Now alone, Darren must continue his search to uncover what has been
happening to him and lift the veil on his clouded past. What has he
really seen? What do his torturous nightmares really mean? Who is the
mysterious person that posted the bail to set him free? What demons lie
waiting in the crypt?

Return to face the dark forces that haunt the ominous Black Mirror
Castle as you search for the secrets that lie behind the tangled web of
haunting riddles, mysterious secrets and dark characters. Alternate
between two playable characters, as you explore over 120 highly
detailed and atmospheric locations, and interact with over 50
characters in your quest for redemption

Dare to find the answers in the climactic final chapter of this epic
trilogy - for once you gaze into the Black Mirror, you won t be able to
look away


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


GREETINGS

Unleashed - TiNYiSO - MRN - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - GENESIS - Fairlight
SHOCK - CRUDE - ReUnion - VACE - OUTLAWS - BACKLASH - Titan