More so than any other music since the blues, hip-hop is all about stories. Some Fiction, some not but Erie 

Ave's music is all based upon the harsh realities of his life. A life which many people never have to see 

due to the priveleged position they were born into and many others are just too afraid to see. Without a 

record deal how far can an artist from the street really get? That is the million dollar question facing 

Erie Ave and the answer to that question will unfold along with Erie's rise from Hell Bottom. Welcome to 

the legacy, the deception of an unsigned artist with caviar dreams.

Erie was born in a place that was so dangerous that, when there's trouble, the government can't really do 

too much about it. Street wars, poverty, crime in all it's forms and anything else that has to do with 

violence, is the life in Africa. On September 14, 1988 a soulja named Malik (Erie Ave) was born in the 

heart of the gutters and ghettos in the Congo. His parents wanted he and his brothers to grow up in a safe 

and better environment so they moved to America when Erie was 4 or 5 and settled in Washington DC in an 

area where (as it turned out) it was very similar to the place they had come from. "I remember practically 

learning how to count by listening to the gunshots every night when we first got there" says Erie.

 Years flew by and Erie started to adapt and became a problem child. Even though he grew up in a big family 

Erie always felt lonely so he isolated himself and did whatever he wanted and didn't care about anything. 

"I believe that feeling of loneliness came from not really getting along with my brothers and sisters, and 

my parents or anyone else not understanding me" says Erie. 

As Erie grew up his parents moved frequently until they ended up in Maryland where, at the age of 11, Erie 

started running the streets, and started kicking it with two of his home boys Name Keino (Klutch) and Dialo 

(D). They formed a small click together and started rapping, never serious about it, so they just 

freestyled all the time on the corner or anywhere they could. "I never got the love at home that I felt as 

though I needed, so I ran the streets, where I felt as though I was home" says Erie.

Growing up in a broken home with a lot of financial problems lead Erie to become a hustla, making money by 

any means necessary and school was nowhere near his mind. He stared to live a dangerous life, but it didn't 

matter too much to him. "As long as I can survive" was his motto. He was stabbed and shot at the age of 14 

and faced many more potentially deadly situations while living the thug life. 

As a result he has been to several juvenile facilities. The last one that he was in really got him thinking 

about this rap game and his future. With that in his mind he started to get serious about writing lyrics 

day and night and got out and started revealing the talent that he possess on stage in local venues in the 

greater Washington DC area. Now he is determined to show the world what he can do as a rapper and an 

entertainer.

Connect with Erie Ave on these social networks and follow his rise to fame:

Twitter:

Facebook:

Youtube:

Myspace: