Custom versions of LBA1 and LBA2 from www.lbahq.com, with additional extras. The custom versions are ready to play on all windows versions after installation. The options are preconfigured DOSBOX for both versions, LBAWIN for LBA, or a windows patch for LBA2.

For the most trouble- free experience DOSBOX is recommended for both games. Although LBAWIN for LBA has a lot of nice additional options, like disabling wall hits when running.

Audio languages: English, German and French for both
Text: English, German, French, Italian and Spanish(LBA). +Portuguese in LBA2.



Little Big Adventure (aka. Relentless) 

From Magic Ball Network:
Little Big Adventure (LBA for short) was first released at the end of 1994. It was released in Europe by Electronic Arts and in the USA under the name 'Relentless' by Activision. LBA sold over 400.000 copies worldwide in the first release. LBA was the first game created under the label of Adeline Software International. The game was release in two versions, a CD-Rom version and a diskette version. The CD-Rom version has full motion video, high quality music and speech.
The game

Downtown Citadel Island
The game is viewed from a 3D isometric perspective (the game field is rotated 45 degrees). All characters and vehicles are real 3D polygon based objects, so they move very smoothly. The rest of the game is sprite based. The game field is devided in scenes (a small piece of the whole game that is active). So when you are in one scene nothing happens in the other scenes. Click to enlargeEverytime you walk out of a scene into a new one the game is saved automatically. 
Finding Zoe
After completion of certain tasks you will be treated with an awesome full motion video sequence. All the text in the game is also spoken (CD-Rom version only). The game world is very vast, there are 11 diffirent islands and over 120 scenes to visit. You will visit places like a desert, snow mountain, underground village, rebellion island, etc. Almost every character you see in the game is interactive, the world itself is also very interactive, you can search trach bins, closets, etc.



Little Big Adventure 2 aka. Twinsen's Odyssey:
 
From Magic Ball Network:
The sequal to LBA\Relentless is called LBA2 in Europe and Twinsen's Odyssey in the rest of the world. The main diffirence between the European version and the other versions is that the European version has multiple spoken languages, you can choose from: English, German and Frensh. The rest of the game is identical. LBA2 is the third game released under the Adeline software label. LBA2 was initial released in 1997, after that the European distributer (Electronic Arts) released ceveral "budget" releases of the game.
The game

Citadel Island Harbor
The world of LBA2 is split in two parts: inside houses and buildings and the ouside world. Inside the game is rendered the same was as LBA1 was: in a 3D iso-metric point of view. Outside the game is rendered in complete 3D. All characters and vehicles are fully 3D. The game is still devided in scenes, but outside the adjacent scenes are also rendered so you can see the whole 3D world.
he adjacent scenes however are not active, all characters in there are not rendered. Just like in LBA1 you will be treaded with some high quality full motion video sequences while on your quest.

The 3 planets
The game world in LBA2 is even larger then in LBA1, you can travel to 3 diffirent planets, visiting 9 diffirent location and over 180 scenes. You can visit two of the islands on Twinsun, you can tarvel through space to visit Emerland Moon and the alien planet Zeelich where you can visit 6 alien islands.

Extras:
- Savegames
- Cheats
- LBAWIN trainer
- Interviews and magazine articles.
