AN INTRODUCTION TO “CINICO TV”

Cinico TV was a television series broadcast during the late 80s and early 90s on RAI3, traditionally known as the “cultural channel”; in those years RAI3 was the most open and innovative channel on Italian television. It was a revolutionary series which dropped out of nowhere into the tranquil Italian television landscape like a UFO: an object rained down from nothing, never before witnessed, unidentifiable. The series consisted of short sketches, each one lasting only a few minutes. The creators were Daniele Ciprì and Franco Maresco, both in their thirties and from Palermo. They shot on a very low budget; they were directors, writers, scenographers and directors of photography. Their set: the deserted outskirt of a Palermo, which portrayed not just itself but also acted as a metaphor of the world. Before the lens various characters – stationary or warily moving about – became the protagonists of the series through their dialogue with a mysterious and imperious off-scene voice. These characters are loaded with devastating tragicomic humanity; characters, at best borderline, more often than not beyond the normality of everyday life. It was the distorted world of the elderly cyclist Francesco Tirone, the flautulist Paviglianiti, the aphasic Miranda in his white underwear and Pietro Giordano, who, with unflinching seriousness, assumed the thankless role of sewer rat, serial rapist, human excrement lying in a ditch… The refined black and white cinematography, the Sicilian sky filled with clouds, deeply contrast the wearied bodies and the sub-human squalor. The tone of the series was one of dark, exhilarating, metaphysical comedy. As a programme it was either loved or hated, it had the ability to elicit feelings of repulsion just as it was able to stimulate intellectual debate on: trash culture, the aesthetics of ugly, post-modernism, the post-historic world and the end of humanity. An enthusiastic critique foud shades of Beckett and Pasolini. Over the years the popularity and singular acuteness of the series have ensured its cult status.

For the first time on DVD and comprehensively subtitled in English, the production of Cinico TV. This first volume contains the Cinico TV series from the year 1989 to 1992. The forthcoming second volume will complete the series with the years 1993-1996.


“I like Ciprì and Maresco’s courage to portray a barbaric Italy” (Mario Monicelli)

“Among their contemporaries, I applaud only Ciprì and Maresco: the degradation of the subject matter, images tha are more than just images, sounds that are more than just sounds” (Carmelo Bene)

“Heirs to a great twentieth century tradition” (Edoardo Sanguineti)

“Amongst the few directors to have invented an entire world” (Goffredo Fofi)

“The only two significant directors of the modern Italian cinema” (Attila Bihro)

TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS:

Duration: 2:28:50
Bit Rate: 2127.68 kbps
File Size: 2.32 GB
Video Format: MPEG2 VIDEO
Resolution: 720*576 pixels
Frame Rare: 25.0 fps
Audio: mp3
Bit Rate: 128.00 kbps
Sample Rate: 44100 Hz
Channels: 2
