Dj.Nece's Ladies Nightout 16
Wow this heat be making it happen!Here it is children i hope you are all well and ready for my Ladies Nightout 16 mix with
some really great artist as usual two unsigned and awesome promos. I am getting great feedback on these mixes and I 
thank you although unsigned and I still work for you all to enjoy some great music and do my best to find some exculsive
jams and ofcourse with the intention to have those lovely ladies shake like maracas!Here is the tracklist:
The Review of Ladies Nightout
1. Carla Blank-Take That Funk
2. Rihanna-RockStar(Chew fu Teachers Pet Clean Edit)
3. Armand Van Helden and A Trak Present Sauce-Anyway
4. Soft Cell-Memobilia(Cicada Dub Version)
5. Christina Aguilera-Not Myself Tonight(Chus y Ceballos Remix)You know I had to place them back to back due to chris' bad comments about Lady GagaLOL
6. Lady Gaga Feat. Beyonce-Telephone(Dj.Dan Vocal mix)
7. Luciana Feat.David Vendetta-Make Boys Cry
8. David Guetta Feat. Kid Cudi-Memories(Armand Van Helden Vocal Remix)
9. Sleeptalk-Just Imagination(Extended Mix)Love Traxx Records
10.Jenna Drey-Girls Nightout(Andy harding radio mix)
11.Eva Soul-Lookout Weekend(Ad Cruze Dirty Vox Remix)Digital Vinyl Recordings
12.Peter Rauhofer-The DJ List    *69 Records
13.Madonna-Devil Wouldn't Recognize You(Pander's Melodic Heaven Dub)Thank you Madonna you rocked it!
14.Mendo-Madrugada
15.Jes-Love Song(Coco Chanel Remix)
16.Max Graham Feat.Neev kennedy-Sin In The Winter(Estiva Remix)
17.Marc Bestgen-Playa De Las Americas"Thanks again Marc!!"

Thank you for your loving ears and loving support to an unsigned DJ that loves music the way I do you are the best.
Many hugs to all those record labels that have supported me from the begining and still do. To the artist that I have 
played on this and other mixes I love your work and am very greatful that you have provided this for all only God does 
things like that possible. You what to do people gossip it(The Mix), spread it, blog it, kite it, text it, send it, ETC.
Love
Nece



<embedheight='340' width='579' allowscriptaccess='always' allowfullscreen='true'
