Trans-Siberian Orchestra - Night Castle [MP3 320kbps][Nautilus-BT]
Join www.nautilus-bt.org

[img]http://img848.imageshack.us/img848/9318/tsonc.jpg[/img]

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra (often abbreviated to TSO) is a progressive rock band founded in 1993 by producer, composer, and lyricist Paul O'Neill, who brought together Jon Oliva and Al Pitrelli (both members of Savatage) and keyboardist and co-producer Robert Kinkel to form the core of the creative team. The band's musical style incorporates classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into hard rock and heavy metal. The orchestra is most famous for their Christmas-themed series of rock operas (Christmas Eve and Other Stories, The Christmas Attic, and The Lost Christmas Eve), for which they do an annual winter tour. Their other releases are based on historical themes (Beethoven's Last Night and Night Castle). Trans-Siberian Orchestra is also known for their extensive charity work and elaborate concerts, which are complete with a full orchestra, a massive light show, lasers, dozens of pyrotechnics, moving trusses, video screens, and other effects that are synchronized to the actual music.

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra is known for their incorporation of classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into rock and heavy metal music. They are listed under many genres, but mostly symphonic rock, progressive rock, neo-classical metal, and classical music. Three of their albums – Christmas Eve and Other Stories ( 1996 ), The Christmas Attic ( 1998 ), The Lost Christmas Eve ( 2004 ) – are based around Christmas themes. These rock operas, collectively known as the "Christmas trilogy," remain their best-selling and most famous works.

Both in the recording studio and live, Trans-Siberian Orchestra uses a full orchestra, choirs, and a constantly growing and changing group of singers and musicians. It was founded and is produced and led by head composer and lyricist Paul O'Neill, alongside composer and vocalist Jon Oliva and guitarist and music director Al Pitrelli (both members of the progressive metal band Savatage), with co-producer, composer, and keyboardist Robert Kinkel.

Night Castle is the fifth album released by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra. It was released on October 27, 2009. It is only the second studio album released by TSO that does not involve a Christmas theme, the other being Beethoven's Last Night. It includes a version of "O Fortuna" from Carmina Burana by Carl Orff, which was previewed live by the band during their 2004-2008 tours. It also contains four rewritten versions of previous Savatage songs as well as "Nutrocker", a song by famed Runaways producer Kim Fowley with guest bassist Greg Lake from Emerson, Lake & Palmer.


TrackList

CD 1

01 - Night Enchanted
02 - Childhood Dreams
03 - Sparks
04 - The Mountain
05 - Night Castle
06 - The Safest Way Into Tomorrow
07 - Mozart and Memories
08 - Another Way You Can Die
09 - Toccata - Carpimus Noctem
10 - The Lion's Roar
11 - Dreams We Conceive
12 - Mother and Son
13 - There Was a Life

CD 2

01 - Moonlight And Madness
02 - Time Floats On
03 - Epiphany
04 - Bach Lullaby
05 - Father, Son & Holy Ghost
06 - Remnants of a Lullaby
07 - The Safest Way Into Tomorrow (Reprise)
08 - Embers
09 - Child of the Night
10 - Believe
11 - Nutrocker
12 - Carmina Burana
13 - Tracers


----------------------------------------------

Formato                          : MPEG Audio
Versione del formato             : Version 1
Profilo del formato              : Layer 3
Modalità                         : Costante
BitRate                          : 320 Kbps
Canali                           : 2 canali
SamplingRate                     : 44,1 KHz

----------------------------------------------




Join www.nautilus-bt.org