Lil Gaping Lesbians 4 (2011)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/827228D2_Lil_Gaping_Lesbians_4_dvd.htm 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=1565147&partner_id=10008495

Studio 	Evil Angel Ea-Productions
Release Date Jan 27, 2011
Category Anal, Girl-Girl, All Girl, Toy Play
Director Jay Sin
Starring Chastity Lynn, Monica, Kiera King, Anita Hengher, Logan, Cristal May, Willa, Mandy Dee, Aspen, Lina, Bella Russa

Jay Sin's Lil' Gaping Lesbians 4 merges the fun and sweetness of girl-girl teen porn with the perversity of all-anal toys and never-ending rim jobs on tender, gaping assholes. Petite blonde Cristal May and starkly attractive black-haired ...    Full DescriptionLina start things off, applying makeup while dressed in flamboyant pink and black showgirl outfits, including high heels and sexy striped leggings. While engaged in a mad butt-rimming dildo party, the little lasses take time to highlight each other's pussy lips, nipples and wide-open winking sphincters with tubes of pretty pink lipstick. Cute Kiera King, a slutty brunette with a generous, cushy ass, and blonde pixie Chastity Lynn enjoy a Sapphic rendezvous in a girly room decorated with fuzzy pillows and stuffed animals. They enhance their big sex toy and gape-licking fun with the aid of sticky lollipops and colorful gummi worms. Sensuous, all-natural Russian babe Anita Hengher is now a brunette. Her elastic anus gets a fine reaming from raven-haired Bella Russa, a Russian knockout wearing Bettie Page bangs and lacy black stockings; Bella feeds a long string of fat gold beads into Anita's gaping anus. Next, two more Russian lovelies - cherubic blonde Logan and slender brunette beauty Aspen - go after each other's butt with phallic toys, each girl lapping and drooling into the other's lewdly expanding butthole. Finally, a class in dildo etiquette: Blonde teacher Mandy Dee, commanding attention with her huge, natural boobs, disciplines her naughty class of three nubile teen cuties. Ms. Mandy gives the misbehaving trio light spanks with a ruler as she orally examines their young rectums. Then the students are permitted to apply their new knowledge on Professor's tasty, dilated butthole!
