ARTiST.. Various
TiTLE... The Real Sound Of Chicago
GENRE... Disco                  GRABBER. EAC
LABEL... BBE                    ENCODER. Lame 3.98.4
YEAR.... 2010                    QUALiTY. vbr 216kbps
SOURCE.. CDDA                    MODE.... Joint-Stereo
PLAYTIME 126:35 min              REL.DATE 04.22.2011
TRACKS.. 24                      RiPPER.. TEAM OMA
SiZE.... 195,10 MB              SUPPLiER TEAM OMA

.. T R A C K  L i S T ..

NR. TRACK.                                            TiME.

CD1

01  Premonition - Your Love Is In The Pocket          04:23
02  Loveship - Love So New                            05:57
03  Larry Houston - Promise (Instrumental Version)    06:12
04  Lajohn & Sheela - Too Far Gone                    05:32
05  Yohon - B.T. (Boogie Terrestrial)                07:10
06  Billy Hinton - A Challenge                        03:48
07  Maxx Traxx - Don't Touch it                      04:44
08  On Stage - Hooked On Your Love                    05:18
09  Sidney Thomas - Look, Let's Make Love            03:53
(And See If You Like It)
10  Bilalian Express Feat. Paula & Larry Henderson -  03:24
Disco Nights
11  Martin L. Dumas, Jr. - Attitude, Belief &        09:47
Determination
12  Ghalib Ghallab - School Days (Mr. Peabody's Edit) 07:09

CD2

01  Expo feat. J. Eliot Robinson - Road To Sunshine  04:37
02  Gregory James - Happy Baby                        04:01
03  Carmen Amez - Never Gonna Fall In Love Again      07:02
(Like I Fell In Love With You)
04  Tomorrow's People - Open Soul                    05:05
05  The Moore Brothers - Bass Come Back              05:04
06  Lonnie Givens - Runnin' To A Disco                06:22
07  The Esquires - What Is Good Music                03:37
08  Synergy feat. Jimmy Tillman - Can You Feel It    04:07
09  Brighter Side Of Darkness - Disco Ball            04:30
10  Fantasie - The Composer (Mr. Peabody's Edit)      05:54
11  Cheryl Berdell - Fall In Love                    03:50
12  Cold T - Funky Preacher (Mr. Peabody's Edit)      05:09

TOTAL:126:35

.. R E L E A S E  N O T E S ..

Chicago, A place known for its talent of
musicians across many genres of music. Soul,
Funk, Rock, Jazz, Blues, etc. In modern times,
Chicagos dance floors have a worldwide
reputation for House Music. Its a sound that
has pretty much reached to areas all across
the globe. In the Early developmental stages
of the Chicago dance era (mid-late 1970s to
early 1980s), there were scores of musicians
recording dance music hoping to be the next
mainstream success story. Well, for the
artists on this compilation it didnt quit
turn out that way. Instead, budget problems,
politics, being told, I dont like it, or
simply having the door slammed in their face,
is what many of these artists were faced with
instead. Nevertheless, the musicianship those
artists possessed by far equaled or defined
infinite status of what todays market call
Good Music. Weve been distributing rare
dance gems across the globe together now for a
little over a decade. Being the music
enthusiasts, that we are, 4 years ago, we
opted to bring the art of record collecting to
a higher level. So, while walking down the
street, we decided to open a record store. Mr.
Peabody Records was the name we decided on.
Now, The name doesnt quite fit 2 black guys
from the South side of Chicago but according
to our math, it worked, which it did. Weve
spent many years traveling various
destinations, home and abroad in an effort to
snare every possible unique vinyl gem we came
across. We supported our massive record
collecting habit by selling a wide genre of
collectible vinyl globally to people of the
same passion. As far as us being dance floor
DJs, our selections gravitates towards rare
and unplaced dance material from the past,
with of course a few modern day exceptions. We
are pretty strict in our programming so expect
nothing but the best. Since the opening of our
store, weve acquired so much more. So much
so, we decided to do a specialized compilation
for BBE. The first of its kind, highlighting
dance floor material exclusively from the
Chicago area, mid 70s to early 80s. This
compilation is a musical insight to the black
underground dance material made in Chicago
before house music kicked in. We call it, The
Real Sound Of Chicago.

Premonition  Definitely in a class of its
own, this groovy, soulful, cosmic dance oddity
by premonition has the sound that gains all
the attention on the dance floor. A perfect
introduction setting the tone for whats to
come on the rest of this compilation. Only a
handful of tracks from this release are
believed to exist and ironically, it walked
right through our doors on a summer day a few
years ago.

Loveship  Hailing from the Southside of
Chicagos Cash Ear record label, this modern
style dancer masterpiece by Loveship has it
all. From an uplifting chorus with added
seasoning from Angie Ditto on vocals, to the
deep rippling bassline from the band section.
This one seems to never end. The band
consisted of 3 guys and some females, a proper
blend of talent put together to turn out a
fantastic dance floor cut such as this one.
Retrieved from a box of dusty albums sitting
next to furnace in a basement on the east side
and finally reaching a proper home to the ears
of deserving listeners.

Larry Houston  We found our first copies of
this record 12years ago sitting in the bins of
a local record store on the north side amongst
a bunch of 80s commercial dance
twelve-inches. In those days, gems like this
would go undiscovered for months until we came
along. This stomping crossover disco record
has the word classic written all over it.
But, in the days of low budgets for promotion,
it remained underground till years later.

Lajohn & Sheela  We were surveying a few
storage units in the west suburbs of the city,
which contained the remains of a popular large
Westside bar that was popping from the late
60s to early 80s. Amongst it we found,
posters, bar stools, cooking equipment,
speakers, a Bozak mixer and more. After moving
along to the next unit, we found about 10,000
records and in the 3rd storage unit and an
additional 3000 records. Buried within lied
this nice mellow boogie tune. Years later
after tracking down Lajohn, who is now a
police officer, we obtained other copies. An
extraordinary tune of its time and definitely
a dance floor hit in our eyes.

Yohon - At the height of the E.T. phenomenon,
there many tracks made with the theme. A
little after we met and teamed up, we visited
a good friend and now deceased dealer here in
Chicago named Art Morales. He was very well
known amongst 45 collectors. This day he had
found a load of 70s & 80s dance singles.
Being that we were probably the only guys in
the city buying large loads of dance twelves
at the time he turned them over to us.
Amongst many rare gems on this skid was this
marvelous warm early 80s dance track.
Listening to it literally puts you into a
cosmic dream. Most people back then would have
played it and said Naaa, we said yeahhh.
This was a time when hardly anyone would
appreciate the sound a record like this had to
offer. Luckily, it made it into the right
hands.

Billy Hinton  This group of talented musician
at the time headed by 25yo Billy Hinton, and
consisting two younger siblings 19yo Curtis
and 17yo Beverly, combined to form the group
Beige in the 70s to 80s. They bought aboard
Maxine Gardner (introduced to them by Terry
Marshall Of Maxx Traxx) to lay down the
vocals. A fine job they did with this Chicago
soulful dance groove with the primary
arrangment being done by Keith Henderson Also
Of Maxx Traxx. Billy did a fine job putting
everyone together on this production. We
obtained the first copies of this record from
a now long gone distributor from the South
East Side.

Maxx Traxx  Formally known as the 70s Soul
group Third Rail, this artist re-invented
themselves to roll out a dance tune with a
cutting edge sound. Sharp, cutting, and
screaming synths throughout along with a
blanket of joyous male vocals. We have many
memories of getting together down in Mikes
basement where we would jam it on regularly.
Its a true Peabody anthem of sorts. Amazing
how in todays time, a record that wouldnt
even sell at 7 would weigh in current times
at over 300 Dollars. But with todays global
interest, its to be expected from a record of
this caliber.

Sidney Thomas  This release was Obtained from
a former musician Larry of a Chicago based
record label. While sitting down having a
chat, he said musicians would literally swap
each others material and pass it along as a
primitive style of networking to get a buzz
going amongst the Chicago natives. Look,
Lets Make Love is a really feel good track
that was released on the Chicago based east
side independent label, Parallel Records. Its
a galloping disco tune with female vocals that
will seduce and gain all mens attention on
the dance floor. See if you like it.

Billilian Express  Yet another discovery
amongst a rodent infested basement on the West
side. Ever played a 45 that was off center a
little bit? Well this one sounds similar but
the track was designed that way. It defines
the raw soulful experimentation where
musicians totally went against the grain to
try something new. Disco Nights is a really
groovy ride with strong blaring horn
re-enforcement. A real dance floor blaster
brought to you by Likes Of Larry Henderson, a
figurehead and key producer on Chicagos
underground soul scene.

Martin Dumas  This one is yet another rare
find amongst the more obvious of records
coming thru the shop. Attitude, belief, and
determination give new definition to the term
Spiritual with plenty of groove power packed
behind it. This track definitely is a down
tempo soulful track that will have you assured
that good things are bound to happen, and it
has Anthem written all over it as well. Get
ready for 10 minutes of pure bliss.

Ghalib Ghallab - This selection was recorded
at the Chicago Bulls Jazz Club In The Citys
Lincoln Park Area On The North side. The club
was literally underground in a basement with a
smoky dark culture with paintings along the
wall. Ghallab was a Southside native attending
Chicagos Harlan High School. He had a natural
knack for keyboards and played with ambient
energy. His style spanned across many genres
of music, from soul to classical. Recorded in
1981, this rare groove by Ghallab has a theme
we all can relate to. A really good summer
song with a fantastic sax solo from Dr. Edwin
Daugherty.

Expo  While checking out a record collection
at a home in the Southsides Pullman district,
this guy brings out a few boxes of Lps that
had obviously been picked through. We asked
him, Do you have any other records that have
not been seen? He returns from a guest
bedroom and replies, I found these while
cleaning up a couple months ago. Turns out,
the records belong to his brother from New
York who had stayed with him for a short time
in the 80s. The very odd thing is that the
45s were all in sleeves and in immaculate
shape, much different than the Lps he had
just previously showed us. Amongst the
selection of mostly independent 45s was this
unique spin. Another independent early 80s
boogie bomb tune from a Local group named
Expo. A very bright and moving track with the
vocals being laid down by J. Elliot Robinson.
This inspirational track quickly became one of
our dance floor favorites.

Gregory James  This oddity on the Kelli-Arts
label later fell along the way side to the
labels more popular group, Magnum Force. This
group was a collaboration between 2 Guys,
Gregory Bibb and James Norris. A very smooth
and sophisticated disco release with warm
horns, nice keys, and excellent complimentary
female vocals. The break goes into a groove
that has a soulful trance like element to it.
We had this record in the shop from time to
time, and it fell on the deaf ears and went
neglected for the most part. Maybe it wasnt
played loud enough. However, we always loved
it. Now if anyone goes to retrieve this tune
other than this compilation, they're most
likely going to have to pay from this point
on.

Carmen Amez  Classic soap opera disco but
arranged right Heres the story -We were in a
warehouse in the Midwest around 11 years ago.
We were in separate areas going through skids
of vinyl, Mike yells out from the other side
I Bet This Ones Tight. He broke out the
portable player and dropped the needle on the
disc. We both started laughing. A very common
reaction when we found what we called a Cut.
This one turned out to be a fantastic disco
track with a break that will leave you mouth
hanging open to the floor.

Tomorrows People  This maximum disco/funk
head nodder from the Stage Productions label
is very sought after on the collectors scene
at this moment. Our gift to you The band
consisting of 6 brothers got together to
conceive this awesome masterpiece Open Soul.
Seven minutes of deep funky basslines,
screaming vocals, and fantastic instrument
solos will leave you mesmerized. The original
track on the Rare 6 Track Lp is timed at
around 20 Minutes (One Entire Side Only).
Weve shortened it here to save space on this
comp, and of course to give the collectors
something to dig for. Dont worry this 7min
version will do more than wet your whistle.

The Moore Brothers (Debut 1st Release)  One
day all is going as normal in the shop. Then,
an elderly lady shows up with a box of Gospel
LPs, mostly Savoy label stuff and some
various others. Literally, right in the middle
of the box we were going through, there was a
solid white cardboard sleeve. We immediately
pulled it out and inside turned out to be
acetate titled, The Moore Brothers. Being
that Chicago had many Moores we really
didnt have the confidence in finding the
makers of the material. So by initiating some
hard work and bouncing from person to person,
we found Mr. Moore right here in Chicago. He
informed us that the acetate in our possession
was the only existing copy of the recording,
which originally belonged to their former
manager. He stated again We did some 45s but
this one was never made it to press, the
original tape was destroyed by accident after
we recorded it. After playing the track for
him, he added, Wow, I never heard this after
we recorded it. Hes positive that this
acetate we possess is the only existing copy
in the world. So there you have it, from the
Peabody Archives To You Ears. Weve restored
the disc to the best of our abilities. Enjoy

Pick Of The Liter  Over repetition is
something most music lovers agree is a pet
peeve. This selection is most likely the
exception to the rule, and on the dance floor,
it will bring a phenomenal response. This
intense rare 70s disco treasure under the
production of Lonnie Givens is definitely one
that sends you runnin though a wall, to get to
the disco, to hear it Plenty of percussion,
synthesizers, keys, and screaming voices make
up this track. A Fairly simple make-up, but it
definitely has a mind blowing sound.

Esquires  The make-up of this northern
Chicago region release by the esquires is the
answer to the title, What is good music. A
Percussive drum section, with smooth warm
layovers of synths and harmony amongst the
vocals, which is reminiscent of the doo-wop
era sound. A grossly underrated track for the
great sound that it consumes. Success was
halted after marketing and promotion came to
an unexpected stop. We still find copies of
this from time to time but in todays growing
popularity of collecting independent media, it
wont last for long.

Synergy  While going through the basement of
a former record store some 8 years ago, we
obtained our first copies of this disco-funk
rarity made by a husband and wife team. This
south-side couple along with some musicians
conceived this pumping disco track. It
literally winds up at the beginning then its
off to the party. An overly amplified
synthesizer is heard busting in and out of the
track, which adds more definition. This title
is pretty much to the point of extinction and
is yet another long time favourite of ours.

Brighter Side Of Darkness  Lennie Lacour
collaborated with this Chicago Group to add a
Disco Ball to the Magic Touch Arsenal.
Although the label had a moderate sized
catalog for an independent label. Scarce
demand prevented many of the titles from
earning the status Successful. This up-tempo
runner caught our ear as an exceptional dance
floor piece. We found the first copies around
9 years ago. We played hooky from our 9-5 jobs
to check out a collection at a residence in
K-Town. We showed up at the front porch,
introduced ourselves, and the guy tells us,
One Minute, he went back inside and came out
with 2 boxes of records a couple of smaller
box 45s. He had 10 copies of this and some
other various releases from the label.

Fantasie  Our first copy of this production
was obtained from the basement of a drug store
(formally a record shop years earlier) on the
south side. At an earlier time in Chicago, it
was not uncommon to see records amongst a loaf
of bread and some cough syrup. Back in the
days records were very plentiful in most
businesses, until cds took their place. Many
people over look tons of great records because
they simply didnt let the track play long
enough. In the Case of The Composer, It starts
as classical piano and ends with the sound of
a circus themed soundtrack. Whats in between
is what we describe as The Sound.

Cheryl Berdell  We had recently had our
outdoor overhead sign installed and were
inside doing construction preparing for our
grand opening. A guy knocks on the door and
ask, Are you guys open? we replied No.
Noticing he had a box of vinyl, we let him in
to take a look, which brought us this
selection  More classic soap opera disco done
right By the make-up of this selection, it
would make a fantastic climax but an even
better closing track that will leave everyone
wanting more. The sound of the sixties and
seventies has never been so sought after as at
the present moment. You could even argue that
modern music just isn't good enough. As
evidence consider this: contemporary producers
and artists are often looking back to get
inspired (insert staggering number of examples
here) so you can safely say that even in this
digital age the beating heart of modern R&B
and hip-hop is still vintage soul, funk and
jazz.
