Recording artist and performer Sara Kempe is signed to Goldust and EMI Records and is currently working on material for her debut album due for release later this year. She is an exceptional vocal talent with a very bright future ahead of her and 2010 is set to be the most exciting year yet in her fast developing career. She is working closely with The Celtic Manor and The European Golf Tour having recorded a song for Ryder Cup 2010 called ‘Let Me Fly (Where Dragons Play)’, which was specially written for her by composer Ben Robbins. It is the first time that there has a been a song specifically written for golf’s Ryder Cup, an event that attracts huge global television audiences, and with the combined support of the players, the European Tour and the music industry, it should help put Sara well and truly on the map. Further cementing Sara’s status as an artist to watch, she signed a deal with EMI Records in April that will see the release of her debut album later this year. Despite her youth, Sara has gained a considerable amount of live experience already having sung at home and abroad at a number of highly prestigious events. These include gigs in Pakistan and Abu Dhabi, in front of Royal Families and Nobel Laureates and in the UK Sara has performed at a number of key events including the Wales Open golf gala dinner at the Celtic Manor, Blenheim Palace and Chepstow Racecourse, where she sang live in front of the packed grandstands at the Coral Welsh Grand National - not to mention a live terrestrial TV audience in the millions. More recently, Sara was asked to perform alongside a list of household names including The Priests, Paul Potts, Rhydian, Aled Jones, Darius and many more on the “Classical Relief for Haiti charity single – The Prayer - which was released on Gray Barlow’s Future/Decca label (Universal) in March. The single raised both awareness and funds to help those who suffered in the Haitian disaster earlier this year. Looking ahead, the summer promises to be a busy one for Sara as she puts the finishing touches on her album and performs live at various events on the lead up to the Ryder Cup 2010, which starts on October 1st at the Celtic Manor Golf Resort in Wales. Aside from her love of music, Sara also has a passion for horses – she is a talented show-jumper and horse trainer - but her number one love is most definitely Stanley, her little Chihuahua, who she confesses to being ‘slightly obsessed with’. Sara loves to be busy, enjoys hanging out with her friends in London and also regularly visits her ‘real home’ in Wales to visit her family.