Genetica Studio 3.6 Portable

Genetica is an innovative node-based seamless texture, effect, and animation editor for professional 3D artists. With HDRI environment maps, more than 1000 presets, automatic seamlessness, and animation, Genetica will help you revolutionize your art. Genetica lays out a texture's construction visually so that it is easy to understand and edit.

Text

Create text directly within Genetica. Great for making logs as well as detailing textures!

Texture Synthesis

Use photographs to quickly create the most realistic seamless textures. Use your own photos or the included library of over a thousand royalty-free high-resolution texture photos.


Node-Based Workflow

All graphical elements can be visually rearranged, with no change being permanent. Results are resolution independent and automatically seamless.

Professional Drawing Tools

Create awesome designs with a full suite of drawing tools. Genetica will take care of making your drawings seamless.

Visual Styles

Achieve realism in seconds by applying sophisticated styles to your designs.

Powerful Lab System

Genetica combines the flexibility of its node-based system with a set of powerful Lab Nodes that automate tricky graphics tasks.

Advanced Lighting

Genetica simulates environmental reflections, global illumination, shadows, ambient occlusion, and more, in order to give you the most realistic surfaces possible.

Thousands of Presets

The number of preset textures, styles, and environment maps is now in the thousands. These royalty-free resources can be edited or used as-is in your projects.

Effect Maps

Genetica will generate effect maps that can be used in any of the channels supported by your 3D environment, such as bump, specular, reflection, luminance, and others.

Edit HDRI Environments

Create custom HDRI environment maps for use both within Genetica and your external 3D environment.

Render and Export HDRIs

Render and export HDRI environment maps in common formats like latitude/longitude, mirrored ball, and cubic.

Normal Maps

Enjoy fully-integrated normal map generation. Like any of the other effect maps created in Genetica, normal maps are automatically seamless and can be re-rendered at any desired resolution.

Hair and Fiber

The Hair node and Fiber Lab allow graphics professionals to quickly create a wide range of fully-seamless fibrous materials from animal fur to fuzzy cloth.

Batch Processor

The batch processor will allow you to automate a variety of repetitive tasks, such as applying the same effect to a number of textures, or automatically rendering large numbers of textures.

Lab Conversion

Convert Lab Nodes into node trees, giving you unmatched control over your textures.

HDRI and 32-Bit Output

Export images from Genetica in formats supporting high dynamic ranges and ultra-high color precision.

Create Animations

Create animated textures, transitions, and special effects.

Animation Presets

Take advantage of the library of royalty-free animated presets that come included in Genetica Studio.

Maximum Render Size

Higher editions are able to render textures at higher resolutions.

Home Page - http://www.spiralgraphics.biz/gen2tour/index.htm


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                        
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                       
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		