About the Game

Enter the realm of a retired assassin, forced back into action by treason. You may be a hired killer but you still have a sense of loyalty and justice. Visit the dark recesses of a world corrupted by crime, greed, degradation and dishonor. And a past that catches up with you.

Trust no one - if the price is right, the finger of your most trusted ally will be on the trigger. Your targets may hide in the most remote areas of the planet, but their destruction is never prevented - only postponed.

Learn your trade - master your tools - overcome your obstacles - outsmart your enemies - eliminate your targets. Remember: rash decisions bleed consequences. Know when to strike instantly, know when to take your time. Chance favors the prepared. Failure is not an option.

    Pick up contracts in exotic locations around the globe: Sicily, St. Petersburg, Japan, Malaysia, and India.
    Operate in a non-linear world where the outcome of your actions and proficiency as a hitman are measured on a balance between stealth and aggression.
    Stalk and eliminate your targets up close and personal, in either 1st or 3rd person perspectives.
    Execute your assignments with a diverse arsenal of equipment, from armor-piercing sniper rifles and explosives to chloroform and poison darts.
    Acquire and carry weapons and tools from mission to mission through an enhanced inventory and save-game system.
    Original soundtrack composed by Jesper Kyd and performed by The Budapest Symphony Orchestra.

System Requirements

    Minimum: Microsoft Windows 98/ME/XP, Pentium 3 450 MHz or equivalent, 100% DirectX 8.1 compatible video card with at least 16 megabytes of video memory, 128 MB system RAM, 100% DirectX 8.1 compatible sound card, 800 MB uncompressed free hard drive space, 100% Windows 98/ME/XP compatible mouse and keyboard

    Recommended: Pentium 3 1GHz equivalent or greater, 256 MB system RAM, 100% DirectX 8.1 compatible 3D Accelerator video card with 32 MB video RAM, 100% DirectX 8.1 compatible EAX Advanced HD Sound Card

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio.