This is a Release of Whiteout (2009) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.34GB
This Release includes:
- Whiteout (2009) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-Deleted Scenes
-Whiteout FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS
That’s THE WHOLE Whiteout DVD Ripped for you to ENJOY including the Deleted Scenes extras, found nowhere else on the net! Please Seed! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: 
Whiteout is a 2009 thriller film based on the 1998 comic book of the same name by Greg Rucka and Steve Lieber, and released on September 11, 2009.[3] The film was produced under the banner of Dark Castle Entertainment by Joel Silver, Susan Downey and David Gambino, is directed by Dominic Sena, is distributed by Warner Bros., and stars Kate Beckinsale, Gabriel Macht and Alex O'Loughlin in the lead roles. U.S. Marshal Carrie Stetko is three days from the end of her tour at an international research station in Antarctica after which she'll resign. An incident from her past haunts her. The continent's first winter storm is coming when a body, wearing no gear, is discovered in the tundra. She investigates, soon finds more bodies, and must find a motive and a murderer before the storm and her departure. A U.N. agent, Robert Pryce, appears, seemingly out of nowhere, to help. An aging physician about to retire, a nervous mission chief, a downed Soviet plane, and the weather's deadly elements add to the story. Can Carrie trust Pryce and does she still have what it takes? 

CAST:
Kate Beckinsale as Carrie Stetko, a U.S. deputy marshal.[4][5]
Gabriel Macht as Robert Pryce, a U.N. operative.[6]
Alex O'Loughlin as Russell Haden, a brazen pilot, who gets in trouble with the deputy marshal.[7]
Columbus Short as Delfy, a novice pilot, who helps the deputy marshal in the investigation.[7]
Tom Skerritt as Dr. John Fury
Shawn Doyle as Sam Murphy
Arthur Holden as McGuire
Bashar Rahal as Russian Pilot


DETAILS:
English
IMBD: tt0365929
101 Minutes

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION:
Lone u.S. Marshal the only one assigned to antarctica must investigate a murder and track down a serial killer on the frozen continent within three days before the dark winter begins.

Please Seed! Cheers…vladtepes3176
