The Jim Bohannon Show 10-Oct-11 CF mp3 32K
Commercial Free
Monday, October 10, 2011

On The Jim Bohannon Show...
We're not telling you anything you don't already know when we say the economy right now, for most of us, is terrible. A new report out today actually indicates that things have gotten much worse since the recession officially 'ended.' There is one group of Americans being particularly hard-hit by the economy, and we don't talk about them much: returning members of the U.S. military. One critical problem involves an issue much older than the current conflicts overseas: homelessness among our veterans. Some call this problem a tragedy, others a scandal. What it certainly is is shameful in a country - even in a bad economy - as rich as ours. As recently as 2004, almost 200 thousand veterans were homeless and living on the streets. That number has been reduced - the number last year was 105 thousand - but that's still way too many considering what these men and women gave to our country. Leading the way in righting this wrong is the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, which says homelessness among veterans is, at its root, primarily a health care issue, as many homeless vets are heavily burdened with depression and substance abuse. We'll learn about what's being done and how we can all help from Peter Dougherty, the V.A.'s coordinator for programs for homeless vets. 

Eighteen years ago, our guest this evening wrote a book about growing up as a part of the gang culture in East Los Angeles. It was a raw and powerful memoir about surviving the dangerous streets and his heroic struggle to find a way out. But what happened when he finally did get out? That's the subject of the second memoir from Luis J. Rodriguez, entitled "It Calls You Back: An Odyssey through Love, Addiction, Revolutions, and Healing" (published by Touchstone). It starts with his final stint in jail as a teenager and follows his struggle to kick heroin, renounce his former life, and search for meaningful work. He found he had talent as a writer - eventually winning accolades as a poet, journalist, fiction writer, and activist. But the past is never really gone, hence the title of the book. He had to confront that past when his son was sent to prison for a gang-related attempted murder - history repeating itself. (The guest's personal website is www.LuisJRodriguez.com.)
