PhotoPresenter v4.1 (Mac App Store)

Description

Create animated slideshows with photos, movies and music in seconds using PhotoPresenter, the template-based photo viewer. Choose one of 36 pre-built high-quality themes that will impress your audience with an animated presentation.

PhotoPresenter has a very streamlined workflow that allows you to present photos very quickly after capture.

1) Select your photos, movies and audio from any of the supported media libraries.
2) Choose a pre-built, high-quality theme
3) Press Play to show your presentation instantly or export to DVD, web, iPhone, iPad and many more

Animated Themes

PhotoPresenter 4 ships with many new and revised high-quality themes to create impressive animated slidehows. Select the photos or movies you'd like to present, along with music from your iTunes library; then just choose a theme and you're done. With only a few clicks you can show your clients, friends and family a selection of elaborately animated photos from your last photo shoot.

iPhoto, Flickr, Facebook, Photo Booth, Aperture

PhotoPresenter 4 is a good citizen on your Mac. It integrates with all of the iApps — iTunes, iDVD, iWeb and iPhoto — and also with Photo Booth and Aperture. If you're part of the Flickr or Facebook communities, you can access your photos there as well and use them for your presentation.

Sharing

The most elegant way to share your masterpieces is to create a standalone player. With a standalone player, every Mac user can enjoy your work at the best possible quality without having PhotoPresenter installed. If your audience does not have a Mac, you can export the presentations as video with many formats to choose from, including DVD, web, iPhone, iPod, iPad and Apple TV.

Automation with Smart Albums

PhotoPresenter 4 recognizes changes in Flickr Groups and Sets as well as in iPhoto’s or Aperture’s Smart Albums. New photos are integrated into the presentation instantly. This is the fastest way to keep a portfolio or your client’s projects up-to-date automatically. To optimize your workflow, PhotoPresenter can be extended easily with Automator Actions and Applescript scripts.


Manual
1. The .dmg consists of the .app and serial of the app
2. Copy the .app from the .dmg to Applications folder
3. Block all Connections using Little Snitch
3. Enter Serial given
4. Enjoy!!!

A Team ReApp Release
- AJhacks
- Reagan07

Follow me on Twitter