Beskrivning:
Artist: Dave Lindholm
Title Of Album: Blue Moon Cars
Year Of Release: 2011
Label: Bluelight Records
Genre: Roots Rock, Contemporary Blues
Quality: Mp3
Bitrate: 320 kbps
Total Time: 34:51 Min
Total Size: 84 Mb

Tracklist:

1. Coming Back To You
2. Baby You're Wild
3. Blue Eyed B
4. Yeah I'm Fine
5. The Shadow On The Wall
6. Hello Bob In D
7. One More Chance
8. If You Love Me
9. I Hear You
10. Beat The Drum
11. Lights Over Board
12. Once Upon A Tuesday

Ralf-Henrik ”Dave” Lindholm (born 31 March 1952, Helsinki) is Finnish guitarist and singer-songwriter who has made a career under his own name and also participated in some noteworthy groups. He has written songs and recorded in both Finnish and English.
Lindholm's first recordings were made with his band Ferris that published its sole recording in 1971 through Love Records label. He wanted to record for Love Records also under his own name. He suggested "Great Pen Lee" to be his new artist name but recording company persuaded him to change his name to "Isokynä" (trans. "big pen") and to sing in Finnish or Swedish instead of English. Thus he recorded two albums in Finnish in years 1972 and 1973. Especially the second one, called Sirkus, is considered as one of the most important Finnish rock albums.
In 1975 he established an English singing group simply called Rock 'n' Roll Band which released merely one album. In 1978 he released highly successful solo album Vanha ja Uusi Romanssi. He had dropped the name "Isokynä" and was now called simply Dave Lindholm. In 1979 he formed another English singing rock group called Bluesounds. Its most famous album is Black (1980).
Lindholm has keep on recording and performing his music throughout the years. He has enjoyed relatively little publicity compared to many other long term rock musicians in Finland but his works are highly respected by Finnish popular music critics and rock/pop music lovers. The most famous songs by Lindholm include "Pieni ja hento ote", "Jatsikansa tulee", "Sitähän se kaikki on", "Kaikki menee seinään", "Joo, joo, mä rakastan sua" ja "Annan kitaran laulaa vaan". 
 
 
