 http://bayimg.com/LaIAlAadd

The Temptation of St. Tony (2009) 

Püha Tõnu kiusamine 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1247696/

Estonian language with English subtitles.

A mid-level manager who develops an aversion to being good finds himself confronting the mysteries of middle-age and morality as he loses grasp of what was once his quiet life.

  Taavi Eelmaa  ...  Tõnu  
  Ravshana Kurkova  ...  Nadezhda  
  Tiina Tauraite  ...  Tony's wife  
  Sten Ljunggren  ...  Herr Meister  
  Denis Lavant  ...  Count Dionysos Korzybski  
  Hendrik Toompere Jr.  ...  Actor Toivo  
  Katariina Lauk  ...  Toivo's wife  
  Harri Kõrvits  ...  Director  
  Taavi Teplenkov  ...  Urbo  
  Marika Barabanstsikova  ...  Urbo's wife  
  Rain Tolk  ...  KLeine Willy  
  Liis Lepik  ...  Tony's child  
  Valeri Fjodorov  ...  Nadezhda's father  
  Evald Aavik  ...  Priest  


The Temptation of St. Tony is a visionary account of the moral journey of an ordinary man trying to do what's right in a world that's indifferent or hostile to goodness. Full of extreme imagery and offering many darkly satirical touches, this Estonian picture brings to mind the work of Luis Buñuel, David Lynch and Ingmar Bergman. 

A Tallinn yuppie's midlife crisis as hallucinatory odyssey of faith in a world gone to exhausted decadence and cannibalism, done with a kicky, surreal sense of humor. The black-and-silver photography is like fine-edged engraving; Õunpuu is one of the few directors featured who seems to take making a film as an Astonish me challenge, arthouse in a throwback way. Temptation's ecstatic visions do astonish as often as not. Also eager to make an impression is Miyoko, a spastic biopic of cult manga diarist Shinichi Abe—an oversexed alcoholic schizophrenic, he's a tortured-artist jackpot. Yoshifumi Tsubota's debut is noteworthy for its reproduction of bohemian Asagaya, Tokyo, in the '70s. Killer clothes.

Shot in grainy black and white and with an atonal and menacing sound design reminiscent of Lynch’s Eraserhead (1976), director Veiko Ounpuu (Sügisball, 2007) offers wonderfully absurd juxtapositions within the frame, a woman on a building site in full evening dress, a police chief undressing and spooning his suspect during an interrogation and a performance of Uncle Vanya in which the titular character is dressed as a bumblebee (A good piece. It made one think.). It’s consistently unpredictable filmmaking, full of often startlingly funny and beautiful images and ideas that skewer bureaucracy and business, acting and theatre, middle class pretensions and affected pseudo-liberalism, religious ideals and our relationships to each other and our pets.

The lower class has become an unbearable burden to the rich, an ugly blight tainting their existence. The lower class has not remained immune to Capitalism either, as the commodification of objects has trickled down to them (which is represented brilliantly when a homeless person empties a wine bottle, because the empty glass bottle has more worth than the wine that once filled it). The ravaged poor that aimlessly traverse the desolate landscape — who at times are indistinguishable from the rich drunkards who foolishly stumble about — plague the Capitalist world like mindless zombies.

The ruins of Communism surround Tony. The remaining non-modern structures — most of which are not fully intact — appear to have been severely ravaged by time (and possibly a barrage of bombs). Tony is merely a spectator witnessing the death and destruction of his old world. Being has evolved into nothingness. Tony, our St. Anthony (as epitomized by Hieronymus Bosch’s triptych painting The Temptation of St. Anthony), has been catapulted from the normalcy of his prior life into sheer demonic torment (which is represented most literally in The Golden Age, a Lynchian 1930s-style underworld cabaret for bourgeois hedonists). Tony’s only hope is that he will not succumb to temptation and the afterlife will be more fulfilling and pleasant than this living hell.

Stylistically pilfering from some of cinema’s great auteurs (such as Eric Rohmer, Luis Buñuel, Ingmar Bergman, Akira Kurosawa, David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick, Aki Kaurismäki and Jim Jarmusch), Estonian filmmaker Veiko Ounpuu’s The Temptation of St. Tony is like a ghost from cinema’s past (due at least in part to the luscious and meticulous black and white cinematography by Mart Taniel). ounpuu cleverly balances the creepy and foreboding nature of its dreamlike surrealism and the dark humor of Scandinavian absurdism with a strong and deep philosophical undercurrent which is ripe with social and political commentary. It is worth noting that the overwhelmingly negative interpretation of Capitalism is most likely a direct result of the economy of Ounpuu’s homeland of Estonia being the second worst hit of all 27 European Union members during the 2008–2009 economic crisis.

The dialogue is sparse, fragmented and seemingly random, yet in totality it forms a rich tapestry of philosophical and theological ruminations. Random characters expound upon the existence of man and man’s life worth; or they quote William Blake as they light their cigarettes. I suspect audiences will be polarized by Ounpuu’s narrative techniques, either declaring The Temptation of St. Tony to be a tedious and pretentious mess or a landmark work of cinematic genius.

