-=GREAT THINGS CAN COME FROM PEACE!=-

.Enjoy another quality rip from Gopo.
.Keep it real yooo!!!! Peace !!.

General information:

Complete title: Rain.Man.1988.BRRip.H264.AAC.Gopo
Format: MPEG-4
File size: 2.25 GiB
Duration: 2h 13mn
Subtitle: English,Romanian
Sample: YES (and don't ask for screens)

Storyline:

Charles Sanford "Charlie" Babbit is a self-centered Los Angeles-based automobile dealer/hustler/bookie who is at war with his own life. 
Charlie, as a young teenager, used his father's 1948 Buick convertible without permission and as a result, he went to jail for two days on account that his father reported it stolen. 
It is then that Charlie learns that his estranged father died and left him from his last will and testament a huge bed of roses and the car while the remainder will 
of $3 Million goes into a trust fund to be distributed to someone. Charlie seemed pretty angry by this and decides to look into this matter. 
It seems as if that "someone" is Raymond, Charlie's unknown brother, an autistic savant who lives in a world of his own, resides at the Walbrook Institute. 
Charlie then kidnaps Raymond and decides to take him on a lust for life trip to the west coast as a threat to get the $3 Million inheritance...

You can get more info about this film at:  
http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/a-bittersweet-life-dalkomhan-insaeng/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095953/

Cast:

Dustin Hoffman 	... 	Raymond Babbitt 
Tom Cruise 	... 	Charlie Babbitt 
Valeria Golino 	... 	Susanna 
Gerald R. Molen 	... 	Dr. Bruner (as Jerry Molen) 
Jack Murdock 	... 	John Mooney 
Michael D. Roberts 	... 	Vern 
Ralph Seymour 	... 	Lenny 
Lucinda Jenney 	... 	Iris 
Bonnie Hunt 	... 	Sally Dibbs 
Kim Robillard 	... 	Small Town Doctor 
Beth Grant 	... 	Mother at Farm House 
Dolan Dougherty 	... 	Farm House Kid 
Marshall Dougherty 	... 	Farm House Kid 
Patrick Dougherty 	... 	Farm House Kid 
John-Michael Dougherty 	... 	Farm House Kid

Genre: Drama
Director: Barry Levinson
Rating: No Rating
Language: English | Italian
Awards: Won 4 Oscars. Another 19 wins & 13 nominations
Original source: Rain.Man.1988.720p.BluRay.x264-SiNNERS

Video specs:

Format : AVC
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, CABAC : Yes
Format settings, ReFrames : 3 frames
Codec ID : avc1
Codec ID/Info : Advanced Video Coding
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 2 073 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 11.6 Mbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 688 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.860
Frame rate mode : Constant
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.098

Audio specs:

Format : AAC
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Format version : Version 4
Format profile : LC
Format settings, SBR : No
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 333 Kbps
Maximum bit rate : 406 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Rear: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits

You can download all my releases from http://thepiratebay.org/user/kriss_kringle and SEED until you Bleed! Thanks for your support!
GReeTS: aXXo,DiAMOND,DEViSE,DoNE,SecretMyth,HDLiTE,3Li,FLAWL3SS,IceBane,SiNNERS,and all encoders out there.

*I don't take requests because I don't have time and everyone will fill the comment section with them instead of commenting about quality and other tehnical specs of the movies or say thanks.Thank you for understanding!
*For best performance I suggest you use KMPlayer(find it with google) for playback
*These movies were made especially for PC and they don't play on a PS3.If you want to re-encode for PS3 or test for other devices be my guests.
*I'll ask everybody to stop with the "it doesn't work","it's out of sync" comments because I tested the movies before I uploaded them and they work fine.