Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Seventh Tree is the fourth studio album by the English electronic duo Goldfrapp, released by Mute Records on 25 February 2008 in the United Kingdom and the day after in the United States.

Goldfrapp have described the album as a "sensual counterpoint to the glitterball glamour of Supernature", their last studio album from 2005. They claimed that the inspiration came from paganism and surreal English children's books. The album received rave reviews and became the band's most critically acclaimed album since their debut Felt Mountain, with critics praising their new sound and the band's bravery for abandoning the dance atmosphere of the previous two albums.

The album's first single, "A&E", was released on 11 February 2008, charting inside the top ten in the UK. The album also charted high in the UK, peaking at number two, despite having leaked onto file sharing websites in November 2007, three months before its official release.

Goldfrapp is an English electronic music duo, formed in 1999 in London, England, that consists of Alison Goldfrapp (vocals/synthesizer) and Will Gregory (synthesizer).

Despite favourable reviews and a shortlisting for the Mercury Prize, the ambient sound of their 2000 debut album Felt Mountain did not chart highly. Goldfrapp's second album Black Cherry, which incorporated glam rock and synthpop sounds into their music, was released in 2003. The album influenced the same dance-oriented sound of their third album Supernature. Supernature took Goldfrapp's work further into dance music, and enjoyed international chart success. Supernature produced three number-one U.S. dance singles, and was nominated for Best Electronic/Dance Album at the 49th Grammy Awards. Their fourth album Seventh Tree placed a greater emphasis on ambient and downtempo music, drawing inspiration from nature and Paganism, while their fifth album, Head First, found the group exploring 1980s-influenced synthpop, and brought the formation a Grammy Award-nomination for Best Electronic/Dance Album in 2010.

Alison Goldfrapp began her musical career in the early 1990s as a guest vocalist with the electronic band Orbital and trip hop artist Tricky. In 1999, she was introduced to composer Will Gregory after he had listened to an early version of the song "Human". Gregory felt a connection with Goldfrapp and invited her to record a demo for the film soundtrack he was composing, to see if they could work together. The demo was never completed, but the recording session had been pleasant. Following several months of phone calls, they decided to form a musical band and began performing under Goldfrapp's last name.

In August 1999, Goldfrapp signed a recording contract with London-based record label Mute Records. The pair began recording their debut album over a six-month period, beginning in September 1999, in a rented bungalow in the Wiltshire countryside. The recording process was difficult for Alison, who often found herself alone and disturbed by the mice and insects in the bungalow.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/