List of books in this torrent
 
http://img72.imageshack.us/img72/6499/82723897.png



1. Halo: The Fall of Reach - Eric S. Nylund
Halo: The Fall of Reach is based on the Halo series of video games and acts as a prequel to Halo: Combat Evolved, the first game in the series. It is set in the fictional Halo universe, taking place in the 26th century across several planets and locations. The novel details the events which led up to the game and explains the origins of the SPARTAN II super soldiers, narrating the story of the series protagonist, the Master Chief.



2. Halo: The Flood - William C. Dietz
Halo: The Flood is video game Halo: Combat Evolved. Closely depicting the events of the video game, The Flood begins with the escape of a human ship Pillar of Autumn from enemy aliens known as the Covenant. When the Pillar of Autumn unexpectedly discovers a massive artifact known as "Halo", the humans must square off against the Covenant and a second terrifying force in a desperate attempt to uncover Halo's secrets and stay alive.


 3. Halo: First Strike - Eric S. Nylund
Halo: First Strike is the third novel in the Halo series; it serves as a bridge between the events of the video games Halo: Combat Evolved and its sequel Halo 2. First Strike opens with the arrival of the Covenant armada at the human stronghold planet of Reach. The book follows both the unsuccessful attempt to defend Reach by the SPARTAN-II's who were on the planet's surface and the adventures of the rag-tag survivors of the battle at Alpha Halo. The book also reveals that humanity's worst fear is going to come true: the Covenant is on its way to Earth.



4. Halo: Ghosts of Onyx - Eric Nylund
Ghosts of Onyx details the creation of a group of supersoldiers known as the SPARTAN-IIIs to defend humanity against the alien collective known as the Covenant. After the events of Halo 2, the SPARTAN's training world of Onyx is beset by robotic attackers. The SPARTANs and their trainers must fight the robots and the Covenant as they work to uncover the planet's secrets.



5. Halo: Contact Harvest - Joseph Staten
Set in 2524, twenty-eight years before the events of Halo: Combat Evolved, the novel tells the story of the United Nations Space Command's first encounter with the alien collective known as the Covenant on the colony world of Harvest, and the beginning of the long war that follows.


6. Halo: The Cole Protocol - Tobias Buckell
The Cole Protocol focuses on the fate of "Gray Team," a group of SPARTAN-IIs who were on an isolated mission during the events of the Halo video games and chronicles a previously unexplored conflict in the war.The novel offers an in-depth perspective of the Covenant Jackal or Kig-Yar race.


7. Halo: Evolutions: Essential Tales of the Hal... (2009)
When humanity expanded beyond the safety of Earth to new stars and horizons, they never dreamed what dangers they would encounter there. When the alien juggernaut known as the Covenant declared holy war upon the fragile human empire, millions of lives were lost—but, millions of heroes rose to the challenge. In such a far-reaching conflict, not many of the stories of these heroes, both human and alien, have a chance to become legend. This collection holds eleven stories that dive into the depths of the vast Halo universe, not only from the perspective of those who fought and died to save humanity, but also those who vowed to wipe humanity out of existence.

Halo: Evolutions - Essential Tales of the Halo Universe is a collection of short stories. Evolutions' short stories act like stepping stones to The Forerunner Saga.

8. Halo: Cryptum: Book One of the Forerunner Sa... (2011)
The novel explores the beginnings of the Forerunner-Flood War. It details Forerunner-Human contact within the first few pages.

It is also revealed in the first chapter that Humanity once had a previous interstellar empire. This original empire ended some 10,000 years before the events of the book, when they went to war with the Forerunners and were utterly defeated. As punishment, the surviving Humans were devolved by the Forerunners and exiled back to their planet of origin.


9. The Halo Graphic Novel - Tsutomu Nihei,Brett Lewis,Jay Faerber,Lee Hammock
The halo Graphic Novel features aspects of the Halo universe which had not been discussed or seen in any medium. The majority of the book is divided into four short stories by writers and artists from the computer game and comic industries. Each tale focuses on different aspects of the Halo universe, revealing stories that are tangential to the main plot of the game.

10. Halo Uprising Trade Paperback - Brian Michael Bendis
Uprising's story begins after the events of Halo 2, in which the alien collective known as the Covenant discovered the location of Earth and began a full-scale invasion of their enemy's homeworld.

The four comic editions follow below.


11. Halo Uprising #1 - Brian Michael Bendis
Master Chief, while onboard a hostile ship headed towards Earth, is battling against Covenant forces! Intertwined with Master Chief's interstellar one-man-war is the saga of a great American city's rebellion and downfall, two disparate lives' collision and shared fate, and the Convenant's hunt for an ancient relic of untold power and value. With hope dwindling and the fate of humanity hanging by a thread, is there any chance for a future?


12. Halo Uprising #2 - Brian Michael Bendis
Master Chief is captured and interrogated by Covenant forces. While back on Earth, a star-crossed human couple tries to stay alive as every single thing they hold dear is taken from them. Earth is falling to alien invaders, and no one knows what or where the mysterious artifact known as “the Key” is.


 13. Halo Uprising #3 - Brian Michael Bendis
The Earth is burning!!! Humans are running for their lives, caught in a war they did not start. How can two star-crossed lovers find their way to happiness when everything and everyone they knew is being destroyed around them?? And will the Master Chief discover the mysterious “key” that could end the war in time to save what is left of humanity?


14. Halo Uprising #4 - Brian Michael Bendis
The blistering conclusion to HALO: UPRISING!!! The story that connects the video games: Halo 2 and Halo 3. Find out where Master Chief has been and where he is going, before you pick up an Xbox 360 controller and finish the fight. Meanwhile, Earth is under siege -- the human resistance is faced with impossible odds with no hope in sight against the overwhelming Covenant forces. Be there to see the event that may turn the tide of the entire war.

