Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:          
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:          
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:          
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:          
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and five photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?nqew66z3r90swdo5uyvglxy1gmof  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?m5q5p7ll5e35c8mzppeelb9hwtk0  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?njv1rjnrwsstvlog8jpez5z42vu   breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?pph4toa0lo7vehc1wyltl9e11ow5  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?hzab09j71l4m7gm4hswd8niu3tyh  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qppeh1ggtjkbzn9rcqe9y77s5sal  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vfswbquak6dr207qc2a4aym1cjv   spreading 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rrnaaamvv4zrzxzhsc79hkez0q6   vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?m421dzmgm80qzhp4lldti26jsisp  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rcsu1o9n2zvrt2zgla9wk4pidhww  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3miwxsgiqs8nnlfeef57ihnejdb   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Hey everyone. it is Patricia here. I just want to tell everyone I had such a great and fun experience on my shoot the other day. I started off at 10:30 - 11:00 o'clock am and went till about 6 or 7 pm. Long day, but it was filled with surprises at every turn. Lol. I first got to the photographers house and let me tell you it was amazing. Beautiful landscaping and plants everywhere you turned. He opened the door and we immediately jumped right into the shoot and working. He loved what I was wearing. Just some Abercrombie and Fitch jeans, a Roxy top, and some Roxy high heeled flip flops. Great for the weather that was happening. We then sat down at his table and he told me a basic run down of how the day was going to go. Where we were going to shoot, what we were shooting, places and all the fun details of the day that he had planned for me. Then he got out his camera and camcorder and we started filming and taking demo shoots. The first video was a introduction of me and how and why I wanted to do this and how I got into it. I was so nervous and kinda scared at first. I had butterflies in my stomach. Then after stalking about my self we jumped right into getting me naked and taking some pictures, I was so nervous i went straight to taking everything off instead of doing it slow and taking my time so he could take pictures of me taking my clothes off. So I to slow do and restart. I took pictures of me in just me t-shirt and jeans then with out the top, then my pussy. All different angles and poses that i would have never thought to do. He then pulled out this machine that I had never heard of before and he said it worked magic. It was called a Vibra Queen. You put it on your clit and it makes you have an orgasm. i used it probably five minutes and I think I had 5 or 6 orgasms. I was so tingly afterwards. It felt so good. I told myself I had to get myself one of those.  After we did those photos he told me we were going to our next location to shoot. We picked out an outfit to wear and we were on our way. We went to an office building that still had some people in it and working, so we had to be careful and keep a watchful eye so we didn't get in trouble. So we found a nice little spot to do our shoot where no one was around or working. It looked like a nice place to start. So I did a couple of walks and took a bunch of pictures before we started to record anything. Then we got started. I was nervous too, i almost forgot my routine and what i was going to do because I had never done this or anything like this ever. I had never considered doing this either. So as I was walking down the hallway of this office building I was overlooking these house behind the building. I was thinking to myself, hope someone doesn't have a telescope so they could see everything that was happening. Lol. I started touching my self and taking off my clothes and then I changed into my second outfit. It was a sexy secretary mixed with naughty school girl twist super cute. I had white heels with super short shorts, paired with a white bottom top and a pink plaid vest. Super cute and sexy I would have to say.  So after I put on my new outfit for the shoot, we start taking more pictures and continue with the video. I do the same as before and walk down the hallway stop at the office opening and then i take off my pants. Of course I don't have any underwear on 'cuz no matched with the outfit and it was alot sexier and hotter not to. After I took off my shorts I played with myself and clit while taking some pictures as well. As I was doing that, out of the corner of my eye I saw an older man staring down the hall as if he was trying to see if he could make out what we were doing so I then I moved to the chair so I could masturbate with my big dildo Charles. Lol yes I name my dildos. As I am masturbating and really enjoying myself. Having a good time a Security guard comes up and yells at us, and telling us to leave. So we hurry up pack up and leave. We zoomed out of there as fast as we could before we got followed. Super fun and kinky stuff I would say.  So we get back to his place and pick out another outfit to wear for the next shoot. I brought a ot of stuff to choose from so it took a bit to decide. Finally we choose this sexy short summer tube top dress with the zipper on the boos so they can be exposed and a pair of black sexy stilettos. We then pack up all the stuff we need along with a new dildo that I call George, and head out to the next location. So we get to our next place that we will be shooting at and it is kinda busy as well It is another office building, but we decide to do the back of it so we are not easily spotted. So we get started right away. I walk back and forth getting to kmow the area that i will be working with, and I decide that I will most likely have to use the shade for when I sit down anywhere because the ground is to hot to sit on or touch. So I walk down this office buildings hall and stop and start unzipping my dress so my tits can come out and play. As I am doing that I am checking again to make sure no one is around, so we don't get caught again. I sit6 down and change from my high heeled flip flops into my black sexy steletos. I then walk back around the corner a sit on a ledge and start playing with my pussy and get ready to use my big guy George. I take off my panties and let them dangle off my shoe before I decided to move somewhere else. The ledge that I was sitting on was pretty high up and I was scared to use my George on me. I might have fallen or dropped him and then I wouldnt be able to use him again. I then moved towards the windows in the shade so I could use my giant dildo and when I remember that I forgot my bag (like I did everytime I moved and walked somewhere else) that I needed, because it had George in it. I went back and grabbed my bag and moved back towards the windows that were in the shade so I could sit down and play with myself. I put George on the floor and started to ride him like there was no tomorrow. He went so deep inside and felt so good. I didn't want to stop, but we decided to move toards the stairs so I could ride him better. I must tell you those stairs we blazing hot. They felt as if they were on fire when I had to sit down and put my hands down so I could balance myself. I took off my shoes so I could get a better balance and riding posture as well. My feet got so dirty from those steps. I felt like I was getting a leg workout too from all that squatting so I decided to stand up and shove it in me. As I was doing my thing standing up I let it hang out of me and watch it dangle. Then I put it back in and pounded it.  I was so hot and sweety from the heat of being outside my George slipped out of my hands and feel onto the ground. I was so bummed that I could not use it anymore so we packed up and left. As we were headed back to the car I didn't feel like putting my shoes back on so I had to run across the hot asfalt into the car. Wow that was hot.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:   From the writeup above, you can see she's pretty enthusiastic about the shoot!  Also you can see in her application photos #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 -- I was quite excited about this cutie. Beautiful smile, what seems to be rather large breasts, and a cute figure... when she arrived, she was even cuter in person! So much personality, I wish I could capture all of it. She's always smiling and laughing, partly due to her nervousness of doing all this stuff for the first time. Never experienced adult before, she had a lot of fun with this experience. Clip 6 is the outtake, where I first met her and did the 'interview' as well as the initial test shoot and striptease. Since I liked her 'girl next door' look with what she was already wearing, I had her start with the same outfit. We went to an office building/resort and had her play with those perfect, large breasts, then change into a very sexy 'professional schoolgirl' outfit. Eventually it leads to her using her favorite dildo, and she gets into it, only to have a security guy send us out. Bad luck there. She had brought her own vibrator, but I felt it might take too long, so I introduced her to the Vibraqueen. It made her orgasm several times, notice the strong contractions starting from the middle of clip 3. She started juicing up and didn't seem to want to stop! Then picking out her sexiest outfit, it really accentuates those sexy legs, and that full natural bust. Always hot watching those breasts bounce as she walks topless. More dildo action with a larger one, and a hot ride on the steps. Notice how tight she is, and how it gets 'stuck' inside her.


Model Comments: We get back to his place and I am so dirty from all the dirt at the office. I went to wash up in the bathroom and took a quick bath. When I get done I put my clothes back on and come back into the living room. He tells me to pack everything up and we are going to another house to shoot some more and go to lunch. I pack up all my clothes and toys and we head out. We get to his other house and I put on a cute little out fit. Just some pink thigh high socks with a cute little bow on the side, and a white t-shirt. We take some pictures of me spreading my lips open so you can see all my goods. After taking a couple of pictures and hanging we decide it is time for lunch. So I change back into my zipper dress so we can have some fun while we are out at lunch,. We go to this persian restaurant where everything is organic.  They had probably the best lemonade I have ever had in my life. It wasn't to sour or sweet. It was just right. So we order and I chose to have roasted chicken sandwich and I think he ordered mushroom steak sandwich. So while we were waiting for our food, he took another video and asked some questions. I told him when I lost my virginity and when was the first I had an orgasm and what did I use the first time I masturbated and what age was I when I first masturbated. Just some basic questions that most people want to know and are to afraid to ask. Then an old lady comes into the restaurant and is standing at the counter and we decide to be funny and see if she notices so i unzip my dress and let me boobs hang and fall out and she gives us a mean look. Lol she zoomed out of there like there was no tomorrow. Then we take some more pictures while we were out at lunch. We get our lunch and eat and then go to our next adventure. We head to the grocery store to have some fun. We get there and head to the produce section. I walk right up and pick up some bananas and a yellow squash. We also do some walking down isles taking a video of me flashing my ass and boobs. A lot of people were around so we were trying to be careful and not get caught. As we are leaving and walking to the car, I show my boobs while holding the squash and being all excited to use them as props. We do get caught, but by a mail man and he wanted to take a picture of him and I so he could send it to his buddies overseas. Lol. So we get back into the car as people are starting to get suspicious of what we are doing and head to our next location. We stop at a remodeling place with a nice outdoors set up. I take out a banana and we start taking some pictures and videos of my banana and I. I start giving it head and kinds somewhat deep throating it and we move to a bench so I can use it on myself. Along with that I believe I titty fucked myself with the banana too. We take a couple more pictures and head back to the house.
We then decided I needed to dance and work off some of the energy I had built up. So I put back on my thigh highs and t-shirt with some sexy panties and white stripper heels. i dance to the song Cyclone by Baby Bash. I did a nice, cute, sexy strip tease. Flinging my hair around, shaking my body and just having fun. Next we went up stairs so do a massage themed shoot. I started by playing with my big boobs and then having my very very Handy Man join in and help me. I then got onto the bed and rubbing my ass. Then again I had my Handy Man rub my ass. As he was playing and rubbing my ass he decided it would be best to put his thumb in my bum. I can say it was a surprise but a good one. We them moved to another bedroom and continued the massage. I was spreading my pussy wide for you guys to see and showing off my long sexy legs. I took off my socks to show my long sexy legs that go for miles off. Rubbing them and stroking them. I then took off my socks completely so you could see my feet. I showed them off and once again I called my Handy Man to come over and rub my feet for me. I then started kissing and licking my toes. I even used my foot as a phone. I put way my feet and stared fingering my pussy if I remember correctly. We then decided it was time to have so veggie fun. I put on a sexy party dress and got my self ready for my banana and squash. We headed towards the kitchen and got started. I first started by taking pictures with the banana and squash. Showing how big they were and everything. I got up on the counter and went for it. I put the banana in and to my surprise it didn't feel like I remember it feeling like. It was a lot more rough and rugged on the edges. I actually hurt a bit. It was more of a scratching pain. I tried to put it in all the way, but my pussy was just not agreeing with me. I kept trying and trying but I knew deep down it wasn't going to work. I decided it was time to move onto the squash. This squash was really big. It was about the size of my elbow if I was going to put it in myself. So I got back on the center and I gave it a try, I thought to myself that this was a weird angle for me to try and put this big squash in so I moved to the floor. I sat straight down on it to see if it would go all the way in, but it would not. It only went in about 3 or 4 inches at best. I do have a small and tight pussy ao this was a big stretch for me. I them tried to even put it in doggy but it just would not go. So I moved onto a big dildo , but before I did I thought instead of letting the squash go to waste why don't I give it to the bunnies to snack on. I threw it almost halfway across the yard adn sacred them off instead. So we went back inside and I then called for my trusted Handy Man to come get me. But only for 2 minutes. I told him to go slow at first and then work his way up to being rough. After he started to get going I thought it was time to try out the Vibra King and see if I could have gotten the same reaction I got out of the Vibra Queen or maybe an even better reaction. We went back up stairs in that nice comfy bed and I stared going to town. My clit is very sensitive and I put this lube that made it even more sensitive. I almost couldn't do it because the King was way to powerful for me. But after being slow and patient I finally got there, and let me tell you. I think that was the best orgasm I have ever had in my life. It felt so amazing, and so different than anything I had ever experienced. I am still kinda feeling the after math of that orgasm and it has been almost 24 hours. I now know that I must have one of those toys myself. Then after my orgasm I had to say my goodbyes. We went outside in the backyard and I said my goodbyes and ran into the pool to cool off from my super hot day of multiple orgasms and masturbation sessions. I had a great time and I can't wait to do it again. See you all soon. Love Patricia.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  A lunch break in a fancy restaurant, and she's doing the interview topless. Notice that fun personality again, and those big breasts bouncing as the old lady behind her notices what's going on. We head over to the grocery store, me with my big camera, and I managed to get away with some shooting and flashing there. Outside the store a mailman notices her and wants to take a picture... no problem :) We went to the other side of the resort and did some more photo/video with the banana. Then a dancing scene with a rather different kind of outfit -- big heels with pink stockings. Breast & butt massage is next, some 'assisted' by her man, and I encouraged him to experiment with her, ending up using his thumb deep into her butt. On the bed she does some foot fetish (even I can admit she has some really cute feet). As flexible as she is, she can suck on her toe, and bring her legs behind her head and really spread for us up close. Extreme closeups of her clitoris and very pretty private parts. Then its time to really try the banana and big squash, but they are a little too big for her. She does try her hardest, and it looks hot even if only some of it is going in her. Then I had her man do her doggy style with the long pink, quite erotic as she gets turned on at the end. I wanted her to finish with a strong orgasm, so bring on the Vibraking... for a while there it seemed that it may be too strong for her, but she persisted... and ended up with a very strong finish. Notice how intense her vaginal contractions are at the end. Also I had her do it in a rather unique position as some of you have requested. You a know what's also really cool about her? No tattoos... not a single one. So rare nowadays. A total First Timer, and you'll only see her here, on FTV.