Note: Mature content, adult guidance
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112126/


The British mini-series "The Politician's wife" is a rather interesting look at the
devious workings of the mind in those that have nothing more than a vindictive 
streak that sees no mercy or relent when feeling deceived - regardless of the real 
sense of what is all involved.

Sometimes its better just to call it quits than to belabour in some show
of "getting even" trying to waste the prospects in if for those that you target
in this manner. Why not just a simple divorce rather than a vendetta to destroy!

The issues are yet complex, and this mini-series is most recommended for those that
are mature and well minded enough to make good use of the content in respect of
its treatment of sex in marriage etc.

Specifically, there is a scene we are given to view, where what seems like an act 
of rape is quite clearly being played out. Yet, in what precedes the act, occurs at the moment of truth, and follows the entire matter gives us the indication that
the matter is too much more complex than to be handled in the severest ways of 
what view we take of that as a society and as law abiding citizens altogether.

In any event, we do not hear the protest that we might had the dynamics and responding patterns of the individuals concerned been saner. That's my take on it
in any event.

This is an interesting look at the nature of British politics and the halls
of power where people seem to want to play such games as we see in the plot
of this tale.

I couldnt find this series in local stores, so I bring you an xvid collection
of three avi files as found at a private site where we paid for access.

608 X 368 video 1448k bitrate, 128k audio

By the way, its a great joy to upload at such a site I find, as everything you
seed is appreciatively shared 100% as you "put out" the seed! Almost everyone that
graduates goes on to seed after as well! Now if only they could somehow come up 
with torrent seeding software that only gives a seed - if a peer gives it back - 
to the next in line that wants to "pass it on!". In accounting its called
double entry - the debits and credits must match - or people get took all
too much in their desires to want to share fairly instead!

Even a 4GB torrent gets gobbled up in a few very short hours at breathtaking speed
with all graduating at once! lovely!

Happy new year folks!

Michael Rizzo Chessman








