Please seed. Do not cut and run help others or the torrent will die.

Second plays third on Sunday in the Aviva Premiership semi-final between two of the in-form teams in England right now, Saracens and Gloucester. Not many would have imagined Gloucester would finish in third spot and that is testament to the work gone in by Bryan Redpath. No one deserves a new deal more than the former Scotland international and that is what he got, along with forwards guru Carl Hogg, with the duo agreeing fresh contract terms at Kingsholm until 2014. It seems the smog has lifted and it is great to see their home ground once again become a fortress - and also hear 'The Shed' in full voice once more. It is a boost to the competition as a whole to see the Cherry and Whites in the play-offs as last season's seventh-place finish was something quite alien to the English league. A blip it was and it'll be interesting to see how they do in 2011/12 as Freddie Burns takes on a senior role in the absence of soon-to-be Wasp Nicky Robinson. Burns assumes the full-back position and is one of three changes that Gloucester have made. Tim Molenaar is back in midfield to partner Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu, with Henry Trinder ruled out after suffering an injury in training. One change to the pack sees Jim Hamilton start at lock, linking up with Alex Brown. "Sunday is huge for us. We're aware of that and we've achieved some good things this season. But we want to improve upon the performance down there of three weeks ago," said Redpath.

Saracens meanwhile recall Steve Borthwick and Richard Wigglesworth to their line-up. Both were on the bench in last weekend's victory against Harlequins, but they return for the visit of Gloucester. Another international returning to the starting XV is Scot Kelly Brown. That means Andy Saull moves to the bench along with scrum-half Neil de Kock while Hugh Vyvyan, who injured his ankle against Gloucester last month, returns to full fitness. "The excitement surrounding this game has been clearly evident around the training ground this week," explained Director of Rugby Mark McCall. "It's a match in which everyone wants to be involved and all have played their part in a fantastic week of preparation - from those behind the scenes to those who were not selected and of course, the 23 who will take the field. "Gloucester are a very good side but the result of the game at Vicarage Road last month is irrelevant. We know that we will be facing a very different opponent, but it's a challenge we are looking forward to and we can't wait to get out on the pitch."

Head-to-head: I am looking forward to seeing how the full-backs get on. Both possibles for England, whether it be at 10 or 15, Alex Goode and Freddie Burns continue to improve.

Form: The last six clashes between the two clubs in all competitions have all been won by the home side on the day, whilst Gloucester have not won at Vicarage Road since November 2008. Saracens impressive run continued with an eleventh successive win at Harlequins on Saturday. Last season's Premiership finalists are playing in a 4th Premiership semi-final, and beat Northampton 21-19 at this stage last season. Gloucester Rugby have reached the Premiership semi-finals for the first time since 2007/08, but are winless in their last four away games. Gloucester's only defeat in their last seven semi-final encounters in all competitions was at home to Leicester in the Premiership on 18 May 2008. The two sides have met just once before in semi-finals with Gloucester winning 50-9 at Kingsholm in the Premiership in May 2007. Gloucester have played in one previous semi-final at Vicarage Road, losing 15-19 there to Leicester in the 2001 Heineken Cup.

Prediction: Too much power. Saracens by 6!

The teams:

Saracens: 15 Alex Goode, 14 David Strettle, 13 Chris Wyles, 12 Brad Barritt, 11 James Short, 10 Owen Farrell, 9 Richard Wigglesworth, 8 Ernst Joubert, 7 Jacques Burger, 6 Kelly Brown, 5 Mouritz Botha, 4 Steve Borthwick (capt), 3 Carlos Nieto, 2 Schalk Brits, 1 Matt Stevens.
Replacements: 16 Jamie George, 17 Rhys Gill, 18 Petrus du Plessis, 19 Hugh Vyvyan, 20 Andy Saull, 21 Neil de Kock, 22 Nils Mordt, 23 Noah Cato.

Gloucester: 15 Freddie Burns, 14 Charlie Sharples, 13 Tim Molenaar, 12 Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu, 11 James Simpson-Daniel, 10 Nicky Robinson, 9 Rory Lawson, 8 Luke Narraway (capt), 7 Akapusi Qera, 6 Alasdair Strokosch, 5 Alex Brown, 4 Jim Hamilton, 3 Paul Doran-Jones, 2 Scott Lawson, 1 Nick Wood.
Replacements: 16 Darren Dawidiuk, 17 Alasdair Dickinson, 18 Rupert Harden, 19 Dave Attwood, 20 Brett Deacon, 21 Dave Lewis, 22 Jonny May, 23 Tom Voyce.

Date: Sunday, May 15
Kick-off: 14:30 BST (13:30 GMT)
Venue: Vicarage Road
Referee: Andrew Small 