Genesis - A Trick of the Tail [promo] (3 audio sources).VOB



Very HQ rare promo music video with 3 audio sources, Dolby Digital AC3 6ch & 2ch, and DTS 6ch.

"A Trick of the Tail'" is a song by the progressive rock band Genesis taken from the album of the same name. It was written by the band's keyboard player Tony Banks and was the first Genesis song to ever be accompanied by a promotional video, which features the band gathered around a piano performing the song.

Now dated special effects make Collins appear to walk and dance on the piano and Steve Hackett's guitar. In recent years Collins has called the video the most embarrassing and cringeworthy of his entire career.

The song was released as a single with Entangled as the b-side but failed to make any significant chart impact. The majority of the song was written by Banks in 1972 and was originally intended for the Foxtrot album. The song's rhythm, according to Banks, is heavily influenced by The Beatles' Getting Better.

Like much of the A Trick of the Tail album the songs lyrics focus on a specific character; the "Beast" who leaves his own kingdom and enters the world of humans. He is captured and put on display in a freak show after his captors refuse to believe in his kingdom. The Beast laments his decision to leave his home, describing it as a paradise covered in gold. His captors then release him in exchange for leading them to his world. However, just as they see what appears to be a "golden spire", the Beast has vanished, leaving only his voice (singing the refrain of the song).
(video does not have any logos)


  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Trick_of_the_Tail_(song)  
  
http://bayimg.com/GabGdAADB  



File properties info using Media Player Classic:
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9000kbps
   Audio 1: DTS 48000Hz 6ch 754kbps
   Audio 2: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz 6ch 448kbps
   Audio 3: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz 2ch 448kbps
   Media Length: 00:04:24



*To change the audio in "Media Player Classic", just go to "Navigate" then "Audio Language" and choose between the 3 sources* (there's a delay that happens while the audio is switching between the three sources)




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*     
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 

Audio 3 is very HQ and sounds fantastic at high levels :)

