About this Exam
This exam is designed to test the candidate's knowledge and skills for developing Web applications using ASP.NET and the .NET Framework 4.
 
Questions that contain code will be presented in either VB or C#.  Candidates can select one of these languages when they start the exam.

Audience Profile
Candidates for this exam are professional Web developers who use Microsoft Visual Studio. Candidates should have a minimum of two to three years of experience developing Web-based applications by using Visual Studio and Microsoft ASP.NET. Candidates should be experienced users of Visual Studio 2008 and later releases and should have a fundamental knowledge of the .NET Framework 4 programming languages (C# or Microsoft Visual Basic). In addition, candidates should understand how to use the new features of Visual Studio 2010 and the .NET Framework 4.
Candidates should also have a minimum of one year of experience with the following:
Accessing data by using Microsoft ADO.NET and LINQ
Creating and consuming Web and Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) services
State management
ASP.NET configuration
Debugging and deployment
Application and page life-cycle management
Security aspects such as authentication and authorization
Client-side scripting languages
Internet Information Server (IIS)
ASP.NET MVC
Credit Toward Certification
When you pass Exam 70-515: TS: Web Applications Development with Microsoft .NET Framework 4, you complete the requirements for the following certification(s):
MCTS: .NET Framework 4, Web Applications
Exam 70-515: TS: Web Applications Development with Microsoft .NET Framework 4: counts as credit toward the following certification(s):
MCPD: Web Developer 4
Note This preparation guide is subject to change at any time without prior notice and at the sole discretion of Microsoft. Microsoft exams might include adaptive testing technology and simulation items. Microsoft does not identify the format in which exams are presented. Please use this preparation guide to prepare for the exam, regardless of its format.