Music Therapy

Turkish music and movement therapy tradition


According to the view of experts who have done research on music; music existed before language. Abstract concepts, memory, symbols, associations, analogical relations necessary for conversation and speech have evolved and matured with humanity. Together with this, there is in every particle in nature, a unity of melody and rhythm which continues with great order and harmony. In the harmony and rhythm perfection of bird sounds, in the movement of atoms, electrons and galaxies and in the amplified sounds of the fluids of our body, we can observe the relation and association of music with the created world at large.

Music and music therapy history understanding of the present world, directs us to colloborate with sciences like anthropology, history, ethnotherapy, ethnomedicine, psychology, pedagogy, sociology, spirituality and parapsychology.

When we enter the subject through the scope of history, we have to venture into very ancient times.

The dancing figures in the Gobustan rocks in Azerbaijan, presents us with a reality of music and dance which dates back at least 12 to 14 thousand years. Mingyar rock drawings on the banks of river Mulche which is near the Hoten City’s administrative subdivision of Cherchen belonging to the Uigur Turks, dates back 6 to 8 thousand years. When we observe the disposition of history and culture accumulation which transmits us to very ancient times through the scope of Proto-Turkish culture, the findings of German scientist Dr. Wolfram become important and these findings document the effect of Turkish culture on Chinese culture in the areas of music, dance, ceramics, theatre and taming animals in the 3rd millenium BC. According to the findings of French researcher Maurice Curan which are based on Chinese sources, published in the Lavinniac Music Encyclopedia, ancient Turkish musical enstruments and pentatonic musical performance affected Chinese culture deeply.

Researchers like Eduard Chavannes, Bela Bartok, Robert Lach, Ahmed Adnan Saygun , Ferruh Arsunar and great Turkish ethnomusicolog Mahmut Ragip Gazimihal, have made important studies in this area and have documented the effects of Turkish music culture on Chinese culture, and its Central Asia-Anatolia connection. According to these studies, the important epicenters of proto-Turkish culture are Sensi and Kansu provinces. Hakas-Tuva culture and Altai-Turkish culture send us back to the 3rd millenium BC. In the beginning of the 20th century, Soviet researchers Rudenko and Griaznov, discovered a musical instrument called ’Cheng’ under the ice of Pazirik valley in Altai region. According to Rudenko the proto-Turkish culture which the instrument belongs to, dates back 3700 years.
 
http://www.tumata.com/99ing_icerik.aspx?pageName=eng_muzikterapi.html

Inside this torrent:

Acemasiran Makami
Hicaz Makami
Huseyni Makami
Pentatonik Melodiler
Rast Makami
Rehavi Makami
Ussak Makami

FLAC made with EAC - enjoy

I will make a lot of unique uploads in the next months and have only very limited bandwith, so please seed.