Sary Oy (2004)
Embrace of Memory (2005)
Epos (2007)
The Great Silk Road (2008)


320 kbps


 


DARKESTRAH formed in mid 1999 by Asbath in Bishkek/Kyrgyzstan. The first demo, entitled 'Pagan Black Act' was recorded in December 1999. In December 2000 the second demo 'Through the Ashes of the Shamanic Flames' was recorded and released through german label Curse of KvN Sadistic in 2003.

In February 2003 the debut album 'Sary Oy' was recorded, which gained a wide response worldwide through NCR in 2004. Great melodic parts were paired with traditional instruments like Kyl-kyjak, Komuz or Sygyt. Female Black Metal vocals and throat singing that created the atmosphere of the spiritual shamanic people. Sary Oy lyrically brings the ancient Kyrgyz tales about three sisters of nature in three songs. This record marked Darkestrah's as one of the most interesting bands within the Shamanic Pagan Black Metal genre.

In September 2004 limited MLP 'The Way to Paganism' was recorded and released on NCR in 2005.

In August 2005, 'Embrace of Memory' the 2nd album was recorded in Blue House Studio, and the final work, 'Embrace of Memory', was released in October 2005.

In January 2007 we released the 3rd album "Epos". This time we changed studio and now this is the "Kick the Flame Studio' (studio of the member from the band Disillusion). This album included one magic long Black Metal composition at the medium tempo with some acoustic tunes and the atmospheric feel. This 'Epos' is completely dedicated to our beloved lake Issyk-Kul', which is located in Central Asia. There are more than ten legends, histories, myths and fairy tales about this lake. Every aspect of Epos signifies a spiritual, almost pre-historic journey. The album is thick with Pagan themes, but it is not done in a way which seems almost cliche in Black Metal these days. Darkestrah’s approach to pagan expression this time has been one of using subtlety to convey power of expression.

In March 2007 Darkestrah have ended the relationship with NCR and one month later we signed with the US label Paragon Records.

March 2008, DARKESTRAH has finished the recordings for the new studio album "The Great Silk Road" and the final work, was released in August 31, 2008 through Paragon Records.

In February 2011 the band signed to French label Osmose Productions. This is without a doubt the beginning of a new era for the band.

Current Line-Up:

Kriegtalith - Vocals
Resurgemus -, Guitars, Synths
Asbath - Drums, Percussions

Guest Appearance:

:Helvete: Bass 
Benjamin Hoffmann: Guitar


Sharthar - Cello, Keyboards (studio only)

Past members:

Oldhan - Guitars, Bass, Vocals
Tartar - Guitars
Anastasia - Keyboards
Shagan - Guitas
Anti - Guitars


