P R E P A R E T O B E U N L E A S H E D ! !

Serious Sam: The Random Encounter RIP
Release Date: 23/12/2011 Protection: Steam
Release Type: RIP 09x5.00MB Company: Devolver Digital

Release Notes:

The legendary Serious Sam reloads and rearms in an explosive
turn-based RPG developed by indie developer Vlambeer (Super Crate Box
Ridiculous Fishing). Serious Sam: The Random Encounter follows Sam and
his band of oddball mercenaries as they battle across a pixilated
world teeming chaotic battles, hordes of bizarre creatures, and
mysterious secrets. Choose your weapons and take aim at the most
random Serious Sam adventure yet!

Serious Sam Indie Series
The Serious Sam Indie Series is an extraordinary program launched by
Croteam and Devolver Digital to partner with gaming's most creative
independent developers and design radically unique Serious Sam games
in a variety of styles and genres

Features:

Turn-Based Awesome: Battle across three worlds of pandemonium with
Serious Sam and his band of quirky commandos as they clash with
legions of relentless creatures hell-bent on ruining your day. Choose
your weapons and prepare for an absolute onslaught of merciless
enemies charging from every direction

Extraordinary Visual Design: Behold the pixilated brutality of Serious
Sam s struggle against evil in glorious retro-styled graphics. Visit
the exotic locals of Egypt and dangerous caverns overrun by Mental s
twisted horde. Battle by land or take on all-new aquatic variations of
classic Serious Sam baddies in underwater skirmishes unlike anything
Sam has faced before!

Serious Strategy: No magic here, son. Select from a variety of dynamic
items to increase your party s stats, toss out some Headless Kamikaze
bait, or bring everything to a devastating halt with the all-powerful
Serious Bomb

Challenge Mode: Take on a never-ending wave of Mental s most fearsome
minions and attempt to post the best score to win the admiration of
your friends and family

RIPPED: Nothing

Install Notes:

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Install by running unl-ssre.exe
3. Start game with sstre.exe
4. Enjoy!

Remember to support quality games!

Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!

" Prepare to be Unleashed! ".