The Bunker - Anthony Hopkins (Hitlers Last Days) 1981

Video Codec..........: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC 
Video Bitrate........: 1285kbps 
Duration.............: 2:24:32
Resolution...........: 600*456 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 64 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,477,250,210 
SUBTITLES............: English
 
http://www.amazon.com/Bunker-Anthony-Hopkins/dp/B0006Z2NYU
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bunker_(1981_film)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082114/
 
http://bayimg.com/HaLbKAAdM


The Bunker is a 1981 CBS television film, Time/Life production based on the book The Bunker. The movie makes significant deviations from James ODonnells book--published in 1978. The deviations are mainly due to an effort to clarify the events, and allowing the actors license to interpret some of the dialogue he recorded. The film opens in 1945 with ODonnell gaining entry to the Führerbunker by bribing a Russian sentry with a pack of cigarettes.

The most noteworthy legacy of the film was Anthony Hopkins portrayal of Adolf Hitler, for which he won an Emmy. Actors on the set claimed his performance was so good that those playing German soldiers snapped to attention whenever Hopkins came onto the set, even if he wasnt in character.

The interpretations of the events by the actors differ in ways with the traditional accounts. For example, during the final meeting between Hitler and Albert Speer, Hopkins adopts a sarcastic tone and gestures (including mock applause) that suggest that Hitler was already aware of Speers betrayal, even though he uses the exact words recounted by the witnesses. This became a fairly controversial scene due to a perception in some circles that the resemblance to Jesus Christs legendary foreseeing of Judass betrayal was intentional. These accusations were consistently denied, as were reports regarding a rumored on-set romance between Piper Laurie (Magda Goebbels) and Cliff Gorman (Joseph Goebbels).

Also, the movie constantly shifts the point-of-view character, but sometimes in an impossible manner. For example, Dr. Werner Haase is used in this manner, even though he was never interviewed (having died later in 1950). Likewise, two scenes are written from the viewpoint of Hitlers cook, Constanze Manziarly, and in one scene, Manziarly actually has a flashback. However, Manziarly disappeared while escaping the bunker, so neither ODonnell nor any other person was able to interview her or get her viewpoint.

Ironically, given ODonnells work on the breakout, the movie ends just as the groups are leaving the bunker complex of the Reich Chancellery and there is never any explanation given for the flamboyant caviar scene.

In a short scene at the beginning of the movie, a younger ODonnell is played by actor James Naughton. ODonnell himself provided brief voice-over narrations at both the beginning and end of the film.

Cast

Anthony Hopkins as Adolf Hitler
Richard Jordan as Albert Speer
Cliff Gorman as Joseph Goebbels
James Naughton as James P. ODonnell
Michael Lonsdale as Martin Bormann
Piper Laurie as Magda Goebbels
Susan Blakely as Eva Braun
Martin Jarvis as Johannes Hentschel
Michael Kitchen as Rochus Misch
Robert Austin as Walter Wagner
Andrew Ray as Otto Günsche
Yves Brainville as Heinz Guderian
Michael Culver as Wilhelm Mohnke
Julian Fellowes as Nicolaus von Below
Frank Gatliff as Ernst-Günther Schenck
Terrence Hardiman as Hermann Fegelein
Edward Hardwicke as Dieter Stahl
Karl Held as Hans Baur
David King as Hermann Göring
Sarah Marshall as Traudl Junge
John Paul as Wilhelm Keitel
Morris Perry as Werner Haase
Pam St. Clement as Constanze Manziarly
John Sharp as Theodor Morell
Michael Sheard as Heinrich Himmler
Tony Steedman as Alfred Jodl
Peggy Frankston as Margarete Speer