Cruel Media - Conquers Hungary [DvdRip].avi

Raul Cristian brings us another  butt-pounding masterwork in Cruel Media Conquers Hungary, a hard-core  anal sex party concentrating on the especially gorgeous, cock-hungry  bitches of a certain Central European nation. Pouty, pneumatic bombshell  Aletta Ocean poses in stockings, garters and a pink vinyl micro-skirt  that can't cover her big, strong ass cheeks. Aletta does a slow  striptease and spreads oil on her butt to make it nice and shiny. Milk  showers her ass and beads up as it cascades down her powerful legs. Two  manly meat-slingers team up to fuck the brunette slut's mouth and anus  until it gapes, then let Aletta suck their cocks clean. She takes a  fierce double-penetration and kneels for two big, open-mouth cum loads  that she swallows on command. Nikky Thorn is a super-cute 22-year-old  blonde in white stockings, pink platform heels and a pink thong that  rides up into her meaty, shaved cunt. Nikky gets into some athletic  positions, fingers her butthole and even does the splits for the camera.  Enter a pair of hard cocks; one dude pumps her ass with his finger  while the other grabs Nikky's head and drills her throat. The nasty  gymnast arches backward to make both ends more accessible. After lots of  anal plunging, D.P. and face-fucking, Nikky receives two servings of  hot semen and gargles before gulping it all down. Madison Parker is  next, a sexy, black-haired bitch in black lingerie, high heels and lacy  gloves. She poses for a camera filming her through the glass floor  below, teasing us with her plump, wobbly bum. She rubs whipped cream all  over her fine ass, then crawls over to a fellow waiting naked and sucks  his giant cock. Madison sits on his face and lets him tongue her  asshole while blowing him in 69 position. She gets a royal ass-reaming  topped off with an oral cum shot. Budapest whore Gina Brigitta wears a  blue bikini with tassles. Eurostud Mike probes her anus and pussy,  finger banging the slutty blonde until she squirts, then shoves his cock  into her mouth. Gina moans while sucking his dick. Mike relentlessly  assaults Gina's tight bunghole, and she takes a messy ass-to-mouth  facial. Next, two guys dressed as medical orderlies enjoy the timeless  charms of blonde sex pixie Gilda Roberts. The lovely porn veteran gives  the twisted fuckers a deep throat, an ass and pussy for d.p. reaming and  an open mouth for their thick wads of creamy cum. And in a DVD bonus  scene, tattooed, bleached-blonde bimbo Harmony Flame teases us by the  pool and on the lawn, showing off her gravity-defying tits and ramming  her pussy with a couple of phallic toys.

Madison Parker, Aletta Ocean, Gilda Roberts, Nikky Thorn, Lilly Love, Ginna Brigitta, Harmony Flame

All Sex Movies, Anal, Double Penetration

Resolution:   576x320      

Duration:     03:00  
	
Size:	      2.04 Gb    

Screens:
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-F4A5_4DA4CC86.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-C3DB_4DA4CC86.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-A943_4DA4CC86.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-5073_4DA4CC86.html
 
http://www.vippix.com/share-4F03_4DA4CC86.html
