Corey Woods aka Raekwon The Chef, has been a staple in the Entertainment industry since his debut in 1993 as an integral part in undeniably one of the greatest Hip-Hop groups to date, the legendary Wu-Tang Clan. Rae's verbal ability took center stage early in the original cult classicProtect Ya Neck, but little did the world know, that we were merely indulging in delicious appetizers delivered by Rae. It wasn't until 1995, when Raekwon The Chef emerged from the kitchen and invited the Hip-Hop faithful into his personal chamber and the world was privileged to partake in the perfectly sautéed full course meal …Only Built 4 Cuban Linx.
Critics and fans alike unanimously agreed, Cuban Linx was an instant classic. An opulent sonic journey defined by Raekwon's cinematic narratives and narcotized hooks. The production delivered by Wu Tang's Abbot, The Rza, was simply supreme - his best comprehensive work to date. And never had a co-star been so illustrious: Cuban Linx also managed to showcase the talents of then under represented Wu-Tang band mate, Ghostface Killah. This was also the beginning of the Rae and Ghost collaborations which have yielded some of hip hop’s most beloved songs.
To follow up this success, Rae later released Immobiliarity in 1999 and The Lex Diamond Story in 2003. All of these lyrical offerings were well received; Immobilarity going gold, yet there was always the persistent request of the fans to release a follow up to the classis OBFCL. After anticipation and some label turbulence, The Chef finally found a new home at the EMI Group. The seasoned label has joined forces with Raekwon and his independent label, Ice H2O Records Inc. to power the sequel to his 1995 masterpiece: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx II.
No one could have anticipated the break away success of this album. Released on September 8, 2009, the instant success spent its first four days number one on itunes. Then selling 66, 000 copies in its first week on the charts . Critics and fans both heralded it the best album of 2009.
With a renewal rarely seen in the music industry, Raekwon has experienced a career resurgence few have ever witnessed. With an ever-growing fan base, Rae’s music has managed to place him back on the forefront of Hip Hop’s elite. Having been featured on countless features in 2010, Rae has lent his talents to fellow musicians: Kanye West, Bun B, Fat Joe, Justin Beiber and participated with is Wu Brothers, Ghostface and Method Man in the highly anticipated, Wu Massacre.
Never one to go back on a promise, Raekwon promised fans the fabled Shaolin vs. Wu Tang, as a response to RZA’s 8 Diagrams album. To be delivered on March 8, 2011, the album which features the likes of Rick Ross, Lloyd Banks, Nas, Black Thought and Jim Jones, with production by DJ Khalil, Sean C and LV, Scram Jones and Eric Sermon, the album ushers the beloved Wu Tang sound into the current decades, leaving fans reminiscent while excited about the freshness of the sound.

 1. Shaolin Vs. Wutang 
 2. Every Soldier In The Hood (feat. Method Man)
 3. Silver Rings (feat. Ghostface Killah) 
 4. Chop Chop Ninja (feat. Inspectah and Estelle) 
 5. Butter Knives 
 6. Snake Pond 
 7. Crane Style (feat. Busta Rhymes) 
 8. Rock N Roll (feat. Jim Jones, Ghostface Killah and Kobe James) 
 9. Rich And Black (feat. Nas) 
10. From The Hills (feat. Method Man and Raheem Devaughn) 
11. Last Trip To Scotland (feat. Lloyd Banks) 
12. Ferryboat Killaz  (feat. Ghostface Killah)
13. Dart School 
14. Molasses (feat. Rick Ross and Ghostface Killah) 
15. The Scroll 
16. Masters Of Our Fate (feat. Black Thought) 
17. Wu Chant (Outro)
