Your Uninstaller! Pro v7.3.2011.04

You've probably encountered some stubborn programs that just won't uninstall at all or uninstall completely, right? And, more often than not, when you use the Windows Add/Remove Program utility, there are remnants or "artifacts" of the program left behind in the system registry and on your hard drive that are no longer needed. These useless items will bog your PC down and, over time, it will get slower and slower lugging around this useless baggage - unexpected errors and frequent crashes may also occur because of this!


What's the problem?

Let's say you frequently install trial versions of programs to check them out. And let's also say that, after giving them a shot, you don't like them and decide to uninstall them. Unfortunately, you find it impossible to uninstall some of them - they remain on the Windows installed programs list even they are "supposedly" gone. These improperly uninstalled programs can also be the cause of errors because many junk files and registry keys/values were left behind on your PC. These 'junk artifacts' can - and do - cause system problems and slow down Windows substantially.
Here's the solution!

Your Uninstaller! will solve these problems. It removes any installed program and clears all the left-behind traces - no more 'junk artifacts' remaining. Whenever you uninstall a program, Your Uninstaller! removes it completely! There's absolutely nothing left behind.

"PCs inevitably accrue a mass of unwanted and unused files that eat up system resources and reduce system stability. Uninstalling these items can be an arduous task, but Your Uninstaller Pro simplifies the process considerably..." - CNET Review
Key benefits

* Uninstall any installed program completely, even corrupted ones.
The most exciting part of Your Uninstaller! is: removing every part of a program completely. With Your Uninstaller!, it's easy to uninstall any installed program - no trace left.
* Fix invalid uninstalls in one click.
If you often install/uninstall software, you will most inevitably experience corrupted programs. Let Your Uninstaller! fix them.
* Full system scan after a program is uninstalled for complete removal.
Your Uninstaller! scans the whole system for related traces and completely removes any 'junk artifacts' after normal uninstallation. You'd never even know the program was once installed on your PC.
* Force removal of a program.
Some programs are really hard to remove, especially old-fashioned non-conforming programs. Even they aren't a problem for Your Uninstaller!
* Keep your system stable and clean with various system tools.
Your Uninstaller! has built-in system tools like Uninstaller, Startup Manager, Internet Traces Eraser, StartMenu Manager, and Disk Cleaner to keep Windows clean and in proper operating order.
* Easy to Use. No expert knowledge required.
Usability is always foremost on our minds when we develop products. Your Uninstaller! is simple and straightforward to use. No hassles, no confusion.
* Windows Vista and Windows 7 Compatible.
Your Uninstaller! is Vista and Windows 7 Compatible for both 32-bit and 64-bit versions. Of course, it also works for Windows XP perfectly.


Home Page - http://www.ursoftware.com/




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                        
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                       
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
