The Precursors [ENG][Game Factory Interative] 2010 TRiViUM


                    T e a M  T R i V i U M   P r e s e n t S                 
                                                                           
                                                                            
                    The Precursors (c) Game Factory Interative               
                                                                            
                                                                          
                      RELEASE DATE ................ : 12/2010             
                      RELEASE SiZE .................. : 1 rar             
                      PROTECTiON ........ : StarForce 5.70(?)             
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                   RELEASE NOTES                              
                                                                           
                                                                          
            ** Special note for GFI:                                      
               Your retail setup is not even patched, while you should    
               have updated files from the developer. Fail.               
                                                                          
                                                                          
             Precursors, predecessors, the legend of the galaxy:          
             Who among the existing races are carrying their genes?       
             The worlds of the galaxy are beautiful, unique and           
             dangerous. Some of them are inhabited, some are deserted,    
             some lie in ruins, others are just smugglers                 
             trans-shipment stations.                                     
             Some worlds are at the beginning of their evolution,         
             other are falling into decay. Only when you'll pass          
             through all of these worlds, when you'll feel the heat       
             of blazing lava-seas and the chilling cold of dark           
             abysses, when you'll see stark heavens and red skies,        
             you will realize the real power of nature. Only when         
             you'll meet corrupt judges, mendacious politicians,          
             unselfish protectors and cruel tyrants, you'll understand    
             the passions of society. Only when you'll reach unexplored   
             sectors of the galaxy and come across wonderful natural      
             phenomenons, when you'll fly through the tail of a comet     
             or dive into a mysterious portal, then you'll perceive the   
             infinite depth and diversity of the universe.                
             Nobody knows what exactly this journey will comprise, but    
             we can assure you that it will be unforgettable:             
                                                                          
             "Precursors" is a new project of Deep Shadows. The game      
             action takes place in space and on the surface of various    
             planets. The genre of the game is freeplay RPG with FPS and  
             space sim combat elements.                                   
                                                                          
             "Precursors" and "White Gold: War In Paradise" are developed  
             using the Vital Engine 3. It has shader 3.0 support and      
             features various post rendering effects like HDR, motion     
             blur and others. In comparison with the Vital Engine 2 the   
             physics system has been improved and moreover, two of the    
             main features of the engine are destructible objects, which  
             will be found everywhere in the games, and support of one    
             huge unified playing area.                                   
                                                                          
             You will fight your enemies in space as well as on the       
             surface of various planets. You will be able to work for     
             different factions and carry out their quests to earn money,  
             which is quite essential for your hero. The money will give  
             you the opportunity to buy new weapons, make technical       
             upgrades or repair your damaged spaceship.                   
                                                                          
             You can explore a planet's surface using a wide choice of    
             different vehicles, but in space you will use only one       
             ship which will be given to you at the beginning of the      
             game. RPG stats will allows you to upgrade not only the      
             personal characteristics of your hero but the technical      
             abilities of your spaceship as well.                         
                                                                          
                                                                          
             Features:                                                    
                                                                          
              - Unique gameplay: combines such genres as RPG/FPS/space    
              - A real opportunity to visit different planets             
              - More than 250 exciting quests and tasks                   
              - Partly organic weapons with ammunition, in need of food   
              - Controllable space ships and other modes of transport     
              - Huge variety of enemies                                   
              - Ability to trade                                          
              - Interaction with hundreds of NPC of different enemy       
                races                                                     
              - Weather conditions, day and night, atmospheric phenomena  
              - Update 1.1 integrated into game installer                 
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                   iNSTALL NOTES                              
                                                                              
                                                                            
                    - Unpack                                               
                    - Install the game                                    
                    - Update the game to version 1.1(optional)            
                    - For 1.1 use our keygen to activate the game:        
                      * Click 'Get Num' to generate a serial number,      
                        copy/paste it to activation dialog.               
                      * Choose 'I already have an Activation Key' and     
                        copy/paste your Hardware code back to keygen.     
                      * Press 'Get Key' to generate Activation Key,       
                        copy/paste it to activation dialog, press Next.   
                    - Feel the power of TRiViUM :>                        
                                                                          
                                                                             
                                    GROUP NOTES                               
                                                                            
                                                                           
                              GFI guys, no more please                      
                                                                            
                                                               
-------------------------------------------------------------------


all the useful information in the file trivium.nfo and

 
http://peerat.ru:8080/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3847


-------------------------------------------------------------------


