itv - 9/11: The Day That Changed The World [MP4-AAC](oan)

[img]http://anony.ws/di-A1IQ.jpg[/img]

[c/o itv]

On September 11th, 2001 millions shared with the people of New York the unimaginable
horror of the attack on the Twin Towers and the Pentagon. Now, through the memories of
America’s key decision makers this film goes behind the scenes to show, minute by minute,
how the men and women at the heart of American power struggled to manage the assault on
their nation.

Together with the record of events filmed on that day The Day That Changed The World is
the inside story of what happened on one extraordinary day ten years ago.

Told entirely through archive and interview, it goes behind the scenes and shows how the
events unfurled in the aircraft, the offices, the bunkers and the military headquarters as the
President, advisors, security services and the military tried to piece together what was
happening, who was attacking the country and what was going to happen next.

Now America’s top decision makers on 9/11 including Vice President Dick Cheney, Defense
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani as well as America’s top
generals, CIA and FBI anti-terror chiefs as well as those in the White House Situation Room,
on board Air Force One and on the ground in New York reveal the inside story of 9/11.

Brook Lapping Productions is one of the UK’s leading documentary producers. It has been
described as ‘the acme, the Rolls Royce of documentary makers’ by the Wall Street Journal
and is renowned for its track record in securing interviews with top people. Previous series
include Iran And The West and The Death Of Yugoslavia.

9/11: Day That Changed The World is directed by Leslie Woodhead.

Executive Producers are Kate Botting and Brian Lapping.

::General::

Format: MPEG-4
File Size: 922 MiB
Overall Bit Rate: 1 373 Kbps
Duration: 1h 33mn
Sample: NO
Subtitles: NO

::Video Info::

Container: avc
Video Codec Type: x264
Video bitrate Variable: 1 200 Kbps
Resolution: 720 X 400 pixels
Aspect ratio(AR): 16:9
Quality Factor(QF): 0.157
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps
Source: (oan).Thanks!!

::Audio Info::

Audio Language: English
Audio Codec: AAC
Bitrate Mode: Variable
Bitrate: 240 Kbps ((( Stereo )))
Maximum Bitrate: 576 Kbps
Sample Rate: 48.0 KHz
Channel Count: 2 channels [Front: L R]