- 
http://www.Speed.Cd 
       
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--Registration will be open on june every weekend--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

------------------nfo--------------------------
- 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
               
              
                 
               
                                  
                                                      asphyx

                -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-


      The.One.And.Only.Genuine.Original.Family.Band.1968.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR


                                               
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  INFO                                
                                                                      
    Release  
                                                                      
        Title [ The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band  
                                                                      
        Release [ 2011-07-22       Source [ Retail DVD        
        Retail [ 2004-07-06       iMDB [ 6.2/10 (309)      
        Runtime [ 111 mins         Size CD1 [ 701MB / 49x15MB   
        Genre [ Comedy/Drama        CD2 [ 702MB / 50x15MB   
                     /Family/Musical/Western                          
                                                                      
                  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063389/                
                                                                      
    Encoding  
                                                                      
        Audio [ 96kb/s VBR Mono -V2                              
        Video [ 592 x 448 @ 1673kb/s 23.976fps                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                  PLOT                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
           This Disney film, set in the 1800s, follows "The Bower     
         Family Band" and starts with the band petitioning the        
         Democratic National Committee to perform a Grover            
         Cleveland rally song at the convention of 1888. However,     
         they decide to move to the Dakota territory instead due      
         to the insistence of their eldest daughter's suitor.         
         Grandpa Bower starts a little trouble when they get to       
         Dakota with his pro Grover Cleveland ideas because the       
         area is overwhelmingly republican. The people of the         
         Dakota territory are trying to have the area admitted to     
         the union as two separate states (South Dakota and North     
         Dakota) in order to acquire 4 republican senators rather     
         than just two. Cleveland blocks their plans and ends up      
         winning the election but allows Dakota to be recognized      
         as two separate states before he leaves office.              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               RIP NOTES                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
           This is not your average Disney movie, and perhaps         
         more of an American history lesson, though it still          
         exhibits many typical Disney qualities of its time. No       
         60s Disney story can be properly told without song and       
         dance, and certainly not one about a family band! This       
         was actually not originally intended as a musical, but       
         after Walt Disney heard the title track by the Sherman       
         Brothers, they were commissioned to write a number of        
         songs for the film. Like a spoonful of sugar, this was       
         presumably seen as a recipe for success, and the most        
         productive movie songwriting team in history did their       
         best with the material they had to work with.                
                                                                      
           Based on the biography by Laura Bower van Nuys, an         
         original member of the original (and genuine, and one        
         and only) family band, Robert Sherman felt the subject       
         matter was far more mundane than that of, say, Mary          
         Poppins, but they still completed 11 original songs for      
         the film.                                                    
                                                                      
           Several stars of the day were also cast, including         
         Buddy Ebsen, Walter Brennan, John Davidson and Lesley        
         Ann Warren. Curiously, this also starred two future          
         household names; Kurt Russell (said to have been a           
         personal favorite of Walt's) and Goldie Hawn. The first      
         time they met was on the set, though it would be another     
         15 years until they got together.                            
                                                                      
           Enjoy!                                                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                               WHO WE ARE                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to preserving         
         the neglected titles of an entertainment era long gone.      
         A time of classic kids flicks, painstaking hand-drawn        
         animation and countless cheesy low-budget horrors. A         
         time when pop had a King, and rock had a Queen. A time       
         when special FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of       
         their many tools.                                            
                                                                      
           Driven by nostalgia and memories of better days, we        
         seek to relive those times, and share those memories.        
         While our belief is that the 80s represent the very          
         pinnacle of pop culture, we will not limit ourselves         
         to one decade, or any single genre. We will not ignore       
         the movies considered insignificant or even embarrassing     
         by the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece just       
         because it is dated.                                         
                                                                      
           Whereas most groups rely solely on digital sources,        
         there are still thousands of rare and out of print           
         titles, many of which have no planned digital release.       
         We've made it our mission to dig these out, clean them       
         up using the best hardware and techniques available to       
         us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS, Laserdisc      
         or more exotic formats, we're here to bring you the best     
         (and worst!) of decades past. So sit back and enjoy as       
         we uncover and pay tribute to an age of cinema we will       
         never get back.                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                 
                          
                                
                                                
                                 THANKS                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
           To everyone that has supported us over the years and       
         managed to keep this fun!                                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
            AEN  AEROHOLiCS  SChiZO  FLS  SiCK  BLooDWeiSeR           
                                                                      
            FiCO  TheWretched  VH-PROD  HUMANiSM  BLooDLiTE           
                                                                      
            EPiSODE  VoMiT  ALLiANCE  FRAGMENT  SAPHiRE  xV           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                    
                     
                  
                           
                                 
                      nFO: asphyx