Start to play classical piano at the age of 6. Switch to guitar six years later and take lessons in classical guitar and start to play in different rock bands.1991-1994 Södra Latins Gymnasium,  the first and highest acclaimed high school program for music in Sweden. 1995-1997 Skurups Folkhögskola, legendary Swedish jazz program. 1998-2003 studies at the Royal University College of Music in Stockholm, also spending one year at the CNSMDP (Conservatoire National Superieur de Musique de Paris) in Paris. Studies in guitar, improvisation, composition/arranging for teachers like Joakim Milder, Daniel Humair, Alvaro Is-Rojas, Orjan Fahlström, Ricardo del Fra, and Lars-Erik Rosell.

Has toured and played with various groups as leader/co-leader in several countries including Sweden, Finland, Norway, Spain, Germany, France, Poland, Syria, USA. Leader of the Hans Olding Quartet (Linus Lindblom-saxophone, Pär-Ola Landin-bass and Chris Montgomery-drums) who have toured extensively in Sweden during the last couple of years. Co-leader of Franco-Finnish-Swedish quartet, The Olding/Kannaste Four, with Finnish saxophone player/ composer Jussi Kannaste. Formerly very active in the free music scene, having played with musicians like Mats Gustafsson, Raymond Strid, Luc Houtkamp (NL), Sten Sandell, Martin Kuchen and Rhodri Davies (UK). Also working as a composer/arranger, scoring for short films and has done writing for string quartets, big bands and full orchestras.
(hansolding.com)

- - -

The group consists of four of its generations most hard working musicians in Sweden and has created its own, unique space in European jazz, with a personal and contemporary sound, outside of the main stream. A great sensibility for the inner being of jazz is always present in their music, which is based in thorough compositional work and an almost intuitive interplay. Melodic, hard swinging, contemporary jazz with one foot in the tradition, the other in our time and with the aim steadily fixed into the future!

Hans Olding is one of Swedens most active and acclaimed jazz guitarists. He has been heard on stages around Europe and the rest of the world during the last ten years. Well known musicians he has played with includes, Daniel Humair (FRA), Francesco Bearzatti (ITA), Mikko Innanen (FIN), Karl-Martin Almqvist (SWE) and others. He has also received numerous grants for performance and composition.

Linus Lindblom, saxophone, is one of the clearest sounding voices on the Swedish jazz scene today and was recently awarded the Swedish National Radios jazz price as Newcomer of the year. Hes a highly personal musician with a lyrical and energetic sound.

Pär-Ola Landin, bass, can be heard on several recordings and on scenes around Sweden in different well-established bands. Hes one of the most in demand bass players of his generation in Sweden and has a long list of merits. Hes a thoroughly musical bassist with a rare drive and lots of experience from touring all over the world.

Chris Montgomery, drums, is probably the strongest and most exciting drummer emerging from the Swedish west coast. He is one of his generations biggest talents, playing regularly with top creative Swedish jazz groups all over Europe. Singers, Rigmor Gustafsson and Jeanette Lindström, as well as the Bohuslän Big Band are some of his recent employers.
(svenskjazz.se)


- - -

Gruppen utökas med vibrafonisten Mattias Ståhl i två melodier. Klarinettisten Fredrik Ljungkvist medverkar i en melodi. All musik är skriven av Olding. Det är en modern jazz som presenteras där kompositionerna knappast intar några publikflirtande vinklingar. Men jag vill definitivt inte kalla musiken svårtillgänglig. Här handlar det mer om tillit till den egna identiteten utan spekulativa tillsatser. Gruppens vidare öden är svårt att förutspå. Den seriösa inställningen och musikernas  personliga spel borgar för kommande lagrar.

Oldings gitarr och Linus sköna ton ger gruppen en tilltalande välljudande klang vilket också kunde konstateras på den tidigare skivan No Space. Båda har ett uttryckssätt som frapperar och lockar. Gruppens bakre delar, Per-Ola och Chris, är alert inspirerande och skapar en bra groove när tempot stiger. Mattias vibrafon är en tillgång och bidrar till att färga klangen i de nummer han deltar i. Fredrik Ljungkvist klarinett hade jag gärna sett lite ymnigare. Han är verkligen en speleman, en positiv sådan, som sprudlar av leklust peppat med fantasirika inpass. (Göran Olson digjazz.se)

- - -

Hans Olding - No Place Like Home 2011
(El Dingo Records)

 1. Between Olympics
 2. Afro tune
 3. A new deal
 4. Cope with me
 5. Olding swing
 6. Unfiltered
 7. I wash the city off my skin (No place like home)
