Ashampoo Burning Studio program for recording CD-RW, DVD-RW, DVD RW and Blu-ray discs last line of the package. The utility allows you to create projects and record CD / DVD (including MP3-CD, VCD, S-VCD, and Blu-ray). The program supports long filenames (127 characters for DVD and Blu-ray and 64 for CD), automatic configuration settings, saving and loading of the project, the creation of images, a simple file management with DragandDrop and much more. Works in conjunction with most recording devices. It has never been so easy to convert your files to DVD discs that can be played on any DVD-player.
 
Ashampoo Burning Studio 1910 users are unusually loyal, with good reason - this program's speed, simplicity and efficiency are simply unbeatable. Over the years the Ashampoo programmers have turned the program into a full suite that can handle all your data, audio and video burning and authoring tasks, without sacrificing its famous ease of use. In version 10 they have once again added a wealth of new features and modules, but the program is still amazingly intuitive to use - everything is explained as you do it.
 
The main focus of this premium version is even better authoring capabilities for building video and audio discs using the latest formats. HD and Full HD video (720p and 1080p) are now fully supported for Blu-ray discs, and all the encoding is handled by Ashampoo Burning Studio 10. All the authoring tools have been overhauled and the video encoding quality is even better than before. You now use the same new integrated editor for building DVD and Blu-ray video disks with menus. The program also starts more quickly and is generally snappier to use.
 
In addition to this there is a new Autoplay Editor module with which you can build auto-starting data discs with attractive interactive menus - for example for collections of programs. And there is now also a new Audio Player with which you can play audio files and audio CDs without leaving the program.
 
Overview of program features and functions
 
Burn and update data discs
 Burn data to CD, DVD or Blu-ray discs and update previously burned discs by adding and removing files and folders.
 
Back up your data to single or multiple discs
 Back up your valuable data to one or more CD, DVD or Blu-ray discs. Single backups can span multiple discs. Restore your backups in a single easy operation.
 
Rip and burn music
 Rip music from CDs and burn music to audio CDs and MP3 or WMA discs on CD, DVD and Blu-ray in a variety of formats. Encoders for all supported formats included.
 
Burn movies and photos to DVD, Blu-ray and data discs
 You can create slideshow with photos or video clips and you can author and burn Blu-ray video discs in HD and Full HD, video DVDs, and data video discs. Video files are automatically converted to the necessary formats.
 
Create high-quality slideshows
 Turn your photos into impressive DVD/Blu-ray slideshows with titles, transitions and background music.
 
Copy CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray discs
 Just insert a disc, select Copy and go to make a perfect copy.
 
Create and burn disc images
 You can both create and burn ISO, CUE/BIN and Ashampoo’s own special ASHDISC image formats.
 
Create auto-starting data discs with interactive menus
 Build data discs that start automatically when inserted and display a multi-page menu with background music. Include links to disc content, mail programs, web pages etc. Build discs with stand-alone or web browser menus.
 
Erase rewriteable discs
 Quick and easy erase functions for reusing rewriteable discs.
 
Expert burn functions for full control
 Burning experts can create modified copies of existing discs (read in data structure and make changes and additions) and burn discs of all kinds with full control of all main configuration options.
 
Create covers and labels
 The full-featured cover and label designer prints to labels or directly to printable discs. It comes with a selection of point-and-click themes for instant results and easy-to-use creative tools for designing your own layouts.
 