mp3   320kbps


Album : Down The Dirt Road: The Songs Of Charley Patton
Genre: Blues
Styles: Contemporary Blues, Modern Acoustic Blues 
Recorded: 2000
Released: 2001
Label: Telarc
Art: Front


1. Elder Greene Blues - 5:21
2. Poor Me - 3:15
3. Pea Vine Blues - 3:41
4. Pony Blues - 4:57
5. I Shall Not Be Moved - 3:42
6. Some Of These Days - 4:21
7. Sugar Mama - 7:30
8. Mississippi Bo Weavil Blues - 2:27
9. Moon Going Down - 1:55
10. Shake It And Break It - 2:09
11. Some Summer Day - 5:21
12. Down The Dirt Road Blues/When Your Way Gets Dark - 9:34

Personnel:
Steve James - Vocal, Guitar, Mandolin
Graham Parker - Vocals, Guitar
Charlie Musselwhite - Vocals, Guitar
Snooky Pryor - Vocals, Harmonica
Paul Rischell & Annie Raines - Vocals, Guitar, Harmonica
Guy Davis - Vocals, Guitar, Harmonica
Joe Louis Walker - Vocals, Guitar
Dave Van Ronk - Vocals, Guitar
Corey Harris - Vocals, Guitar
Kid Bangham - Guitar
Gregg Hoover - Guitar
Colleen Sexton - Vocal

Coordinated by acoustic Delta guitarist Steve James (who also penned the liner notes and appears on two tracks), this is a respectful but refreshingly not-always-reverent tribute to the undisputed King of the Delta blues. Although there are only 12 tracks and some of Patton's defining tunes, these performances capture the spirit of Patton and show how his legacy extends to contemporary blues musicians. There really isn't a bad or misguided track here (unusual for tribute discs), a situation helped by the quality and pedigree of the musicians involved, who seek to maintain the rawness of Patton's blues. Certainly keeping the predominantly unplugged music stripped to just guitar or harmonica or both maintains the focus. Delta-based artists such as Corey Harris and Dave Van Ronk turn in fine if unsurprising performances. But the unexpected addition of Brit pub rocker Graham Parker works surprisingly well, as his gritty voice (although not necessarily rudimentary guitar) does justice to 'Poor Me.' Harpist Charlie Musselwhite sticks to guitar for an ominous yet sweet 'Pea Vine Blues,' but it's Joe Louis Walker's incendiary seven-and-a-half-minute version of 'Sugar Mama' and the closing medley of 'Down the Dirt Road Blues'/'When Your Way Gets Dark,' sung with a sexy, knockout approach by the album's only female vocalist, Colleen Sexton, clocking in at nearly ten minutes, that are the album's highlights.
They open up these songs, leaving room for improvisation that expands the concepts but stays true to Patton's originals.
One of the most successful albums of this type, this is an excellent (and well-recorded) introduction to the music of one of the touchstones of the blues.
