I recently pulled a large number of comedy albums from a variety of sources. Some of them were ready to go, some needed tag fixing, some needed to be converted from FLAC to something humans use, and some were old LP rips from vinyl that were torrented as a single mp3 file, regardless of track. I am releasing these with this generic disclaimer at the top to save the time of having to explain each one individually. These are released AS IS, and lower bit rate albums cannot be re-torrented as higher quality as I don’t HAVE the original albums. I’m just doing what I can to make sure as much standup comedy as possible is out there on the public trackers and not just on private ones. Much thanks to all the original OPs, especially those folks who have ripped older LP albums that are so much harder to find than more recent stuff. Wherever possible, I have fixed tags, included album notes and artwork, and listed the album tracks. As a lover of comedy, I hope some of you younger folks take a chance on loading some of the older and perhaps unknown (to YOU!) stuff, and giving it a chance. There WAS comedy before Daniel Tosh and Tim Minchin, and some of it was freaking brilliant. Try to expand your repertoire. Enjoy.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_Year_Old_Man
 
http://bayimg.com/JAcEnAADl


The 2000 Year Old Man is a persona in a comedy skit created by Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner in 1961.

Mel Brooks played the oldest man in the world, interviewed by Carl Reiner in a series of comedy routines that appeared on television as well as being made into a collection of records. In a Jewish accent, Brooks would ad lib[citation needed] answers to topics such as the earliest known language ("basic Rock"), the creation of the Cross ("it was easier to put together than the Star of David"; "to me it seemed...simple. I didn't know then it was eloquent!"), and Joan of Arc ("Know her? I went with her, dummy, I went with her!"). The 2000-year-old man's birthday was October 16 (the year was never specified).

The inspiration for the skit was a tape-recorded exchange between Brooks and Reiner at a party.[citation needed] The tape recorder was brought into the mix shortly after the opening salvos as the two comics soon had the party audience in stitches. In 1961, when the duo began doing the skit on television, Brooks had just undergone surgery for gout. Because of his after-surgery discomfort, Brooks quipped, "I feel like a 2000-year-old man", which led Reiner to begin questioning him about what it's like to be a 2000-year-old man and to describe history as Brooks saw it.

Brooks and Reiner have released five comedy albums. The 2000 Year Old Man appeared on one track for each of the first three albums, and the entirety of the final two.

1.	2000 Years with Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks (1961)
2.	2000 and One Years with Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks (1961)
3.	Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks at the Cannes Film Festival (1962)
4.	2000 and Thirteen (1973)
5.	The 2000 Year Old Man in the Year 2000 (1998)

The last in the series won the 1998 Grammy Award for Spoken Word Performance.

A half-hour animated television special, The 2000 Year Old Man, premiered January 11, 1975[1], incorporating some of the original recordings.[1] This special has since been released on VHS videocassette and DVD. The musical introduction was Bach's Sinfonia to Cantata #29 performed on a Moog synthesizer by Mort Garson.

All five comedy albums were compiled and newly remastered on a 3-CD/1-DVD Box Set by Shout! Factory for the 50th anniversary. The 2000 Year Old Man: The Complete History DVD was released November 24, 2009 and features an interview with Reiner and Brooks; the 1975 animated 2000 Year Old Man television special, and clips of the two appearing on The Ed Sullivan Show and The New Steve Allen Show.

Many of the jokes (especially the caveman jokes) were eventually brought to the screen in Brooks' film History of the World, Part I.

Appearances in other media

Mel Brooks appeared as the 2000 Year Old Man to help celebrate the 2000th episode of the original Jeopardy! hosted by Art Fleming (February 21, 1972), in which the three highest-scoring undefeated champions at that point returned to play an abbreviated game for charities. During his pre-game appearance he recounted how the show was done 2,000 years earlier - "It wasn't this hippy-happy-dappy game you've got here ... the moment you walked out of your cave - Jeopardy!"[2]
Mel Brooks adapted the character to create the 2500 Year Old Brewmaster for Ballantine Beer in the 1960s. Interviewed by Dick Cavett in a series of ads, the Brewmaster (in a German accent, as opposed to the 2000 Year Old Man's Jewish voice) said he was inside the original Trojan horse and "could've used a six-pack of fresh air."

The 2000 Year Old Man was referenced in an episode of The Simpsons animated TV series called "Homer vs. Patty and Selma", where people refer to it incorrectly as "The 2000-Pound Man thing" and "The 2000-Dollar Man thing". When Mel Brooks is told to play the Carl Reiner part, he angrily says "Listen, why don't you play Carl Reiner, and I'll play Police Chief Wiggum? I hate Carl Reiner!"

In an episode of Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, "The Option Period", the character of Rick Tahoe uses The 2000 Year Old Man as an example of an ideal comedy sketch.
The 2000 Year Old Man routine is mentioned in the episode "One False Mole and You're Dead" on the sitcom "The Nanny".

