Clear Light - Clear Light (1967 US Psychedelic Rock)
CD (2002) To MP3 256 Kbit/s.
Included: CD Covers & This Info.

Biography  by Richie Unterberger  Allmusic.com
One of the better-remembered psychedelic one-shots of the '60s, Clear Light recorded one album on Elektra before splitting up. Their California psychedelia was very much in the mold of fellow Elektra artists Love, Tim Buckley, and especially the Doors, which is hardly a coincidence; like all of these artists, Clear Light worked with producer Paul Rothchild and engineer Bruce Botnick. Several of the members went on to notable careers: Douglas Lubahn played bass on several Doors albums, Dallas Taylor drummed for Crosby, Stills, & Nash, keyboardist Ralph Schuckett became a prolific session musician, and Cliff De Young became a prolific TV movie actor.


Review   by Matthew Greenwald  Allmusic.com
Kind of a minor league version of the Doors, Clear Light were a West Coast phenomenon, and although they didn't last too long, were an interesting group. A very good slice of Los Angeles psychedelia, Clear Light were a six-piece band that combined folk, rock, psychedelia, and even a touch of classical to their sound. The end result, though, is a little ponderous and pretentious, but strangely listenable. The big hit off this album (produced by Paul Rothchild and engineered by Bruce Botnick) was "Mr. Blue," a psychedelic folk song written by Tom Paxton. It's over six-minutes long and a bit overbaked, but it does have an odd appeal. The finer moments are guitarist Bob Seal's psychedelic folk-rock songs, namely "With All in Mind" and "They Who Have Nothing." Singer Cliff DeYoung went on to have a successful acting career, bass player Doug Lubahn played on the early Doors albums, Dallas Taylor went on to drum for Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young and John Sebastian, and keyboardist Ralph Schuckett became one of the more popular West Coast session players and arrangers. A lot of talent in a short-lived ensemble. Dated but charming West Coast psychedelia.

Tracklist:
01. Black Roses
02. Sand
03. A Child's Smile
04. Street Singer
05. The Ballad Of Freddie & Larry
06. With All In Mind
07. She's Ready To Be Free [CD Bonus Track]
08. Mr. Blue
09. Think Again
10. They Who Have Nothing
11. How Many Days Have Passed
12. Night Sounds Loud
Track 01-06 & 08-12  Elektra US Stereo EKS -74011 ("Clear Light - Clear Light" 1967 LP)
Track 07  Elektra US  EK-45622 ("Black Roses / She's Ready To Be Free" 1967 Single)

Lineup:
Cliff De Young - Lead Vocals
Bob Seal - Guitar, Vocals (On "Black Roses & With All In Mind")
Douglas Lubahn - Bass, Vocals
Ralph Schuckett - Organ, Piano, Celeste
Michael Ney - Drums, Percussion
Dallas Taylor - Drums

See my other Torrents:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/Iron_Horse/