Over the years, the packaging of Björks albums grew famously, and increasingly, elaborate, but Biophilia is the first Björk project where the set of songs isnt the complete package. Designed as a suite of interactive iPad and iPhone apps that explore humanitys relationships with sound and the universe, the albums concept was so grand that it began as a musical house and ended up including scientists, engineers, video game designers, and film directors among Björks collaborators. Biophilias boldest innovations are in its presentation rather than in the actual music, which is surprisingly subtle and intimate given the concepts immense scope, but the perfect size to be cradled in a lap or palm. Björk recorded parts of the album on an iPad, and these songs retain that intimacy. They also recall Vespertine, which was made primarily on a laptop and also kept the closeness of its creation, as well as Homogenics percussive onslaughts, particularly on the literally volcanic Mutual Core. Minus the projects other layers, Biophilia sometimes feels like a soundtrack; songs such as the album-opening Moon -- which features gravity harps built especially for this project -- are so soft and delicate that they take a while to reveal themselves without their corresponding visuals. But just because the music is only one part of the Biophilia experience doesnt mean its unsatisfying. Björk embodies each songs musical, scientific, and emotional concepts fully and cleverly: Crystallines insistent repetition captures mineral formations shooting out of the ground, especially when drum n bass beats explode halfway through the song. Biophilias educational side is never boring, in part because Björk relates bigger phenomena to easily understood, and often tangible, occurrences; the earth is tilted on its axis like a human heart, and DNA is an everlasting necklace. The gorgeous Virus expresses its multiplying phrases in a love song with facts and emotions in perfect harmony: Like a virus needs a body/As soft tissue feeds on blood/Someday Ill find you/The urge is here. However, the most exciting thing about Biophilia is how it expresses the cycle of discovery and wonder. Knowledge and mystery dont have to be enemies: on Cosmogony, science and spirituality hold hands and creation myths sit next to facts. Björk holds the sheer magnitude of the album together with repeated motifs -- moons, stars, pearls, hearts, hands, and above all generosity -- that reflect Biophilias layered meanings of love, life, and love of life. The album even completes an orbit with Solstice, which ends with the same gentle harps that began Moon (the CD version of the album also features three bonus tracks, including the hurtling, previously unreleased Nattura). Expectations run high whenever Björk announces a new album: how will she top herself? Biophilia is easily her most ambitious project as a whole, but its music is more about completion than competition, even against herself. Educational and emotional in a uniquely approachable way, these songs are a lovely part of a bigger picture.

Released: October 11, 2011
Genre: Electronic
Style: Experimental, Pop
Source: CD
Codec: FLAC
Channels: Stereo
Sample Rate: 44,100 hz
Bit Rate: ~
Bits per Sample: 16
Covers: Front
Bonus: 320kbps MP3 version for iPod users.

Tracks:

 1. Moon – Album Version
 2. Thunderbolt 
 3. Crystalline 
 4. Cosmogony 
 5. Dark Matter
 6. Hollow 
 7. Virus – Album Version
 8. Sacrifice 
 9. Mutual Core 
 10. Solstice

More Info: 
 
http://allmusic.com/album/biophilia-r2308615/review