

Batch PDF Conversion Software
FileConvert is batch PDF conversion software for turning existing files, like scans, faxes, and Word documents into searchable PDF. It will watch for new scans from a network scanner or crawl for files to convert.

If you scan with a desktop scanner, look at FileCenter. But if you want to convert network scans or update existing files to searchable PDF, you need FileConvert.

Batch PDF Conversion Features
Watch for new network scans
Convert old scans to PDF
Make scans searchable
Auto-separate & save scans
Put your network scanner to use
Use simple wizards for setup
Schedule heavy jobs after-hours
More features »
Profile of a FileConvert User
Has old, unsearchable scans
Has boxes of documents to scan
Has a network scanner
Wants automatic separation
Wants to delay OCR until off-hours
Needs easy setup with wizards
Wants or needs a paperless office







Benefits of Using Batch PDF Conversion Software
There are many reasons why you should use batch PDF conversion software to convert your scans, faxes, and other document images to PDF.

Batch PDF Conversion Software Reduces Storage Costs and Liability
Batch PDF conversion software eliminates document storage costs while still meeting statutory document retention requirements. Batch PDF conversion software will also reduce your liability and improve disaster recovery by letting you make an offsite backup of all office files using an online backup service.

Batch PDF Conversion Software Improves Access and Productivity
By digitizing your paper files with batch PDF conversion software, begin using web-like searches to find files in seconds. Imagine having every office file at your fingertips. PDF files created with batch PDF conversion software are portable and easy to access. And finally, you can enjoy electronic filing with government agencies. Learn more about FileConvert batch PDF conversion software and other Lucion Paperless Office Products and discover your office's potential.

Batch PDF Conversion Software is Easy
FileConvert is batch PDF conversion software designed for offices without dedicated IT staff. Its simple wizards were written for the lay person. With little or no experience, start converting your old scanned documents and network scans to fully searchable and indexable PDF.



notezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

Always remember to block applications (or go off line) from calling home 'during install'. Once installed, disable 'check for automatic updates' option if available, so that you don't get it blacklisted