 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094606/

This is a convert from a new PAL DVD just arrived in the mail. We hvent been
able to source and HD/HDTV version as yet, however we will keep trying for you.

720 X 576 video res at 1800k bitrate, 256k audio

Subtitles on the disc were converted to SRT as best we could
- only English French, Italian and Romanian subtitles were on the DVD
We tried to find others on the net, however there were no Scandinavian
language subtitles posted for this movie and what other language subs there
were to be found appear to be for some other version than the PAL DVD
version. The English template included could be converted to instantly
provide possibly usable subtitles for any other language supported for 
instance by the free "google translate" facility on the net etc.

The accidental tourist is about misfits in our world that do 
not relate to others too well in what would be normally healthy
and fulfilling human interaction. Movie is based on American cultural
factors too.

It is in fact, contrary to the impression imparted by the advertising
surrounding this movie to point this out, however, it is actually
th character played by William Hurt that seems most like-able
and sincere in this tale.

For those of Genne Davis's character in this movie, there is much
to say of a need to improve in such approaches as how to get a man
to put your child into an expensive school for as many years as you
can commit him to doing so, rather than just for what he might
otherwise be willing to do, based on his own inclination of the moment.

Ultimately, the problem of dysfunctional personality types in our midst
is best spoken to in looking at the character portrayal by Amy Wright.
Some come to be formed to see the world as a mainly malicious place where
everyone apparently enjoys or in any event seems to want to "ruin your chances
for happiness" in order to make the world an even place for those that have lost out along the way. How sad. The Personalysis theory speaks to those of what is known as "a gren child condition" for whom the world becomes a place of self
fulfilling prophecies based on this world view formed within.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo



 










