Everything you need to easily do your personal and business taxes.

Guides you Step by Step through Self-Employment Income, Deductions, and 
Credits for your Biggest Tax Refund
Customizes questions based on your business profile (sole-proprietor, consultant, 1099 contractor, and single-owner LLC) and gives you step-by-step guidance for entering income and expenses.

Helps Find Small-Business Tax Deductions — Shows you which expenses you can deduct for your vehicle, supplies, utilities, home office expenses, and more, so you get every business deduction you deserve.
Identifies Industry-Specific Deductions — Walks you through tax write-offs by industry to help you spot commonly overlooked deductions.
Gets You the Biggest Vehicle Deduction — Shows you whether you’ll get a bigger deduction using actual expenses or the standard mileage rate. Provides extra help for splitting vehicle expenses between business and personal use.
Makes Entering Income Easier — Shows all business income types on a single page so you know you’ve covered all sources of business income.
Creates W-2 and 1099 Forms — Helps you prepare unlimited forms for employees and contractors. Does all calculations and prints on plain paper. No special forms needed. Mac users must have Internet access to create W-2 and 1099 forms.
Simplifies Asset Depreciation — Helps you determine which depreciation method will get you the biggest deduction, then guides you through calculating and reporting depreciation.
Streamlines Expense Entry — Walks you through all expense categories and provides additional tax deduction suggestions along the way so you can maximize your savings.
Offers Extra Guidance for New Businesses — Shows the startup deductions new businesses can take.

Also includes everything in Premier:

Helps You Get the Most from Your Investments
 Imports Your Investment Info — Saves time by automatically importing your investment info directly from your financial institution.
Helps You Accurately Report Investment Sales — Walks you through reporting sales of stocks, bonds and mutual funds. Automatically calculates capital gains/losses and keeps track of those that carry over to future tax returns.
Determines Your Cost Basis — Finds your accurate purchase price for stock sales, in three easy steps.
Helps with Employee Stock Plans — Guides you through reporting sales and automatically determines your correct basis for selling shares purchased at different times or different prices.
401(k) Maximizer — Shows you how to increase your 401(k) contribution without decreasing your take-home pay.
 Helps You Find Every Rental Deduction — Finds over 20 deductions for landlords, from travel to advertising to repairs to insurance.
 Shows Your Best Rental Depreciation Method — Simplifies reporting rental property depreciation and shows which depreciation method will get you the biggest tax deduction.
Maximizes Refinancing Deductions — Guides you through deducting points, appraisal fees, recording costs, and more so you don’t miss a single chance to save.
Helps with New Rental Properties — Shows you step by step how to set up new rental properties.
Finds All Tax Deductions and Credits You Deserve to Get Your Biggest Refund
Maximizes Your Tax Deductions — Asks simple questions about your income, family situation and changes in your tax situation and credits. Then, based on your answers, searches for more than 350 deductions and credits to get you the biggest tax refund—guaranteed.
Looks for Deduction Opportunities as You Go — Shows you which deductions you’ve taken. Which deductions you haven’t. And tells you how to qualify for just about any deduction, so you don’t miss any opportunities to save.
Gets You the Maximum Deduction for Donations — ItsDeductible (included) helps you accurately value items you donate to charity–no more guessing. Plus, it tracks other donations such as cash, mileage and stocks, to help you get every charitable deduction you’re entitled to.
Handles Your Life Changes — Changed jobs? Got married? Bought a home? Had a baby? TurboTax guides you through common life changes, explains how the changes will impact your taxes, and tells you what you can deduct.
Helps with Medical Expenses — Does all the math and tells you if you qualify to deduct your medical expenses for maximum tax savings.
Helps You Reduce Audit Risk
Tracks Your Audit Risk — Audit Risk Meter™ checks your tax return for common audit triggers. Shows whether your risk is high or low. And provides tips to help you reduce your chance of an audit.
Includes Downloadable Audit Support Center — Gives you step-by-step guidance on everything you need to know and do if the IRS contacts you.
Also Available: Audit Defense — Provides full-service representation by a trained tax professional. You will never have to meet with the IRS, unless you want to.3
Does the Hard Work for You
Asks Easy Questions, Tailored to You — Guides you step by step through your tax return and puts your answers on the right tax forms for you. Skips interview questions that don’t apply to you, so you can finish your return faster.
Automatically Fills in W-2 and 1099 Info — Gets your W-2 and 1099 data directly from over 100,000 participating employers and financial institutions and automatically puts it in the right tax forms. A brief summary lets you review and edit downloaded information if necessary.
Transfers Last Year’s Tax Info — No retyping necessary. Fills in information from your previous year’s return to save time and increase accuracy. Shows you what you’re importing and where it goes in your return. You can also import from other tax software including TaxACT and H&R Block’s TaxCut.
 Imports a PDF of Last Year's Tax Return — Easily imports prior year tax data/documents from TurboTax, other tax software brands4 and tax stores.5
Imports Your Financial Data — Imports information from your financial software (including Quicken®, QuickBooks® 2007 and higher4, and Microsoft® Money) so you can skip the cut and paste this year.
Makes it Easy to Hold Your Place — Flag areas in your tax return so you can get back to them easily.
Provides Help and Advice When You Need It
Live Tax Answers — Get live answers online from TurboTax experts and other TurboTax users in our Live Community2. Plus you’ll have instant access to answers to commonly asked tax questions on every screen.
Straightforward Guidance & Advice — Find help on any tax topic from anywhere within TurboTax. Get plain-English explanations of specific tax areas and helpful examples when you need them.
Guide Me — Not sure how to answer a tax question? We’ll guide you to the right answer, making your taxes even easier.
Explains Your Return — Shows you a summary of your return, including income, tax, credits and payments so you know your taxes are accurate. Provides recommendations to help you get an even bigger refund next year.
FREE Technical Support — Got a software question? No problem! Get answers from a TurboTax expert via phone or live chat.
Spots Errors and Shows How to Fix Them
Smart Check™ Scans for Mistakes — Smart Check double-checks your return for errors, so you can be confident your taxes are done right.
Guaranteed Accurate Calculations — If you should get hit with an IRS or state penalty or interest due to a TurboTax calculation error, we’ll pay you the penalty and interest.
Keeps You Up-to-Date with the Latest Tax Laws — With a single click you can check for updates each time you start to ensure your return includes the latest IRS and state tax forms. No more disruptions while you work on your return.
Get Your Refund Faster with Included Federal Efile
Shows Your Tax Refund in Real Time — Watch your refund add up as you complete your return. Our Dual Refund Monitor constantly displays and updates both your federal and state refunds (or taxes due) as you complete your federal return.
Federal Efile Included — Get your refund in as few as 8 days with efile and direct deposit. Free federal efile is included with TurboTax at no extra charge. If you’re a returning user, we’ll automatically transfer your efile information from your previous year’s return to save you even more time.
New Options to Get Your Refund Fast — Direct deposit your tax refund on a TurboTax Refund Card, a reloadable Visa prepaid card that can be used everywhere Visa debit is accepted. Or put your refund on a prepaid card you already have.


If you download this, I'll save you $99 and you'll have the best tax software available ANYWHERE. In my opinion, this is MUCH better than Deluxe and Premier so enjoy.

Happy Downloading -Anarchist9027