Burt F. Bacharach (born May 12, 1928) is an American pianist, composer and music producer. He is known for his popular hit songs and compositions from the mid-1950s through the 1980s, with lyrics written by Hal David. Many of their hits were produced specifically for, and performed by, Dionne Warwick. Following on with the initial success of this collaboration, Bacharach went on to produce hits with Dusty Springfield, Bobbie Gentry and others. As of 2006, Bacharach had written 70 Top 40 hits in the US, and 52 Top 40 hits in the UK. 
Bacharach's music is characterized by unusual chord progressions, striking syncopated rhythmic patterns, irregular phrasing, frequent modulation, and odd, changing meters. Bacharach has arranged, conducted, and co-produced much of his recorded output.
His style is sometimes also associated with particular instrumental combinations he is assumed to favor or to have favored, including the prominent use of the flugelhorn in such works as Walk on By and Nikki..  (wikipedia)

Burt Bacharach is, of course, a legendary songwriter, though he rarely writes alone, preferring to collaborate with others, particularly Hal David. Most of the songs here are Bacharach-David collaborations, but you'll find other collaborators here too, especially on the third CD, which also contains more obscurities than the other two CDs. One obvious omission, at least from a British perspective, is Twenty four hours from Tulsa, which was a huge UK hit for Gene Pitney. He is represented by The man who shot Liberty Valance.

Burt Bacharach is forever associate with the sixties, though his songs were already being successfully recorded by others in the fifties. The oldest track here dates from 1952 and is instrumental track (Once in a blue moon) that Burt wrote alone, which Nat King Cole performs. It doesn't represent either the best of Burt or the best of Nat, but it's OK. Burt's first hit as a composer with The blob, performed by the Five Blobs. His collaborator then was Hal's brother Mack David. Burt started to get serious after teaming up with Hal. They started making an impact in 1957-58, firstly with Story of my life. Here it is performed by Marty Robbins, who had the American hit, but the song became a British number one for Michael Holliday. Not long after, they had an even bigger hit when Perry Como had a huge international hit with Magic moments.

In the sixties, Dionne Warwick was often the first to record Bacharach-David songs and she had a string of hits with them, but some hits got away. Legend has it that she wasn't initially interested in What the world needs now is love. Eventually, Jackie DeShannon was offered the chance to record the song and it became a huge hit for her. Furthermore, some songs that were American hits for Dionne were UK hits for o other singers, although Dionne still had some big sixties hits in the UK. In the early seventies, Burt Bacharach's marriage collapsed, as did his working partnership with Hal David, so after the Carpenters had a huge international hit in 1970 with Close to you, the seventies were mostly unsuccessful, although the Stylistics hit big with You'll never get to heaven.

There was a revival in the eighties when Burt teamed up with Carole Bayer Sager, both professionally and romantically, which yielded a few major hits including Arthur's theme - Best that you can do (Christopher Cross) but they could not achieve sustained consistency. Burt's marriage to Carole eventually broke up, since when Burt has collaborated with Elvis Costello among others.

While this compilation covers the whole of Burt's career as a songwriter, it is rooted firmly in the glory days of the sixties. Here you will find many of the famous songs, though where different versions charted in Britain and America, the American hit version is usually included, an obvious exception being Alfie (here performed in Cilla Black rather than Dionne Warwick). Dionne is represented by five solo tracks and one track on which she is joined by three friends including Elton John. Other British singers featured include Dusty Springfield (The look of love, Wishin' and hopin`), Sandie Shaw (Always something there to remind me), Helen Shapiro (Keep away from other girls), Merseybeats (It's love that really counts), Manfred Mann (My little red book), Searchers (This empty place), Anita Harris (London life), Cliff Richard (Wonderful to be young), Tom Jones (Promise her anything, What's new pussycat), Shirley Bassey (A house is not a home), and Billy J Kramer (Trains and boats and planes). Elvis Costello duets with Burt on Who are these people.

Many compilations of been released featuring the songs of Burt Bacharach, but this one offers a nice mix of the famous and the obscure.   (Peter Durward Harris)


Disc 1

 1. Jackie DeShannon - What The World Needs Now Is Love
 2. The Carpenters - (They Long To Be) Close To You
 3. B.J. Thomas - Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head
 4. Nancy Wilson - Reach Out For Me
 5. The Shirelles - Baby, It's You
 6. Dionne Warwick - Walk on By
 7. Dusty Springfield - The Look of Love
 8. Tommy Hunt - I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself
 9. Doris Day - Send Me No Flowers
10. Frankie Avalon - Gotta Get A Girl
11. Jack Jones - Wives and Lovers
12. Cilla Black - Alfie
13. Herb Alpert - This Guy's In Love With You
14. Tom Jones - Promise Her Anything
15. Cliff Richard - It's Wonderful To Be Young (Alternate Take)
16. Gene Vincent - Crazy Times
17. Charlie Gracie - I Looked For You
18. The Five Blobs - The Blob
19. Jackie DeShannon - So Long Johnny
20. Shirley Bassey - A House Is Not A Home
21. Burt Bacharach - Nikki
22. Andy Williams - Don't You Believe It
23. Jimmy Radcliff - (There Goes) The Forgotten Man
24. Billy J Kramer - Trains and Boats and Planes
25. Herb Alpert - Casino Royal
26. Dionne Warwick - Anyone Who Had A Heart
27. Bobbie Gentry - The Windows of the World
28. Nat King Cole - Once In A Blue Moon (Instrumental)

Disc 2

 1. Perry Como - Magic Moments
 2. Dionne Warwick - Do You Know The Way To San Jose
 3. Aretha Franklin - I Say A Little Prayer
 4. Dusty Springfield - Wishin' and Hopin'
 5. Walker Brothers - Make It Easy on Yourself
 6. Sandie Shaw - (There's) Always Something There To Remind Me
 7. Burt Bacharach - Don't Go Breaking My Heart
 8. Dionne Warwick - I'll Never Fall in Love Again
 9. The Drifters - Please Stay
10. Gene McDaniels - Tower of Strength
11. Marty Robbins - The Story of My Life
12. Tom Jones - What's New Pussycat
13. Vi Velasco - That's Not The Answer
14. Dionne Warwick - Don't Make Me Over
15. Chuck Jackson -Any Day Now (My Wild Beautiful Bird)
16. Gene Pitney - (The Man Who Shot) Liberty Valance
17. The Drifters - Mexican Divorce
18. Dean Barlow - Third Window From The Right
19. Adam Wade - Rain From The Skies
20. Della Reese - How About
21. Helen Shapiro - Keep Away From Other Girls
22. Trini Lopez - Made in Paris
23. The Merseybeats - It's Love That Really Counts (In the Longrun)
24. Manfred Mann - My Little Red Book
25. The Searchers - This Empty Place
26. Burt Bacharach - Pacific Coast Highway

Disc 3

 1. Dionne & Friends - That's What Friends Are For
 2. Burt Bacharach & Elvis Costello - God Give Me Strength
 3. Will Young - What's In Goodbye
 4. Christopher Cross- Arthur's Theme (The Best You Can Do)
 5. Neil Diamond - Heartlight
 6. Burt Baracharch & Rufus Wainwright - Go Ask Shakespeare
 7. Burt Bacharach & Elvis Costello - Who Are These People
 8. Burt Bacharach - South American Getaway
 9. B.J. Thomas - Everybody's Out Of Town
10. Dionne Warwick - Odds and Ends
11. The Hammond Brothers - Thirty Miles of Railway Tracks
12. Irma Thomas - Long After Tonight Is All Over
13. The Drifters - Let The Music Pla
14. Dionne Warwick - Paper Mache
15. Keely Smith - One Less Bell To Answer
16. Anita Harris - London Life
17. Richard Chamberlain - Blue Guitar
18. The Drifters - The Land Of Make Believe
19. The Stylistics - You'll Never Get To Heaven (If You Break My Heart)
20. Carole Bayer Sager - Just Friends
21. Burt Bacharach - Hasbrook Heights
