WinZip Pro 16.0 Build 9686 Final x64/x32 [ENG] | 51.6 MB


WinZip the first and one of the most popular compression utility data. This powerful and easy to use tool that lets you quickly compress files, or return them to their original state in order to save disk space and greatly reduce the transmission of email messages. Working with the CAB, TAR, gzip, UUencode, XXencode, BinHex, and MIME formats, and ZIP. Besides, with the help of external programs can work with files ARJ, LZH, and ARC. Features include a representation of images as icons and automatic selection of compression method, as well as improved compression of audio files and support open BZ2 and RARfiles. Additionally, there is a feature enhanced redundancy and new builtin image viewer, with which you can view multiple images in a Zipfile.

Photo Compression, Management and Sharing
New! Photo Compression compresses JPEG files by 20 to 25%
New! Send Selected Files from a Zip file by email or to a new Zip file
New! Resize Photos from a Zip file when sending by email or to a new Zip file
Explorer View displays image thumbnails for easy browsing
New! Zip from Camera Wizard with AutoRotate to quickly transfer, rotate and compress photos from supported cameras yes
New! Rotate, Resize, and View full sized images directly from a Zip file

Compression Performance and Archive Compatibility
New! LZMA compression for better performance on most files
New! Photo Compression for JPEG files with no loss of photo quality or data integrity
"Best" compression chooses compression method based on file type
New! Open and Extract 7Z, IMG, and ISO files
Open and Extract from RAR, BZ2, CAB, LHA and other archive files
Create Zip (legacy and advanced) and LHA files
Create and Read Zip files larger than 4GB

Builtin EMail, FTP, and CD/DVD Burning
New! Zip and EMail Selected Files from an existing Zip file
Quickly Create and Send Zip files with OneClick "Zip & EMail"
Use Send To and send new and existing Zip files as email attachments
New! Zip and FTP Upload Selected Files from an existing Zip file
FTP Upload new and existing Zip files
Zip and Burn new and existing Zip files directly to CD and DVD

Encryption and Security
FIPS197 Certified AES Encryption (128 and 256Bit)
New! Password Policy control to set complexity requirements
New! Encryption Method control to set or disable available encryption methods

Task Automation Capabilities
Command Line Support (separate download)
Predefined WinZip Jobs for data backup
Create custom WinZip Jobs to automate routine Zip tasks
Schedule WinZip Jobs to run automatically and unattended
Email, FTP Upload or Burn to disk a Zip file on WinZip Job completion
Email Log files on WinZip Job completion

Easy to Learn and Use
New! Contentsensitive Smart View logically displays the files in a Zip file
New! Save As, Rename, New Folder make it easier to manage Zip files
New! Zip Properties graphically displays compression savings
New! Encryption Column in Details View shows which files are encrypted
Unicode support to display international characters for filenames in a Zip file
Choice of interfaces Wizard, Classic, Windows Shell Integration
Split Zip File to make large Zip files manageable and fit on removable media
Create SelfExtracting Archives with SelfExtractor Personal Edition
CheckOut to temporarily extract Zip files and clean them up when done

Simplify:
Choose your interface style – Wizard, Classic, Windows Shell Integration
NEW! Get easy access to recent Zip files, Jobs, and WinZip commands with Windows 7 Jump List support
NEW! Easily locate files, folders, and libraries using updated, Windows 7 style WinZip dialogs, including New, Open, Add, and Extract
NEW! Zip just the files you want using the Add dialogs Include and Exclude filters
NEW! Zip your Windows 7 libraries and unzip into Windows 7 libraries
NEW! See the content of your Zip files in Explorer with the Zip file previewer for Windows 7 and Vista
NEW! Double Click on a file in the Explorer Zip file previewer to open it for viewing
NEW! Utilize Windows 7 touch screen gestures simple finger movements to simplify tasks
Temporarily extract Zip files using the Check Out feature and have WinZip clean them up when done
Rotate, Resize, and View full sized images directly from a Zip file
Use the contentsensitive Smart View to logically display the files in a Zip file
Use Explorer View to display image thumbnails for easy browsing

OS: Win XP/2000/Vista/Win 7
Language : English

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


@@@ How To Install @@@

1. Install Software
2. Use Serial
6. Done!!!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------