Ledset Cam Wizard v10.14 Portable

Cam Wizard is the ultimate webcam security application for your PC. When Cam Wizard is running it constantly monitors your PC webcam looking for any motion in the scene or in a user defined rectangle within the scene. When motion is detected, Cam Wizard instantly starts capturing the footage as a WMV movie file. This high quality, highly compressed, WMV movie can then be archived for later viewing and/or emailed to an email address of your choice. With the emailing option enabled it's even possible to gain useful evidence even if, god forbid, your PC is stolen.


Cam Wizard is the ultimate webcam security application for your PC. When Cam Wizard is running it constantly monitors your PC webcam looking for any motion in the scene or in a user defined rectangle within the scene. When motion is detected, Cam Wizard instantly starts capturing the footage as a WMV movie file. This high quality, highly compressed, WMV movie can then be archived for later viewing and/or emailed to an email address of your choice. With the emailing option enabled it's even possible to gain useful evidence even if, god forbid, your PC is stolen.
Cam Wizard is a software that allows you to monitor and detect motion. The emailing function does not rely on any third party emailing software or user interaction, Cam Wizard has a robust SMTP mail sending engine embedded right in the application itself, very nice!

Cam Wizard movies contain an accurate time stamp on every frame as a transparent overlay, this format makes Cam Wizards output perfectly suitable for courtroom evidence purposes.

Why go to the bother and expense of purchasing a CCTV system with motion detection when Cam Wizard can do it all for you! Never before has it been this easy to setup a high tech home security system that's capable of catching criminals in the act.

With Cam Wizard it's possible to set up a multiple camera video surveillance system in a matter of minutes, and there's no need for temperamental long play analogue cassette systems, Cam Wizard spools the WMV movies right to your hard drive or network drive.

One hours worth of footage takes only ~12MB, so a 100gig hard drive has enough room for a year of continuous footage, when you bear in mind that Cam Wizard only records footage when movement is detected, you soon realise that this is a very powerful system indeed.

With it's audio alarm function Cam Wizard can be configured to alert you with a WooWoo (like a car alarm) alert in the event of motion in the scene, or in a user defined rectangle in the scene, great for a baby monitor, or a trade counter monitor to alert staff.

FEATURES:

• Super easy to setup and use
• Compatible with all video sources
• Captures JPEG still frames
• Captures WMV movies
• Stable for long term operation
• Competitively priced
• Software upgrades for life
• Minimizes to the system tray
• Monitor multiple cameras at once
• Great customer email support

Home Page - http://www.ledset.com/camwiz/index.htm




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                                   
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                  
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay	
			