Corel PaintShop Photo Pro X4 v14.0.0.332 Multilingual Incl Keymaker-CORE

Discover the photo-editing software that gives passionate photographers more to love! This release extends the legendary photo-editing power of PaintShop Pro with 75 new and enhanced features based on the needs of real photographers like you. Create your best images yet with exciting new pro-level effects. Explore new tools that help you tap into the latest photography trends like HDR and tilt shift. Enjoy a streamlined workspace and dramatically faster tools that let you see results as you work. When you’re ready to show off your best photos, sharing online is just a click away.

Passionate photographers will find more to love in Corel® PaintShop™ Pro X4. With easy-to-use editing tools, a streamlined workspace and exciting pro-level effects, this is photo-editing software that lets you get the look you want, every time. Retouch photos in an instant. Or dive into creative features that let you create breathtaking compositions. Then share your best photos online with just a click. It’s the perfect match for your DSLR camera!
HDR module – merge photos with different exposures to create incredible images
Selective Focus – mimic the effect of tilt-shift photography without expensive lenses
Photo Blend – combine photos of the same scene to include the best details and remove unwanted elements
Redesigned workspace – move freely between the Manage, Adjust and Edit tabs to find the tools you need fast

View, organize and edit the easy way
The redesigned workspace mirrors your natural workflow, making it easy to move between the Manage, Adjust and Edit modes for a more intuitive photo-editing experience. Use the Shot Info panel and dual monitor support to get the information you need at a glance.

Enhance and create faster
PaintShop Pro X4 includes GPU optimizations, performance updates and real-time effects—including Noise Reduction, Vibrancy, Tone Mapping and more—so you can see results as you work.

Create pro-level images
Sophisticated effects, layer editing, artistic brushes, and more than 75 new and enhanced features put high-end photo-editing tools in your hands!

Share instantly
Quickly share your photos on Facebook® and Flickr® straight from the Organizer.




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious        torrents:                                                                     
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                                                    
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1200+ torrents:                                                                     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay			
			