Roof Girls - art video made by artist Kalle Brolin

DVD in 4:3, PAL 
16 mins.
Filmed in Tallinn, Estonia, in 2006

More info at www.kallebrolin.com

Film mixing silhouetteanimation and live footage. Telling the story of how some girls were climbing past my windowsill on the sixth floor, how they get up on the roofs of the Old Town in Tallinn, and why they go there. The rooftops as a nonplace for projecting your own possible city upon.

Film structured after three differing ways of presenting a story - films made by the girls themselves, of favorite roofs and crazy stunts; animation made by artist Kalle Brolin after losing track of the girls for a couple of weeks; and an interview titled 'It Took Fifteen Minutes For Them To Find The Connection', recorded when they hooked up again. Live footage taken by Regina-Mareta and Tuuli, interview sequence shot by the window in studio, animated sequence made with paper silhouettes, with music by artist Helena Backman/Leamoll.

Re-edited August 2008. 

Catalogue text, quoting Kalle Brolin about Roof Girls: 

“The starting point for Roof Girls is that one evening I was sitting in my studio, which was on the sixth floor, just under the roof of the building, when some girls came climbing past, balancing on my windowsill. When they saw my scared face, they smiled and waved atme, then went past. I could hear them later, running around on the roof. 

After that, I’d keep looking up at the roofs whenever I was out walking, but I didn't see them again until they came back to terrorize me. This time, they were hanging upside down from their knees, outside my window, waving at me. They wanted to see my reaction, again. 

The next day I met them on some stairs, and talked to them. They told me they were always climbing around on the roofs of Old Town. They had favourite chimneys and suchlike, where there were good views. I was really worried about them falling, especially when I didn't see them for a couple of weeks. Once again I was looking up at the roofs whenever I was out walking. 

Next time we met, they came into my studio, and we started showing each other our art - they made drawings, sometimes small paintings. They borrowed cameras from me, were gone for a couple of days, then came back and showed me things they'd filmed, partly to shock me I think. They liked piercing, macabre death metal-music. I made some DVD:s for them. They told me about how they'd go on the roofs and be totally alone, because none of the boys they were otherwise hanging with dared to climb up there. The roofs were their very own territory. The last night I stayed in my studio, there were fireworks in Old Town. I could hear the girls up on the roof, watching it from there.” 
