Revit 2012 Extensions Now Available on Autodesk Subscription

The extensions are listed below with their description (mostly strait out of the extension product page) but for more details please go to the extension product page. I have also added some of my personal comments as FYI.


Autodesk Revit DB Link 2012 
Import and export data between an Autodesk® Revit® Architecture 2012, Autodesk® Revit® Structure 2012, or Autodesk® Revit® MEP 2012 project and an external database, and then more easily maintain relationships of linked data with Autodesk® Revit® DB Link.

A grid view of the data enables you to make any final edits before import.
Databases can be updated following internal or external changes.
The grid control enables you to create Revit shared parameters to add new fields to related tables in the database.
Changes to new fields within the database automatically update Revit shared parameters upon future imports.

Autodesk Revit Model Review 2012 

Automate the process of reviewing and auditing building information modeling (BIM) projects in Autodesk® Revit® Architecture 2012, Autodesk® Revit® MEP 2012, or Autodesk® Revit® Structure 2012 software with the Autodesk® Revit® Model Review plug-in:

Check the accuracy and consistency of a Project or Family against standards set by your firm, your clients, or industry best practices.
Correct inconsistencies with a single click or with instructions provided when manual fixes are required.


Worksharing Monitor for Autodesk Revit 2012 

Worksharing Monitor facilitates the use of Autodesk® Revit® Architecture 2012, Autodesk® Revit® Structure 2012, or Autodesk® Revit® MEP 2012 software in a worksharing environment, in which multiple people work on one project. For workshared projects, Worksharing Monitor answers questions such as:

Who is currently working on this project?
Is my local copy of the project up-to-date?
When will my Save to Central operation finish?
Has my request to borrow elements been granted?
Are any issues interfering with my work on a Revit software project?


Space Naming Utility for Autodesk Revit MEP 2012 
The Space Naming Utility for Autodesk® Revit® MEP 2012 software is an intuitive tool that automatically assigns the names and numbers from architectural rooms to Revit MEP spaces. By downloading the Space Naming Utility for Revit MEP 2012 software, you can eliminate the need to manually assign names to the spaces, helping save time and simplifying your workflow.


Globe Link for Autodesk Revit 2012 

With Globe Link, users can publish 3D building information models directly from Autodesk® Revit® Architecture 2012, Autodesk® Revit® Structure 2012, and Autodesk® Revit® MEP 2012 software into Google Earth™ mapping service. Users can also acquire site information from Google Earth mapping service and import it into Revit 2012 software applications for building and site layout purposes.


Batch Print for Autodesk Revit 2012

Batch Print provides an easy way to print a large number of drawings (views and sheets) from a Autodesk® Revit® Architecture 2012, Autodesk® Revit® Structure 2012, or Autodesk® Revit® MEP 2012 software project. 
After preparing the default printer and the Revit software project, use Batch Print to send any number of drawings to the printer and to control the order in which they print. When you start the print job, Batch Print manages the printing of the drawings, requiring no further interaction from you. If desired, you can monitor the progress of the print job using a status dialog.



Thanks.
