Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


The World Is a Thorn (also stylized The World Is Λ Thorn) is Demon Hunter's fifth studio album, which was released March 9, 2010. The album is described by the band as their "heaviest but most melodic" album yet. The first single, "Collapsing", which features Björn "Speed" Strid of Soilwork, and the title track were approved for sales on Rock Band's Rock Band Network.

Demon Hunter is an American metalcore band from Seattle, Washington. A Christian group, it was started by brothers Don Clark and Ryan Clark. Demon Hunter's members are Christian and express their love for Christ in many of their songs. Although the brothers created the band, only one remains, Don Clark having left the band to take care of his family. As of Early 2010 the band has sold over half a million albums.

In late August 2009, Ryan Clark posted the following about their fifth studio album on the official Demon Hunter webpage.

    "At this point, I would say about 90% of the music has been written, and probably about 40% of the lyrics/melodies. As cliché as it can be to say, the album is shaping up to be heavier, faster, and more aggressive than previous Demon Hunter material (and there might be a ballad or two in there for good measure). As always, we're doing our best to maintain the classic DH sound, all while introducing some new and exciting ideas to keep things exciting."

The band started work with producer Aaron Sprinkle (The Almost, Anberlin), and mixer Jason Suecof (August Burns Red, Job For A Cowboy) for their new album.

On December 16, 2009, an official replacement for Don Clark was announced in Demon Hunter's exclusive fan club, The Blessed Resistance, with the announcement of Ryan Helm (of The Ascendicate) as the band's new permanent rhythm guitarist. A photo of Helm with the band was also released to TBR.

The band released The World Is a Thorn on March 9, 2010. It features guest vocals by Dave Peters of Throwdown in "Feel As Though You Could" and Christian Älvestam of Miseration (ex-Scar Symmetry) in "Just Breathe". Björn "Speed" Strid of Soilwork in the single "Collapsing".

The album debuted at #39 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 14,000.

The band joined As I Lay Dying on tour in March, marking the first time Demon Hunter ever toured as a support act rather than the headliner. Blessthefall and War of Ages were also on the bill.

Demon Hunter will headline the US The World Is A Thorn Tour in August, with Sleeping Giant, Inhale Exhale and A Bullet For Pretty Boy in support.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/