Vertikal [aka Vertical] | 1966 | Russia

Genre:    Adventure | Drama
Runtime:  1:12:47
Source:   DVD
Encoding: XviD
Video:    Black and White, 720x336, 23.97 fps, 16:9 aspect ratio
Audio:    MPEG Mono, 32kHz, 128kbps VBR
Language: Russian (audio), English/Russian (subtitles)
IMDB:     http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0182512/
Rating:   6.9/10 (145 votes)

Starring: Margarita Koshelyova, Gennadi Voropayev, Aleksandr Fadeyev, Georgi Kulbush and Larisa Luzhina
Directed by: Boris Durov and Stanislav Govorukhin

Notes:

 - I found enough spelling and grammatical errors in the English subtitles that I ended up redoing them, correcting the mistakes and also adding subtitles over the credits. I hope you that you like the new subtitles and that they add to your enjoyment of this film. I was hampered in this project by my not speaking Russian, and having only a halting ability to read Cyrillic (and not cursive.) Thanks to the very kind people at masterrussian.net, who will assist anyone who asks with Russian translation, for helping me on some parts I was stuck on. If you appreciate the (many days of) effort in not only doing this but having to learn how, and having many false starts and mistakes along the way, I always enjoy getting a "+". :^)
 
 - To use the subtitles, if required, simply extract the .SUB file from the .RAR archive into the same folder. I also included the corrected English source SRT file in the RAR. A free app. that will extract .RAR archives is 7-Zip from http://www.7-zip.org/
 
 - I seed using "Initial Seeding" which means that the torrent may show zero seeds; disregard this as I will seed for several days until there are other seeds.

 - Please make sure to seed as my upstream is rather slow (256kbps.) Small-scale torrents of hard-to-find large files such as rare movies are more vulnerable to dying if everyone doesn't seed to 100% or higher. Please do your part so free media will always be available. If everyone seeded to 101%, no torrent would ever die.