This one is pretty simple. 

1) Use Winrar or another program to extract the rar file
2) Click on the Ghost Recon application in the resulting folder to start the game

Thats it!

From the main menu you will want to select Options then the Graphics tab to adjust your settings.
Also, from the main menu, you should go to the Multiplayer tab to change your Player Name.

Welcome to Ghost Recon: Heroes Unleashed!

This pack contatins the original Ghost Recon game, both the Desert Siege and Island Thunder expansion packs, and the Heroes Unleashed mod.

Heroes Unleashed is a mod (as in modification) for the squad-based military tactical shooter game "Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon", which was published for PC by Red Storm Entertainment and Ubisoft in 2001, and for Macintosh by Aspyr Media in 2002. (For additional information on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon visit www.Ubisoft.com and www.Aspyr.com.)

This mod is a tribute to the Ghost Recon community. Its aspiration is to honor the makers and fans of this great game, and to be a token of appreciation for all the people who contributed to the Ghost Recon universe over the years.

Ghost Recon: Heroes Unleashed is the redux of popular content that has been introduced to the game by various other mods in the past, and it strives to incorporate those elements of Ghost Recon's history into a timeless collection, meticulously complemented by novel features.

The mod makes more than 100 maps and missions available in single and multiplayer mode and offers over 200 different weapons to choose from. All additions have been carefully integrated and balanced to provide a homogeneous level of professional audio-visual and technical finish.

Heroes Unleashed is aiming to improve and expand many aspects of the original game to increase its already highly addictive replayability, while remaining true to Ghost Recon's unique character and concept.

It also tries to intensify the realistic feel and immersive qualities of the game, making it more challenging and emphasizing the atypical Ghost Recon game style: Tactical team play rather than the "solo, run and shoot, wanna-live-forever" style found in many other FPS games.

If you are looking for killing sprees and fragfests, move right along, there is nothing to see here. Just as the original, Heroes Unleashed is predominantly about tactics and teamwork, and a good strategy will serve you much better than quick reflexes and an itchy trigger finger.

With the combination of all of its features, Heroes Unleashed seeks to create the optimum Ghost Recon experience for both single player games as well as multiplayer battles, whether Co-Op, Solo or Team based ones. The mod wants to accommodate a full spectrum of players from the casual gamer, over regular clan and guild players, up to league professionals.