Aurora 3D Animation Maker v11.08081844 Portable

When we do title,banner designer or video editing, it will think the text needs a cool animation to highlight the description of our content. Or do we need to show a logo in the video, then, a simple-to-use 3D animation software is your best assistant. KeyFrame Animation, Software key frame animation mode. Simple and flexible. Does not require complex design, anyone person can make a good 3D animation.

Animation Effects, Contains all of effects in Marker3D software, there are a variety of dynamic background, is to produce 3D animation and banner the best choice.

Animation Export, Can make logo animation, advertising, product promotion, etc. And you can export Flash, Video and image sequence for web or other design software.

Web design is more than just picking the right graphics and layout. In order to truly make an impact in this crowded landscape of cookie-cutter websites, you need eye-popping visuals that capture and hold your audience's attention!

Aurora 3D Animation Maker lets you create beautiful 3D animations that will take your text or logos to a whole new level of awesomeness! Using just a single timeline, you'll be able to control all aspects of your animation, including the length of the animation, the speed of playback, and more!

Aurora 3D Animation Maker gives you a ton of special animation effects to further liven up your creations. Imagine applying particle effects to simulate fireworks, smoke, snow, flame, or the emptiness of space! Or go crazy with effects like Linear, Quad, Cubic, and Quint!

When you are absolutely pleased with your final result, Aurora 3D Animation Maker makes it easy to incorporate your animation into your website, giving you options to export as Video, Flash(*SWF), animated GIF, or as a sequence of images!

1. Key Frame Animation
Way of key frame animation software, simple and flexible. Does not require complex animation, everyone can create a cool title animation. Use one timeline to produce all the animation.
A key frame contains all the objects in the scene animation attributes. Key frame is automatically set, just need to find the location of the timeline, and then all the objects can be freely adjusted to the desired state, key frame automatically generated, easy to create animation.
Flexible to use, simply by adjusting the length of the animation, adjust the animation speed.

2. Animation Special Effects
Contains all the features of Text & Logo Maker, and all text, shapes, buttons, logos can be animated. Freedom and flexibility.
Software provides a variety of animation effects, greatly enriched the beauty of animation degree.
Variety of particle effects: include: fireworks, smoke, snow, flame, space and so on.
Movement of various animation effects include: Linear, Quad, Cubic, Quint and so on.

3. The Animation Export and Share
We can output video formats, including animation (avi, flv, mpg), Flash (swf), Gif animation, or image sequences (png, tga, bmp).
In this way, we either used in video editing, web production can greatly enhance our efficiency, improve our results.
Fully compatible with other design software, allowing you to perfectly integrate into your Among the work to bring you the production of efficient and beautiful experience.

Home Page - http://www.presentation-3d.com/products/animation-3d.html


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------



*** When using TPB please read these important notes: 
-----------------------------------------------------

01. AV software may warn about keygens, patches, cracks etc because of their 
    capabilities and signatures (generating codes, etc). Sometimes also they're 
    added to the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If not 
    trusting keygens, patches, cracks etc don't use them.

02. To avoid AV software removing/blocking clean cracks etc: exclude the crack 
    or folder from being auto-protected & auto-scanned by the AV software.

03. If AV software removed a clean crack usually it can be restored 
    (if it's not in Quarantine then look at History or something similar).

04. To avoid risks when using cracks also Sandboxie can be used to test them:
    http://www.sandboxie.com/
    http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6487418

05. Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks etc always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some thirth party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it, and uploaded it again.

06. Letting AV software software sending scan results to their companies 
    can cause keygens, patches, cracks etc being added to their virus-database.

07. Firewalls which are set to automatically decide for connections will allow 
    connections for lots of apps & MALWARE!. To avoid so firewalls should be set 
    to decide yourself which connection to allow or not.

08. Clicking on unknown links can coz malware being silently installed on a pc!

09. Usually (new) torrents with extreme many downloads & seeders in a short time 
    are very suspicious! Torrents with a SKULL-logo are trusted.

10. Some (frustrated) people use multiple accounts and post lots of FAKE comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. Usually they NEVER seriously reply 
    on comments and don't have any torrent, or to look reliable just a few.

11. In general often there are more fake & negative comments than reliable & 
    positive comments.

12. In some countries uploading/downloading copyright-protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable uploaders is not.

13. Posting FAKE comments & uploads on TPB can result in getting banned from TPB!

14. Comments are welcome, unlike ranting, trolling, whining, etc.

15. No Promises ... No Debts!


For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:                                       
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For requests:                                      
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=31

For visiting my 1100+ torrents:                                       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


To the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users",

Nowadays a lot of TPB members abuse their TPB membership by intentionally 
posting fake comments & files. Their meaning is just trying to spread 
confusion and to frustrate TPB and it's users. 
Less downloaders = less seeders = less download speed etc = not good! 

It's in the benefit of TPB and all reliable users to warn each other about people 
who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files. It's an easy answer against 
those who intentionally keep posting fake comments & files, which is a never 
ending issue. 

When reporting errors or false positives just keep in mind that what goes up for 
one does not always goes up for another. That's for both the working of an app 
and about false positives! Remember: whatever is said, say it constructive! 
Let's just try to help each other and TPB by thinking about what's said & posted. 
Things are all up to you, the "United Reliable The Pirate Bay Users"!


Enjoy The Pirate Bay		

