No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnassasary regestry changes,
This makes a portable version a better version.

RAR Password Unlocker is proved to be a helpful tool when you forgot WinRAR/RAR password and cannot open the RAR archives. It can remove RAR password at high speed via 3 attack options: Brute-force, Brute-force with user-defined Mask and Dictionary. By using advanced search algorithm, multiple-core CPUs etc, this RAR password recovery tool enables you enjoy faster recovery speed than other similar programs. 

Powerful Recovery Ability Recover forgotten passwords from RAR archives encrypted by WinRAR 4.01 and its previous versions, no matter whether you encrypted file names or not. High Password Recovery Speed 
Recover forgotten RAR password at high speed, regardless of your encrypted RAR archive size.
 
Support multi-core CPUs and SSE to accelerate password recovery process significantly. In the case of multi-core CPU, the more CPU cores you have, the faster recovery speed you will enjoy. 

Program Priority is available to allocate more CPU power to RAR Password Unlocker and speed up the recovery speed efficiently.
 3 Efficient Recovery Options 
Brute-force Attack - Try all possible password combinations when you have no idea about it.
 
Brute-force Attack with Mask - Greatly reduce the recovery time by specifying the forgotten password length, character set, etc. (High Recommended)
 
Dictionary Attack – Recover lost RAR password by trying the password combinations in the built-in dictionary as a password. Self-created dictionary is also supported.
 Auto-save Recovery State Automatically save the recovery state every 15 minutes by default so that you can resume the RAR password recovery process after the former interruption or stop. And the auto-save time interval can be changed as you wish. Extremely Easy and Safe Operation With easy and intuitive interface, this enhanced RAR password recovery program allows you to easily and safely recover RAR password in 3 simple steps. No computer skills required and no any loss or damage to your RAR file. Moreover, it can automatically shut down your computer after recovery.