VaticanCity

S.E.5A - Legends of Flight


Further product information
Included models

Hispano-Suiza twin-blade propeller (anti-clockwise rotation)
Hispano-Suiza four-blade propeller (anti-clockwise rotation)
Hispano-Suiza four-blade propeller (anti-clockwise rotation) with short-stack exhausts
Wolseley Viper twin-blade propeller (clockwise rotation)
Wolseley Viper four-blade propeller (clockwise rotation)

Nine included aircraft

F - an 84 Squadron machine flown by Lt. T.V. Lord, October 1917
K - a 40 Squadron S.E.5a flown by Capt. G.H. Lewis , April-May 1918
D351 - a machine of the 6th Training Squadron, Australian Flying Corps, October 1918
Niada Gana - a ‘Hisso’-powered machine belonging to a UK training unit of 1917
Wanganui - a four-blade ‘Hisso’ which was a presentation aircraft from New Zealand
S - powered by a Wolseley Viper with twin-blade propeller, and flown by 92 Squadron
Y - a 24 Squadron aircraft powered by a Viper engine
G - Hispano-Suiza geared engine, with four-blade propeller, flown by Major J. McCudden VC
19 - American pursuit squadron machine  from “C” flight, 25th Aero Squadron and flown by Lt. Joseph E. Boudwin


Exterior models

The highly detailed models include modelled rivets and stitching on the fuselage.
A unique mapping technique provides a 'canvas' texture to the exterior finish and carefully researched colours have been applied in such a way as to replicate the unusual 'colour change' effect of the paint used on the S.E.5A.
Each model has a fully animated pilot, opening gun-hatch and a Lewis gun which swings down on its Foster mount.
All rigging is accurately modelled, including the RAF aerodynamic rigging wire and round flying wires, bottle screws and fittings.
Inspection windows in the wings and tail reveal the pulley gear for the control wires to ailerons and elevator.
Radiator shutters on the Viper variant operate from the cockpit and detail includes bungee cord 'suspension', correct Palmer AeroCord tyres and even tyre valves in the wheel covers.
Highly detailed Vickers and Lewis machine guns are included, as well as engine detail such as radiator and fuel caps and priming cups.
Virtual Cockpits

'Baked' textures for a worn, period look.
Accurate renditions of all the period instruments and fittings, including the fuel hand pump, fuel tank selector, magneto switches and a 'working' magneto with crank handle for starting.
Includes a spare magazine for the Lewis gun (visual only) and working trim wheel for 'elevator' trim.
Features all internal rigging wires and flying wires, and the correctly modelled flying control wires and fittings.
Animations

Fully animated pilot
Opening gun-hatch
Lewis gun which swings down on its Foster mount
Radiator shutters on the Viper variant
Propeller
Rudder
Elevators
Ailerons
Wheels

Special effects

Engine start smoke effect
Gun firing effects and sounds

Textures

We have attempted to replicate the look and feel of a Great War fighting machine. Much debate over actual colours exists, but a mix between dark green and chocolate results in a fascinating 'colour change' effect, depending on lighting. We believe that, from researched data and period pictures, that this is how the S.E.5A would have appeared over the front lines of war-torn France.


Paintkit

A paintkit is supplied with all weathering and detail included on the layers. (It is assumed that you have a working knowledge of Photoshop techniques and re-painting Flight Simulator models.)


Flight dynamics

Highly tuned S.E.5A flight dynamics
Sounds

A high quality sound set brings the S.E.5A to life and effects include start-up, idle and RPM reduction when inverted.
Manual

A comprehensive colour PDF manual is included.