Timothy Leary - Collected Works [study pack]

Life on the Planet Earth, through the instrumentality of the human nervous system, has begun to migrate from the Womb Planet, to escape from gene pools, to establish colonies in high orbit, from whence it can more accessibly contact and communicate with Life in the Galaxy. Rocket-ships have attained the escape velocity necessary to ascend beyond the gravitational pull of the womb-planet. Radio-telescope "dishes" now look out to the stars, ready to receive electro-magnetic messages from intelligent neighbors. Electronic signals are now transmitting through interstellar space the message of human readiness to ex-change and com-unicate. The suspicion grows that we, who are about to leave this small satellite of a peripheral star, are neither alone nor isolated. Within the life-time of many who read these lines, it could happen: our pioneer families will leave the solar system; interstellar messages will be received; contact will be made. The galactic discussion will begin. It is about time to prepare for life in space as members of new, consciously selected gene pools. It is about time to develop a philosophy, a psychology, the language to enable us to listen, understand, and respond intelligently to our interstellar neighbors. The language is quantum, digital, psycho-geometric. Some among us will protest that human intelligence and human resources should be used to solve the agonizing terrestrial problems of unequal distribution. These larval protests, however sincere, are embryonic, understandable and myopic. The crisis of suffering and scarcity which now threatens humanity is not material. It is neuro-political warfare. It has been called spiritual, psychological, philosophic. It is best described as navigational. Humanity has not yet deciphered the genetic code. The compass, the guide-book is now being prepared.

Books

Comics

Correspondance - 362 pages

Papers

Pictures

Bibliography

Interviews

and more

comment: Some books and papers are present in several editions. To my knowledge this must be the best and most extensive collection of Leary's writings on the net. There are also a few German - Deutsch texts to be found here.

tags: Leary, book, comics, psychedelic, alternative, culture, mind, psychology, philosophy, entheogen, altered state, transformation, illumination, enlightenment, drug, LSD, meditation, psychotherapy, psychoanalysis, chakras, yoga, intelligence, space, GOD, ufo, alien