Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:   
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:   
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:   
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos (split into several files) and five photosets.

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6oygvtkdkexfobp5jek0g729yyci  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?yj11muck2c6a2xfq6buq8ttq19    face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kxchwvgxv3r7msjs3kohatt4jxc   breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8toszqebczer1l62j206pyjhb1m1  full body 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?a3xxlckbsg3pfyv61qkcsgeadumz  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qxk0uwqqr7nl9dsv6an8vbp64h9n  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kpphyqumqh98n7uhzqqvkqj3m3wm  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6qgqf67dv1zki7s5dlmbab6v1pyn  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?c8b2s5x4a0ug384jnt0klhbldh2q  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?4kltl7f4pg4jkxtghdl8cfn4ywn7  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments:  Hey guys, I'm very excited to be here. Its turned out to be a very fun weekend. I used to live in Phoenix, Mesa actually. I miss this place and I'm not really a fan of Dallas. But I work and go to school there. So it was nice to see some of my friends again, and one of them is a guy I've known for 7 years. When he met he was very interested in me (like when I was 17, he was 19) but I was never into him. He came to accept that fact, at least until I got really close with another guy who I almost got engaged to. Then he went a little nuts and confessed his love to me. Well, that was a long time ago, and we're still friends and I think he's gotten over it. I'm not sure what 'my type' really is, but you know, it comes naturally. Its never forced. Right now I'm not seeing anyone so I've been masturbating a lot more. I'm not the kind of girl that will have one night stands and random sex so I haven't been getting it much! I just use my fingers and I can come one or two times a day. Just once at night before bedtime helps me go to sleep. I don't like using vibrators and I hear that it desensitizes you to sex and even normal masturbating. I'm afraid of that so I won't buy one. So you might wonder how I've come to shoot for ftvgirls. Well I've been following the site for a long time and I like looking at pretty girls in sexy clothes getting naked. I haven't had a lesbo experience yet but I'm willing to try. I just need that push, like a shoot or something. I find a womans body a lot more erotic than a mans even though I'd rather have sex with a man.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Anna sent me an email, quite enthusiastic, and with very cute photos of herself: #1 #2 #3 #4 #5. No doubt a very hot girl, with a very sexy natural figure. Living in Dallas, she has friends in Phoenix, so we made it a weekend trip. She went and stayed at her friends' place, and visited me on Saturday. We planned on two days of shooting, this video page is all about the first day, and her total first time experience. She's done soft nudes before, but never masturbated on video, and gone this explicit. She came really prepared, as you can see in the outtake video clip 6, and she was comfortable getting naked right away. The application photos made me think of her in a bikini, so we started that way, voyeur style, as she strips and teases herself. Man, what a nice butt. She's a natural masturbator, not needing vibrators to orgasm, and gets off pretty easy with just her fingers. You can see she was a bit nervous for her first time, but she has a visibly strong orgasm, with vaginal contractions, and she gets very wet. The way she carries herself cries out dress/heels, so I let her pick what she wanted to wear first. She has a very very sexy look to her, and no doubt looks hot prancing around in the dress/heels at the resort. Soon enough she is completely naked, and its very nice to see that she has absolutely no tattoos! That sexy butt is seen as she walks, and her full, firm breasts get a nice hard massage. Then she masturbates again, gets real close several times (semi-contractions), but can't finish (the heat, public location, etc...). So when we go back home, she cools down, and tries again, ending up with an even stronger orgasm than the first, with some really strong vaginal contractions. She gets really wet inside, and shows off her juices. Then we went for a lunch, it was too busy to flash there, so we did it around the mall. She's definitely nervous about public nudity, but that is what makes it more fun on camera. She was then taking off to the lake with her friends to do some wakeboarding, so I gave her the small camera to take some candid video of her at the lake.


Model Comments:  You know I was looking at my video from yesterday and its very different to watch myself masturbate!  I always have my eyes closed so its not like I see how I look when I do it.  Its almost queer to see the way my eyes move and mouth twitch and all the strange facial expressions I have when I masturbate.  I'm sure its the same for other girls too, I haven't looked at other models masturbating on the site.  I would call myself bi-curious, that is I haven't had sex with another girl not even kissed one but I've always thought about it.  I would do it if the situation was right and I found the girl attractive.  Since I'm shorter I don't want a girl thats too tall.    I was asked to speak Italian on camera but somehow it was harder to do than to masturbate!  I'm full-blooded Italian, from Palermo, Italy.  I moved to the US when I was around 10 years old and my mom converted to Mormonism.  I can't say I'm religious one bit after seeing the hypocrisy in the church.  My parents hardcore when it comes to the religion and they're even on a mission right now.  I'm an adult, so I didn't need their approval on doing this shoot.  Sooo, I was apprehensive about using all the toys that seems to be a requirement to shoot for the site!  I knew on the second day the time would come.  I didn't like the flesh colored penis toy very much and it was awkward to use.  I did like the pink one because it was softer and sort of felt like a normal penis.  I didn't need its vibrating part to have it feel good.  Would I buy one and use one?  Probably not.  On the other hand that little vibrating thing and the big vibrating thing were both really awesome and I'd say it does give me a bigger orgasm than using my fingers.  Would I get on of those?  The small one maybe just to keep with me when I'm traveling or something, maybe to get there faster if I'm in a rush.  Its quiet so it wouldn't draw attention.  That's all for now, ciao!
Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Annalisa returns the next day, fresh for another days' shooting.  The lighting was rather nice and natural in the 'pink room', so I wanted to take advantage of this time and shoot her there.  Her figure is amazing, of course, making her so desirable lying in the bed like that.  Like she mentions, she has rather flawless skin with an even tan, blessed with that perfect butt we get to see more of.   An excuse to wear more lingerie, she shows it off in front of the mirror before masturbating.  Once again, she has a nice, natural orgasm, and in this lighting very clear shots of her orgasmic contractions.  Notice how her toes curl near orgasm as well.  My favorite dress from what she brought with her is the white one, and she carries herself so sexy when she does the 'walk'.  We had to travel a distance to get to the 'fancy mall', but it was worth the location shooting.  She gets rather nervous flashing, then going completely naked, but I was confident we could get away with it.  A lot of people walking and driving by, however we went to a more remote area of the mall, where the security wouldn't (hopefully) find us.  That figure needs to be seen in the nude!  Then its time for her to try her first 'penetration' video.  Though that toy isn't as big as the Big Ten, its still very large for her.  Notice how the head jams inside... The ride is hot however and we get some closeups of the penetration... notice the milky juice buildup.  There's another lunch break interview, but she became too timid to flash there, so its an outtake.  Then another first for her, the use of a vibrator.  It brings her to a very strong orgasm quickly, and juices her up again.  I use this time to get extreme closeups of her clit, labia, and some mini-gaping.  She brings out more of her black lingerie, this time a corset & heels, and it turns into a kinky panty stuffing session where she uses her heel to pull it out.  Notice the juice buildup on her panties (thanks to the masturbation earlier).  More penetration, this time with the long pink, which ends up stimulating her more than I thought.  Unlike the dildo used earlier, she really enjoyed this toy, so I avoided interrupting her.  Then it was time for a final video, why not have her try the strongest of all toys, the Vibraking?  I gave it a 50/50 chance of working on her, and in this case it worked -- it brought her to orgasm before she even realized what was happening to her.  This update is a rather long, adventurous one, and its definitely one for those of you who like natural masturbation scenes with visible vaginal orgasms.

oAkJcaaDE