Basia Bulat is a Canadian folk singer-songwriter. She is known for performing with an autoharp. Basia Bulat grew up in Etobicoke, Ontario where her mother was a music teacher who taught piano and guitar. She has said the radio at home was permanently tuned to an oldies station. She attended the University of Western Ontario where she received a degree in English; she also took some classes with Olenka Krakus of the band Olenka and the Autumn Lovers. While a student there, she was coaxed by friends into opening for Julie Doiron and soon gained a local following.
She released an independent EP in 2005 and was subsequently signed to Rough Trade Records, which released her full-length debut album, Oh, My Darling in April 2007. The album was later released in Canada by Hayden's Hardwood Records.
Her singles Snakes and Ladders, Little One and I Was a Daughter have been playlisted on CBC Radio 3 while various tracks have received airplay on college radio in Canada and the United States. Her album Oh, My Darling made the short list for the 2008 Polaris Music Prize. Bulat has toured across Canada, the U.S., Europe; in June 2008, she ventured to Australia. She played the 2008 Dawson City Music Festival in the Yukon. Bulat cited the week she spent in the quiet and remote location as an inspiration for her songwriting.
Heart of My Own is the second full-length album by Canadian singer-songwriter Basia Bulat, released on January 26, 2010, on Secret City Records. The tracks Gold Rush and Run were released as singles to promote the album.   (wikipedia)

Heart Of My Own, was born after over a year of touring that took Bulat across Europe, Australia, Canada and the United States several times over. When it came time to move ahead with the new album Basia said goodbye to the road, took the newly penned songs up in her arms and found a home for them on tape. Recorded with Howard Bilerman (who was at control panel for Oh, My Darlin as well) at the mighty Hotel2Tango studio in Montreal, Quebec, nearly all the songs on Heart of My Own were written while on the road: traveling between cities, crossing the Canadian prairies, searching for a place to stop in the Nevada desert, trailing through the Smoky Mountains, standing in the bright dusk of a summer night in the Yukon. Perhaps most surprising was the strong influence her short time in theYukon had on this album. Basia spent five days and nights in Dawson City, where for the first time she experienced true silence. I felt my mind was overwhelmed with ideas. It had been a long-time dream of mine to make it to the Yukon, so to finally accomplish that, and for it to be possible because of my music, was also a very overwhelming thing.
The instrumentation on Heart of My Own is a lot more varied than Oh, My Darling, notes Basia. I think it is at times extremely sparse and, well, spacious, with big choirs singing, and then it gets really dense with really spirited and rolling drums, and I think I even managed to pull off a Johnny Cash–inspired country song. She plays autoharp, guitar, piano, organ, pianoette, banjo, ukulele, bass and of course, sings. Her brother and many dear friends, old and new, play everything else. The strings chase after each other as though coming down a mountain. The autoharp's versatility is explored, fitting just as well in a soul song as a folk song, its sound by turns charming and warm, then icy cold and precise. The horns mean business, but still have a sense of humour! But most important to Basia is the spirit that has been captured here. There is a determination in these songs. They are at times about a broken heart, a careless heart, a faithful heart, and a hopeful heart, but above all, a wandering heart.
(This biography was provided by the artist or their representative.)


 1. Go On
 2. Run
 3. Sugar And Spice
 4. Gold Rush
 5. Heart Of My Own
 6. Sparrow
 7. If Only You
 8. I'm Forgetting Everyone
 9. The Shore
10. Once More, For The Dollhouse
11. Walk You Down
12. If It Rains
