 http://i1177.photobucket.com/albums/x354/mangrewal1/MANTESH-8.jpg




Monday Morning Choices: 12 Powerful Ways to Go from Everyday to Extraordinary



Collins Business 
David Cottrell
English
2008 
ISBN: 0061451916 
208 pages 
PDF 
545 KB 



Leadership consultant Cottrell's latest packs a positive punch in surprisingly few pages. Though Cottrell (Monday Morning Mentoring), president and CEO of CornerStone Leadership Institute, focuses on states of mind that most people should logically be aiming to attain, each chapter feels like a life lesson learned anew. On reading that one should not remain in a victim mindset, it becomes clear how easy it is to descend into that why me? state of mind and readers are motivated to start thinking differently. This first choice sets the stage for a string of positive choices that Cottrell divides into character choices, action choices and investment choices, which include commitment to your goals and taking action instead of saying someday. Presented in short sections with lots of bullet points, Cottrell's advice sometimes reads like a gallery of motivational posters (choose commitment! don't beat yourself up for falling short!), sensible if not original. According to Cottrell, the way one experiences life can easily be controlled by mind power alone. Hopefully, the reader won't be inclined to put off following his advice. (Jan.) 
Review 
"In an easy, readable style David Cottrell identifies the essentials for quality leadership and management. Don’t miss Monday Morning Mentoring!" -- Ken Blanchard, Co-Author The One Minute Manager® and The Secret 

A tremendous book for every student of success. The few hours spent reading it will reward you the rest of your life. -- Charles "Tremendous" Jones, Author of Life is Tremendous 

All David wants you to do is make a choice. Once a week. It only takes a few minutes. The first choice you can make is in reading this book. I hope you do. -- Seth Godin, Author, The Dip 

David Cottrell has reminded us that choices determine destiny. The wind and the rain or storms of life do not determine our destiny. Neither do other people and their opinions determine our future. What does affect our lives is our power to choose. Choose to read this fine work. -- James H. Amos Jr., Chairman Emeritus, Mail Boxes Etc./ UPS Store, Chairman and CEO, Tasti D' Lite 

David's grasp of what it takes for career development and success continues to amaze me. His advice is right on target. -- Audrey Boone Tillman, Senior Vice President, Director of Human Resources, Aflac Incorporated 

Monday Morning Choices illustrates the importance of taking control of your life. I found the book extremely useful in presenting the ease for making conscious decisions that lead to success. -- Dan Weinfurter, CEO, Capital H Group 

Monday Morning Choices is a terrific handbook for improving your game as a leader. The book teaches 12 building blocks for becoming a more effective leader, ranging from "the no victim choice" to the "commitment choice." The advice and stories are simple and profound. -- Noel M. Tichy, coauthor of Judgment: How Winning Leaders Make Great Calls with Warren Bennis, Penguin Group, 2007 and professor at the University of Michigan 

Monday Morning Choices will certainly help those of us who struggle with the daily grind to create exceptional outcomes! I particularly enjoyed the inspiring stories. -- Vince Poscente, Author of The Age of Speed, Learning to Thrive in a More-Faster-Now World 

This is a terrific book, full of wisdom and insights that will enable you to accomplish great things in the future. -- Brian Tracy, Author of TurboCoaching 

This is one of a few books that I'd recommend using a pen to read because it's worth going back to time and again. It is my belief that one of the biggest challenges companies face today is preparing people to be good leaders. David has become a national resource whose work is filled with simple, but important leadership lessons. Monday Morning Choices is a great reference for anybody who is committed to taking their game to the next level. And it reminds us that no matter what the situation, we're all in a position to lead and have a positive impact on others. I particularly appreciate David's emphasis on relationships and trust, as no measure of success can be achieved without either. -- Kevin Sabin, President and Chief Operating Officer, Arvest Bank Group



