 http://www.wowebook.pro/book/soa-governance-governing-shared-services-on-premise-and-in-the-cloud/

Book Description
The Definitive Guide to Governing Shared Services and SOA Projects
SOA Governance: Governing Shared Services On-Premise and in the Cloud is the result of a multi-year project to collect proven industry practices for establishing IT governance controls specific to the adoption of SOA and service-orientation. Authored by world-renowned experts in the fields of SOA, IT governance, and cloud computing, this comprehensive book provides clear direction as to what does and does not constitute SOA governance and then steps the reader through the most important industry governance practices, as they pertain to individual SOA project lifecycle stages.

With a consistent, vendor-neutral focus, and with the help of case study examples, the authors demonstrate how to define and position precepts, organizational roles, processes, standards, and metrics. Readers benefit from thorough and visually depicted cross-references and mapping between roles, processes, precepts, and project stages, enabling them to fully explore dynamics and dependencies and thereby learn how to use these governance controls to create their own custom SOA governance systems.

This important title will be valuable to every practitioner concerned with making SOA work, including senior IT managers, project managers, architects, analysts, developers, administrators, QA professionals, security specialists, and cloud computing professionals.

Topic Areas

Defining SOA governance
Establishing an SOA governance office and program
Working with proven SOA governance precepts and processes
Identifying organizational roles and relating them to SOA governance
Associating design-time and runtime SOA project stages with SOA governance controls
Governance considerations specific to shared services
Roles, precepts, and factors specific to cloud-based services
Understanding and categorizing SOA governance products and technologies
Applying governance controls as early as the planning stages and measuring their success in subsequent stages
Using vitality triggers to govern shared services on an on-going basis
SOA governance controls that pertain to business information documents and policies
“This book provides an indispensable guide for establishing a firm SOA governance foundation. Easy to read, comprehensive, pragmatic…excellent job.”
–Nick Laqua, Enterprise SOA Architect, Cathay Pacific Airways

“SOA Governance is a must-read that provides an in-depth look at the organizational, managerial, procedural, and technical aspects that any SOA project needs to consider. If you’re investing in SOA, you’ll benefit greatly by having this excellent resource available to you as you contend with the many challenges of creating your own SOA governance.”
–David E. Michalowicz, Principal, Information Systems Engineer, The MITRE Corporation

“With this book Thomas Erl [and his team] do a great job in outlining a framework to implement an SOA governance program. For each stage of the project lifecycle, necessary governance precepts and processes are described concretely by referring to the service-orientation principles and SOA patterns. This makes it an indispensable source of information for any SOA practitioner or any professional who plans to start an SOA initiative.”
–Jean-Paul De Baets, Principal SOA Architect, Fedict (Belgian Federal Government Information and Communication Technology Service)

“This book on SOA governance provides both thoughtful and carefully crafted narrative and the supplementation of poignant real-world case studies that will help practitioners calibrate guidance to realities on the ground. This is a terrific book that will be heavily used–with tab stickers, dog-ears, highlighting, and column notes abounding to show for it–as practitioners strategize and subsequently iterate through organizational learnings on their journeys to SOA maturity.”
–David S. Rogers, Manager, IEEE Conferences Business and Technology Solutions Office

“Thomas Erl’s SOA Governance clarifies the principles behind this crucial capability for SOA adoption. Finally, a contribution that serves as a guide for project managers, architects, and any related role that has a common goal: the establishment, administration, and vision behind a service-enabled enterprise. Accenture sees this book as a milestone that will support the rationale behind selling and delivering SOA governance projects around the world.”
–Dr. Matthias Ziegler, Accenture; Dr. Jure Zakotnik, Accenture; Thomas M. Michelbach, Accenture

“Thomas Erl’s SOA Governance book fills in an important missing piece for any organization wanting to move to–and succeed with–an enterprise commitment to implement SOA and realize its overarching benefits. Of equal importance, however, is the fact that the basic concepts and frameworks that the book instantiates in the context of SOA can also be productively applied in other contexts that are not formally ‘SOA-esque,’ but where complexity is in need of formal governance.”
–Charles N. Mead, MD, MSc., Senior Technical Advisor to the Director, National Cancer Institute Center for Bioinformatics and Information Technology (NCI CBIIT) Chair, Architecture Board, Health Level 7 (HL7)

“SOA Governance is the best read on governance and software delivery processes since the publication of RUP; it is the book that defines the standard Service Delivery Processes for all project lifecycle models and defines the necessary conditions and roadmap to reach SOA in the IT organization.”
–Filippos Santas, IT Architect, Credit Suisse Private Banking, Switzerland, and Certified SOA Trainer

“Achieving your service-oriented goals requires controlled growth and change, which are best accomplished through rigorous governance. The authors of this work drive to the heart of governance and show you how to manage your portfolio of services.”
–Kevin P. Davis, Ph.D., Software Architect

Book Details
Hardcover: 704 pages
Publisher: Prentice Hall (April 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0138156751
ISBN-13: 978-0138156756