Music Creator 5

Make your creative dreams a reality and achieve polished, professional recordings from your home computer with Music Creator 5—no previous recording experience required! Music Creator 5 guides you through initial set-up, making it easy for you to plug in your instrument or microphone and immediately start recording. Get professional sounding results using Music Creator’s powerful tools, instruments, and effects. Creating music on your PC has never been this easy, fun, or affordable—all from Cakewalk, makers of the #1 selling music software in the world.


Record Your Music Today

Even if you have no recording experience, you’ll be able to get up and running quickly. Concentrate on your music without worrying about confusing audio software. Best of all, you get the peace of mind knowing that Music Creator was developed by Cakewalk, a leading audio manufacturer solely dedicated to creating music software for anyone with a musical dream. Created by musicians, for musicians.
Get Started Quickly

Just launch Music Creator and start creating music in minutes. With Music Creator’s easy-to-use interface, handy assistant tools, and track templates, you’ll be on your way to recording your songs in no time. Learn more from informative videos and great tutorials that are available online. 


Create backing tracks using loops

Music Creator 5 includes a new and improved loop explorer which allows you preview and add audio loops and MIDI patterns to your songs by simple drag-n-drop. These loops are very easy to use and are tempo-synched so they are always in-time and in key, every time. Music Creator includes new loops and MIDI patterns from leading content providers.


Connect Your Instruments Easily

No matter what you want to record—guitars, keyboards, vocals, CD samples, or any other sound source—Music Creator makes it easy to install and start recording.

Just plug your guitar, keyboard, microphone or any other instrument to your computer’s sound card and start recording up to 24-bit audio quality. You can even record MIDI performances in perfect time.

Additionally, you can enhance your Music Creator experience with higher quality USB audio or MIDI interfaces including the Cakewalk UA-1G and UM-1G (sold separately). 


Play & Record with Virtual Instruments

Even if you don't have a band, you can realize your musical vision using virtual instruments. Music Creator includes the new Cakewalk Sound Center, which gives you access to 150 different instrument sounds. It includes acoustic & electric guitars, basses, drums, pianos, synths, strings, ethnic sounds, and more. 

Don't have a drummer? No problem. Just use Studio Instruments Drums to create realistic drum parts for your songs. You can choose from the included drum patterns that come with Studio Instrument Drums or create your own unique drum parts using a MIDI controller or even a mouse. And you get amazing visual feedback as the drums pulse and cymbals crash in time with the music

You also get the Roland TTS-1 synth which is like having a genuine Roland sound module built right into your PC.  The TTS-1 includes everything from synthesizers to orchestral instruments and just about everything in between. To further enhance your productions, you get the Triangle II synthesizer, capable of a broad range of raw, analog-style sounds, from warm to aggressive—perfect for leads and bass.

Add more sounds

Take the next step and expand your sounds with the entire collection of Cakewalk Studio Instruments (Drums are included in Music Creator 5, other instruments sold separately). When paired with Music Creator, the sky is the limit with authentic bass guitar, piano and string sounds. Additionally, you can expand to your heart’s content with any VST, DirectX or ReWire plug-in.


Edit and Mix Like a Pro

Music Creator also includes numerous views including Arrange, Piano Roll, Drum Editor, traditional Staff Notation, Synth Rack, and Loop Construction. Make pinpoint edits to your project with a click of your mouse. Cut out mistakes or assemble a perfect track from multiple recordings. Make new arrangements or remixes by dragging and dropping.

Mix with a simple, yet powerful onscreen mixer. Move faders up and down to adjust volume, pan tracks left and right, and add studio-quality effects like Reverb, Delay, and EQ to achieve the perfect mix. Connect a MIDI keyboard to your computer to control your mix with real knobs and sliders through Active Controller Technology. 


Studio-quality Effects

New to Music Creator 5 is IK Multimedia™ Amplitube® X-GEAR. Just plug in your guitar or bass and get instant access to superbly modeled amps, effects, mic models, cabinets, and even a tuner. Create and save your own custom tones as presets. Add even more sounds through downloadable expansion packs. 

Music Creator includes 10 studio-quality effects that can be used on any track or bus (group of tracks) simultaneously. Add up to 24 effects per project and easily turn on/off the effects for quick A/B comparisons.

The suite of effects that ships with Music Creator includes EQ, Chorus, Delay, Flanger, Phaser, Compressor, Gate, Reverb, and more. Music Creator's effects include useful pre-configured presets for commonly used sounds. Use these effects on input to hear them as you record or add them later on in the mixing process. 


Publish and Promote Your Music

Create playlists and burn them to CD for fans, family, and friends. Create online music players with playlists that can then be uploaded to band websites, MySpace™ pages, and other Internet sites. 

Print your music

Reading music is optional with the easy-to-use Piano Roll view. Just point and click to visually compose, edit, and arrange your music. Music Creator is perfect for students or anyone looking to record, transcribe, or print sheet music. The Staff View can be used to create guitar chords and tablature. 

Add music and sound effects to home movies

Add sound effects and theme music to your home movies and other digital video files – in formats including QuickTime, Windows Media, and MPEG – before you upload to YouTube, MySpace or Facebook.  Music Creator provides a convenient filmstrip view right alongside your music tracks, so you can line up your music and sound effects with your video.



Technical Specifications

    * Up to 160 total tracks (32 audio and 128 MIDI)
    * Professional 24-bit audio quality
    * Create backing tracks fast using the Loop Explorer
    * Play and record using hundreds of high-quality instrument sounds from the included Cakewalk Sound Center and the Roland® TTS-1
    * Add drum beats to your songs with Studio Instruments Drums
    * Get a studio-quality sound with 10 effects including IK Multimedia™ Amplitube® X-GEAR amp simulator, EQ, Delay, Compressor, Reverb, and more
    * Add more instruments and effects with support for DirectX, VST, and ReWire
    * Print lead sheets and notation; publish music to the internet; and burn CDs for fans, family, and friends




System Requirements
	
Minimum

Intel® Pentium® 4 2.0 GHz or AMD Athlon™ XP 2800+ or higher
1GB RAM
500 MB+ for core program 
Video resolution 1024 X 768, 16-bit color



install
--------

 burn or mount

  install

   open the cd and go to folder addicton

    open the keygen and genarate serial and not close yet

     wend the music creator starts a window pops up now copy the activation code on the keygen and paste to window and hit on complete

AMPLITUBE                
  open Keygen in addicton folder Genarate  Serial
   SELECT "REQUEST NEW AUTHORIZATION CODE
    SELECT "CONNECT USING ANOTHER COMPUTER
      INPUT YOUR DIGITAL ID IN THE KEYGEN 
       ACTIVATE WITH THE GENERATED AUTH CODE   
       
        DONE!!! Let's go make some MUSIC!!!!


           enjoY!!!




                              