If you had planned on going to a showing of the movie, I still highly suggest you go out to meet and network with the people in your area so you can start forming connections with other like minded people.

We all need to come together if we are going to bring about the changes we all want to see in the world.

Though the answers or plans to bring about a change in society that would allow us to implement the ideas they present in the movie (ie. a resource based economy), are not present, this movie is still very good.

And a resource based economy truly is a wonderful idea they just leave out the part that says how we get to that point from where we are now. The zeitgeist movement is aimed at education and awareness right now. And education and awareness is VERY IMPORTANT!

There ARE those of us who are already brought up to speed and want to start working to make change happen....

And that is where our project comes in.

We are working on a project that can bring us together in a single platform that we can use to connect all of us in an environment, structured to facilitate resolutions to the goals and objectives presented by the members of the community...and that means you.

We can use an interface like this to find solutions to the problems we must fix first. Because we can not even dream of trying to implement a revolutionary system like a resource based economy until we address the flaws that are inherently wrong with society. They designed them into the fabric of our society and we must now get them out.

Then we can lay ALL of our options out on the table at that time, including the resource based economy and WE as a whole will decide what the best method for empowering the human family and living in harmony with the earth will be.

Please take a minute to learn about the project we are currently working on, to bring a platform to life that will give us the ability to come together, in a single interface, structured to facilitate resolutions, to work in cooperation with one another, to bring about peaceful lasting changes to ALL of the problems we face.

The word government is derived from the two Latin words "guber mente" which mean "mind control".

We are calling this Project Libera Mentem which in Latin means "Free Mind".

You can find out more about what we are working on at http://knowledgetruthwisdom.org/liberamentem.php

One voice can make a difference........a million voices can change the world!

Everyone needs to hear the message Max Igan has to share with the world! Go to his website (www.TheCrowHouse.com) and watch his movies, read his book, and MOST IMPORTANTLY catch up on as many previous radio shows as you can. He does a great job of explaining how we can handle with living in these trying times.

We are ALL in this together! Do your best to educate the police as it is the peace officer's job to protect the people not enact violence and unjust laws on the public. Most of which are not even laws, they are merely statutes that only have power because we go along with them. We are sovereign individuals and therefore the only laws that apply to us are natural law or common law.

Do your own research...

Know your rights folks!

I think that's going to do it for today my friends. Now enjoy the movie, go out there and connect with your neighbors and check in on the status of our project or register your email address on the website and we will keep you updated. So once we are online you can join the rest of the human family in building our new world.

In lak'ech