Music : Indie : MP3/320Kbps



Thomas Hunter And White China Gold - White China Gold (2011)







Thomas Hunter may be the best guitar player in Seattle. He's the swirl-mustached phenomenon/fixture of Kay Kay and His Weathered Underground and Wild Orchid Children. His playing has weight and touch; he is at one with the world of the fret. Hunter has the quickness of a deadeye gunslinger and the mind of a wise-seasoned jazzman. His solos can spread free-form cobwebs across the psychedelic sky, or they can mechanically nail down the most scatterbrained scale a Miles Davis song can throw at him. His fingers go to notes as if each finger has a brain. Hunter is the kind of musician who makes it look easy. But his mastery comes from endless hours of repetition and practice. He recently completed recording for his own album, White China Gold. It's a conglomeration of Serge Gainsbourg, vaudeville calliope, and Slash riffing on a ramshackle Tom Waits voodoo doo-wop with Harry Connick Jr. singing. We knew Hunter could play, and we knew he had worlds of music in his head, but where did this singing voice come from? Hunter spoke before heading to L.A. for a show at the Troubadour with Wild Orchid Children.





'Who and what influences you?'

My influences are everything to me. That's how I learned to play music. When I decided I wanted to play jazz, I transcribed Miles Davis's Kind of Blue from front to back. Then I transcribed every Wes Montgomery tune I could find. Then every Django Reinhardt tune. Then learned every Bill Evans's voice-leading trick. Then followed around Joe Diorio like a puppy for two years while I soaked up everything about him down to his sense of humor. I'm not afraid to reference something that I love to every single part of my record. I think about music in terms of what I know. I'm a record fanatic. I spend all my money on records and so much of my time listening to and studying them. White China Gold shows that I was listening to an array of artists. You can hear a lot of nods of the head to Delfonics, Zappa, Queen, Lou Reed, Bowie, Humble Pie, Steely Dan, William Bell. Everything comes from something I've heard. It's all very deliberate. Nothing on the record is a mistake. I know a lot about sounds and groove and the history of music. I like musicians like Miles that have a vibe that they pull you into. The second Miles starts his band—whether it's Big Fun or Sketches of Spain, or Porgy and Bess for that matter—you're immediately immersed in his space.
 
http://www.thestranger.com/seattle/thomas-hunter-white-china-march/Content?oid=5006784 (Full interview)





Tracklist:

01. White China March
02. Window Mouth
03. A Vaguely Pregnant Piece of Nonsense
04. No Man is an Island
05. One-Footed Bastard
06. Scumbags and Crooks
07. Tinfoil Slip
08. Pink Troll
09. Strange Sad Magic





More info:

 
http://www.thestranger.com/seattle/thomas-hunter-white-china-march/Content?oid=5006784
 
http://lineout.thestranger.com/lineout/archives/2010/09/30/5020492-thomas-hunter-songwriter
 
http://thomashunterandwhitechinagold.bandcamp.com/album/white-china-gold





AS ALWAYS: ENJOY & REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!
