DOWNLOAD MORE EBOOKS, MAGAZINES, & PDFS:
  
http://buyabook.ws/download-ebooks-magazines-pdfs-more/

BOOK INFO:

Set in the Puritanical society of 17th-century Boston, this novel tells the story of Hester Prynne, a married woman who has an affair and gives birth to a daughter. Hester refuses to name her lover, but when her estranged husband appears unexpectedly, he determines to discover the man's identity.

Scandalous! Passion and sin shock the puritan world of Boston. Hester Prynne is condemned to wear the scarlet A as a visible symbol of her adultery. She refuses to reveal the name of her partner in sin. How long can the secret remain unknown and at what cost? What effect does Hester's life as an outcast have on her and on the community that shuns her? This complete study edition of Nathaniel Hawthorne's classic novel The Scarlet Letter includes information about Puritan life, questions, writing ideas, projects, and a map to help you as you explore this story of guilt and redemption. Also included is “The Custom-House,” Hawthorne's satiric introduction to The Scarlet Letter.

About the author: Nathaniel Hawthorne
Nathaniel Hawthorne's ancestors reached New England with the first of the Puritans. His interest in the Puritan period is reflected in many of his writings, including The Scarlet Letter. Unable, for many years, to make a living as a writer, Hawthorne worked as a surveyor at the Custom House in Salem and satirized his experiences there in “The Custom-House.” After difficulties in his early writing career, Hawthorne published many short stories and novels and is considered one of the greatest American writers.

The EMC Masterpiece Series Access Editions
A Novel Approach to Great Literature!

Related readings, as well as historical and background information, build cross-curricular connections
Friendly reading support ensures understanding and enjoyment
Thought-provoking questions and activities invite students to connect their lives to those of the characters
Access Edition novels, plays, and nonfiction works develop the same reading strategies found in the Literature and the Language Arts textbooks.

Guided Reading Questions guide students through the work by raising important issues in key passages.
Footnotes explain obscure references, unusual usages, and terms meant to enter students’ passive vocabularies.
Words for Everyday Use entries define and give pronunciations for difficult terms meant to enter students’ active vocabularies.