Winstep Xtreme 11.6

Winstep Xtreme - replacement for the standard Windows shell with many convenient features, which sometimes are lacking in a standard envelope. install the package you get at the disposal of several modules (NextSTART, WorkShelf, FontBrowser, NeXuS), each of which performs a specific task in the design of the shell and has its own unique set of funktsiyay.


For example NextSTART module completely replaces the Start menu, taskbar and system notification area (system tray), with not only replace, but will allow you to use a lot of settings that are not in the standard Windows Explorer Windows. WorkShelf module is a replacement desktop, FontBrowser - handy viewer font, NeXuS - multilevel Quick access to frequently used applications.

Features Winstep Xtreme:

"The complete change in appearance with themes
"Adding new panels, widgets and gadgets on the desktop
"Built-in utility for organizing and cleaning" Start "menu
"Support for Windows Vista and Windows 7
"Unlimited flexibility and expansion of space on your desktop
"Reduce clutter on your desktop
"Adding the Windows 7 taskbar in Windows XP or Vista
"Full support for multiple monitors
"Allows you to drag and drop icons in Explorer bar facilities Winstep
"Support for PNG, TIFF, and ICO files for icon panels
"The ability to use keyboard shortcuts
"Multilingual interface with support for Russian language

More information about the modules:

NeXuS - a system of attachment, which is perfect for super fast access to most used applications. You can have a huge number of panels, but they may be hiding other menus. When not in use, you can hide them behind the screen edges, so they do not take place in the display.

NextSTART - this is the menu system, which will take care of managing all your tasks. Menus are great for accessing frequently used files and system commands that are not available in the file system or are not recognized by the user with a graphical representation. You can create any kind on the menu and hot spots NextSTART you can open all the menus with super fast access with the mouse.

Part of the job management NextSTART allows you to efficiently organize and manage running processes and windows. Using nothing more than a simple drag and drop, you can rearrange the objects in your toolbox, so that all corresponding documents will be combined (which makes them easy to find) and where you need them, and not where they decided to install the Windows operating system .

Modules, widgets, gadgets, doclets, desklety and all the other words describe one thing - mini applications that usually operate on your desktop and provide a variety of information about your system, weather, etc.

Winstep Xtreme has the following modules: talking atomic clock, shopping cart, checking e-mail program, monitor the weather, the program display of CPU, network and memory meters and an impressive program of Wanda Wanda. New modules are added constantly.

Winstep Start Menu Organizer Pro-version - program to clean and more convenient organization of the Start menu. The more time passes since the installation of Windows, the more programs you install on your computer, and sooner or later there comes a time when to find the program in the Start menu, it becomes difficult. One possible way out of this situation - sort of programs on functional purpose. Unfortunately, Windows does not provide such an opportunity, but it can be done using the Winstep Start Menu Organizer.

Nexus Ultimate - Good tool for quick launch of applications, weather monitoring and system data. The panel is made in the style of Mac OS. Flexibility to configure, but it is not difficult to configure. There are different skins.

To accommodate the required application or a folder on the panel by dragging the corresponding icon with the mouse. Allows you to create multiple docking panels, each of which will provide access to a specific set of applications. The panels can be stacked, in this case, when the cursor is displayed corresponding submenu or an extra set of icons.

To date, Nexus Ultimate - this is one of the most powerful, attractive and multi-docks, has not only all of its functions, and includes widgets, and effects on mouse over, skins, support for drag-and-drop, as well as a reflection of labels, background blur , support the task list and more. Absolutely highly customizable, Nexus Ultimate lets you download hundreds of wallpapers from the Internet, as well as fully compatible with the background image of other docks.

Home Page - http://www.winstep.net/xtreme.asp

