[img]http://img827.imageshack.us/img827/2318/familyguyseason8.jpg[/img]


Plot:

De animatieserie over een gestoorde familie met een vader die het wel probeert maar er niet in slaagt om enige stuctuur en regelmaat in zijn eigen leven en dat van zijn familie te scheppen. Niets is te gek. Er gebeurt altijd van alles in de familie van vader Peter Griffin. Maar het is voornamelijk chaos en wanorde die heersen. De jongste van de drie kinderen in de familie, Stewie, is een duivels mannetje die een moordaanslag niet uit de weg gaat als ie zijn zin niet krijgt. De hond Brian mengt zich in de conversaties want hij kan praten, rookt sigaretjes en drinkt een martini op zijn tijd. En moeder is de enige stabiele factor in het gezin en daarom vaak het middelpunt van spot en grappen. Eigenlijk heeft Family Guy geen vaste verhaallijn behalve dat er altijd bizarre en enorm lachwekkende situaties zijn. Die doorgaans beginnen met een mooi plan van vader Peter wat bijna altijd desastreus uitpakt voor hem en zijn familie. Family Guy is inmiddels een klassieke comedy serie die elke keer weer verrast met bizarre wendingen en de meest originele grappen.


Seizoen 8:



Seizoen 8 Aflevering 1: Road to the Multiverse
Stewie and Brian explore a series of alternate universes.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 2: Family Goy
When Peter and Lois find out that Lois' mother was a Holocaust survivor, Peter decides that the Griffins will adopt the Jewish faith, until a vision of his dead father changes his mind.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 3: Spies Reminiscent of Us
With the help of Chevy Chase and Dan Aykroyd, Stewie and Brian discover that mayor Adam West is a Cold War sleeper agent. Meanwhile, Peter, Quagmire, and Joe start an improv comedy group.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 4: Brian's Got a Brand New Bag
When Brian snags an older woman, he's the laughingstock of the family, but things get really bad when she breaks her hip and Brian has to be her errand-boy.
	


Seizoen 8 Aflevering 5: Hannah Banana
Brian helps Stewie meet Miley Cyrus before her concert in Quahog, and they discover a secret about her identity. Meanwhile, the family discovers that the evil monkey in Chris's closet isn't actually evil.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 6: Quagmire's Baby
Quagmire is forced to take care of a baby he fathered when she is left on his doorstep, while Stewie creates clones of himself and Brian.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering7: Jerome Is the New Black
The guys find a new black friend to join their group, until Peter finds out that he slept with Lois. Meanwhile, Brian tries to find out why Quagmire hates him and tries to make amends.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 8: Dog Gone
When Brian accidentally kills another dog he is surprised to see that no one cares so he tries to convince everyone that the life of a dog should have the same value as a human one. 
Meanwhile, Lois hires a maid who doesn't listen to Peter.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 9: Business Guy
Peter takes over Pewterschmidt Industries when his father-in-law has a heart attack and goes into a coma.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 10: Big Man on Hippocampus
The Griffins are invited to be contestants on the game show "Family Feud." After winning the game and advancing to the show's bonus round (called Fast Money), Lois puts the Griffins in prime position to win the game, but Peter bungles the opportunity when he stubbornly refuses to change his answer to the first question. 
Host Richard Dawson tries to remind Peter of the rules, but when Peter continues to argue and grabs Dawson, he gets pushed through a podium on the set and is knocked unconscious. At the hospital, Dr. Hartman tells Lois that Peter has amnesia. 
At home, Lois has to re-teach Peter everything about his life, including re-introducing him to his friends and family and menial skills such as eating, driving and sex. After the latter, Peter realizes that he enjoys sex and believes he can sleep with any woman. 
When Peter introduces Tiffani Amber Thiessen to Lois, she loses patience with her husband and moves herself and the rest of the family out to sort out her feelings. Quagmire learns that Lois has moved out of her house and begins to court her. Brian realizes what is about to happen and warns Peter, 
only to learn that Peter had regained his memory but didn't tell anybody. (Peter had regained his memory after being clubbed on the head repeatedly by his nemesis, Ernie the Giant Chicken, and had kept quiet since he enjoyed his new bachelor life so much). Peter eventually walks in on Quagmire and Lois as they are engaged in foreplay, and Peter apologizes for his recent behavior and calls on her to come home. Lois accepts, and the two leave Quagmire behind, wondering what's going on.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 11: Dial Meg for Murder
Meg goes to prison after her boyfriend escapes from jail, and returns as a frightening, hardened sociopath.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 12: Extra Large Medium
After they are saved after being lost in the wilderness, Stewie helps Chris muster up the courage to ask a girl with Down Syndrome out on a date, while Peter pretends to be a psychic.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 13: Go, Stewie, Go!
Stewie poses as a girl so that he can appear on a children's show, but trouble arises when he falls for a female co-star. Meanwhile, Meg gets a new boyfriend, but Lois tries to make a move on him.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 14: Peter-assment
Peter is sexually harassed by his unattractive female boss, but will he follow through with her advances and keep his job?


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 15: Brian Griffin's House of Payne
Brian sells his pilot for a heartwarming family drama to CBS, who then turns it into a lame, formulaic sitcom starring James Woods. Meanwhile, Meg and Chris try to hide Stewie's accidental injury they caused from their parents.



Seizoen 8 Aflevering 16: April in Quahog
Peter makes an embarrassing confession about his kids as everyone thinks the world is about to come to an end.
	


Seizoen 8 Aflevering 17: Brian & Stewie
In the Special 1-Hour 150th Episode Event, Brian and Stewie get locked in a bank vault where they are forced to deal with each other on a whole new level. The one-hour event also includes never-before-seen musical footage.
	


Seizoen 8 Aflevering 18: Quagmire's Dad
Quagmire's dad comes to Quahog and announces that he's undergoing a sex change. And when Brian returns to town after a seminar, he accidentally makes the situation even more awkward.


	
Seizoen 8 Aflevering 19: The Splendid Source
With Cleveland's help, Peter, Joe and Quagmire blow off a couples getaway to Maine to search for the origin of the worlds funniest dirty joke.
Family Guy: Season 8: Episode 20 --- Trailer (Flash)



Seizoen 8 Aflevering 20: Something, Something, Something, Dark Side
The saga continues where Blue Harvest left off. This is the family guy take on The Empire Strikes Back. It starts out with the family watching tv and the power gets cut...
	


Seizoen 8 Aflevering 21: Partial Terms of Endearment
Lois agrees to become a surrogate mother for a friend who is unable to conceive a child of her own. But when the friend and her husband are killed in a car accident, Lois and Peter consider whether to terminate the pregnancy.



Meer zien? Kijk dan op - http://hetmultimediacafe.nl/index.php

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs