Movies : Other : DVD Rip : English


XVID, 512x368, Qf= 0.23, AC3 (192 kbs)

The Dummies set of instructional DVDs mirrors much of the format and content that has made the books a runaway success story all around the world. Written in plain easy-to-understand language with no jargon, plenty of helpful hints and tips, and with a non-condescending tone taken throughout, books and DVDs have been released that aim to teach people just about any topic imaginable. We have previously taken a look at Learning Guitar for Dummies and 15-minute Workout for Dummies. This is another title in the series and is dedicated to that most frustrating game of all - golf.

What we have here is a 55 minute instructional video hosted by former tour professional and now golf commentator Brett Ogle. Ogle has won some 13 golf tournaments around the world and is currently the pro at Bonnie Doon Golf Club in New South Wales - so it's fair to say he knows his subject.

For this video Ogle is filmed on location at the new National Golf Course outside of Melbourne. He takes the novice through the many aspects of the really quite difficult game beginning with club and other gear selection. He looks and demonstrates some of the warm-ups that should be used before commencing a round, before getting into the detail of stance, grip, and swing. This is where the bulk of the running time is dedicated, before Ogle rounds out with a brief look at the art of chipping and putting.

So, I hear you ask, is an instructional video for a game that takes place outside any good? Well, Ogle does state fairly early on that this is merely one method of gaining some insight into the game. Books are another option, but obviously the only true method of learning this difficult game is real practice on the course or at a driving range. The addition of lessons from a pro is also suggested as the ultimate way to learn. What this video does have going for it is the ability to reinforce many aspects of the game that are critical and do not need to be practiced on the actual course. Warm-up routines, and the intricacies of grip, stance, and swing are all explained in great detail and Ogle provides many tips and tricks that can easily be practiced in the lounge room. Speaking of lounge rooms. I liked the way Ogle suggested that you move any furniture in the room that you may hit before starting any of the practice routines. I can just imagine someone firing a golf ball into their widescreen plasma panel before realising they should be doing this outside!

Thankfully this video doesn't resort to the quick and often condescending tone taken by many instructional videos. There is very little footage of Ogle quickly running through a series of checks and then standing on the tee and belting the ball some 300 metres, all before exclaiming "see - it's easy". We all know he can do it, so instead he spends a lot more time explaining set up and stance that you, the novice, should practice without the need to see him showing off.

This is probably aimed at the golfer who has had some sort of basic initiation into the game and is looking to reinforce some of the base elements in the correct manner. It is probably not aimed at the complete novice who has absolutely no golfing knowledge at all, since it jumps into the technical detail of stance and swing very very quickly.