 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1183665/

6,7
		

In an austere and remote all girls boarding school, the most elite clique of girls are the illustrious members of the schools' diving team. DI, LILY, POPPY, LAUREL, ROSIE and FUZZY are the envy of their fellow pupils who watch on as the girls compete for the attention of their glamorous teacher MISS G (Eva Green). MISS G in turn thrives on the attention she receives from her girls and believes it is her role to teach them the ways of the world. 

As Team Captain, DI is closest of all the girls to MISS G but her position is challenged when a beautiful Spanish girl, FIAMMA, arrives at the school and joins the diving team. DI, pulls rank as team captain and lays down the rules in an attempt to assert her position but MISS G is spellbound by FIAMMA's beauty and maturity and becomes obsessed with her new favourite girl. 

Consumed with jealousy, DI encourages the group to bully their team mate and they chase her out of the school. When FIAMMA is made to return the girls are forced to try and get along with FIAMMA and as they open up to her they too begin to warm to the charms that so captivated MISS G. In an attempt to put their differences aside - the diving team and FIAMMA plan a secret midnight party to celebrate the feast of St. Agnes; a ritualistic celebration that is both innocent and erotic. A night that begins with high spirits soon takes a turn that will change the girls' lives forever as MISS G interrupts the evening and takes a drunken FIAMMA away to her room... 



Director Jordan Scott
Certificate 15 years and over
Year 2009
Languages English
Subtitles Nordic 
Duration 1 hour and 34 minutes (approx)
Region Region 2

Actors

Eva Green, Juno Temple, Maria Valverde, Imogen Poots, Ellie Nunn, Adele McCann, Zoe Carroll, Clemmie Dugdale, Sinead Cusack, Laurence Richardson, Gerry Shanahan & Kitty McLaughlin-Dunning

Cracks [2009 PAL DVD][En Subs[Nordic]

Beskrivning på Svenska

Den excentriska lärarinnan Miss G trollbinder eleverna på den idylliska internatskolan för flickor. En ny student anländer och en gnista tänds till en eld som snart inte går att behärska. 

Eva Green, från Casino Royale och Guldkompassen, gör ett skälvande porträtt av internatlärarinnan Miss G, vars mäktiga karisma blir såväl hennes framgång som fall.

"Oskuldens tid" är en smärtsamt vacker och sensuell 30-tals skildring av förlorad oskuld och kärlekens förintande kraft - ett knivskarpt kvinnoporträtt som jämförts med Jane Campions bästa filmer.

Speltid 100 min
EAN-kod 7319980049231
Textning Danska Finska Norska Svenska 
Ljud Engelska (Stereo)
Bild Widescreen 1.77:1 (anamorfisk)
Lokal titel Oskuldens tid
Orginal titel Cracks
Genre Drama Thriller
Produktionsland England
Premiärår 2009
Regi Jordan Scott
Manus Ben Court
