ARTIST: The Limousines
TITLE: Get Sharp
LABEL: Dangerbird Records
GENRE: Indie
BITRATE: 252kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 41m total
RELEASE DATE: 2011-04-26
RIP DATE: 2011-06-20

Track List
----------
1.  Square Circle Triangle           0:49
2.  Dancing At Her Funeral           3:43
3.  Internet Killed The Video Star   3:53
4.  Very Busy People                 4:06
5.  Flaskaboozendancingshoes         3:18
6.  The Future                       4:30
7.  Triangle Circle Square           2:36
8.  Wildfires                        5:26
9.  Swedswllngwhr (Wishing Well)     5:03
10. Fine Art                         4:46
11. Get Sharp                        2:50

Release Notes:


"The kids are disco dancin'/They're tired of rock n' roll/Don''t bother telling
them that drum machines ain't got no soul," vocalist Eric sings in The
Limousines' Buggles-inspired "Internet Killed The Video Star." Don't take this
statement at face value however. The San Francisco-based act, made up of Eric
and beatmeister Gio, seem set on proving that the groove is not only in the feet
but in the heart as well.

The duo's debut Get Sharp, a follow-up to last year's Scrapbook EP, combines
upbeat, electronic wizardry with often introspective lyrics. "The Future," is
perhaps the catchiest tune about nihilism ever recorded. "And we die our empty
bodies turn to dust," Eric sings. "There's nothing we can do that matters/But
that's okay." Angels, demons, heaven and hell are all dismissed in the name of
living for the moment, however temporary. Standout track "Very Busy People,"
offers a sardonic take on modern society's unproductive productiveness. "We'll
stay up late making mixtapes/Photoshopping pictures of ourselves/While we
masturbate to these pixelated videos/Of strangers fucking themselves," Eric
sings in a matter-of-fact voice, seemingly implicating himself and the rest of
us for our everyday acts of self-indulgence.

The title track's lyrics mockingly recite the trappings of conventional middle
class life, from chasing a paystub to getting the 9 to 5 cubicle-ready haircut.
"Maybe it's my slacker lack of motivation or whatever" Erics sings with more
swagger in his voice over bits and samples that sound straight out of 80's video
game Duck Hunt. Musically the album is all drum loops, synths, thumping bass and
samples, and seldom veers off into unfamiliar territory, with the exception of
tribal beats that end "Wildfire" and the distorted vocal tripping of "Wishing
Well." While the music backdrop is rarely dull, more sonic experimentation could
have made for a more explosive overall sound.

The albums last songs ends with The Shirelles'-borrowed lines "Mama said there'd
be days like this." While what Eric is refering to is unclear, hopefully the
duo's next release will provide further clues. Their debut certainly has given
plenty of food for thought.
