Downloader Instructions

The More You Share the More Shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless you as He has me.
I have Prayed to The Father To Bless all those that SEED LONG.
Description

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 33 - Ben Hur - Eng -  Sub Titles 16 Languages




POtHS 2 - Bible Movies - 33 - Ben Hur - Eng -  Sub Titles 16 Languages                    

Discription

Sub Titles in These Languages

Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Finnish
French
German
Hungarian
Italian
Portuguese
Romanian
Slovenia
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish

Ben Hur was made back when going to an epic movie was an international event. Great spectaculars were made with real people, mind-boggling sets and casts of thousands -- long before digital special effects made them all obsolete.

Epics were shown on gigantic screens in palatial movie houses, often with overtures and intermissions, and a really big movie was a cultural experience that everybody knew about. There’s no better example of those bygone days than 1959’s Ben Hur, a biblical sword-and-sandal epic that has it all – including a breathtaking, absolutely real chariot race.
The Plot
After a prologue of the birth of Christ, the movie begins in Judea, where we meet the handsome Roman Messala, a childhood friend of Judah Ben Hur (Charlton Heston) who is now determined to rule the conquered land of Judea with an iron hand. Ben Hur, a Jewish prince, is wealthy and influential, and Messala asks his help in persuading the locals against rebellion – but he resists.

As the new Roman governor arrives to take power, Ben Hur and his sister are watching from their rooftop and accidently dislodge a tile. The governor’s horse starts, he falls and is gravely injured. Ben Hur, his mother and sister are arrested and unjustly condemned, and Ben Hur swears vengeance against Messala.



Coming Soon.....My Last Conspiracy Fact

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Biggest Conspiracy of all time. Solved



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

POtHS 3 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 99 - The Greatest Conspiracy of All Times - Solved - Jesus Lives
- NO MORE DOUBTS - Coming Soon

The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                     Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                          End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                               Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                              Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                        Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                     Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                    Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
           (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS    

 
                                 