INTENTION:
Being a fan of the X-Men and a loyal reader of the Wolverine solo comic book since my teenage years I was not satisfied with what Fox did with the character in his origin movie, while it does follow the sequence of events that took place over the years in the obscure comic continuity of his origin, too many things were changed for my taste…

so here I will put my effort to fix just that.

EDITING DETAILS & CUTLIST:
Researched the tutorials posted on these forums and on a great website which I used a number of years ago http://www.videohelp.com Have some past amateur experience using Adobe Premiere, TMPEGEnc and other transcoding tools… which will come in handy.

CUTLIST: view:
Conceptually the changes will be as follows:

- Completely remove all mentions, references and conversations
indicating that Wolverine and Sabretooth are brothers; this is simply
not true in the comic canon, in which at some point it was speculated
that Victor Creed was Wolvie’s father… which in the end it was
proved not to be the case. And whether James Howlett was indeed the
son of his family mansion’s groundskeeper is left loose in the air, as
in the Origin miniseries.

- While it will not be possible to make the black ops team the same as
in the comic cannon (originally consisting of Logan, Creed, John
Wraith, Silver Fox and Maverick), some improvements have been made to
the scenes. Most of the action has been left for continuity reasons,
except for a certain character climbing buildings for no reason, and
Wade's most over the top action.

- Completely remove all plot regarding Logan volunteering for the
Weapon X program, in the canon it was an abduction/forced drafting by
the Canadian government to create their version of the Super Soldier
a.k.a. Captain America.

- Incorporate/replace the deleted/alternate scenes to the movie, I
have two of them from the blu ray and all are quite good for the movie
IMO.

- Fight scene with Gambit tightened, removing the most over the top elements.

- No Silver Fox drugged to fake death, which is better left
unexplained; she has no mutant powers and also she is not Emma Frost’s
sister.

- The bastardized version of “Deadpool” AKA Barakapool on the final
act is still present, but he is now only referred to as “the mutant
killer” and “Weapon XI” and is isolated from Wade Wilson, who did
appear during the Team X mission.

- Most (almost all) of the lame attempts at humor are cut out.

- Various small fixes regarding nonsense lines and redundancies.

- Make sure to watch all thru the end credits, Japan epilogue included
following the current Marvel movie trend.

Please take the time to rate and review this fanedit at:
 
http://fanedit.org/12292/