Sasha Grey         http://bayimg.com/fAeCNaADB
 
253 Pictures

Real Name:  Marina Ann Hantzis
Aliases:  Sascha Grey, Anna Karina, Sasha Gray 
Ethnicity:  Caucasian   
Country of Origin:   United States   
Province / State:  CA - California   
Place of Birth:  North Highlands, Sacramento   
Date of Birth:  March 14, 1988      
Penthouse Pet of the Month: Miss July 2007   
Eye Color:  Hazel   
Hair Color:  Brown   
Heigth:  168 cm - 5 feet and 6 inches   
Weight:  50 kg - 110 lbs   
Measurements:  33B-26-31  

 


She moved to Los Angeles and started her career in 2006 just after turning 18. Her first scene was an orgy with Rocco Siffredi and others for the movie "The Fashionistas 2" by John Stagliano. During this scene, she shocked her fellow performer by requesting that he punch her in the stomach, which he declined. She states that she is bisexual and a fan of porn star Belladonna, with whom she shot scenes in "Fetish Fanatic #4" and the unreleased "Awakening of Sasha Grey".

She was chosen "Penthouse" Pet of The Month for July 2007; the spread is considered to be a radical change for the magazine as it was photographed by the fashion photographer Terry Richardson. She is also featured as part of the art work for The Smashing Pumpkins 2007 album "Zeitgeist", and also appears in their 2008 video 'Superchrist'. She stars in and suggested the title for the movie "Broken", directed by Jane's Addiction's Dave Navarro. Before deciding on her present stage name she was toying with the name of Jean-Luc Godard's ex-wife Anna Karina.
She was also featured in the music video for the song 'Birthday Girl', by the Roots.The song of this video belongs to the Rising Down album.

She is half of the experimental music/art project known as ATelecine. Grey also aspires to produce independent films; since the inception of her career in the porn industry, she has begun the filming of a documentary that she hopes will illustrate her experience from the age of 18 to 21.






Any requests for a girl....just leave in comments

Enjoy......and please seed

Comments welcome

