Infinity Blade


Description

From Epic Games’ award-winning studio, ChAIR Entertainment, comes Infinity Blade, a new title developed exclusively for iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad.


Universal App - Play Infinity Blade on iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPad, iPod Touch 3, or iPod Touch 4 for a single low price.

Optimized for iPhone 4 – Includes high-resolution graphics that fully utilize the Retina display on the iPhone 4.


**IGN: "A surefire Game of the Year contender. It just may be the best iPhone game of all time."

**TouchGen: "This is the best game I've played on my iPhone. This is the game we've been waiting for!"

**Slide: "A unique and enthralling experience from the start."

**Ars Technica: "It’s one of the few games on the iPhone that if I were to get an e-mail tomorrow saying that it’s available, I would stop everything I was doing, find my iPhone and buy it."


For untold ages, the God King has ruled with an iron fist - his power is incalculable; his followers, legion. Now you must journey to the Dark Citadel to battle his Titans, one by one, until you face the tyrant himself. As it has been for all in your bloodline, this is your birthright - to free your people from an endless legacy of darkness. The immortal can be vanquished - but only if heart, mind, and steel are one.

The first mobile game powered by Epic’s cutting-edge Unreal Engine 3 technology, Infinity Blade takes handheld gaming to new heights with gorgeous visuals, adrenaline-fueled battles and advanced character progression in a fully 3D castle realm.


DYNAMIC SINGLE-PLAYER CAMPAIGN 

Spectacular 3D characters and environments powered by the award-winning Unreal Engine 3 bring to life the story of a lone knight’s pursuit to save civilization.


RESPONSIVE AND INTUITIVE TOUCH CONTROLS

Attack, dodge, block, and cast devastating spells - all with the simple swipe of a finger.


SIMPLE NAVIGATION

Easy to use, tap-to-move controls enable players to effortlessly navigate and explore the castle realm while searching for collectable items such as treasure, swords, shields, armor and other magical objects.


DEEP CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION

Dozens of Swords, Shields, Helmets, Armor, and Magic Rings to acquire and master - leveling up your character and increasing Attack, Health, Shield and Magic skills.


GAME CENTER 

Achievements and Leaderboards


COMING SOON!

New Areas to conquer! Multiplayer! New Swords, Shields, Helmets, Magic Rings, and Enemies!


REQUIREMENTS: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation), and iPad. Requires iOS 3.2 or later.