The story is based on cockfights which are a craze in the suburbs of Madurai. Pettaikaran (Jayabalan) and Rathnasamy (Nareyn), a cop, are rivals in these fights. Pettaikaran has always defeated Rathnasamy in all matches between them. Karuppu (Dhanush) and Durai (Kishore) are also in Pettaikaran's team. Rathnasamy keeps insisting on having one last fight to win and satisfy his old mother’s wish but Pettaikaran declines to have any more fights with him. He keeps insisting and tries to make him accept the challenge through cajoling, threatening, bribing and other vile acts.
Karuppu falls in love with an Anglo-Indian girl Irene (Taapsee) who dislikes him. He does not recognize this initially and keeps following her. One day the residents of Irene’s colony confront him and ask Irene to tell who she is in love with – Karuppu or Dinesh, another guy in the locality. She points her finger at Karuppu and he goes into excitement. She explains later that she had to lie in order to avoid Dinesh who has been bothering her for a long time. Later Irene too falls in love with Karuppu.
Meanwhile one of Pettai's associates is killed in an accident and in a rage Pettai suspecting Rathnasamy of the murder, agrees to the cockfight and it is decided that the loser will forever give up cockfights. In the crucial fight, Rathnasamy brings high breed cocks from Bangalore. Karuppu asks Pettai to let his cock fight against Rathnasamy's cocks but Pettai puts his cock down and says he will choose the competing cock himself. Karuppu surreptitiously enters the contest before Pettai can choose the cock. Pettaikaran is unwilling to let Karuppu save his skin and announces that Karuppu will not represent Pettai. The 'underdog' emerges victorious in three consecutive rounds even when the opponent has spiked his cock with drugs to scald the other cock.
While initially Pettai is happy that Kuruppu won, he is overcome with anger and jealousy by the end of the day. His ego is wounded by the fact that Karuppu earns both popularity and money. Karuppu is not aware of the changes in his mentor's mind. Pettaikaran is so jealous of Karuppu that at first he refuses to speak to anyone and then starts scheming. The money from the competition that Karuppu gives to Pettai for safe keeping, that he plans to use to start a business, suddenly goes missing. Pettai also starts spinning stories about his associates and makes everyone suspicious of each other. Meanwhile Karuppu's mom dies of the shock of losing all the money and his lover Irene who refuses to move to Chennai with her family cuts her hand and is admitted in hospital. When Irene gets better, she calls Karuppu and informs him that Pettai is badmouthing him. So Karuppu, who puts 2 and 2 together, goes to find Pettai to confront him. Pettai kills himself and Karuppu also finds that Pettai was the one who stole his money. Karuppu does not want to reveal the fact to the public that his mentor was the criminal who stole his money and schemed against him, so he flees 
with Irene to start a new life in another city.

Screenshots
 
http://bayimg.com/LaegOaAdA 
http://bayimg.com/LAeGpaadA 
http://bayimg.com/MaegDAada 
http://bayimg.com/MaEgFAADa