The Secret History of the Jesuits - 1975 - by, Edmond Paris


The information in this book is factual and fully documented...
This study is based on irrefutable archive documents, publications from
well-known political personalities, diplomats, ambassadors and eminent writers...

Dr. Alberto Rivera, a former Jesuit priest introduces Edmond Paris' book:
"The most dangerous of men are those who appear very religious,
especially when they are organized and in a position of authority. They have
the deep respect of the people who are ignorant of their ungodly push for
power behind the scenes."

"These religious men, who pretend to love God, will resort to murder, incite
revolution and wars if necessary to help their cause. They are crafty,
intelligent, smooth religious politicians who live in a shadowy world of
secrets, intrigue, and phony holiness."


A last century writer, Adolphe Michel, recalled that Voltaire estimated the
number of works published over the years, on the Jesuits, to be about six
thousand.

We will see also how so much effectual zeal was to make it indispensable 
to the institution it served, exerting such an influence over it that 
its General was named with good reason the "black pope".

Mr. Joseph Rovan, Catholic writer, comments on the diplomatic
agreement between the Vatican and the nazi Reich on the 8th of July 1933:
"The Concordat brought to the national-socialist government,
considered nearly everywhere to be made up of usurpers, if not brigands,
the seal of an agreement with the oldest international power (the Vatican).
In a way, it was the equivalent of a diploma of international honorability".


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Foreword by Edmond Paris. 7

Section I The Founding of the Jesuit Order

1. Ignatius of Loyola. 15
2. The Spiritual Exercises. 20
3. The Founding of the Company. 23
4. The Spirit of the Order. 25
5. The Privileges of the Company. 28

Section II The Jesuits in Europe during the 16th and 17th Centuries.

1. Italy, Portugal, Spain. 31
2. Germany. 34
3. Switzerland. 38
4. Poland and Russia. 40
5. Sweden and England. 42
6. France. 45

Section III Foreign Missions

1. India, Japan, China. 50
2. The Americas: The Jesuit State of Paraguay. 55

Section IV The Jesuits in the European Society

1. The teaching of the Jesuits. 59
2. The morals of the Jesuits. 63
3. The Eclipse of the Company. 67
4. Rebirth of the Society of Jesus during the 19th Century. 73
5. The Second Empire and the Falloux Law — The War of 1870. 76
6. The Jesuits in Rome — The Syllabus. 82
7. The Jesuits in France from 1870 until 1885. 88
8. The Jesuits and General Boulanger. 95
The Jesuits and the Dreyfus Affair.
9. The Years before the War — 1900-1914. 110

Section V The Infernal Cycle

1. The First World War. 116
2. Preparations for the Second World War. 123
3. German Aggression and the Jesuits. Austria - Poland - 139
Czechoslovakia - Yugoslavia.
4. The Jesuit movement in France before and during 155
the 1939-1945 War.
5. The Gestapo and the Society of Jesus. 163
6. The Death Camps and the Anti-Semitic Crusade. 172
7. The Jesuits and the Colleqium Russicum. 177
8. Pope John XXIII removes the mask. 183

Conclusion 191
Bibliography 199

================================


Politics are their main field of action, 
as all the efforts of these "directors" concentrate on one aim: the
submission of the world to the papacy, and to attain this the "heads" must be
conquered first. And to realise this ideal? Two very important weapons: to be
the confessors of the mighty and those in high places and the education of their
children. In that way, the present will be safe while the future is prepared.

One only has to read those texts to perceive the extreme,
if not monstrous character of this submission of soul and spirit imposed to
the Jesuits, making them always docile instruments in their superiors' hands,
and even more from their very beginning the natural ennemies of any kind of liberty.

The famous "perinde ac cadaver" (as a corpse in the undertaker's hands)
as a staff obeying every impulse; as a ball of wax which can be
shaped and stretched in any direction.

Amongst the Jesuits, not only the will, but also reasoning and even moral scruple, 
must be sacrificed to the primordial virtue of obedience which is, according to Borgia, 
"the strongest rampart of Society".

"Let us be convinced that all is well and right when the superior
commands it", wrote Loyola. And again: "Even if God gave you an animal
without sense for master, you will not hesitate to obey him, as master and
guide, because God ordained it to be so."

"Here is a proven fact: the "Constitutions" repeat five hundred times that one
must see Christ in the person of the General".

"Military obedience is not the equivalent of
Jesuitic obedience; the latter is more extensive as it gets hold of the whole man
and is not satisfied like the other, with an exterior act, but requires the
sacrifice of the will and laying aside of one's own judgment".

Ignatius himself wrote in his letter to the Portuguese Jesuits: 
"We must see black as white, if the Church says so".

The Order's life of ups and downs — there is not one country from which it
wasn't expelled — testifies that these dangers were recognised by all
governments, even the most Catholic. By introducing men so blindly
devoted to their cause to teaching among the higher classes, the
Company — champion of universalism, therefore ultra-montanism — was
inevitably recognised as a threat to civil authority, as the activity of the
Order, by the mere fact of their vocation, turned more and more towards politics.

By their Constitutions, the Jesuits were exempt from the cloistered rule
which applied to monastic life in general. In fact, they are monks living "in
the world" and, outwardly, nothing distinguishes them from the secular
clergy. But, contrary to this and other religious congregations, they are not
subjected to the bishop's authority.

"The general absolves, in person or through a delegate, all those who are under 
his obedience, of the unhappy state arising from excommunication, suspension or 
interdict, provided these censures were not inflicted for excesses so enormous 
that others, beside the papal tribunal, knew about them.

He also absolves the irregularity issuing, from bigamy, injuries done to
others, murder, assassination... as long as these wicked deeds were not 
publicly known and the cause of a scandal".

Finally, Gregory XIII bestowed on the Company the right to deal in
commerce and banking, a right it made use of extensively later on.
These dispensations and unprecedented powers were fully guaranteed to them.

It is the same today; the 33,000 official members of the Society operate all
over the world in the capacity of her personnel, officers of a truly secret army
containing in its ranks heads of political parties, high ranking officials,
generals, magistrates, physicians, Faculty professors, etc., all of them striving
to bring about, in their own sphere, "l'Opus Dei", God's work, in reality the
plans of the papacy.

"If a young girl is pregnant, a miscarriage can be induced if her fault
is the cause of dishonour for herself or a member of the clergy."

Father Benzi, had his hour of fame when he declared: "it is only a slight
offence to feel the breasts of a nun", and, because of it, the Jesuits
were nicknamed the "mamillary theologians".

Mr. Boehmer has this to say: "As we have just seen, it is not
difficult to guard against mortal sin. Depending on circumstances, we only have
to use the excellent means permitted by the Fathers: "equivocation, mental
reservation, the subtle theory of the direction of intentions," and we will be able
to commit, without sin, acts which are considered criminal by the ignorant
masses, but in which even the most severe Father will not be able to find an
atom of mortal sin".

"A monk or priest is allowed to kill those who are ready to slander him or his community."

So, the Order gives itself the right to eliminate its adversaries and even those
of its members who, having come out of it, are too talkative. This pearl is
found in the "Theology of Father L'Amy".

There is another case where this principle finds its application. For, this
same Jesuit was cynical enough to write: "If a Father, yielding to
temptation, abuses a woman and she publicises what has happened, and,
because of it, dishonours him, this same Father can kill her to avoid disgrace!"
