Lucie Silvas (born Lucie Joanne Silverman on 4 September 1977 in Kingston-Upon-Thames, UK) is an English singer-songwriter. Lucie was born to a Liberal Jewish family. Her father is of New Zealand descent and her mother, Isobel, is Scottish. Lucie also has two sisters, Mia, who has done backing vocals for Lucie, and Nikki. Her parents were also big music lovers and Lucie has stated this inspired her career, besides the fact that her mother was an opera singer and wanted to pursue a career in music herself.

Silvas learned the piano at the age of 5, and had written her first song by age 10. She relocated many times between her parents native countries as well as England. She relocated to Thames Ditton, Kingston-Upon-Thames, England, when she was 13. She entered a Jewish Care Young Performer competition and came third when she was 14. She attended Surbiton High School for Girls and left at 16 before going to college.

After leaving college at the age of 18, Silvas became a backing singer for Judie Tzuke, who helped her write much of her first album, entitled Breathe In.

- - -

In 2003, Lucie was signed to Mercury Records, and recorded her second album, Breathe In, which was to become her official debut produced by Mike Peden. Much of Breathe In was co-written with Judie Tzuke, for whom Silvas sang backing vocals for many years. BBC Radio 2 commissioned a radio show to track Silvas development in the music industry, supporting her career, and adding her tracks to their playlist. The first single from the album, What You're Made of, entered the official UK charts at number 7, and a few weeks later the album debuted and peaked at number 11 (although it has returned to this position on multiple occasions). Following TV appearances on the Ivor Novello Elton John tribute show, and All Time Greatest Love Songs with Ronan Keating, Lucie released her second single from the album, Breathe In, which debuted at number 6. Silvas then released further singles; The Game Is Won, Don't Look Back and re-released Forget Me Not, which entered the charts at numbers 38, 34 and 76, respectively.

Following the release of the Breathe In single in Britain, Silvas took her music to Europe, including Germany and the Netherlands, where she achieved critical acclaim and released a special Europe-only single, Nothing Else Matters, her cover of the Metallica song. Breathe In was also re-released in the Netherlands as a special 2-disc edition, featuring a full live concert recorded there. She also re-recorded What You're Made Of for the Spanish and French markets, working with Antonio Orozco and Gregory Lemarchal respectively. A special re-recorded version of the song, featuring the Metropole Orchestra was released as the fourth and final single from the album in the Netherlands. In 2003, she did a duet with Natalia called This Time, and in 2004 also wrote the first single off Natalia's third album, called Sombras (Shadows).

Lucie embarked on her second sell-out UK tour, The Don't Look Back UK tour, starting in Brighton on 2 November 2005, having seen Breathe In be certified platinum in the UK.

- - -

Lucie's second album The Same Side was recorded in late 2006. It was released in October 2006 in the Netherlands and in March 2007 in the UK and the rest of Europe. The first UK single, Last Year was premiered on BBC Radio 2 in late August 2006, and a duet with Marco Borsato, Everytime I Think of You, in the Netherlands. The Same Side was produced by Danton Supple, who produced Coldplay's X&Y. In the Netherlands, Everytime I Think of You charted on no 35 on downloads only, topping the Dutch Top 40 in the next 3 weeks. It became her first Number 1 single in the Netherlands.

Last Year was the first single in the UK and peaked at no 79, and no 14 in Republic of Ireland. Following this setback, Mercury Records decided to postpone the UK release of her new album, which had been scheduled for October 2006; it was re-scheduled for 12 March 2007.

The second single chosen was Sinking In, a pop/rock song released on 5 March 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The single was released as a download only and did not create much interest and did not enter the charts at all.

The album charted at no 62 on the UK Albums Chart in its first week, selling 8,000 copies in its first week. At the second week, the album charted outside the Top 100, selling only 2,000 more copies. A DVD of The Same Side has been released in the Netherlands.

- - -

After The Same Side failed to impact on the charts, Silvas was subsequently dropped by her label. She has spent time working on new music in Nashville, Tennessee and New York, as well as in studios in the UK. Several demos have been recorded and posted to various sites on the internet such as Silvas' official Myspace page. In August 2009, Lucie revealed that she was writing with Australian singer Delta Goodrem, Silvas also co-wrote tracks for Katharine McPhee's album Unbroken. In September 2009, Silvas also told fans on Twitter she was working on getting new material out in 2010 and was also planning a European tour. In February 2010, Silvas spent some time in the studio with Nadine Coyle of Girls Aloud.

As of February 2011 Silvas posted on Twitter and a new Facebook page content from her forthcoming album Letters to Ghosts, tracks including Happy, Reset, Smoke (Somebody Stop Me) and Roots - the last of which was offered as a free download prior to the album's release through SoundCloud from April 15th 2011. She has also supported Jamiroquai on tour.

On June 8th 2011, Silvas tweeted that she had finished recording her album, saying, So filled with excitement after finishing the album today that I can't sleep! So many things going around in my head. May just give up and stay awake! Who's with me!?  (wikipedia)

- - -

Lucie Silvas - The Same Side 2006
(Mercury Records)

 1. Last Year
 2. Sinking In
 3. The Same Side
 4. Trying Not To Lose
 5. Something About You
 6. Place To Hide
 7. Almost
 8. Right Here
 9. Counting
10. Already Gone
11. Alone
12. Passionate You
