 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078680/

This is a re-launch of our Rumpole offerings which we first put onto a torrent
ages ago along with the Pilot episode which we didn't see anywhere else on the
net when we posted our converted from DVD offering. Initially we only put up
Series 1-4 on two separate torrents. Not many takers at the time - only a handful
as all were headed for a hugely successful Xvid torrent that had ALL the
episodes instead. (Although I don't believe the Pilot version was included
there either). We thought we'd launch only a volume at a time - only it doesn't
seem to work as well to use this approach (as we have learned along the way)! 

Well, we finally converted the remaining  episodes from DVD to bring
you the complete Series here finally. We thought we would wait for an HD
version rather than improve on this any further at the moment as this is 
in fact a nice 720 X 480 at 800k video (There is at least one similar DivX 
set on the net put up by someone else, that is 720k bitrate instead). We have
the same 128k audio bitrate in any event. The video on these DVDs is much nicer
converted at 800k than we saw in other shows/programs we've seen offered at that
bitrate - depends on the source content I would point out, therefore.

We have enough bandwidth to get seeds generated within hours of this launch -
provided you are willing to partake and share liberally - its up to you, however -
happy sailing in any event! 

Rumpole of the Bailey is a hugely popular offering for real British fans.
As a Barrister at the Old Bailey Courthouse in London, Leo McKern's 
character (Horace Rumpole) is quite a interesting character - a man with
spirit and gumption to spare!

Also just as exciting a character for me personally is Ms. Patricia Hodge
who moves up from being a colleague to Rumpole, into a role in
Judge's chamber. A lovely gal indeed with great intelligence and charm
for those inclined to intellect equally!

There are many interesting Legal and moral/cultural issues examined
including the appropriate conduct in the courtroom of Lawyers, Judges and 
those being tries for Crimes they may or may not be guilty of. And then
there's the witnesses and Jury too certainly - not to mention Police Officers
testifying in cases in respect of their competence in bringing charges.

A particularly frank look at Multicultural experiment of (for example) bringing
an Asian man into the system from abroad to train is looked at "The Inn" in
"Rumpole and the fascist beast" episode. Then there's Rumpole and the Golden
thread which sees Rumpole called off to Africa to take part in the Justice system
there - as set up by the British in this particular former colony to where he is
called. How much of the effort in such colonization schemes can be seen to payoff
in this case? You might be surprised at the differences that cannot be bridged!
All are shown more comfortable with what actually endures of their system in some
respect or other of what they are willing to be tolerable of within their own
range of sensibilities on the matter.

Then there's the strange case of "Rumpole and the children of the devil" in
which we see the cruelty inflicted of a child by a state on an obvious
witch-hunt, as they deny her even her toy "Barbie doll" as shes carted away
to an inquisition! This - to the loveliest germanic Irish spirited young girl
you could imagine being inflicted with this! 

There's a look at sexual harassment in the workplace, Prison reform,
Sentencing reform, and many such related issues along the way as
there are fully 44 episodes presented to you here in total!

There's certainly enough murders to solve too along the way!

Rumpole himself is often seemingly contradicting himself in where it
is that his sense of honour truly lies. The fact he might just look the other way
rather than be told his client is guilty (and therefore no longer a paying client 
perhaps!) is troubling in what is my own view of how the profession needs to be 
reformed. Any other idea of integrity becomes suspect of simply "going through
the motions" without having due regard to the safety of the public or the real
needs of Justice as it were. Oh well , no one's perfect I suppose!

I've included some nice mp3s for you to enjoy from tunes and themes
heard in the series of episodes - from contemporary and earlier times too!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
































 