Female Orgasm - Black Book by Lee Jenkins

Do you believe your girlfriend or wife when she claims to have an orgasm? How can you know for certain that she's not faking?
Here are some surprising facts about female orgasm:

70% of women have NEVER had an orgasm with a man. 
25% of men will get turned down by their lovers over half the time. These men have women who think sex is a chore. 
Nearly 50% of men have partners that will NEVER ask for sex (would you ask for something that doesnΓΓé¼Γäót give you any pleasure?) 
92% of women will FAKE ORGASMS just to ΓΓé¼┼ôget it over withΓΓé¼┬¥.

ItΓΓé¼Γäós obvious that what most men are doing simply isnΓΓé¼Γäót working. 
If you have never given your partner an orgasm, and you donΓΓé¼Γäót know howΓΓé¼ª Lee Jenkins has created the Female Orgasm Black Book for men and women, but it is especially valuable for caring boyfriends and husbands who want a no-nonsense, step-by-step plan for bringing explosive sexual pleasures to their partners. You do want that, don't you?
The ΓΓé¼┼ôBlack BookΓΓé¼┬¥ explains the female orgasm, A-to-Z, with sex tips, checklists and examples of ΓΓé¼┼ôorgasm routinesΓΓé¼┬¥ you can use to bring your partner to an orgasm (or multiple orgasms).
Here's just a peak at the great information that Lee gives you in the Female Orgasm Black Book:

Why being a ΓΓé¼┼ôpick up artistΓΓé¼┬¥ doesnΓΓé¼Γäót guarantee that youΓΓé¼Γäóll be a ΓΓé¼┼ôStudΓΓé¼┬¥ in bed! 
How to re-ignite the white-hot passion of any long-term relationship! 
The number one reason women canΓΓé¼Γäót have orgasmsΓΓé¼ªeven if youΓΓé¼Γäóre using every trick in the bookΓΓé¼ªandΓΓé¼ªwhat to do about it! 
How to tell if sheΓΓé¼Γäós faking an orgasm on you and How to tell if sheΓΓé¼Γäós having a real orgasm! 
A simple ΓΓé¼┼ôshortcutΓΓé¼┬¥ to knowing exactly how she likes to be touched! (This takes the guesswork out of foreplay) 
How to create a setting in your home that will make her want to have sex! 
The 10 best sex positions that will give her an orgasm 
How to train your woman to be more orgasmic, and want sex more often! 
The most common female orgasm problemsΓΓé¼ªand what to do about it 
18 hidden signs that reveal if a woman is really ΓΓé¼┼ôturned onΓΓé¼┬¥ΓΓé¼ªorΓΓé¼ªif sheΓΓé¼Γäós just faking it! (most men donΓΓé¼Γäót have a clue about what ΓΓé¼┼ôsignalsΓΓé¼┬¥ a woman canΓΓé¼Γäót stop sending outΓΓé¼ªwhichΓΓé¼ªalways reveal the honest truth). 
How to make heart-pounding intimacy last forever

Enjoy!!

Tam&Carla;