 http://bayimg.com/OajHOaaDe

Four Rooms (1995) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113101/

Four Rooms is a 1995 anthology film telling four stories set in a hotel in the US city of Los Angeles on New Year's Eve. Tim Roth stars as the principal character of the frame tale; he also takes part to a greater or lesser degree in the four stories.

The movie was directed by Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell, Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino with each of them directing one room of the film.

  Sammi Davis  ...  Jezebel (segment The Missing Ingredient)  
  Amanda De Cadenet  ...  Diana (segment The Missing Ingredient) (as Amanda deCadenet)  
  Valeria Golino  ...  Athena (segment The Missing Ingredient)  
  Madonna  ...  Elspeth (segment The Missing Ingredient)  
  Ione Skye  ...  Eva (segment The Missing Ingredient)  
  Lili Taylor  ...  Raven (segment The Missing Ingredient)  
  Alicia Witt  ...  Kiva (segment The Missing Ingredient)  
  Jennifer Beals  ...  Angela (segments The Wrong Man, The Man from Hollywood)  
  David Proval  ...  Sigfried (segment The Wrong Man)  
  Antonio Banderas  ...  Man (segment The Misbehavers)  
  Lana McKissack  ...  Sarah (segment The Misbehavers)  
  Patricia Vonne  ...  Corpse (segment The Misbehavers) (as Patricia Vonne Rodriguez)  
  Tamlyn Tomita  ...  Wife (segment The Misbehavers)  
  Danny Verduzco  ...  Juancho (segment The Misbehavers)  
  Salma Hayek  ...  TV Dancing Girl (segment The Misbehavers)  

This movie features the collaborative directorial efforts of four new filmmakers, each of whom directs a segment of this comedy. It's New Year's Eve at the Mon Signor Hotel, a former grand old Hollywood hotel, now fallen upon hard times. Often using physical comedy and sight gags, this movie chronicles the slapstick misadventures of Ted, the Bellhop. He's on his first night on the job, when he's asked to help out a coven of witches in the Honeymoon Suite. Things only get worse when he delivers ice to the wrong room and ends up in a domestic argument at a really bad time. Next, he foolishly agrees to watch a gangster's kids for him while he's away. Finally, he finishes off the night refereeing a ghastly wager.
