TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Trillian 5 Pro for Windows v5.0.0.32 (c) 2011 Cerulean Studios

Date: 05/10/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type
Registration/Serial Crack
Activation Crack
Trial Crack
X Server Check Crack
Serial
Hidden/Added Features Enabler
X Other: Advertisements

Loader Patcher        Patch      X Precracked        RegFile
Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

REPACK/READNFO NOTE

The previous release now being final introduced a new feature
which was only starting with the final release of Trillian v5
These are advertisements showing from the taskbar and in your
chat windows as well.  They have been removed and no other ads of
any kind have shown after hours of useage.  Release has been
repackaged to avoid any confusion with the beta and final

Clean. Simple. Powerful

Streamlined social news feeds

Trillian 5's Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn support is fast,
uniform and integrated
Comprehensive: More types of feeds, like Facebook events and
Twitter searches
Flexible: Store feeds in your contact list and/or system tray
Quick: Instant updates to all services are just one click away
Interactive: View likes and read/write comments directly within
Trillian
Detailed: Links and pictures are expanded automatically to
avoid opening the web browser

Designed for Windows 7
Trillian 5 feels right at home in all versions of Windows. Our
clean and pleasant user interface has been carefully designed
to smoothly integrate with the operating system

Synchronized chat history
Never miss a message again with Trillian 5's fully
synchronized chat history. The power of the Trillian network
ensures your contact list, accounts, and chat history are
automatically shared between your desktops and phones

Foursquare with GPS support
Our newly-supported Foursquare plugin lets you meet up with
new friends and discover new places Powered by the GPS support
in Windows 7, you can even check-in right from Trillian

A truly compact interface
Stuck on a netbook with a tiny screen? No problem. Switching
between our full and compact user interfaces is only a click
away in Trillian 5. No need to change skins, no need to wait,
and no need to worry about Trillian hogging your desktop
Compact, slim and fast

What is Trillian

Connect to your IM, mail, and social networks in one place
Trillian can connect to AIM, Windows Live, Yahoo, Google,
Facebook Chat, Jabber, Skype and a lot more. Trillian 5
introduces improved Facebook Chat via XMPP and support for
Foursquare, LinkedIn, and studiVZ / meinVZ / schuelerVZ chat

Fully customizable and extensible
With a multitude of options and a comprehensive library of
plugins, skins and skin packs, you can extend and customize
Trillian in any way imaginable. Show RSS feeds or even play
music while chugging along with a contact list right out of
Terminator 5

Optimized for Windows
Trillian is built directly in C using native Windows APIs
Not relying on third-party runtimes or toolkits means lower
memory consumption and direct access to native Windows
features as soon as they're made available to developers
Trillian 5 for Windows is the smoothest and fastest version
of Trillian ever

Whats New In v5.0.0.32

This is the FINAL release

FIXED
Contact List The event button is themed when it shouldn't be
Message Windows Don't download wiki.dat unless the preference
is on
Preferences Flag older skins as outdated
Preferences Mac icon does not appear in devices screen after
newer mac updates
Wizard Back button appears disabled on single wizard screens
Wizard Increase password requirement to 8 chars
Wizard Remove basic information step from history
Wizard Remove the old Pro checkbox from wizard
HISTORY Trillian never syncs activity history that happened
while it was running offline
TWITTER Authorize Trillian to Use Twitter account fails due
to javascript error

For More Info on Trillian 5 Pro for Windows Visit 
http://www.trillian.im/learn/tour-trillian5.html

TE Release Filename: tt5032rx.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Step #1

Run trillian-v5.0.0.32.exe and read below before doing install

It is prefered that you do not click Launch on the final
installation Window, instead click the X at the top right.  If
you clicked launch (don't worry nothing wrong can happen), close
Trillian 5 down first.  Next copy precracked exe from the Crack
folder to the installed folder of Trillian 5 Pro, making sure to
overwrite the existing file.  If you have already setup your
account with a previous version then your done, if not follow on
to Step #2 below

Step #2

Launch Trillian 5 Pro and Register a new Trillian Account.  Fill
out required information (real email is needed for confirmation
and make sure to UNCHECK I have previously purchased Trillian
Pro.  Check your email and get confirmation code.  Apply code and
now continue to setup your IM accounts.  You now how a fully
registered version of Trillian 5 Pro  Also remember the Trillian
Account IS REQUIRED for your settings to be saved

Thats it  Enjoy

T E  2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code