 http://bayimg.com/EaJeIAaDn

Twin Falls Idaho (1999) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0162830/

Twin Falls Idaho is a 1999 independent film directed by Michael Polish, who co-wrote and co-stars in the film with his identical twin brother, Mark Polish.

  Mark Polish  ...  Blake Falls  
  Michael Polish  ...  Francis Falls  
  Michele Hicks  ...  Penny  
  Jon Gries  ...  Lawyer Jay Harrison  
  Patrick Bauchau  ...  Miles, a Doctor  
  Garrett Morris  ...  Jesus  
  William Katt  ...  Surgeon  
  Lesley Ann Warren  ...  Francine  
  Teresa Hill  ...  Sissy  
  Robert Beecher  ...  D'Walt, the Elevator Operator  
  Jill Andre  ...  Waitress  
  Ant  ...  Tre  
  Holly Woodlawn  ...  Flamboyant at Party  
  Sasha Alexander  ...  Miss America  
  Socorra Mora  ...  Guadelupe  

Twin Falls Idaho is not a freak show. As Michele Hicks’ Penny notes to a friend, the twins aren’t ugly at all, rather beautiful even. Conjoined-ness aside, they're not even particularly weird. The movie’s more interested in exploring what it means to be connected to another human being – using the twins’ physical dependence as a metaphor for spiritual and emotional dependence – than about satisfying any sick fascinations viewers might have with looking at that which is not the norm. Real-life identical twins Michael and Mark Polish, acting as both writers and stars, never play the twins for shock value, concentrating instead on defining each twin’s individual personality, even while communicating how in tune they are with one another. The writing’s a little uneven, occasionally indulging in obvious metaphors and awkward monologues that are pretty shamelessly intended to break your heart, but for the most part, there’s a lovely, dreamy quiet intimacy to both the storytelling and the cinematography that really lulls you in.

In lesser hands, TWIN FALLS IDAHO would be a perfectly terrible picture. However, the Polish brothers, identical twins themselves and therefore familiar with the unique dynamic between twins, have meticulously researched the even more unique relationship that exists when such twins are conjoined. As a result, they have crafted a quiet, elegaic, and profoundly sweet characterization of two people with the closest relationship possible between two people. With their long, brooding faces, reminiscent of a young Bruce Springsteen, and quiet modulated voices, they project an almost hypnotic quality. Michelle Hicks, as Penny, looks like a prettier version of Madonna, and seems to gain confidence in her performance as the film progresses, and eventually, we come to believe in her sincerity. 

The film is slowly-paced yet strangely riveting. There is no plot to speak of, and yet the film flows along, gradually pulling the viewer into the lives of its strange protagonists. Lit like a Dutch painting, even the brothers' dingy hotel room has a strange, greenish beauty. 

Because of the film's flowing pace, the introduction of additional characters is somewhat jarring. Patrick Bauchau, as the doctor who tends to the brothers, fits into the film's quiet themes. Garrett Morris, although he provides a more extroverted comic note than that of the brothers' quiet, wry humor, seems as out of place in this film as the garish jackets he wears. 

But it is perhaps the presence of Lesley Anne Warren, as the brothers' estranged mother, who provides the film's only weak note. I have never understood why this particular actress has received the recognition she has, for ever since her television appearance as Cinderella, I have winced every time I've seen her on a screen. When she is on screen, the film descends into a painful mawkishness. 

However, this is really just a minor complaint, and is significant only because the rest of the film is so interesting and so strangely compelling. Comparisons with Joel and Ethan Coen, the pioneers of close-brother filmmaking are inevitable. Although the Polish brothers demonstrate a more straightforward style of filmmaking without the cinematic tricks that are the Coen brothers' trademark, they show here an ability to create far more fleshed-out characters, people with whom an audience can become involved. I'm not sure who the audience for TWIN FALLS IDAHO will be, but the Polish brothers show potential here to utilize their unique relationship and complimentary skills as filmmakers to be a formidable team in the future. 

If this sounds fascinating, it’s nothing compared to the cinematography, production design and make-up, which all look way beyond the budget of this low-budget film. It’s all top notch. As Penny explores Blake’s conjoined body, rubbing his stomach and painting his toe nails, you can’t help but feel, like Penny, how strangely sensual these humans are. It’s hard to look at, yet harder to look away.

The best thing about this film is the acting. You buy these twins from the second you see them, and your heart goes out to them. They’re drawn richer than any other handicapped characters in recent Hollywood movies, (including Shine, Rainman, and Forrest Gump). Newcomer Michelle Hicks will also be the next big star to be discovered in a Sundance movie, as she is handles all the emotional turns with charm and wit. Twin Falls Idaho was picked up for distribution by Sony Classics and will be one of the big hits of the 1999 indie film world


