Artist: The Crystal Caravan
Title: Against The Rising Tide
Release date: 2010-10-28
Format:  CD
Catalogue No: TRANS065
Label: Transubstans Records
Distribution : Record Heaven / Border

www.crystalcaravan.se

No rest for retrorockers The Crystal Caravan from Sweden. One year after the critically acclaimed debut \"The Crystal Caravan\", the band releases their second album \"Against The Rising Tide\" on Transubstans Records / Record Heaven. The record is mixed by Henrik Oja (The Spacious Mind, Isolation Years, The Perishers, Masshysteri and others) in the Second Home Studio in Umeå. Release date is October 28.

\"Against The Rising Tide\" was recorded in two hot summer weeks in an old chapel in Renholmen, north of Byske, Sweden. The Crystal Caravan wanted access to the sweaty, intense live feeling that has come to distinguish them from other drier, more boring bands. In the chapel in Renholmen drums, guitars, bass and organ could be recorded at the same time, which assured that the live feeling was kept intact. During two weeks of isolation, The Crystal Caravan put together an eight track rock masterpiece that shouldn\'t leave anyone unmoved.

From the opening track, the bombastic \"We Always Lose\", through to the final, epic \"Wrecking Ball\": The Crystal Caravan \"Against The Rising Tide\" is saturated by the pure joy of playing rock music, captured on record.


----


The Crystal Caravan is a seven-member rock band from Umeå, Sweden, and stands with one foot in sixties rock and the other on the moon. 2002 marks the start of the Crystal Caravan. Founders and guitarists Björn Lohmander and Stefan Bränberg are still in the band. The Crystal Caravan took it\'s present form in 2006 with both organist Jonas Lindskold and percussionist Annika Bränberg joining forces. Bass player Pierre Svensson and vocalist Niklas \"RG\" Gustafsson joined the Crystal Caravan in 2005. Drummer Christopher Olsson was the last piece of the puzzle. The Crystal Caravan made it\'s first German tour in February 2010. The highlight of the tour was a sweaty, memorable gig at White Trash in Berlin.

----

Track list:

01 - We always lose
02 - Love and direction
03 - Apple hotel
04 - I \'m a stone
05 - Focus
06 - Blue blues
07 - Take what\'s yours
08 - Wrecking ball
