[HotLegsAndFeet./ DDFProd.] Abbie Cat, Alexa, Kitty Cat (Body sushi & creamed nylon! / 31.12.2011)



Join Abbie Cat, Alexa, Kitty Cat and Frank M. in a frisky foursome that gives you the best girl-girl, boy-girl, and fetish-fulfilling action we've seen in a long time! Abbie and Frank M. are the guests at Alexa's "body sushi" New Year's Eve party, where Kitty Cat lays on the coffee table clad in pantyhose and an assortment of sushi rolls along her legs and tummy! Frank M. eats sushi right off her legs, then Alexa distracts him with her golden high heels and curvy calves. Soon she feeds him and Abbie sushi with her bare toes, before switching to stroking Frank's shaft with her sole. She directs his cock into Abbie's mouth with her feet, then suddenly Kitty gets up and blows Frank. We hope none of that lovely sushi went to waste!! Abbie and Kitty rub their nylon-clad feet on Frank's meat and then get into some girl-girl foot-sucking. Frank bangs Alexa while Abbie licks Kitty through her crotchless pantyhose. Even while she's got cock deep inside herself, Alexa remembers to feed her feet into Abbie's and Kitty's lips. Then Abbie fucks Kitty's pussy with her stockinged ped. Alexa enjoys Frank's pork while Kitty sucks her feet, then the girls all get down on the floor together while Frank has a drink. But his cock is wedged between Abbie's stocking feet, and soon he's fucking her pussy. Alexa sucks her own toes for awhile, before climbing on top of Frank's prick and riding him while Abbie and Kitty lick her feet. Alexa does an impressive split over Frank so that she can feed her feet to the girls on opposite sides of the couch. Then Kitty Cat, besides being the erstwhile body sushi girl, also takes Frank's cock up her ass, and she gets to lick up his cream after he squirts on all the ladies' feet, bare and nylon. An impressive performance, Kitty Cat! You're our Model of the Day.



Screens / More Info:


 
http://www.69bits.com/torrent/Fetish/44111/HotLegsAndFeet.-.Abbie.Cat.Alexa.Kitty.Cat.html