Oasis - Be Here Now [Mp3 320 kbps] TNT Village

.: Release Originale :.
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/index.php?showtopic=68552

Be Here Now is the third studio album by English rock band Oasis, released in August 1997. The album was highly anticipated by both music critics and fans after the band's worldwide success with their 1994 debut Definitely Maybe and its 1995 follow-up (What's the Story) Morning Glory?. Be Here Now's pre-release build up led to considerable hype within both the music and mainstream press. At that point, Oasis were at the height of their fame, and Be Here Now became the United Kingdom's fastest selling album to date, selling over 420,000 units on the first day of release, and over one million within two weeks. As of 2008, the album has sold eight million copies worldwide.

Oasis' management company Ignition were aware of the dangers of overexposure, and before its release sought to control the media's access to the album. Ignition's campaign included limiting pre-release radio airplay, and requesting that journalists sign gag agreements. These tactics resulted in the alienation of members of both the music and mainstream media, as well as many industry personnel connected with the band. Ignition's attempts to limit pre-release access served to fuel large scale speculation and publicity within the British music scene.

Although initial reviews were positive, retrospectively the album is viewed by much of the music press, the public, and by most members of the band as over-indulgent and bloated. In 2007, Q magazine, having given the album a five-star rave review on its release, described the fact that Be Here Now is often thought of as "a disastrous, overblown folly—the moment when Oasis, their judgement clouded by drugs and blanket adulation, ran aground on their own sky-high self-belief." The album's producer Owen Morris said of the recording sessions: "The only reason anyone was there was the money. Noel had decided Liam was a shit singer. Liam had decided he hated Noel's songs [...] Massive amounts of drugs. Big fights. Bad vibes. Shit recordings.

.: Cover :.
 
http://img80.imageshack.us/img80/4425/bhnwx3.jpg

.: TrackList :.

1. D'You Know What I Mean?
2. My Big Mouth
3. Magic Pie
4. Stand By Me
5. I hope,I think,I know
6. The Girl In The Dirty Shirt
7. Fade In-Out
8. Don't Go Away
9. Be Here Now
10. All Around the World
11. It's Getting Better Than(Man!!)
12. All Aroud The World (Reprise)

Oasis

    Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs – rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar
    Liam Gallagher – vocals
    Noel Gallagher – lead guitar, vocals
    Paul McGuigan – bass guitar
    Alan White – drums, percussion

Additional musicians

    Mark Coyle – backwards parts on "D'You Know What I Mean?"
    Johnny Depp – slide guitar on "Fade In-Out"
    Mark Feltham – harmonica on "All Around the World"
    Mike Rowe – keyboards