OLD TIME RADIO:


CANDY MATSON, YUKON 2-8209



Candy Matson was the private eye star of Candy Matson, YUkon 2-8209, an NBC West Coast show which first aired in March 1949 and was created by Monty Masters. He cast his wife, Natalie Parks, in the title role of this sassy, sexy PI. Her understated love interest, Lt. Ray Mallard, was played by Henry Leff while her assistant and best pal, aptly named Rembrandt Watson, was the voice of Jack Thomas.

Every show opened with a ringing telephone and our lady PI answering it with "Candy Matson, YU 2-8209" and then the organ swung into the theme song, "Candy". Each job took Candy from her apartment on Telegraph Hill into some actual location in San Francisco. The writers, overseen by Monty, worked plenty of real Bay Area locations into every plot.

Candy was bright, tough, and fearless. She used her pistol infrequently, but was unintimidated by bad guys, regardless of circumstances. Threats, assaults, and even bullets would usually produce a caustic, but clever, response for this blonde sleuth. She and Mallard were frequently working the same case, but she usually solved it first.

OTR experts generally agree that this show was the finest of all the female PIs. Although the show ran until May 1951, it never attracted a sponsor (although the first season's final episode ended with the announcement that "Candy Matson Is San Francisco's Most Popular Program").


NOTE: Updated Release! Version 1.1 includes date changes plus other miscellaneous changes (27-Feb-2011).




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: Candy Matson YUkon 2-8209
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Accurate
Certification Date: January 30, 2011
Certification Version: Version 1.1
Number of CDs: 1



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHERS GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.

OTRR Non-Certified -- A collection of shows that has not gone through the OTRR Certification process. 


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Candy_Matson_Ver1.1_CD_1of1.zip  ZIP  385.6 MB  
Image Files JPEG JPEG Thumb 
Candy Matson, YUkon 2-8209  127.0 KB 
 9.2 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Candy_Manson_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Candy_Manson_meta.xml  Metadata  5.4 KB  
OTRR_Certified_Candy_Manson_reviews.xml  Metadata  3.0 KB 
