JOHN FOGERTY BLUE MOON SWAMP
Label Geffen 
Orig Year 1997
Format:Flac

On his first album in 11 years, CCR mastermind Fogerty comes charging out of the gate with undiminished authority. Blue Moon Swamp is full of the straight-ahead roots-rock that made Creedence a legend. It's rumored that the recording of this album was painstakingly slow, with Fogerty spending months to get the right drum and guitar sound for each track. It's the mark of a true craftsman that for all it's intensive production and the large cast of guests, Blue Moon Swamp still sounds like Fogerty just ambled into the studio with a few pals and laid it all down.

While there are a few stylistic diversions, like the Tex-Mex-flavored "Bring It Down To Jelly Roll," the bulk of the material is virtually identical in approach and tone to that of Fogerty's glory days. The amazing thing is that he never sounds tired or stale. If anything, he sounds more self-assured and powerful than on his previous solo outings. When Fogerty trots out the tremolo-guitar intro to "A Hundred And Ten In The Shade," you can feel the pure, blues-inflected rock and roll inspiration that lies at the heart of his finest work.


Tracklist
1Southern Streamline3:56 
2Hot Rod Heart3:26 
3Blueboy4:04 
4Hundred and Ten in the Shade, A4:19 
5Rattlesnake Highway4: 
6Bring It Down to Jelly Roll2:37 
7Walking in a Hurricane3: 
8Swamp River Days 3:37 
9Rambunctious Boy 3:52 
10Joy of My Life3:52 
11Blue Moon Nights2:33 
12Bad Bad Boy4: 26

Personnel: John Fogerty (vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, lap steel guitar, dobro, bouzouki, mandolin, sitar, organ, tambourine); Donald "Duck" Dunn, Howie Epstein, John Clayton, Michael Rhodes , Phil Chen, Bob Glaub (bass instrument); Kenny Aronoff (drums, percussion); Chester Thompson , Jeff Donavan, Eddie Bayers, Chad Smith , Vinnie Colaiuta (drums); Luis Conte (claves, maracas, tambourine, percussion).

The Waters: Julia Waters, Maxine Waters, Oren Waters (background vocals).

The Fairfield Four includes: James Hill, Isaac Freeman (background vocals).

The Lonesome River Band: Ronnie Bowman, Don Rigsby, Kenny Smith (background vocals).
