As I Die Lying - Scott Nicholson


Product Description
Richard's life is a horror story. And it's all the fault of that evil, soul-hopping spirit that took over his head. Or maybe the other four people in there.

Richard Coldiron journeys through a troubled childhood, where he meets his invisible friend, his other invisible friend...and then some who aren’t so friendly. 

There’s Mister Milktoast, the protective punster; Little Hitler, who leers from the shadows; Loverboy, the lusty bastard; and Bookworm, who is thoughtful, introspective, and determined to solve the riddle of Richard’s disintegration into either madness or genius, and of course only makes things worse. They reside in the various rooms of his skull, a place known as the Bone House. And the people outside his head aren't so comforting, either--little Sally, his hapless mother, his cruel dad, and a misfit teen named Virginia who also hears voices.

Richard keeps his cool despite the voices in his head, but he’s about to get a new tenant: the Insider, a malevolent soul-hopping spirit that may or may not be born from Richard’s nightmares and demands a co-writing credit and a little bit of foot-kissing dark worship.

Now Richard doesn’t know which voice to trust. The book’s been rejected 117 times. The people he loves keep turning up dead. And here comes the woman of his dreams.

----
A dark romantic thriller in the style of Chuck Palahniuk, Jeff Lindsay's "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" series, and Bret Easton Ellis.

Scott Nicholson,, is author of 12 other paranormal, mystery, and suspense thrillers, including the #1 Kindle bestsellers LIQUID FEAR, DISINTEGRATION, THE RED CHURCH, and THE SKULL RING. Learn more about Scott's work at www.hauntedcomputer.com or at Author Central.

"Fast paced and always creepy, this is one author that aims to kill and never misses.” – Jeremy Robinson, author of INSTINCT and THRESHOLD

"Always surprises and always entertains."--Jonathan Maberry, Patient Zero

"Keep both hands on your pants, because Nicholson is about to scare them off."--JA Konrath, Shaken 


Enjoy!