Title: Noviembre aka November 
Year: 2003 
Country: Spain 
Language: Spanish 
Source: DVDRIP 
Size: 701 MB 
Genre: Drama / Comedy 
Runtime: 104 min 
Resolution: 608 x 256 
Bitrates: 128kbps 
Video Codec: XVID 
Audio Codec: MP3 
Directed by: Achero Mañas 
Starring: 
Óscar Jaenada ... Alfredo 
Ingrid Rubio ... Lucía 
Javier Ríos ... Juan 
Juan Díaz ... Daniel 
Adriana Domínguez ... Alicia 
Jordi Padrosa ... Imanol 
Núria Gago ... Helena 
Juanma Rodríguez ... Pedro 
Héctor Alterio ... Yuta 
Paloma Lorena ... Lucía 
Angel Facio ... Juan 
Juan Margallo ... Daniel 
Amparo Valle ... Alicia 
Fernando Conde ... Imanol 
Amparo Baró ... Helena 

IMDB Link:  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0376800/ 


Plot: Impelled by a spirit which still preserves a patina of idealism, Alfredo arrives in Madrid intent on creating "a performance which is freer, straight from the heart, capable of making people feel alive". His concept of what theater should be begins beyond the stage, out in the streets face to face with the public. Outdoors, in any town square, in a park or in the city's most commercial street, Alfredo and his troupe NOVEMBER start the show: demons to provoke passers-by, displays of social conscience, actions taken to the extreme to put the forces of law and order on full alert. There are no limits, no censorship; only ideas which are always valid so long as the public ceases to be the public and becomes part of the show swept by surprise, fear, tears or laughter. (IMDB) 


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, FRENCH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE. 



Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ	