Anal Acrobats 7 (2011) [HDRip]
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/3003877D7_Anal_Acrobats_7_dvd.htm

Title: Anal Acrobats 7
Year: 2011
Category: Anal
Starring: Jayda Diamonde, Sean Michaels, Proxy Paige, Roxy Raye, Hotkinkyjo, Timo Hardy, Alysa, Isabella Clark, Anita Hengher, Omar Galanti, Kinky Niky
Studio: Evil Angel
Duration: 3 Hours 53 Minutes

Description: 
In director Jay Sin's ass-packed two-disc Butt Bonanza "Anal Acrobats 7," his infamous anal extreme stunt work, the rectal operations represents a perverse cast of sensual asshole athletes. Slim shows Hotkinkyjo hot anal outrageous talents - she fills her enormous rear cavity with several massive sex toys and big vegetables, and a suction pump swells visibly threatening its internal ass meat! Wildemann Timo Hardy dominated the anal debutante, pushing objects in their gut with his erect cock. Next, baby-faced blonde Jayda Diamonde some hard-core acrobatics with her ​​bald pussy and well-trained sphincter, huge balls pushed out of her anus, then she takes on Sean Michaels' huge black cock in a hot interracial suck-and-ass-fuck session, Jayda deserves a full mouthful of sperm. Dressed in native costumes, Alysa, Anita and Isabella Clark shares Hengher Omar Galanti's fat schlong in a seasonal festival of anal gaping, ass-to-mouth cocksucking and rim jobs. They use large toys and, accordingly, large, blunt-stretching Russian dolls! Spunky young American lesbians Proxy Paige and Roxy Raye rim each other with melting candy suckers and all day, creating a sticky, drooling, sugary mess up their nasty wrinkles prolapse Roxy is bright red flowers. Finally Hotkinkyjo and Alysa return for an all-girl soccer theme "Super Bowel" Threesome with strap-on swinging blonde Nasty Niky. Hotkinkyjo sets a new world record for balls in her asshole. With bonus footage and outtakes crazy, "Anal Acrobats 7" shows the gaping edge of the high-stakes ass play!


Format: WMV
Quality: HDRip
Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 1024x576 29.97fps
Audio: AAC 44100Hz stereo 1411kbps
Size: 2.85 GB