
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/518yiaekVBL.jpg


Title: Capitol Gold: The Best of Minnie Riperton
Artist: Minnie Riperton
Audio CD (June 29, 1993)
Original Release Date: June 29, 1993
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: R&B
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Perfect Angel
02. Lover and Friend (Single Version)
03. Memory Lane (Single Version)
04. Woman of Heart and Mind
05. Lovin You
06. Young Willing and Able
07. Can You Feel What Im Saying
08. Stick Together
09. Wouldnt Matter Where You Are
10. Stay in Love
11. Inside My Love
12. Here We Go
13. Give Me Time (Single Version)
14. You Take My Breath Away
15. Adventures in Paradise
16. Simple Things
17. Light My Fire


Amazon Review:
Minnie Ripertons untimely death from breast cancer (in 1979 at the age of 32) robbed the world of one its truly great, truly distinctive voices. Her operatically-trained, five-octave instrument was the very model of beauty and control. Consequently, her signature tune, Lovin You, is likely the breeziest bit of pop you may ever hear. In addition to her own songs, Riperton also makes light work of material as lovely and strong as Stevie Wonders Perfect Angel and Joni Mitchells Woman of Heart and Mind. The only misstep on this collection, in fact, is yet another unnecessary take of The Doors Light My Fire.

Allmusic Review:
Until 1999s Free Soul (Capitol) and 2001s exhaustive but more excellent overall Petals (The Right Stuff) came along, Capitol Gold offered the best summation of this true originals horribly undervalued solo career. As with Free Soul, Capitol Gold leaves a significant gap by excluding the best moments from Minnie Ripertons debut (Come to My Garden), an album that was released on GTR. This issue would be rectified by The Right Stuff, a subsidiary of Capitol, for Petals. Still, Capitol Gold makes for a fine substitute introduction to Riperton; it includes all of her significant singles and a good survey of album tracks that didnt receive the notice they deserved when they were originally released.