Devo - The Day My Baby Gave Me a Surprise [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "The Day My Baby Gave Me a Surprise" is a single from Duty Now for the Future, the second album by United States New Wave band Devo, released in 1979. It was on the Billboard charts for 10 weeks, peaking at #73.

A seminal New Wave synthpop album, Duty Now for the Future was eventually heralded as one of the first pop/rock or AOR releases of a major record label to rely heavily on synthesizers, which went on to be widely used in the subsequent New Wave genre of the 1980s. As an offshoot of punk rock, New Wave music had consisted primarily of guitar-based songs derived from traditional rock and roll and blues scales and riffs, as represented by Devo's punk contemporaries The Sex Pistols, The Ramones and The Clash.

Legendary Punk Rock icon Henry Rollins is among the many musicians that praise the album's innovations. Rollins' short-lived Infinite Zero reissue label (an offshoot of American Recordings) was responsible for the first U.S. CD release of Duty Now for the Future in 1994. The album had been continually overlooked by original label Warner Brothers.

Devo is an American band formed in 1973 consisting of members from Kent and Akron, Ohio. The classic line-up of the band includes two sets of brothers, the Mothersbaughs (Mark, Bob, and Jim) and the Casales (Gerald and Bob). The band had a #14 Billboard chart hit in 1980 with the single "Whip It", and has maintained a cult following throughout its existence. Their style over time has shifted between punk, art rock, post-punk, and New Wave. Their music and stage show mingle kitsch science fiction themes, deadpan surrealist humor, and mordantly satirical social commentary. Their often discordant pop songs feature unusual synthetic instrumentation and time signatures that have proven influential on subsequent popular music, particularly New Wave, industrial and alternative rock artists. Devo was also a pioneer of the music video, creating many memorable clips for the Laser Disc format, with "Whip It" getting heavy airplay in the early days of MTV.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_Now_for_the_Future 
      
http://bayimg.com/eaKgaAAdn 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video : MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 7000kbps
   Audio1: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Audio2: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:02:35


NOTE: audio2 has commentary from the band on the making of this promo video.
*To change the audio in "Media Player Classic", just go to "Navigate" then 
"Audio Language" and choose between the 2 sources*




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated July 22, 2011

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	