

                         WARNING-WARNING-WARNING


   WARNING-WARNING-WARNING                  WARNING-WARNING-WARNING


This is the installer and Serial.      BUT

Must be installed exactly as the README says. Theirs new counter measure out now for thier software.I take no personal responsibilty for any damage to your FSX installation or what eve.

I just installed this exactly as it read and it WORKS 110%




Follow the instructions Last but no Least than ENJOY your Software.Thier new counter measure want to mess with your illegal aerosoft installations.But thiers away around everything.





German Airports 1 - Stuttgart X (FSX+FS2004)


 The first airport of German Airports 1 is now \"ready for departure\" in Microsoft Flight Simulator. In good tradition, the award winning German Airports team provides this scenery of Stuttgart airport in a stunning quality.
This add-on of Stuttgart airport represents the latest status of development of the real airport. The buildings, the layout of the runways and taxiways as well as the navaids are exactly as they are in reality. Numerous new buildings and the newly built exhibition center right next to the airport have also been included.

A photo real ground texture has been used for the base of the scenery to ensure a real life feeling of the airport. The terrain has been edited to be compatible with other add-ons such as „Scenery Germany 1“,„German Landmarks“ and “Ultimate Terrain Europe“. One of many highlights of this scenery are the Dynamic Airport Enhancement Services AESLite which brings a near to life virtual reality into the scenery with its vehicles on the apron and on the near motorways!
 
Many years of experience in creating virtual airport sceneries have once again paid off and can bee seen in the new masterpiece of Stuttgart Airport which not only convinces with its rich details but also with a terrific frame rate. 

Features:

Detailed representation of the airport and close surroundings, incl. important objects
High resolution photorealistic ground textures, based on aerial images
Authentic 3D models of all airport buildings and facilities
Aicraft Parking and Information System (APIS)
Including all navaids (ILS,VOR/DME,NDB,ATIS)
Amazing night effects
Fully acurate runway and taxiway lights
Dynamic vehicles on the aprons and motorways by AESLite
Many scenery effects
Seasonal ground textures
FSX- and FS2004 version included
Complete manual (German, English) with additional information about the airport
Original airport charts


System requirements for FSX:
Microsoft Flight Simulator X (SP2, Acceleration Pack or Gold Edition)
Windows 7/Vista/XP (SP2)
3 GHz processor (Dual Core recommended)
2 GB RAM (4 GB recommended)
3D graphics card wit at least 256 MB (512 MB recommended)
Download-Size: 110 MB
Installations-Size: 250 MB



My install went off without a Hitch.


Read and Follow the Read Me fellers.It\'s an easy install.Just a couple of steps and a few deletions and your Good To Go.