Original Title: Обыкновенный фашизм
Title: Ordinary Fascism
General Information:
Genre: Documentary
Year: 1965
Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059529/
IMDB Rating: 8.4/10
Source: DVD5
Menus: Untouched
Extras: Untouched
Length: 138 min.
Bitrate: 4000 kbps
Tags: michael romm, fascism, ii world war, soviet cinema, documentary
Video Information:
Video Type: PAL
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Audio Information:
Audio Format: Russian mono
Languages: Russian
Subtitles: Spanish (custom), English (custom)

Description: Source Imdb
It is hard to draw parallels between this brilliantly narrated compilation of both Allied and Third Reich's archive films and Hollywood's productions such as "Schindler's List" or "Jakob the Liar". While the latter present limited, sanitized and artificial-looking depictions of life under the Nazi rule, Romm's "Ordinary Fascism" pulls out all the stops in its selection of documentary material to draw the viewer not only into absolute horror about fascism and nazism in the 1920s-1940s Europe, but also to a firmest of convictions that nothing of the sort should be allowed to happen again anywhere in the world.

Note the timing: the film was released in 1965, in the Soviet Union's heyday at the height of the great societal and intellectual "thaw" that followed the Stalin's death and the denunciation of Stalin's totalitarianism by Nikita Khruschev. Never explicitly mentioning any of them explicitly, the film targets tyranny and despotism no matter what form they may take; the release of such a film would have been impossible under Stalin.

A good indicator of the power of this film could be the fact that it is available in most video stores in Germany
Additional Information:
Extra Info: Director: Mikhail Romm
Writers: Yuri Khanyutin, Mikhail Romm.
Stars: Mikhail Romm, Marlene Dietrich and Josef Goebbels.
Narrator: Mikhail Romm

Some notes on Romm´s biography:

Mikhail Romm was born in 1901, into a Russian-Jewish family, in the Siberian city of Irkutsk, Russia. He served in the Red Army in 1918-21 as an Inspector of the Special Forces for Food Supplies. He was in charge of confiscations of bread and food from the wealthier farmers (kulaks) in Central Russia. Romm later was avoiding any discussions regarding this painful memories, though he used his experience in the films about Lenin...

Extra Info: Feel free to upload this film everywhere you can or want. Co-seeding is always welcome. As it was used to be said...

Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Article 19 
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers. 