Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:       
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:       
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:       
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?u9v23bxuvwivfl3krdngcvx0k0   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?inhvh6tveiqkdbov190a19lx3dph face and breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?icc1uvhznbc61wicjddrmnsu9px  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wcwvov8ponpmhyavcs7a1xpcp88  ass  
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?esnmchcf5rvv9jemwmj4hupqaiqs vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?h7fzr4yu1677y0mekis5fykbqo   vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gl9g6j451n2divy3dgneijmlyt1r vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?0qp2m4hc9nsd67xdsixvzytzjk0w vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: N/A

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Madison came down for a quick visit to FTV, she is a more mature girl from Orange County in CA.  She very much wanted to pose for FTV, and my push was that she must be able to have a real orgasm on camera.  She called herself the 'orgasm queen', and it was sort of that way.  Some of you will love her, others not so much.  Very upbeat personality though.  It was a cold day, and we started with exactly what she was wearing when she came down off the plane.  She's definitely into 80's and 90's rock and had a sort of 80's look to her.  On a popular tourist hiking trail, she has her very first outdoor nudity experience, starting with flashing her breasts, then going to a more secluded area to play with herself.  After a group of people ended up approaching her right in the middle of her fingering herself (funny shock screenshot), we headed back so she could try on some outfits.  Putting on a couple of cute things for the camera, it helped me get an idea of what I'd like her to wear for the future photo/video sessions.  The green dress led to her masturbation video, where she started with the rabbit vibrator, having two strong orgasms (her whole body vibrates -- hence the subtitle for the coverpage).  The third orgasm you can see the contractions better, as there is no large toy pushed up inside her.  She gets bubbly wet inside, and there is one moment where she blows a bubble out of her vagina and it pops haha.  Here's a picture she emailed me when she was submitting her application: #1.  There were more photos but well... I lost the email.  Clip 3 is the warmup part of her masturbation, Clip 4 she has two orgasms with the rabbit, Clip 5 she has a third orgasm showing very strong contractions... almost seemed like she was about to squirt.  Some bubbly wetness, even 'blows a bubble' with her vagina at 2:25 of clip 5.

Model Comments: N/A

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  One of her combination outfits that struck me the most was her cherry top, panties, and headband.  Since she has a very 'clean' looking private area we started with some extreme closeups.  She tugs and pulls on her labia, them being very flexible, with some panty play in between.  Eventually taking off her panties, and doing something that she obviously had never done before, stuffing her panties.  Once completely inside, she pulls them out slowly and uses her hairband to pull it all out.  She also uses her vaginal muscles to try pushing the panties out.  She masturbates again, but (in my opinion) fakes this orgasm.  Seems that the first three orgasms wore her out.  She is a real-life secretary at a law firm, and so I had her put on the outfit exactly as she would at work (dress, heels, real prescription glasses, etc).  In the back seat of a Yukon Denali SUV, she gets interviewed, then she starts rubbing herself while we get to our location for a food stop.  Some more flashing at the restaurant at the end of the update.  There was more shot, but I felt that it wasn't flattering or interesting material, so I ended the shoot early.  The last clip in this update (clip5) is the 'outtakes' of what I felt wasn't main FTV material.