INFO

Are you ready to build the Greatest Midway on Earth? Summer nights, flashing lights, stomach churning rides, girls and guys all combine to make the perfect carnival. Attract them, thrill them, feed them, frighten them, and leave them yearning for more! Run your own traveling carnival. 

Genre: Simulation, Family

Release Date: 2 Jul 2007 

■Run your own traveling carnival. From ride construction to advertising to entertaining the masses, you run the show. 
■Choose from 25 different rides, 21 different locations, 12 food and drink stands, 10 games, 4 attractions and more! 
■Take on the challenge of Career Mode. Turn your earnings into better rides and bigger crowds, unlocking hidden locations as you become a Midway Tycoon. 
■Beat the bank and the clock in Mission Mode. Can you satisfy the throngs before time runs out? 
■It's more than fun and games. Spend your money wisely purchasing equipment, bathrooms and ticket booths as needed to minimize lines and angry patrons. 
■From Parking Lots to Big Shot - Start small building local fun fairs outside malls and grow your business one happy customer at a time on your way to running the State Fair. 
■Ride 'Em if you Got 'Em - Strap into any of the 25 different rides at your disposal and feel what your crowds feel as you plunge through the electrifying twist and turns.
■Come One - Come All! Choose from 10 games of chance and attractions -excite your patrons with everything from human cannonballs and monster truck shows to rings toss and balloon pops.
■Money Makes the Twirl Go Around! Maximize your money making potential by planning and constructing additional carnivals as the others are coming to a close.
■Keep the carnival goers happy and full! Choose, set-up and design your food and drink stations - 12 delicious food and drink stations options available!

System Requirements Minimum: 

Supported OS: Microsoft® Windows® 7/XP/Vista
Processor: Intel Pentium® 4 or AMD® Athlon™ 1.2 GHz or faster
Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® 2 or ATI® Radeon® video card with at least 64 MB of video memory and hardware transform and lighting 
Sound: Windows® compatible sound card 
DirectX Version: DirectX 9.0c or higher
Memory: 256 MB RAM
Hard Drive: 300 MB free hard disk space



HOW TO SETUP 

First click on either english or french or german folder, then in the folder just click RideCarnivalTycoonSetup and install it and your done. You can now play

Screens


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

              d  oooooo  u   u     d  eeeee
              d  o    o  u   u     d  e
              d  o    o  u   u     d  e
              d  o    o  u   u     d  eeeee
              d  o    o  u   u     d  e
          ddddd  o    o  u   u  dddd  e
          d   d  o    o  u   u  d  d  e 
          d   d  o    o  u   u  d  d  e
          ddddd  oooooo  uuuuu  dddd  eeeee