Thomas Levenson - Newton and the Counterfeiter


Read By: Kevin Pariseau



Genre: Non-Fiction - History/Biography



Unabridged: Yes



Runtime: 9h 32mn 2sec



Total Number of Audio Files: 9


Audio: MP3, 2-channel, 96 Kbps @ 48000 Hz, CBR




London, 1696. England is in the middle of an expensive war with France, and in economic meltdown. No one knows what to do.

The secretary to the Treasury has written to England's cleverest men asking for solutions. The King warns that war will fail unless the currency is stabilised. The cause? A criminal underclass of clippers and coiners.

In hidden rooms across London, men and women with shears were clipping the edges of coins and filing the edges smooth again. Silver coins had been clipped so many times since the "orgy of clipping" began around 1690 that the English coinage was half the weight it should have been. Much of it was being melted down and shipped to France where silver fetched higher prices than at home.

Enter Isaac Newton, who was frustrated with the poor results of a long and isolated campaign to discover ancient alchemical secrets and looking for a way to leave Cambridge after suffering a breakdown in 1693. He was one of many of the good and the great who responded to the secretary's call for help, and was appointed warden to the Mint. It was supposed to be a sinecure, but Newton worked like a man possessed. After several months acclimatising himself to London and learning the complex political machinery of the Mint, he turned his attention to breaking the stranglehold of the counterfeiters.

By the time Newton arrived in London in 1696, William Chaloner, the uneducated son of a provincial weaver, who had been apprenticed to a nail maker with a side business in counterfeiting and clipping, had a substantial house in Knightsbridge and an elaborate and highly successful counterfeiting business of his own. Only Newton, perhaps the one uncorrupted official in London, stood in the way, so Chaloner hatched an audacious plot to bring down not only the new warden but the Mint itself.


In Levenson's masterly hands, Chaloner emerges as an audacious criminal genius, a creature of a London described as a series of interconnected webs, a "swaying, shouting, shitting din -- exhilarating, terrifying and incomprehensible".

In this tangle of criminal entrepreneurship, everyone was dependent on everyone else. Each counterfeiter needed patrons and most people in positions of authority were on the game in some way, prepared to look away at the right moment, or to take bribes, or even to mastermind plots of their own.

Newton was incorruptible. For two years, he pursued Chaloner and other coiners with fury, patience and precision, employing an elaborate network of spies across London, even interviewing informants himself in backstreet pubs. He took his time, infiltrating gangs, pressuring witnesses, gathering statements, assembling a case against the master counterfeiter that no jury would dare to overturn. In 1698, the secretary of the Treasury, investigating claims that Chaloner was now printing fake lottery tickets, put a bounty on his head.

Chaloner was arrested, but even in Newgate, he continued to scheme and plot. When bribery failed, he begged Newton by letter, claiming he had been the victim of a revenge plot. When Newton did not reply, Chaloner tried to postpone his trial by feigning bouts of madness. Even in court, he "struggl'd and flounced about for Life, like a Whale struck with a Harping Iron". Two weeks after his conviction, Chaloner was hanged at Tyburn, "stinking, wet, cold and mercilessly sober".


The word "embroilment" appears several times in a series of deranged and paranoid letters that Newton sent to Locke and others during his breakdown. At Cambridge he had kept himself aloof, carefully avoiding connections and emotional ties. The fear of embroilment haunted him. But once he was in London he was well and truly embroiled, at the centre of a series of tangles that perhaps only he of all people -- brilliant, meticulous, relentless -- could unravel. Embroilment, it seemed, suited Newton.


This is novelistic history writing of the best kind. Admittedly, the connections that Levenson makes -- such as suggesting that Newton's fury was driven by his conviction that counterfeiting was a perversion of alchemical practices -- are sometimes overstretched. But the portrait he paints of a seemingly impenetrable London underworld and a genius making his way fearlessly into it in pursuit of a stable currency is mesmerising.


Enjoy and Seed!!