Lesbian Stories

Novels

PDF format

By Kate Genet

	: Scarcity

Teresa doesn't mind loneliness. It comes with the territory and she's learned to be particular about her privacy. She's learned that keeping to yourself is always the best option. Until Scarcity turns up. Teresa's never met anyone like her and it worries her how much she likes the girl's presence. What happens when two desperate, needy worlds collide? 

	: Silent Light

Michaela went to the lake house to lick her wounds. But being alone doesn't seem to be happening. Instead she meets the infuriating Trisha and soon doesn't know if she wants to strangle the woman - or kiss her. Worse, strange lights and a child's eerie laughter begin haunting the lake at night. What's going on and can Michaela and Trisha stop fighting long enough to find out? 

	: Turning Tide

Betty, married almost fifty years and tired, stares at the spiral made on the beach from rocks and shells. She’d seen two women on the beach last night – had they made this? Taking her annual holiday at the beach with her husband, she doesn’t know yet, but the spiral, symbol of regeneration and transformation, is going to make itself felt in her life. The tide is turning... 

	: Shadows Fall

Michaela and Trisha are both too stubborn to admit they miss each other. Even Trisha’s impulsive phone call for help degenerates into an argument. But why does Trisha need help? Michaela decides to fly back to the States to see what has the usually feisty Trisha worried enough to tell Michaela she needs her. 

	: The Colour Of Roses

Rosie’s mama is sick. When there’s no option left but the hospital, Rosie’s mom’s ex-lover comes to the rescue and brings Rosie, with no other family, to live with her. Rosie loves living with Jo again and they visit her mother every day. But what’s going to happen to Rosie when a social worker decides that some sorts of families just aren’t right? 


Please comment :) It will certainly help to improve the quality of the torrent.