  Young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville. 

Season 6, Episode 1: Zod
Original Air Date—28 September 2006
With Clark banished to the Phantom Zone, Metropolis is in shambles as the city riots, and Chloe & Lionel plot to rid Lex of General Zod...one way or another.
	
Season 6, Episode 2: Sneeze
Original Air Date—5 October 2006
Still trying to fix the aftermath of Black Thursday, Clark gets a little run down and begins to show symptoms of the common cold, including a sneeze that has some effects of its own. Meanwhile, someone kidnaps Lex.
	
Season 6, Episode 3: Wither
Original Air Date—12 October 2006
One of the Phantom Zone escapees is up to no good in the local forest. Clark is jealous of Chloe's new boyfriend from the paper. Meanwhile, Lana and Lex finally sleep together and Lois falls in love with Oliver Queen, Martha's benefactor.
	
Season 6, Episode 4: Arrow
Original Air Date—19 October 2006
Clark and Lois are on the trail of a thief that Lois has named the Green Arrow Bandit. But this "bandit" may not be as big a villain as they believe.
	
Season 6, Episode 5: Reunion
Original Air Date—26 October 2006
Classmates from Lex and Oliver's reunion begin to die, and they begin to blame each other.
	
Season 6, Episode 6: Fallout
Original Air Date—2 November 2006
Clark is thrilled when he learns that his friend, Raya, managed to escape from the Phantom Zone and has come to see him in Smallville. The two grow close and Raya shows Clark how to restore power to the Fortress of Solitude. However, Baern, the spirit of a killer with the ability to control and feed off electricity, also has escaped from the Phantom Zone. After possessing the body of a street kid in Oakland, California, Baern makes his way to Smallville to take revenge on both Raya and Clark for his imprisonment. Meanwhile, Lana gathers more information about Lex's research project called ROCK. Also, Jimmy Olson returns to try to win back Chloe's affections by tailing Lana to find any dirt on Lex Luthor.
	
Season 6, Episode 7: Rage
Original Air Date—9 November 2006
Lois Lane is furious at lover Oliver Queen for leaving instead of waiting till she 'makes it worthwhile' but ignores he witnessed a thug attacking a couple and was badly wounded by the carjacker he fought off. Clark reads an article about the Green Arrow striking there and drops by finding Oliver uncharacteristically careless and irritable; his X-vision sees Olliver injecting himself. It's a wonder drug developed for Queen Industries by Dr. Pamela Black, which almost instantly restores damaged tissue, but the scientist advices in vain against taking significant doses because lab mouse trials prove a major aggressiveness side-effect. Lex is vehemently against Lana -whose health problems are soon diagnosed a happy surprise- taking charge of fund raising for a half-way house, without telling her his reason for fearing contact with its clients, even on few occasions: he bribed Dr. Black to administer the wonder drug to its problem youths, one of which was the car-jacker. Martha Clark insists to invite Lionel for the first Thanksgiving dinner after Jonathan's death.
	
Season 6, Episode 8: Static
Original Air Date—16 November 2006
Clark learns that one of the escapees from the Phantom Zone has landed in Seattle and slaughtered the entire crew of a working ship. Upon investigation, Clark comes face to face with a horrifying Phantom who sucks bones out of people, and a mysterious alien bounty hunter, intervenes on Clark's behalf. Back in Smallville, a patient with the ability to morph into different frequencies escapes for LuthorCorp's secret experimental lab, called 33.1 and seeks revenge on Lex by imprisoning him in another spatial period where he can see and hear everyone but no one can see him. Lana teams up with Chloe and Jimmy to try to find Lex before he is forever trapped in the alternate frequency plane of existence.
	
Season 6, Episode 9: Subterranean
Original Air Date—7 December 2006
An illegal immigrant from the Mc Nally farm seeks Clark's help. He than uncovers a sinister secret in the farmer's cornfield which has been hidden during the last meteor shower.
	
Season 6, Episode 10: Hydro
Original Air Date—11 January 2007
The Daily Planet's gossip queen Linda Lake uses her ability to transform herself into water to find the dirt on people and run her weekly saucy story, however detrimental for them. After bringing out baseball star Mike Dawson is doped, Lake drags him into a fountain pond staging suicide, which fan Jimmy Olsen convinces Chloe can't be true. Next Linda overhears Chloe and Lana about her doubts to accepts Lex's marriage proposal because she is not quit over Clark and prints it, to Lex's despair and making Clark realize he's not quit over Lana either. Lex promises Linda any price to find something against Clark, and Chloe has a hard time keeping his being Kryptonian secret, while it makes her furious that people tells her their secrets while complaining when refused another's secret. When Lois tells Clark she suspects Olliver of being the Green Arrow after seeing he has an arm wound at the same spot, but wants him to be innocent either way, he finds an original way to help both friends while she gets Jimmy to help her set a trap for Ollie. Lex is prepared to wait for his pregnant lover...
	
Season 6, Episode 11: Justice
Original Air Date—18 January 2007
The Green Arrow sends out for reinforcements and Bart Allan, a.k.a. Impulse, Arthur Curry (Aquaman) and Victor Stone (Cyborg) return to Smallville to help him take down LuthorCorp's secret lab called 'Project 33.1'. During a break-in at the LuthorCorp facility, Bart is captured and tortured by Lex for information to who hired him. Clark sets off to rescue him but is felled by kryptonite. An alarmed Chloe goes to Oliver for help, and the newly formed "justice league" springs into action to rescue Clark and Bart. Meanwhile, Oliver painfully decides to break up with Lois, feeling that his dedicating to justice is more important, but he leaves out that information from her.
	
Season 6, Episode 12: Labyrinth
Original Air Date—25 January 2007
Clark enters a parallel environment in his subconscious where he is powerless, no one believes the truth about him, and things have turned out much, much differently.
	
Season 6, Episode 13: Crimson
Original Air Date—1 February 2007
Clark once again becomes "under the influence" of red kryptonite, and will say his true feelings on such things as Lionel and Martha's relationship, and Lana's pregnancy, but there may be someone else that will get affected by the red k.
	
Season 6, Episode 14: Trespass
Original Air Date—8 February 2007
After receiving a photo of herself dressing in her room, Lana realizes she has a stalker. After hiding out in Chloe's apartment above the Talon, Lana decides to hide out at another surprising location: the Kent farm so Lana can try to find out more about Clark as she grows more suspicious of his abilities. Meanwhile, Jimmy helps Clark try to find Lana's stalker in which he eventually breaks up with Chloe because he believes she isn't truly over Clark, forcing Chloe to take a deep look at her feelings for her best friend.
	
Season 6, Episode 15: Freak
Original Air Date—15 February 2007
When Chloe spots a meteor freak at a bowling alley during a evening outing with Lana, she follows him and see him getting abducted. Chloe warns Clark and they investigate further. They uncover that one of their high school friends, named Tobais Rice, who is blind, but has meteor-rock powers and is being used by Lex to help him find meteor-rock infected people so he and his crew can research them at his super-secret lab called '33.1'. Meanwhile, Lana gets strenuously close to discovering Clark's secret when she suspects that Clark is a meteor-rock freak when she thinks that Tobias has targeted Clark. But everyone is in for a shock when Chloe ends up getting abducted for having unknown meteor-rock powers that she never knew had.
	
Season 6, Episode 16: Promise
Original Air Date—15 March 2007
Clark has second thoughts about Lana marrying Lex, Lana starts to have the same concerns. Meanwhile... the doctor involved in the secret behind Lana's pregnancy threatens Lex with his knowledge.
	
Season 6, Episode 17: Combat
Original Air Date—22 March 2007
Clark and Chloe discover that Titan, another alien escapee from the Phantom Zone, is the hulking star of a secret fight club whose bloody, bare-knuckle battles to the death are broadcast on the Internet. Lois smells a story and investigates on her own but is captured by fight manager-presenter Maddox, the Belle Reve administrator, and forced to become wrestler Athena's first opponent. To save Lois, Clark reveals his ability to catch bullets to Maddox so he can fight Titan, but is stunned to face Lois in the ring instead... Lana returns from her honeymoon with Lex, whose men are looking for Titan, but she's more uncertain about living the life of wealthy and power and has a traumatic miscarriage.
	
Season 6, Episode 18: Progeny
Original Air Date—19 April 2007
After Lex discovers that Chloe's mother, Moira, has the power to control meteor freaks, he develops a drug to wake her from her catatonic state in the asylum, then he threatens to kill Chloe unless she uses her power to help him recover several meteor-freak escapees from his lab '33.1'. Clark helps Chloe break into the asylum to rescue Moira and finally get to know her mother, and he is almost tempted to kill Lex, but lets him live... again. Meanwhile, Clark rescues Lana from one of Lex's 33.1 escapees, and she later discovers something shocking about her "pregnancy." Also, Chloe decides to write an article about Lex's 'Project 33.1', but Lex silences her by threatening to have her locked away unless she remains quiet about his secrets projects.
	
Season 6, Episode 19: Nemesis
Original Air Date—26 April 2007
After Jodi Keenan, the wife of a Special Forces soldier, sets off a pipe bomb in one of Lex's secret labs, Lionel is severely injured and Lex is taken hostage by the enraged spouse. Claiming Lex kidnapped her missing husband, Jodi threatens to blow up the entire lab with Lex inside unless he tells her where her husband is. Lex naturally denies knowing Jodi's husband, Wes, Clark sets off to rescue Lex, but is immediately felled by the kryptonite lining the earthen walls. Lex and Clark realize the only way they will make it out alive is by helping each other before the bomb detonates. Meanwhile, Lionel reveals to Lana why he forced her into marrying Lex, which leads her to investigate Lex's secret research of his 'Project 33.1' research as well as his work in tracking down the Phantom Zone escapees to capture and use one as part to create his army of 'super-human' soldiers.
	
Season 6, Episode 20: Noir
Original Air Date—3 May 2007
After a secret meeting with Lionel, Lana is shot at the Daily Planet by a mysterious gunman. Jimmy is knocked out while studying photographs of the scene and dreams about a 1940, black-and-white version, of Smallville. Jimmy finds himself playing the role of a reporter with Chloe his secretary, and a bumbling Clark also works there, as his sidekick. Jimmy's investigation leads him to Lana, who turns out to be a very evil femme fatale who plans to orchestrate the murder of her tycoon husband Lex by using Jimmy as the patsy. Jimmy's research further takes him to a notorious nightclub owned by Lionel Luther, and Lois is a sultry singer working at club who is having a fling with Lex to help him orchestrate the murder of Lana. Meanwhile, back in 2007, Clark discovers why Lana married Lex after Chloe learns it from Lana. Also, Lois further meddles in the shooting case by stealing a silver-lined cigarette case which holds a clue.
	
Season 6, Episode 21: Prototype
Original Air Date—10 May 2007
Lex has been secretly trying to turn Wes Keenan, a military man who supposedly died fighting in Afghanistan, into a "super soldier" by injecting him with DNA pulled from the various meteor freaks he has captured. After a crooked senator, Ed Burke, who has been financing the 'Project 33.1', threatens to expose Lex's secret labs, he dispatches Wes to kill the senator. But Lois witnesses the attack and inadvertently becomes the super soldier's next target. Meanwhile, Clark tries to convince Lana to leave Lex, but she refuses and Clark becomes more suspicious about Lionel's involvement with Lana's motivation. Following Senator Burke's murder, Martha is asked to be his replacement in Washington D.C. which means leaving Smallville (and Clark) behind.
	
Season 6, Episode 22: Phantom
Original Air Date—17 May 2007
When Clark finally discovers Lionel threatened to kill him unless Lana married Lex, he goes after Lionel to silence him once and for all. Meanwhile, Lana tells Lex she is leaving him, and John Jones, the Martian Manhunter, makes a return appearance to help Clark stop Lex, who has captured the last surviving phantom escapee from the Phantom Zone, having possessed a young boy, in order to use its DNA to power him army of super soldiers at his secret lab '33.1'. Clark bids goodbye to Martha as she prepares to leave Smallville for Washington D.C., and Clark finally reveals his secret to Lana to get her to stay in town. But when Lana mysteriously 'dies' in a car bombing.
 
http://www.postimg.com/44000/photo-43979.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/44000/photo-43977.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/44000/photo-43978.jpg

Best Season of Smallville, seed till your harddrive blow 