Mahabharata.1988.(Hindi+EngSubs)DVDrip.E29to32@mickjapa108

I Have Dedicated Server.

Hindi With English Subtitals Hard coded, I will be posting the whole Series

STORY SO FAR

Underhand methods result in tragedy However, if the truth is on one's side then Religion will also side with you
There are two types of politics, One based on the treasury & the other based on Truth. One serves the King's
personal interests, while the other serves the nation. The aim of the first is to be on the throne forever, while the
aim of the second is to remain in the hearts of the people. Both these alternatives can be seen clearly in the
politics of Hastinapur. Duryodhana, under the guidance of Shakuni is walking along the first road, Yuddhistir
follows his duty along the other road. Duryodhana has the royal treasury, while Yuddhistir has Religion. In that
sense, Mahabharat is the story of conflict between Materialism & philosophy. When the story finally ends people
will realize on which of the two roads one must walk. But listen to what Gandhari has to say.

Mahabharat is a successful Indian television series based on the ancient Indian epic Mahabharata.
The 94-episode series originally ran from 2 October 1988 to 24 June 1990.
It was produced by B. R. Chopra and directed by his son, Ravi Chopra The music was composed
by critically acclaimed music director Rajkamal.Each episode was approximately 45 minutes long.
It followed the highly successful Ramayan broadcast in 1987–1988.It was shown in the UK by the BBC,
where it achieved audience figures of 5 million, unheard of for a subtitled series being aired in the afternoon.
According to production team member Kishore Malhotra, the total cost of producing the series was Rs. 90,000,000.
An original dvd print ( all 78 episodes )with good sound and picture quality.

Resolution width= "440"
Resolution height= "369"
best viewed in 1024x768 resolution
Frame Rate : 30fps.
Data Rate : 140Kbps
Compression : avi
Category : Movies Religious drama
Genre : Drama
Created : Baldev Raj Chopra
Narrated by : Harish Bhimani
Language(s) : Hindi
Episodes : 94
Language : Hindi With English Subtitals Hard coded
Production SOURCE Vishnu Puran, Mahabharat (2008 TV series)
Running time : 45 minutes approx per episode, 3 Hours this torrent.
Original run : 2 October 1988