S K i D R O W

T H E L E A D i N G F O R C E

proudly presents
Left Behind 3: Rise of the Antichrist / LB Games

RELEASE DATE : 10-12-2010 PROTECTION : Serial + Auth
GAME TYPE : Strategy DISKS : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.

twice the fun \/ double the trouble

On with the game release information:

LEFT BEHIND 3: Rise of the Antichrist is a real-time strategy
game based on the best-selling LEFT BEHIND book series,
created by Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins. Join the ultimate
fight of Good versus Evil, commanding the Tribulation Forces,
the Global Community Peacekeepers and the American Militia!

In the third chapter of the Left Behind PC Game series, gamers
will enjoy all new building graphics, improved missions and
over 40 new interactive movies to enhance the storyline.

The game includes 46 single player missions including
tutorials, 3 multiplayer modes, 39 maps, and a robust skirmish
mode allowing you to play against the computer by yourself or
with up to 7 friends online.

Geared toward players of all ages 13 and up, three levels of
computer difficulty will challenge even the most experienced
RTS gamer. Easy to understand controls and a comprehensive
tutorial will ease even the most inexperienced gamer into a
thriving, relasitic depiction of a future New York City on the
brink of World War III.

All new enhanced building graphics depict a thriving future
New York City.

Over 40 new interactive movies to enhance the storyline and
bring you closer to the action.

Combat the Antichrist's forces on two battle fronts - physical
and spiritual warfare: Use the power of prayer and worship to
resist spiritual influences and defend against their physical
attacks.

Control more than 40 unit types, each developed with unique
attributes, special abilities, and witness Angelic appearances
and Demonic battles as a direct result of your choices.

Over 40 new interactive movies to enhance the storyline and
bring you closer to the action.

Choose to play with up to 7 friends for free! Play with your
friends against the computer in skirmish mode or team up with
the computer to defeat your friends.

Featuring an original soundtrack by award-winning composer,
Chance Thomas (King Kong, Avatar, Lord of the Rings).

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
5. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]