General Information
Book........................Goodbye, Mr Chips
Author.....................James Hilton
Narrator..................Martin Jarvis
Genre.......................Literary Classic

File Information
Source.....................1 Audible -DRM protected (Digital Rights Management) File
Encoder...................Fraunhofer[FhG] - Using dBpoweramp
Converted to...........32 kbit/s CBR | 22,050 Hz | Mono
No.of MP3 Files......2 files of one Hour duration (or thereabouts)
Total Size................29.5 MB
Total Runtime.........2 Hours 10 Mins
Tweaked by….............OldScotsman
Date..........................26-October-2011

Comments.
This is one of my favourite all time short books and to top it all, it is performed by one of my favourite narrators, Martin Jarvis. You won't regret downloading this, trust me.

About The Book
"Goodbye, Mr. Chips" is an acknowledged masterpiece, holding a unique and enduring place in world literature. It was also made into a film starring Robert Donat and Greer Garson winning the Oscar for Best Film in 1939. In this complete and unabridged audio version the listener is taken on a beguiling journey; the life and times of Mr. Chipping, classics master at Brookfield school since 1870. Sometimes Chips is an old man, dreaming by the fire. Then, a diffident young master taking 'prep' for the first time or middle-aged and encountering Katherine, whose 'new woman' opinions create far-reaching changes in him. Hilton's masterly narrative interweaves a heart-wrenching love story with the jokes and uncertain world emerge, full of conflict and upheaval, far beyond the turrets of Brookfield.


About The Author
James Hilton (9 September 1900 – 20 December 1954) was an English novelist who wrote several best-sellers, including Lost Horizon and Goodbye, Mr. Chips. Born in Leigh, James Hilton was the son of John Hilton, the headmaster of Chapel End School in Walthamstow. Hilton wrote his two most remembered books, Lost Horizon and Goodbye, Mr. Chips while living in a rather ordinary semi-detached house on Oak Hill Gardens, Woodford Green. The house still stands, with a blue plaque marking Hilton's residence. He was married twice, first to Alice Brown and later to Galina Kopineck. Both marriages ended in divorce. He died in Long Beach, California from liver cancer. Hilton found literary success at an early age. His first novel, Catherine Herself, was published in 1920, when he was 20. Several of his books were international bestsellers and inspired successful film adaptations, notably Lost Horizon (1933), which won a Hawthornden Prize; Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1934); and Random Harvest (1941).


About The Reader
Martin Jarvis is the perfect reader, as his lilting and soothing voice carries listeners along on a swell of nostalgia, leaving them wishing that they could have been there to celebrate all of Mr Chipping's happiness with him.
Martin is a distinguished actor with a very long career and is probably best known for his radio work - his voice is a staple of Radio 4. With his wife Rosalind Ayres, he runs Jarvis and Ayres Productions, which produces dramas, readings and audiobooks. For this, and his other work, Martin was honoured with an OBE for his services to drama in 2000. Martin often steps behind the mike himself, and has narrated dozens of audiobooks and readings, including versions of Richmal Crompton's William books, Kafka's Metamorphosis, P.G. Wodehouse's Carry On Jeeves, and 101 Dalmations. Martin's TV debut was in Doctor Who in 1965, playing a giant butterfly in The Web Planet. A couple of years later he played Jolyon Forsyte in The Forsyte Saga. Since then, his many TV parts have included Oliver, the main lead, in 1978 sitcom Rings On Their Fingers, Uriah Heep in David Copperfield, and Jeeves in the TV version of Alan Ayckbourn's musical By Jeeves!

All the above information including the picture I have inserted into the ID3 tags on the MP3 files so if you have ticked “Show pop-up descriptions for folder and desktop items” under the View tag in FOLDER OPTIONS, you should be able to read them and see the picture by simply passing the mouse cursor over the files. 


Enjoy and Seed!!