Two books by Jim Marrs.

The Rise of the Fourth Reich

The Trillion Dollar Conspiracy

Throw out everything you think you know about history. Close the approved textbooks, turn off the corporate mass media, and whatever you do, don't believe anything you hear from the government. The Rise of the Fourth Reich reveals the truth about American power.

In this explosive exposÉ, the legendary Jim Marrs explores the frighteningly real possibility that today, in the United States, an insidious ideology thought to have been vanquished more than a half century ago is actually flourishing. At the end of World War II, ranking Nazis, along with their young and fanatical protÉgÉs, used the loot of Europe to create corporate front companies in many countries, worming their way into corporate America. They brought with them miraculous weapons technology that helped win the space race. But they also brought their Nazi philosophy based on the authoritarian premise that the end justifies the means—including unprovoked wars of aggression and curtailment of individual liberties—which has since gained an iron hold in the "land of the free."

Jim Marrs has gathered compelling evidence of the effort that has been under way for the past sixty years to bring a form of National Socialism to modern America, creating in essence a new empire-or "Fourth Reich"! 
 
http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Fourth-Reich-Societies-Threaten/dp/0061245593/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1309039519&sr=8-3

According to Marrs, America has become a zombie nation, going "through the motions in commerce, politics, health and education, but without a spark of life, verve, or enthusiasm." For this he posits an enormous "money cult" conspiracy involving New World Order culprits like the Trilateral Commission, John D. Rockefeller, the Illuminati, Bertelsmann, and the TSA. He levels accusations at our current "Marxist socialist," "possibly" fascist government, and quotes from countless sources, both mainstream and not. In Marrs's view, the economic collapse was an orchestrated effort to heap debt upon Americans and keep them in a zombie-like state. Believing that Orwell's "1984 vision of psychological and electronic tyranny is almost upon us," Marrs proposes remedies such as reciting the Pledge of Allegiance in schools and Congress, reviewing NAFTA and the WTO for Constitutional violations, rescinding hate crime laws, and legalizing marijuana. Returning often to the founding fathers, and dipping into a deep history that includes 11th-century China and the time of Christ, Marrs's vast accumulation is equal parts alternate history and boilerplate conspiracy polemic. END --This text refers to the Hardcover edition.
 
http://www.amazon.com/Trillion-Dollar-Conspiracy-Man-Made-Diseases-Destroying/dp/0061970697/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1309039519&sr=8-1