

After some time using the computer will generate many errors, the system's operation may be slower. Thus, detection and error handling to help the system stronger, more complete as it should. One of the software enables users to perform the refining system with features such as integrated multi-functional, user friendly interface, easy to use.
Glary Utilities PRO offers a range of tools and system utilities a powerful and easy to use, lets fix, speed up, maintain and protect your computer. The application allows you to clean junk files commonly found in the system. You can manage and delete registry entries and Internet traces. You can manage and delete browser add-ons, analyze disk space usage and find duplicate files.
You can also view and management interface extensions installed in your computer, encrypt files to prevent access and unauthorized use, splitting large files into smaller files and more manageable and join them later. Furthermore, Glary Utilities includes options to optimize memory, find, fix, or remove broken Windows shortcuts, manage the programs that startup and uninstall software. Other features include secure file deletion, searching for empty folders ... All Glary Utilities tools can be accessed through an interface simple and stunning.
Designed for Windows 98, Me, 2000, XP, Windows Vista ™ and Windows 7
Features:
Disk Cleaner
Removing garbage data from hard disks and free up space
Registry Cleaner
Scan and clean your registry to speed up system
Shortcuts Fixer
Fixed the shortcut in the Start menu and desktop external
Startup Manager
Manage the programs that run at startup
Memory Optimizer
Monitor and optimize free memory in the background
Tracks Eraser
Remove all traces, evidence, cookies, browser history, ...
File Shredder
Delete files permanently so that no one can recover
Internet Explorer Assistant
Manage add-on for Internet Explorer and restore the settings are changed
Disk Analysis
Displays detailed information about the files / folders
Duplicate Files Finder
Search and cleanup duplicate files
Empty Folders Finder
Find and remove empty folders in Windows
Uninstall Manager
Completely uninstall unnecessary programs
Context Menu Manager
Managed objects in the context menu for files and folders
Process Manager
Monitoring programs running on your PC and stop spyware and Trojans