Pro WCF 4.0: Practical Microsoft SOA Implementation is a complete guide to Windows Communication Foundation from the SOA perspective, showing you why WCF is important to service-oriented architecture and development. This book provides deep insight into the functionality of WCF, which shipped with .NET 4.0-like service discovery, routing service, simplified configuration, and other advanced features. Included in this title are informative examples that will aide the reader in understanding and implementing these important additions.

This book also covers the unified programming model, reliable messaging, security, and the peer-to-peer programming model.You’ll also learn how to move your current .NET remoting and web service applications to WCF and how to integrate those applications with WCF 4.0. This book offers genuine insight into solving real enterprise problems using WCF and .NET 4.0. What you’ll learn New features of WCF with .NET 4.0. A comprehensive WCF programming model. How queue management and reliable messaging work in WCF.

Implementing transaction support in WCF Making WCF services interoperable with other SOA offerings Best practicies in using WCF effectively. Developing WCF applications with Visual Studio 2010. Who this book is for The release of .NET 4.0 brought a wide range of new functionality to WCF. Developers and architects with experience using WCF 3.5 or earlier who want to apply this new functionality to their application will benefit greatly from the discussions and code samples in this book.

This book is also a great resource for application developers and architects new to SOA or the core concepts of WCF. Table of Contents Introducing WCF and SOA Basics What’s New in WCF 4 Exploring the WCF Programming Model Installing and Creating WCF Services Hosting and Consuming WCF Services Managing WCF Services Implementing WCF Security Implementing Reliable Messaging and Queue-Based Communications Using Transactions in WCF Integrating with COM+ Working with Data Developing Peer-to-Peer Applications with WCF Implementing SOA Interoperability Appendix: QuickReturns Ltd