ALL Books in PDF Format

List of Books:

Books 1 - 7

1. Outcast by Aaron Allston - 2009

2. Omen by Christie Golden - 2009

3. Abyss by Troy Denning - 2009

4. Backlash by Aaron Allston - 2010

5. Allies by Christie Golden - 2010

6. Vortex by Troy Denning - 2010

7. Conviction by Aaron Allston - 2011


Next two releases:

Ascension by Christie Golden — July 2011

Apocalypse by Troy Denning — December 2011


SERIES DESCRIPTION:

The books take place in the fictional Star Wars universe starting two years after 
the events of the Legacy of the Force novels and are set in the Legacy era. The 
novels recount the events surrounding three main storylines. The first is Luke 
Skywalker's quest to discover why his nephew Jacen Solo fell to the dark side 
and became the Sith Lord Darth Caedus. The second concerns a growing schism between
 the Galactic Alliance and Jedi Order, caused when numerous Jedi are infected by a 
strange force-based psychosis, which turns out to have been caused by an ancient being known as Abeloth. The third involves the appearance of and action of a 'Lost Tribe' of Sith who have until recently been isolated from the rest of the galaxy for thousands of years, and to whom the Rule of Two does not apply, as they were lost to the rest of the Galaxy before Darth Bane created the rule roughly four thousand years later, as indicated in the second book of the series, entitled Omen, as the timeline of the Star Wars universe listed in each novel in the Fate of the Jedi line indicates the Rule of Two was designed only a little over a millennium before the first Star Wars film, while Omen describes the Lost Tribe as having been marooned five thousand years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. The series also tracks the budding relationship between Lost Tribe apprentice Vestara Khai and Jedi Knight Ben Skywalker. Fate of the Jedi is a series which focuses on these three events as they begin to intertwine and influence
each other.

Enjoy 

Onyx889
