72 minutes
640 * 480
2185kbps for video   DivX
192kbps for audio   Mp3
This version released 28th December 2010.


Do you think that Bible Stories are B.S.?   Why?   Is it because they do not make literal sense?  Talking serpents, parting seas, etc...?    Not logical, factual, historical?  Doesn't add up?  Doesn't conform to natural law?   Well, what if it was understood that these texts were not to be taken literally?

Rabbi Azriel of Gerona (1160 - 1238 AD): 
“To one who does not understand their hidden meaning, certain sections and verses of the Torah seem fit to be thrown into the fire; but to one who has gained insight into their true meaning they seem essential components of the Torah."

Abraham bar Hiyya (1065 - 1136 AD): 
“Every letter and every word in every section of the Torah have a deep root in wisdom and contain a mystery from among the mysteries of understanding, the depths of which we cannot penetrate…” 

Maimonides (1135 - 1204 AD)
"We ought not to take literally that which is written in the story of creation, nor entertain the same ideas of it as are common with the vulgar. If it were otherwise, our ancient sages would not have taken so many pains to conceal the sense, and to keep before the eyes of the uninstructed the veil of allegory which conceals the truth it contains"

“Alas for the man who regards the Torah as a book of mere tales and [everyday] matters. ... When fools see a man in a garment that seems beautiful to them, they do not look more closely. But more important than the garment is the body, and more important than the body is the soul.. …Wine cannot be kept save in a jar; so the Torah needs an outer garment. These are the stories and narratives, but it behoves us to penetrate beneath them.”
Rabbi Simeon in the Zohar - III 152a

So, you can't dismiss the Bible on the grounds that it does not conform to natural law. It's like saying Snoopy or the Smurfs are nonsensical works 'fit for the fire'.  Would you ban Snoopy from the classroom?  No, it has merit as fiction.  So then, if the Bible and the Qur’an are brilliant works of rich symbolic fiction (mythology), then how can you ban them?  How can you say that they are not worth studying?  It is unscientific to ban their study.