Liquid XML Studio 2011 v9.0.11.3078
(c) Liquid Technologies Limited
date      : o6 Apr, 2o11        size    : 10 disks/5.00 MB
os        : WinAll              language : English
type      : Development
protection : RSA
.

:                                                        .'
.      .
/
r  e  l  e  a  s  e  .  i  n  f  o

Liquid XML Studio is a comprehensive XML Development
enviroment, comprising a set of editors and XML tools
designed for developing XML solutions. The following
.  provides an overview of the core tools.
:
XML Schema Editor
A graphical XSD editor, allowing you to visualize and edit
your schemas. The editor provides an abstracted view of the
XSD making it simple to understand your data. Context
sensitive properties make using the more advanced features
of the XSD standard simple, while drag and drop, cut &
paste, and multi step undo functionality makes editing your
schema simple and intuitive.

XML Data Binding Code Generator
'XML Data Binding' involves the creation of a class library
from an XML schema (XSD). Liquid XML Data Binder uses its
code generator engine to generate a class libraries
specifically for use with your XML data allowing XML
documents to be manipulated programmatically, in a simple,
intuitive way. This allows you to deal with strongly typed,
named, properties and classes instead of generic XML nodes,
reducing the amount of coding needed, increasing
productivity and reliability, and reducing development
costs.

Liquid XML Data Binder is the most comprehensive XML Data
Binding Code Generator tool available. With Support for all
major development languages, hardware environments, and
schema standards.

Using Liquid XML within your software development project
will radically simplify your interaction with XML
documents, increasing reliability, reducing development
time, and testing effort. Simply put it bridges the gap
between your development language (C, C#, Java, VB6,
Vb.Net) and XML. Once you try it you'll never go back to a
basic DOM or SAX parser.

WSDL Editor
The WSDL editor abstracts much of the complexity of the
WSDL standard, presenting the structure of the WSDL without
showing the unnecessary complexity. This provides a view
that makes understanding and editing the your WSDL document
simple. Access to the full range of related facets is
availible via the properties window and the WSDL can be
edited directly within the Source view.

XML Editor
A graphical XML Editor to allow intuitive editing of xml
data in a tree and tabular grid. Syntax highlighted XML
Editor, providing validation against the XML standard or an
XSD schema. Auto complete, and intellisense are based on an
external XML Schema. XSD Schemas can also be inferred from
an existing XML document.

And much more...

INSTALL NOTES:

Install the Application
Unpack contents of patch.zip to installed directory,
overwriting all files (Win7 & Vista Users, do this as
Administrator)
Enter anything as license key
On activation screen, choose 'Activate Manually'
Generate Activation Response in Keygen

Note: You might want to disable your internet connection to
prevent the app from calling home during activation process