The Ocean of Love - The Anurag Sagar of Kabir
by Kabir, Sant Ajaib Singh Ji (Translator)

Sant Bani Ashram | ISBN: 0891420398 | PDF | 219 pages | Language: English

Amazon:  http://www.amazon.com/Ocean-Love-Anurag-Sagar-Kabir/dp/0891420398

Reviews:

The book covers all the details ('behind-the-scenes') of the creation. An eye-opener for people searching for the truth. Kabir, the mystic, shares his past lives and His relationship with God. He explains the deceitful play of Kal or the Satan. He also explains the true nature of Kal and of other gods and goddesses. The book tells about why and how the creation started, the purpose of human being on the earth, the nature of true saints and masters, the different paths of spirituality, how to recognize a true saint etc. A must-read for spiritual seekers.

-

This is a fantastic saga by Kabir. Not for academics or airy posers; it is a real luscious account of creation full of secrets not found elsewhere. This book is not turned into pabulum for the benefit of Westerners who want to say that they have read Eastern classics but who are in reality not willing or able to really consider completely new and different world-views; this is a true Eastern classic, not edited or changed in order to be palatable to Westerners. I love this book!

-

"The Ocean of Love--The Anurag Sagar of Kabir" is one of the most important books I have read in many years. I found it depressing, disturbing, clearly thought out, eye-opening, humorous, and deeply moving--in short, it had all the elements of a profound and life-changing set of ideas. 

This is a 1982 English translation of a long poem attributed to Kabir, the fifteenth century mystic who lived in India and who used imagery from Hinduism and the Sufi tradition to describe what he came to understand from his own inner explorations in meditation. Kabir speaks like other creators of myth, as if he were describing historical events, but the reader must remember that most of these events represent subtle things on higher planes. The story is necessarily allegorical, even though I take it to be essentially true. The team of translators are themselves practitioners of meditation in the same tradition as that taught by Kabir, and they seem to understand their subject. Extensive interpretive notes help western readers with the many esoteric concepts. The book is not easy reading, even for those familiar with mysticism, but is well worth the effort it requires. 

After giving an introduction to mysticism, Kabir describes the process of creation in astounding detail. He explains something about the nature of divine love as well as the many levels of creation from pure consciousness, through planes of mixed consciousness and matter, to the physical plane with its dense matter and very little consciousness. He describes the coming of ego and ignorance (personified by Kal) into creation and the trap that this has created for the myriad souls that populate the lower planes. Kabir says that even though the souls are of the same essence as the divine creator, they have become separated from their own reality. This trap or entanglement of desire and ignorance is drawn in such sordid detail and in such sombre color that the reader must feel shaken to recognize in this description the actual human condition. 

Kabir also tells a way out of this trap for the helpless embodied souls. It entails a helping hand given by a fully conscious person or spiritual Master who is firmly embedded in the higher reality. Kabir describes the awakening of the souls into new consciousness and love with heart-wrenching beauty. 

This is a profound book for the dawning of the Golden Age of spirituality.