Anno 2070-RELOADED + Crack (PC/2011)
Publisher: Ubisoft | Developer: Related Designs | Language: English | PC | ISO | 4.93 GB
Genre: Strategy

Anno 2070 takes place in a near-future environment where climate change has forced humanity to adapt to rising sea levels that have left stretches of once-fertile land completely inhospitable. Players need to master new technologies while facing numerous ecological challenges to build their empires. Anno 2070 offers players the ability to be architects of the future and create the world of tomorrow.



Game Features:

- The game takes place in 2070. As with the entire line of Anno, this game – simulator manager, you want to build brick by brick, a huge city with its complicated infrastructure and production, planned to increase their population, to listen to the needs of ordinary people and trade / war with its neighbors.

- From the title Anno 2070 clearly shows that the lift on his feet the whole metropolis we are in 2070, the year. As usual, the future of humanity is prepared to test Mother Nature. The gradual change in the Earth’s climate will lead to a massive increase in sea level and cause the masses of people to adapt to rapidly changing conditions of life.

- It refers to rulers who are building their empire – they have to get along with environmental and climate problems, because as the construction of cities world Anno 2070 will also vary in their own jealously respond to all that a player will do with the few scraps of land suitable for of life. During the construction we will be able to adhere to the two doctrines – the industrial, which is typical of the faction “magnates» (Tycoons) and is very effective for rapid development, and environmental more friendly to nature and is a fundamental principle of the other faction, called “Environmentalists» (Ecos). The choice of hand depends on the way to change the world in Anno 2070.

- In addition to the single-player campaign that promises a lot of trials and the “plot turns”, in Anno 2070 there are popular among the people “infinite” mode of the game, which essentially amounts to the creation of the highest possible civilization, and multiplayer with a cloud of “innovative” ideas. Great graphics and an updated engine in the list of promises also appear.

Minimum System Requirements

Supported OS: Windows® XP / Windows Vista® / Windows® 7
Processor: 2 GHz Intel® Core™2 Duo or AMD Athlon™ 64 X2 or better
RAM: 2 GB (4 GB recommended)
Video Card: 512 MB DirectX® 9.0c–compatible with Shader Model 3.0 or higher (see supported list)*
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c–compliant
Hard Drive Space: 5 GB
Peripherals Supported: Windows-compatible mouse and keyboard
Internet Connection: Temporary broadband connection for product registration, permanent broadband connection for multiplayer 

INSTALL NOTES:

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack dir on the disc to your install dir. Then either run install.bat or copy the "Profile" dir to "%USERPROFILE%\Application Data\Ubisoft\ANNO 2070" yourself
5. Block the game exes in your system firewall
6. Play the game. When prompted, use "RELOADED" as login and "1" as password
to play the game offline

PS: "Return to C.O.R.E." included
