Hon är min

Komedi från 1996 av Edward Burns med Jennifer Aniston och Cameron Diaz.

Filmmakaren och skådespelaren Edward Burns följer upp sin bejublade filmdebut, "Bröderna McMullen", med denna lika roliga och ironiska romantiska komedi om två bröder som brottas med deras absurda inställning till livet och kärleken.

Den ena är taxichaufför, den andra börsmäklare. Men en sak har de båda gemensamt: f.d. flickvännen Heather! Trots att båda är lyckligt gifta startar Heather en tävling mellan de båda...

How do siblings deal with each other in their targets? This is the question tackled in this movie. Blue-collared Mickey drives a New York taxicab since the breakup with his promiscuous ex-fiancée Heather two years ago. His younger, white-collared brother, Francis, cannot let Mickey forget the tragedy of the "hairy ass": (Mickey's image of his apartment floor of the guy having sex with Heather after walking in on them). Finding relief in driving his cab, Mickey meets an art student named Hope whom he marries after knowing her for only 24 hours. Mickey also meets his old lover Heather, and learns more about life itself as taxi fares in the course of a summer. Francis, a young Wall Street corporate raider, unhappy in his marriage to Renee and led by his infidelity, continues his shots at Mickey throughout the film, only to find himself a plot device that lends humor and lessons about marriage and brotherhood when he meets and starts an dangerous affair with Heather, despite Mickey's warnings that Heather is a gold-digging nymphomaniac who goes through sexual partners as often as a person changes clothes. Given Mickey's frame of reference on the past and his bride of 24 hours, it is no wonder that the two brothers, along with their father, an ego-eccentric and emotionally bereft bigot and a hard-core chauvinist who does not allow women aboard his fishing boat, learn about the strength of women, and their own lives.

Format
DVD Region 2

Speltid
92 min

Färg/svartvit
Färg

TV-system
PAL

Distributör
SF (Fox)

Textning
Danska
Engelska
Finska
Hebreiska
Norska
Polska
Portugisiska
Svenska
Tjeckiska
Ungerska

Ljud
Engelska (Dolby Digital 4.0)

Bild
Widescreen 1.85:1 (anamorfisk)

Extra material
» Kommentarer av regissören
» Featurette
» Musikvideo: Tom Petty - "Walls"
» Biotrailer

Enjoy Seed and Comment =)