Fiberglass Fabrication I focuses exclusively on custom fiberglass projects for car audio installations (also available with Fiberglass Fabrication II at a special price). This DVD covers basic fiberglass fabrication designed for those without any fiberglass experience and is made to take the intimidation factor out of fiberglass work. If you like to create and want something more interesting than a basic installation fiberglass fabrication is definitely something you'll want to try. It's the first step towards becoming a great installer capable of world class installations.

Fiberglass Fabrication I will teach you the basics of fiberglass fabrication with popular but simple to create projects. The DVD begins with an in depth overview of the materials and tools needed for the projects demonstrated. A description of each item is given along with the approximate cost of purchase (so you don't get ripped off). If you've never worked with fiberglass than this information is absolutely essential. Once this important background information is complete the fun begins.

This DVD covers three of the most popular fiberglass projects. The first is the creation of custom kickpanels. By far the most popular custom project, kick panels will give you a much better sound and add a custom look to any installation. You'll be walked through the process of creating kick panel pods with less than $20 in material cost.

The second project is the addition of a fiberglass baffle to an MDF enclosure. This is what you see done in many of the top competition vehicles. The fiberglass baffle is what allows your enclosure to have the curves and shapes not possible with an all MDF enclosure. You'll learn how to create your custom shape, how to wrap it properly and how to finish the piece for its final covering.

The final project is a spare tire subwoofer enclosure. This is a very popular option for hidden or "stealth" installations. You'll learn how to make a mold of the spare tire well, how to increase the strength and decrease the construction time, and how to add a flat MDF baffle to the curved fiberglass mold.

All three projects are basic, relatively uncomplicated pieces that were designed to get a beginner started in fiberglass fabrication. It's recommended that you use a router and a powered sander for some of the steps but it's not required. A list is also included that will show you where you can go to purchase the fiberglass and the other materials used (both locally and online). And all of our videos were created by an MECP certified Master Installer so you'll know you're learning to do it the right way.

Here are some of the other installation topics and techniques you'll learn that will help you save time, money and aggravation.
Materials and Tools

    Fabrication materials
        Various cloths needed
        Resins and body filler types
        Adhesives to use
        Release agents to prevent sticking
    Tools needed
        Hand tools
        Power tools

	
Fiberglass Kickpanels

    Creating the pod base
        Factory kickpanel
        Molded kickpanel
    Duplicating factory panels
        Protective release agents
        Itchless trimming
    Speaker mounting rings
        Creating perfect circles
        Flush mounting
    Aiming the pods for better sound
        How to get laser precise imaging
    Wrapping the pod
        Cloth to use
        Avoiding "peel up"
    Shaping the pod
        Body filler work
        Body filler "milkshakes"
        Sanding needed for various finishes

	Finished kick panel
MDF Enclosure w/ a Fiberglass Face

    Style techniques for your enclosure
    Framing the shape with MDF
    Wrapping the frame and enclosure
        The importance of a secure bond
    When to add additional fiberglass
    Body filler substitutes
        Paintable filler mixtures
        Fiberglass reinforced fillers
    How to fix a poor baffle connection
    Final sanding

	Sanding the enclosure
Spare Tire Enclosure

    Protecting the vehicle
    Sprayable vs. sheet release agents
    Laying and layering the fiberglass
    Strengthening the enclosure without fiberglass or body filler
    Trimming the "tub"
    Adding a flat MDF baffle for strength and stealth
    Bonding the MDF and fiberglass together
    Flush mounting techniques
