The Big Pern Book converted to ePub with nicer formatting for eReaders.

==========
Originally downloaded from: http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5815988/The_Big_Pern_Book_I

Original description:
Short summary: If you've read all Pern novels, then there's nothing new in this torrent for you, don't bother downloading it. But if you're new to Pern, then you should really consider reading this book, since it allows you to read roughly half of Pern novels in one go.


The Big Pern Book I

Version 1.0

Changelog
2010.09.09 21:27:18 – 1.0
–
Initial release.
–

Preamble

The Big Pern Book is a compilation of novels written by Anne McCaffrey about the planet of Pern and its inhabitants. The Pern series consists of many books describing various events separated by time as well as space, and all written at different times. The official order of reading the novels is  in the order of publishing, but that makes it somewhat difficult to keep track of the big picture, letting out the global context of the events that affect the whole planet.

This book is an attempt to merge all relevant novels into one big text. Whatever you'll read here, you can be sure that this is the only thing happening at the moment on Pern and that there is no novel that will make you revisit this particular timeline to learn some new facet of already familiar events.

Not all novels got into this book. The Big Pern Book I is all about The Ninth Pass and does not include any novels or stories about other Passes or about the Colonization of Pern. That might present a problem, since at some point the characters will learn of these ancient events and will comment on them as being a common knowledge, while the reader is actually ignorant about them. Since there is no way to insert the text of these novels into this book without jumping along the timeline, and because placing the texts according to the timeline will reveal too much information to the reader before the time is right (a considerable part of Pern's charm is the inhabitants' rediscovery of their own past while striving for better future), I have decided to make do without them. If you see the characters referring to some ancient events that were not covered by this book, just try to make out their meaning from the context, and if you get interested – go on and read the novel about them sometime later.

Some novels describe the same event from different viewpoints (the day of Jaxom's birth, for example). I did my best to interleave the descriptions and replace some pronouns with actual characters' names to make it clear who thought/did/said what. I have also merged the descriptions as best as I could, keeping the most verbose one (most of the time Anne gives only generic description of some event in one novel, while describing it in detail in another), inserting some unique insights that only a particular character could have from all relevant novels where applicable.
There are, of course, continuity errors in the series. And while the errors in describing the “ancient” events in the “present” novels can be blamed on the facts being distorted over time, the two books about things taking place in the same time frame making two mutually exclusive statements can be only Anne's fault. Among these are:

1) One of the Dragonriders novels mentions Robinton and Zair together at some point, while the second Harper's Hall novel clearly (and in detail) states that Zair wasn't yet born at that time. I've kept with the more detailed Harper's Hall variant, removing the reference to Zair from the other novel (it was a minor one anyway).

2) Thella's attempt to capture Aramina in the mountains in “The Girl Who Heard Dragons” is portrayed differently from “The Renegades of Pern”. Namely, “The Renegades of Pern” states that only Thella and Giron were after Aramina, while in “The Girl Who Heard Dragons” Larad claims that there was a group of mounted men. I couldn't fix that one, so don't be surprised.

3) Young Readis is said to be 5 Turns old in “All the Weyrs of Pern”, but “The Dolphins of Pern” makes him 7 Turns old. After tracking the timeline and cross-referencing with “The Renegades of Pern” i've come to the conclusion that he is indeed 5 Turns old and had to edit all references to his age throughout the whole “The Dolphins of Pern”. Anne probably wanted him to become 18 by the end of “The Dolphins of Pern”.

And other strange things, such as Camo's relations with his parents never ever being mentioned anywhere besides “The Masterharper of Pern”, because this novel was one of the latest ones (the only Ninth Pass novel written after it was “The Skies of Pern”).

I've tried to apply consistent punctuation and formatting where I could, but I was not 100% successful, because I had to work with [badly] OCR'ed text and didn't have the original texts at hand.

Chapter numeration is taken from the original texts, so don't be alarmed to see the mixture of Roman and Arabic numbers, as well as the word “chapter” being written all-caps sometimes. Same goes for time references – I have retained them where they were, without introducing any new ones (although I did have to correct one).
