


Name : Avast! Antivirus Free / Pro / Internet Security  

Interface : Multilingual + Bulgarian and others.

License : Free / Paid - EUR 34,95 / Paid - EUR 54,95

Version : 6.0.1289 FINAL | 200 MB

Date : 30/11/2011

Official website : Avast!









Description : • Avast! Free Antivirus previously known as Avast! Home keep you through multilateral defense. Antivirus, antispyware and heuristic engine form the core of security, which also includes multi-shields in real time. Other new funksii are "silent game" and "intelligent scanner", which monitors only the changed files after the established base. The biggest change in Avast 6 is the interface. Gone is the default music player. He was replaced with a sleek user interface that users should have found much easier to manage. He is also with Aero-friendly navigation buttons in Explorer style if you can not remember how to change the settings. Automatic updates (updates) for greater convenience and safety of the user. On top rating among free antivirus. The new Avast! Free Antivirus 6.0 includes engine for detecting spyware (spyware), to protect you both from theft and viruses. • Avast! Antivirus Pro is better protection while browsing. Full-featured antivirus software. Better than the free version, especially for web surfing, but without a firewall (firewall) and antispam (antispam), included in Avast! Internet Security. Also, if you want to customize their security software is recommended. • Avast! Internet Security is a software for your computer, providing full protection against viruses. The antivirus engine is complemented by anti-spyware (anti-spyware), firewall (firewall) and antispam (antispam) modules to protect you from phishing (phishing) schemes, identity theft (identity theft) and internet viruses. 's active Internet users require greater protection because they are shopping and banking online. Security threats posed by contaminated sites and the growing risk of identity theft, Avast! Internet Security provides permanent antivirus protection, anti-spyware, anti-rootkit protection, firewall and antispam. 
