 http://www.truehope.com/

about Truehope
towards a new understanding of mental wellness


Truehope Nutritional Support Ltd. is a non-profit company dedicated to promoting mental wellness through non-invasive, nutritional means. Founded in 1996 by Anthony Stephan and David Hardy, the company is completely independent.

The company has developed and currently produces EMPowerplus, a specialized micronutrient treatment designed to address the unique nutritional deficiencies associated with mental illnesses. Truehope also offers several other related micronutrient treatments that have been found to be useful to their clients. Truehope supports numerous independent research projects that explore the role of nutrition in mental wellness.

discovery
the EMPowerplus discovery story
truehope bipolar disorder discovery


The story of Truehope began with one father’s desperate desire to save his children. Anthony Stephan’s wife, Debora, had bipolar disorder and had committed suicide in January of 1994. Debbie’s father had done the same sixteen years earlier. Now, a year later, two of Stephan’s children had also been diagnosed with bipolar disorder I, the most severe form of the illness. Both had been given a variety of heavy psychotropic medications, but both were getting worse and worse. Stephan could see that it was only a matter of time before he’d lose another loved one to the grip of bipolar affective disorder.

a father’s anguish

For a year after his wife’s death, Stephan searched the medical journals, read books and poured over everything he could find that might save his children, Autumn and Joe. When a specialist told him to give up and accept his children’s fate – that both would likely be ill, medicated, hospitalized and possibly, given the history, to die young – Stephan started a new kind of search. He believed that if there was an answer in the world that could save his kids, God knew it. He prayed ceaselessly, hoping that God would hear his cries and have mercy on his broken family.

a prayer is answered

Then when he least expected it, his answer came. By chance, Stephan met David Hardy, a man educated in biological sciences who had spent twenty years as an animal feed formulator, after leaving his career as a high school biology teacher. While discussing carpeting for a church basement, Stephan broke down and poured out his heart to Hardy. Hardy listened carefully and then said an odd thing. He said that the bipolar behaviour of Stephan’s son, Joe, sounded to him like a pig with ear-and-tail-biting syndrome. Furthermore, Hardy told him that some farmers had successfully used a nutritional supplementation program to control the syndrome. Stephan knew that he found the answer.

the nutritional approach

Using Hardy’s extensive knowledge of pig feed supplementation, the two men formulated a human version of the regimen, using human grade supplements. Stephan’s children, Autumn and Joe, responded to the formula and were able to discontinue their medications. As they recovered and began to resume healthy lives, word spread through their communities. Stephan and Hardy were happy to share their regimen and soon there were hundreds of people trying this early version of what is now EMPowerplus.

the success stories increase

Reports of success continued to pour in and Stephan knew that there was more to be done to bring this odd discovery to the world. He convinced Hardy to leave his work with animal feed and together, in 1996, they formed a company to refine and produce their formula, which consisted, at the time, of a combination of various micronutrient treatments taken individually. The pair also sought to bring their results to the attention of scientists who they hoped would research their unorthodox approach. They realized that they had perhaps stumbled on a clue that would lead to a new understanding of what causes mental illnesses – and how to treat them.

scientists take notice

They systematically gathered information and data from new micronutrient treatment users and presented it to Dr. Bryan Kolb, a world-renowned neuropsychologist at the University of Lethbridge in southern Alberta. Intrigued, Dr. Kolb sent them to see Dr. Bonnie Kaplan, a behavioural research scientist at the University of Calgary, also in southern Alberta. Although initially skeptical, Dr. Kaplan agreed to try the micronutrient treatment in a preliminary trial. In order to facilitate the research, Stephan and Hardy put all the necessary ingredients into one capsule that could be administered easily. They found a manufacturer who would produce the product to their exact specifications and called their product EMPowerplus.

research begins

Once the all-in-one micronutrient treatment was available, Kaplan, together with her colleagues, put together preliminary open trials that showed significant promise as a treatment for mental illness, confirming the need for further research and grabbing the attention of researchers and specialists all across North America.

large studies underway

With the availability and legitimacy of use established, Dr. Kaplan and her colleagues were given permission by Health Canada to conduct a large double blind placebo study at the University of Calgary. This study is nearing completion, while other studies are also underway in Canada and the US. All at Truehope look forward with great excitement to the results of this and other research.

hope for the future

Truehope’s focus is to work to make sure that the EMPowerplus option is available to all who suffer with mental illness. It is our hope that as scientists play their part and as governments consider the welfare of all of their citizens, natural therapies like EMPowerplus will be made available through standard medical systems.

reflections of faith and hope

Anthony Stephan, in reflecting on the marvelous recovery of his children, said; "Truly God has answered my pleadings and intense prayers with a great blessing." Thousands of participants have borne that same witness and acknowledged the hand of God in bringing restoration to their life or that of a loved one. Hence, we have named this web site “TRUEHOPE” because we believe that true hope can only be found in the healing sustenance that God has provided for us. No man or company or science can ever replicate or replace that which our Creator has provided for us. In seeking to treat the symptom, we have all ignored the Source.

Truehope Mission

truehope bipolar disorder contact us

Truehope was established to set and define the global standard of what true healing means by designing and applying evidence-based products and professional quality programs, accessible and tailored to the needs of men, women and children, providing them the knowledge and education necessary for individual ownership of health.

At Truehope, we commit to overcoming regulatory issues, educating humankind on prevention and treatment of nutritional deficiency disorders, and establishing a new mainstream culture of non-invasive healing. By leading out with compassion, having trust in God, we will point every action toward the great pinnacle of Hope. 