Music : Indie : MP3/Over 256Kbps






The Mostar Diving Club - Don Your Suit of Lights (2009) & Waiting For Forever Soundtrack / OST (2011)(Artwork Included)(MP3@320)









This is The Mostar Diving Club, a new project from the singer and song writer of Obi, Damian Katkhuda.
Published by Chrysalis, The Mostar Diving Club is a fantastic and experimental band of multi instrumentalists not afraid to take on different styles and genres. The songs on their first offering, “Don Your Suit of Lights” (2009) were written in a woodland farmhouse in the south of France, isolated and tranquil, reflecting the mood of this charming debut solo album. Produced by Will Worsley, who was responsible for much of Obi’s early output (including the single “Somewhere Nicer,” which was A-listed on Radio 2 and Virgin and led to several European tours and festival performances). The album travels through many musical genres and contains everything from large scale productions “Vagabonds and Clowns,” to just a simple guitar and vocal recorded in the garden, “There Goes My Mind (Plastic Girls).” Recorder orchestras, violins with trumpet attachments, bowed saws, accordions, harmoniums, glockenspiels, banjos, auto harps, and ukuleles are just a few of the instruments that Damian and producer Will tackled during the making and recording of this highly eclectic album. The follow up album “Triumph of Hope” will be out soon and is what it says, a triumph. Of the many critics that have praised Damian’s work, his albums have been described as “keys to the kingdom of lovely… an almost flawless example of up and downbeat folk pop story telling” in the Times. Mojo described “The Magic Land of Radio” as “utterly charming …. a melodic master-class”, and metro said Diceman Lopez had “a sense of dreamy transportation to somewhere else. a lovely work.” The online commentator In Your Speakers discribed “Don Your Suit of Lights” as “one of the most melodically perfect and stylistically diverse and altogether best albums ” they had ever heard. The name, The Mostar Diving Club is taken from a town in Bosnia, where Damians fathers’ family hail from; as a right of passage into adulthood, young men dive from an old bridge into a very shallow river below, a distance of some thirty meters, get it wrong and you are in serious trouble.

The album ” Triumph Of Hope” is coming soon in early 2011.

 
http://www.themostardivingclub.com/?page_id=2









Review from


I always hate it when people ask me what kind of music I like. What do I answer back with? Do I go with the always classic "everything but rap and country"? Or maybe the amazingly pretentious "I listen to everything". Y'see, it's a hard question to answer. I couldn't possibly list off all the bands I like, or praise certain genres because that just isn't a very accurate depicition of the music I listen to.

But if you were to ask me what kind of music I LOVE then I think I know what my answer would be. I mean, it helps that I've been asked this once before, but whatever. Just roll with it okay?

I love singer/songwriters who make beautiful, magical records all by themselves. The idea of one guy spilling his heart out, doing his best, making a record as well as he can sends chills down my spine. I love the image of a guy waking up in a small cabin in the middle of nowhere, knowing that he's going to spend the rest of the day writing music, writing what he feels, thinking that maybe today he will finish this record - his masterpiece. He will start off writing and recording simple songs that anyone can appreciate but as time passes he will explore the medium that is song-writing, finding a sound that truly expresses how he feels. These experimental flourishes will be what sets his album aside from everything else.

THAT is the kind of music I love.

But, if anyone ever asks me that question ever again I'll probably just say "The Mostar Driving Club's 'Don Your Suit Of Lights' of course" because it's a lot quicker to say, and it's exactly the kind of record I'm talking about.

Check it out if you like beautiful melodies, touching lyrics and amazingly twee songs about honeybees.












Tracklist:

01. In the Garden of Forever (3:28)
02. Ghost Train (1:46)
03. The Great Explorers (3:22)
04. The Honey Tree (2:17)
05. The Medicine Show (3:17)
06. Then Came a Thousand Elephants (2:44)
07. Tricky Hands and Radios (3:49)
08. Vagabonds and Clowns (3:20)
09. With His New Armour (2:23)
10. You Be Me (3:05)

 
http://www.themostardivingclub.com/?page_id=9








Soundtrack / OST 'Waiting for Forever'

Tracklist:

01. Worlds Apart (Film Version) (3:10)
02. Worlds Collide (Film Version) (3:34)
03. Forever Goodbye (3:27)
04. Worlds Apart (Single Version) (3:00)
05. Worlds Collide (Single Version) (3:15)









More info:
 
http://www.themostardivingclub.com/



 
http://themostardivingclub.bandcamp.com/











ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!
