RUSH
ABC 1974 LIVE

Track Listing [320k MP3]

01. Finding My Way
02. The Best I Can
03. Need Some Love
04. In The End
05. Fancy Dancer
06. In The Mood
07. Bad Boy
08. Here Again
09. Working Man
10. Drum Solo
11. What Youre Doing
12. Garden Road
13. Anthem
14. Beneath, Between & Behind
15. Fly By Night 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The history of the ever mighty Rush goes back to 1968 when the group first got together, but it was not until 1974 that the band proper with Neal Peart joining Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson to make for the line-up we have known and loved ever since came to the fore. Peart joined just two weeks before Rush s first US tour and it was during this American jaunt that the guys played the infamous Agora Ballroom, Cleveland - a venue at which the group would go onto play numerous more shows during their formative years. At their 1974 booking however, radio station WMMS radio was on hand to broadcast the whole event across the airwaves and thus make this particular gig a somewhat notorious event as well as being Rush s very first radio broadcast. The set played by the group that hot August evening in America s dark industrial underbelly, includes songs from their debut album, Rush, and features two early versions of cuts from their sophomore record, Fly by Night. The show also contained a cover of Larry Williams Bad Boy a 1950s rocker and no mistake - plus incredibly, two excellent tracks that have never been released on any previous Rush release; the super-rare Fancy Dancer and Garden Road , both composed in their very earliest incarnation before Neal Peart was on board. The package is completed by three bonus tracks from their second US broadcast, back at the ABC a year later, and again courtesy of their by then long time champions, WMMR Cleveland. All three songs from the 75 set originated on Fly By Night. This rare recording is now available legitimately for the first time and with de-luxe packaging, designed with the collector in mind, will prove a must have item for Rush s enormous army of fans still fighting the cause well over 40 years into a quite marvellous career. 