OLD TIME RADIO:


THE SEALED BOOK



The Sealed Book was a radio series of mystery and terror tales, produced and directed by Jock MacGregor for the Mutual network. Between March 18 and September 9, 1945, the melodramatic anthology series was broadcast on Sundays from 10:30pm to 11:00pm.

Each week, after "the sound of the great gong," host Philip Clarke observed that the mysteriously silent "keeper of the book has opened the ponderous door to the secret vault wherein is kept the great sealed book, in which is recorded all the secrets and mysteries of mankind through the ages, Here are tales of every kind, tales of murder, of madness, of dark deeds strange and terrible beyond all belief." After this introduction, the dramas began, occasionally interrupted by curiously extended organ solos. Although this anthology series did not have recurring characters (other than the Narrator and the Keeper of the Book), the writers often used the same names for different characters from week to week, including "Hester," "Drake," and most especially "Roger."

At the end of an episode, Clarke told listeners to tune in the following week when "the sound of the great gong heralds another strange and exciting tale from... the sealed book."

Scripts were by Robert Arthur, Jr. and David Kogan, who also were responsible for The Mysterious Traveler, and recycled many of the more popular stories from that parent program. "The Hands of Death" was the first of the 26 episodes which concluded with "Death Laughs Last."


Information from WikiPedia


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTRR Certification Information:

Series Name: The Sealed Book
Certification Status: OTRR Certified Complete
Certification Date: October 4, 2010
Certification Version: Version 1
Number of CDs: 2


From the Old Time Radio Researchers Group. See "Note" Section below for more information on the OTRR.




This audio is part of the collection: Old Time Radio
It also belongs to collection: Radio Programs

Artist/Composer: Old Time Radio Researchers Group
Keywords: OTRR; Old Time Radio Researchers Group; Old Time Radio; OTRR Set; OTRR Certified Set; The Sealed Book; Sealed Book; Sealed Book, The; Philip Clarke; Clarke; Philip; Mystery; Terror; 1940s; 1945; OTRR - 2011-02


Creative Commons license: Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0




Notes



OLD TIME RADIO RESEARCHER'S GROUP



This is a production of the Old Time Radio Researchers Group located at Old Time Radio Researchers Website and the Old Time Radio Researchers Group.

It contains the most complete and accurate version of this series in the best sound possible at the time of creation. An updated version will be issued if more episodes or better sounding ones become available.

If you are interested in preserving old time radio, you may wish to join the Old Time Radio Researchers Group at Yahoo.


Relax, listen, and enjoy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTRR Definitions:

OTRR Certified Accurate -- A series that is Certified Accurate indicates that all the episodes are properly identified and labeled but that the series does not contain all known extant episodes.

OTRR Certified Complete -- A series that is Certified Complete is the highest level of certification available under the OTRR Certified Standards. This certification level implies that all the files in the series are Certified Accurate but also indicates that the series is as complete as possible – it includes all extant episodes.

OTRR Non-Certified -- A collection of shows that has not gone through the OTRR Certification process.


Individual Files
Whole Item Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Sealed_Book_Ver1_CD_1of2.zip  ZIP  332.2 MB  
OTRR_Certified_Sealed_Book_Ver1_CD_2of2.zip  ZIP  377.6 MB  
Image Files JPEG JPEG Thumb 
The Sealed Book  154.9 KB 
 7.4 KB 
 
Information Format Size 
OTRR_Certified_Sealed_Book_files.xml  Metadata  [file]  
OTRR_Certified_Sealed_Book_meta.xml  Metadata  4.9 KB 
