FreeSWITCH 1.0.6

Language : English
Paperback : 320 pages [ 235mm x 191mm ]
Release Date : July 2010
ISBN : 1847199968
ISBN 13 : 978-1-847199-96-6

Author(s) : Anthony Minessale, Darren Schreiber, Michael S. Collins

FreeSWITCH is an open source telephony platform designed to facilitate the creation of voice and chat-driven products scaling from a soft-phone to a PBX and even up to an enterprise-class soft-switch. It is always exciting to design and build your own telephony system to suit your needs, but the task is time consuming and involves a lot of technical skills.

This book comes to your rescue, helping you to set up a telephony system fast and easily using FreeSWITCH. It will take you from being a novice to creating a fully-functional telephony system of your own. It is rich with practical examples and will give you all of the information and skills needed to implement your own PBX system.

The book begins by introducing the architecture and working of FreeSWITCH before detailing how to plan a telephone system and moving on to the installation, configuration, and management of a feature-packed PBX. You will learn about maintaining a user directory, XML dial plan and advanced dial plan concepts, call routing, and the extremely powerful Event Socket. You will finally learn about the online community and history of FreeSWITCH.

A step-by-step guide to building, managing, and maintaining an efficient FreeSWITCH telephony system


What you will learn from this book :

    Set up a basic system to make and receive phone calls, make calls between extensions, and utilize basic PBX functionality
    Avoid common implementation mistakes and deploy various features of this telephony system with best practices and expert tips
    Perform routine maintenance for smooth running and troubleshoot the system when things are not going right
    Apply regular expressions to unlock unique and powerful call routing scenarios
    Call your own application(s) when particular events occur and control FreeSWITCH using the powerful Event Socket
    Set up multi-party conferencing facilities for your system
    Interact with callers, gather information, and route calls to the appropriate recipient using the automated, built-in XML IVR (Interactive Voice Response) engine
    Create a flexible dialplan, and allow third-party tools to be quickly and easily created using dialplan parsers other than the default XML Dialplan
    Park multiple calls in a FIFO queue and unpark them in the order in which they were received, using the mod_fifo module
    Record an entire phone call or session using the call recording feature
    Create advanced call control applications with the Lua scripting language
    Take a peek into the vibrant online community and history of FreeSWITCH



Table of Contents

Preface
Chapter 1: Architecture of FreeSWITCH
Chapter 2: Building and Installation
Chapter 3: Test Driving the Default Configuration
Chapter 4: SIP and the User Directory
Chapter 5: Understanding the XML Dialplan
Chapter 6: Using the Built-in XML IVR Engine
Chapter 7: Building IVR Applications with Lua
Chapter 8: Advanced Dialplan Concepts
Chapter 9: Controlling FreeSWITCH Externally
Chapter 10: Advanced Features and Further Reading
Appendix A: The FreeSWITCH Online Community
Appendix B: The History of FreeSWITCH
Index 



Approach

This book is a step-by-step tutorial with clear instructions and screenshots to guide you through the creation of a complete, cost-effective telephony system. You will start with installation, walk through the different features, and see how to manage and maintain the system.

Who this book is written for

If you are an IT professional or enthusiast who is interested in quickly getting a powerful telephony system up and running using the free and open source application FreeSWITCH, this book is for you. Telephony experience will be helpful, but is not required.


SOURCE : http://www.packtpub.com/freeswitch-1-0-6-build-robust-high-performance-telephony-systems/book


PIRATESKY