Date: 05-04-11
Host: George Noory
Guests: Patrick Heron, John Hogue

In the first half of the show, prophecy and Nostradamus expert John Hogue shared some predictions for the rest of 2011, and talked about how some of Nostradamus' quatrains may reflect on current events. Nostradamus had written that a "black and future king" would be involved in a war with the Third Antichrist, and Hogue suggested this "king" could refer to Obama, and the Antichrist (or Mabus, as he is named) was Osama bin Laden. Additionally, he spoke about a war (perhaps a number of years away) occurring between the US and Russia, which Nostradamus referred to as the "two great kingdoms of the North."

Hogue believes that we've reached a tipping point this year, and "Mother Nature" is declaring war on the abusive human behavior toward the Earth. He predicts a strong hurricane season, with the eastern seaboard getting hit worse than in previous years. He also sees the western US coastline being susceptible to large earthquakes this year, and particularly so when comet Elenin lines up with the sun and Earth, in September and November.

-------------------------

In the latter half, television producer and theologian, Patrick Heron discussed his work researching references to the Antichrist in the Bible, including connections to the Nephilim, and world prophecy. According to scripture, the Antichrist is "the beast who ascends out of the bottomless pit, having seven heads, and ten horns." Other supernatural beings were also cast into this parallel dimension or "Abyss," and will be released along with the Antichrist, he stated.

The Antichrist, Heron continued, will team up with the "False Prophet" and deceive the whole world "with their counterfeit & magical science, miracles and wonders," enabled by the fact that they're spirit beings. He believes we are living in End Times, or the Apocalypse- a word that refers to the pulling away of the veil. He cited the appearance of UFOs as messengers of deception-- part of a conditioning process, prepping the world for the reappearance of the fallen angels.

News segment guests: Greg Hunter, Gerald Celente
Website(s):

neph.ie
hogueprophecy.com

Book(s):

The Return Of The Antichrist and the New World Order
Predictions for 2011
