Although many might not agree with the use of the n-word and the sometimes violent content of this album, The Gospel Gangstaz surely came correct on this classic 1994 debut! Just about everything on this album is perfectly done. The production is of course shoddy, Which can usually ruin a rap album, But here that just enhances it! This is the rawest sounding gospel rap album ever released and with good reason. The guys are former gang members from la and they got saved only maybe 1 or 2 years before the release of this album and this is actually a gospel rap album that has the capability to appeal to christians and non-christians alike. 
  If you love Ice Cube, MC Eiht, N.W.A, Eazy-E, Early Snoop Dogg, Above The Law, Or pretty much any west coast rap pre-1996, You are gonna be in for a treat when your ears hear the stuff that comes from this album! Tik Tokk, Chille Chill, Mr. Solo, And DJ Dove [Formerly of SFC] all bring nothing but heat on this very edgy and very street christian album. The best part is is that the guys don't try to sound like they're better than everyone else and they don't sound prideful with their faith in Jesus which makes for an even more enjoyable listen. Once the album starts, You can't help but bob ya head [And maybe even get hype] to the cuts on this album. 
  From the gritty ''Before Redemption'' to the deep ''Testimony'' to the party-ready ''Gospel Gangsta Voyage'', This album has it all. Even the skits [Which there are plenty of] are all funny and very revealing. I bet if one were to blast ''Mobbin'' anywhere in california, I bet all the old school west coast rap fans there would get down instantly! The even more fascinating thing about this album is that this album could've easily been profane and extremely violent like the west coast rap that was coming out at the same time period, But this album is relatively clean [Unless you are offended by the n-word] and very fun as well as gangsta. In fact, This album is just as gangsta as the Death Row records albums that were coming out at the time! 
  ''Tears of A Black Man'' dares to go where much gospel rap albums wouldn't even dare go into: Racial issues. The song, Which is a Mr. Solo-only track, is very Public Enemy-like in terms of lyrics and is very realistic and it's a wonder the lyrics to this song was never considered a hip-hop quotable by The Source [''I got the mind, like the kind of Benjamin Bannicker/Still i'm only good enough to be a janitor/My pocket is void so i'm paranoid/I fed off thousands of that, Still i'm unemployed'']. 
  With its extremely catchy reggae hook, ''Tears Of A Black Man'' Reminds one of early conscious rap like KRS-ONE, Public Enemy, Brand Nubian, And X-Clan. If a few of these beats to these songs sound familiar, It's because a few of these beats were used by other west coast rappers [The beat to ''One Time'' was actually used by Ice Cube for ''How To Survive In South Central'', The beat to ''Vengeance Is Mine'' was used by Spice 1 for ''F'ed In The Game'', And the beat to ''Before Redemption'' was later slowed down and used by Snoop for a little-known song called ''Too Black'', Which appeared on the outtakes cd ''Dead Man Walkin''], 
  But these are all still hot songs today. These songs should've made some old school hip-hop compilations by now! No doubt in my mind that if this cd wasn't about finding Jesus, This cd would be honored alongside other west coast classics like The Chronic, Doggystyle, Straight Outta Compton, And Life Is Too Short. Much gospel rap before about 1997 was horrible [with the exceptions of these guys, Grits, And T-Bone], But this is actually one of the very few earlier gospel rap albums that's worth having today. While this is not really the first hardcore gospel rap album [That honor belongs to T-Bone's 1993 debut ''The Life Of A Hoodlum''], 
  It's definitely the greatest all-around gospel rap album to ever be released. For once, This is a gospel rap album that's actually a major force to be reckoned with and i would actually even take it a step further to say this is one of the best rap albums of the 1990's. I could see ''Before Redemption'' or even ''Y Can't Da Homiez Hear Me?'' being on the soundtrack to a movie like ''Menace II Society'' and that's surely something i will probably only say about this album. Is this the most spiritual gospel rap album out there? No. But if it's deep theology and lyrical bible studies you want, Go buy something from The Cross Movement. If it's a godly message mixed with tight funky old school G-funk beats that you're looking for, Buy this album. 
 Once you own this cd, You don't really need any other gospel rap cd's. I have yet to find a gospel rap album that's better than this one. The Gospel Gangstaz were never better on any of their other albums that followed this one.

Enjoy and please seed! 