 http://bayimg.com/caHoFAADH

Long Days Journey Into Night (TV 1987) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093432/

THE FIRST FEW MINUTES OF PART TWO ARE MISSING

Long Days Journey Into Night is a 1956 drama in four acts written by American playwright Eugene ONeill. The play is widely considered to be his masterwork. ONeill posthumously received the 1957 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work.

The action covers a fateful, heart-rending day from around 8:30 am to midnight, in August 1912 at the seaside Connecticut home of the Tyrones - the semi-autobiographical representations of ONeill himself, his older brother, and their parents at their home, Monte Cristo Cottage.

One theme of the play is addiction and the resulting dysfunction of the family. All three males are alcoholics and Mary is addicted to morphine. They all constantly conceal, blame, resent, regret, accuse and deny in an escalating cycle of conflict with occasional desperate and half-sincere attempts at affection, encouragement and consolation.

  Peter Gallagher  ...  Edmund Tyrone  
  Jack Lemmon  ...  James Tyrone Sr.  
  Bethel Leslie  ...  Mary Tyrone  
  Jodie Lynne McClintock  ...  Cathleen  
  Kevin Spacey  ...  James Jamie Tyrone Jr.  

IF theres one word said more often than any other in Eugene ONeills Long Days Journey Into Night, it must be fog. The fog in this play doesnt come on little cat feet; its arrival is predicted incessantly in the Connecticut summer home where the authors surrogate family, the four haunted Tyrones, will settle the scores of a lifetime during a single day in 1912. And once the fog has swallowed up the household, as with nightfall it must, it brings both sadness and peace to ONeills pitiful brood. The alcohol-fueled journey into the fog in Long Days Journey is a journey back through time. When the Tyrones finally accept that the past is the present, they can begin to forgive, if not forget, the betrayals of which their tragic history is made. 

As the fog of Long Days Journey has a swirling movement, so does its dramatic structure. The play repeats its cycles of recriminations, confessions and apologies, gathering more force with each round. But in director Jonathan Millers startling production, the authors rhythms are deliberately broken. Theres little fogbound about this fast-paced Long Days Jouks in at three hours A diligent cast led by Jack Lemmon as the Tyrone father, James, gives us a family prone to flash floods of bickering in which the loudest antagonist drowns out the others. Were not slowly enveloped by the Tyrones past so much as yanked there in fits and starts. 

In director Jonathan Miller's  Long Days Journey, some lines are shouted down, others are trimmed and still others are rattled off so quickly that the mother, Mary, persuades us that her morphine addiction produces symptoms often associated with amphetamines. Theres a case to be made for Mr. Millers experiment. The greatest play in our dramatic literature has become an icon that theatergoers cant always visit innocently anymore. This director wants us to see the work fresh, as if it and its autobiographical characters had no history, and, to an extent, he succeeds. 

Indeed, the Robert Altman-style bursts of overlapping dialogue are so cleverly done that we are at first more conscious of the theatrical technique than of the characters. After the novelty wears off, we realize that Mr. Miller is forcing us to listen to the lines as a familys animated conversation rather than as portentous signals of impending doom in a Great American Tragedy. This is how relatives might converse if, as the youngest son, Edmund, puts it, theyre regurgitating old grievances theyve all heard a million times before. A burden is lifted from some of the trivial exchanges, at times with the dividend of found laughter. But when the major monologues and confrontations arrive, Mr. Miller is no fool; he puts on the brakes. 

This is particularly true in the second, when the production achieves its instances of raw power. Mr. Lemmon - his voice fading into a low rumble as his body sinks defeatedly into a couch - is affecting as he bitterly rues the financially lucrative role that sapped Tyrones promise as an actor. Bethel Leslie, as Mary, retrieves the mad mothers girlish naivete in her long soliloquy, recalling how the young James wooed her away from convent propriety. Peter Gallaghers Edmund gives us the poet as well as the consumptive; his intelligence and sensitivity flare so dangerously in his big dark eyes that, in his nihilistic reveries of the sea, we see the birth of ONeill as an artist. Kevin Spaceys Jamie, his body contorted by booze, finally transcends his cynical sports bitchery to reach out tenderly to the younger sibling he wants both to love and destroy. 

Its a pleasure to report that Mr. Lemmon, a wonderful comic actor who turned to mush in the serious roles that followed the lachrymose Save the Tiger, is highly disciplined here. He creates Tyrone, the old ham, without being hammy himself. His mane of silver hair, whiskey voice and slightly stooped walk - not to mention his sense of humor - all serve the faded matinee idol well. But this star still cant quite bring himself to let an audience hate him, however transitorily. Although Mr. Lemmon illuminates the redemptive aspects of the father that ONeill finally forgave in this penultimate play, he neglects the balancing black side - the poisonous, stinking old miser whose pathological behavior helped prompt the rage and self-destruction the others now exhibit before us. 

Miss Leslie, whose ravaged Mary is exceptionally beautiful, is most effective when her eyes retreat in a junkies fear of self-disclosure, when her nervous hands clutch the cross around her neck, or when she is mothering the favored Edmund (even as she tries to torture him with guilt). Her failure to sound the deepest notes of despair in the loneliest of matriarchs may in part be a function of her voice, which is thin and narrowly nasal in range. Mr. Spaceys technically impressive Jamie can also lack depth, but Mr. Gallagher is, as usual, above reproach: Edmund has rarely seemed a fuller or, when acting out a fast-action precis of Macbeth, funnier character. 

Perhaps if Mr. Miller hadnt devoted so much energy to the tricky verbal logistics of his concept, he might have induced a more consistent pitch of passion from the entire cast. Its also possible that the concept could be more uniformly executed -Tony Straigess well-designed but somewhat abstract set is an arty obstacle to the plain naturalism of the cross talk - or that the concept is faulty. Long Days Journey, unlike the earlier Mourning Becomes Electra or Strange Interlude, does not carry the excess baggage of a writer straining for poetic grandeur. The circular repetitions and loquacity of the mature ONeill masterpieces may be as integral to their inexorable grip as pauses and reticence are to Becketts. 

The director seems to recognize that something is missing. Presumably to add emotional kick, theres some strategically placed table pounding in Acts I and II; each of the final two acts ends with Mr. Lemmons providing melodramatic vocal effusions not in the text. These retrograde interjections dont detract from the fascination of a provocative staging that genuinely shakes the dust off a theatrical monument. But in his desire to give us ONeill without tears, Mr. Miller has muted a work written in tears and blood. When this Long Days Journey ends, the night seems young not just because a long play runs shorter but because were still waiting for that dark, cathartic fog to roll in.  

