Cortina de Fumaça is an independent project, inspired by the aspiration to collaborate in the construction of a more balanced society based on freedom, diversity and tolerance principles.

It is a bold documentary about a polemic subject that should concern everybody and that needs to be honestly discussed. The drug policy in Brazil and worldwide, which is based on the prohibition of determined practices associated with certain substances, must be rethought because many of its direct consequences, such as violence and corruption, for instance, have reached unacceptable levels.

“The current drug repression policy model is firmly based on prejudices, fears and ideological views. The theme has become a taboo that inhibits its public discussion due to its identification with crime, thus hindering information and restricting drug users to closed circles, where they become even more susceptible to organized crime.” Latin American Commission Report on Drugs and Democracy (2009).

The 94-minute documentary contains information focused on the general public, through national and international statements. In addition to Brazil, director Rodrigo Mac Niven filmed in England, Spain, Holland, Switzerland, Argentina and United States; he also visited international fairs and congresses, hospitals, prisons and institutions, in order to talk with physicians, neuroscientists, psychiatrists, police officers, lawyers, court judges, researchers and civil movement representatives. Among the 34 interviewees, we had Brazil’s former president Fernando Henrique Cardoso; the Minister of the Supreme Court of Argentina, Raúl Zaffaroni; Spanish essayist and philosopher Antonio Escohotado, who is also the author of “General de Las Drogas”, Rio de Janeiro’s former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Jorge da Silva and criminalist Nilo Batista.

This movie broaches the relation between humans and psychoactive drugs; reveals the conflict between the current drug classification and scientific knowledge about these substances; discusses the particular situation of Cannabis, its industrial and medicinal use; reveals facts associated with the emergence of prohibitionist projects and addresses the social collapse that some cities, such as Rio de Janeiro, experience due to violence and corruption.

The film has been produced, written and directed by journalist Rodrigo Mac Niven, in a co-production between J.R. Mac Niven Produções and TVa2 Produções.

For the director, “we need to instigate people to rethink society, as it is constantly changing. People are not aware of fundamental information that determines a drug policy that directly interferes with their lives, freedom and safety. This policy ignores principles and universal rights of freedom and sovereignty. Many people are making profit from it, and society is the one who pays the price for not being able to see the seriousness of the lack of information”.