arilyn J. Davidson, Ronald J. Burke, "Women in Management Worldwide, 2nd Edition"
Gower | 2011-07-01 | ISBN: 0566089165 | 404 pages | PDF

'Excellent', 'Outstanding' and 'Inspirational' were words used to describe the highly acclaimed and award winning first edition of "Women in Management Worldwide". Edited by two of the world's most eminent researchers into the role of women in work and management, their findings from around the world confirmed that the glass ceiling was still firmly in place, and there were few women directors or CEOs of large corporations, indeed few in any posts at the top level of private sector organizations.


For the second edition of "Women in Management Worldwide: Progress and Prospects", Professors Davidson and Burke have assembled over 30 experts replete with facts, figures and analysis, to ensure this expanded and updated edition provides a genuinely cross-cultural global assessment of women in management. This important book examines what has and has not changed, and provides evidence that an understanding of the values, norms and cultural issues bearing on the progress or otherwise of women in organizations is becoming ever more necessary. There is a looming crisis in organizational leadership, with demographic factors and globalization leading to an international talent war. Against that background, continuing bias against women seeking leadership responsibilities means organizations are failing to develop available talent, and when corporations experience economic difficulties the consequences bear disproportionately on women managers. With findings from a broader and more representative range of countries, the editors have arranged this second edition country by country to enable comparisons of the data both between countries and regions and between past, present, and likely futures. Researchers, policy makers, legislators and officials needing an understanding of women's status and progress, as well as those teaching or studying international, cross-cultural and human resources management will need to read this book.