Director: Paul Ferrara , Frank Lisciandro
Documentary | Biography | Music
Video/image : 512 x 384
Audio: 192kbps Lame MP3
Video Compression: XVID
RunTime:38min
IMDb: hxxp://http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0196551/
RiPpeD by pHiLo

The Doors - Feast Of Friends

Late in March 1968 (the exact date is unknown) The Doors decided to film a documentary of their forthcoming tour. The idea may have come about because Bobby Neuwirth who was hired to hang out with Jim and try to direct his energies to more productive pursuits than drinking, produced a film, Not to Touch the Earth that utilized behind the scenes film of The Doors.

The band set up an initial budget of $20,000 for the project, and former UCLA film students Jim Morrison and Ray Manzarek hire film school friends Paul Ferrara as director of photography, Frank Lisciandro as editor, and Morrison friend Babe Hill as the sound recorder. The first show shot for what will be later named Feast of Friends was the April 13th show at the Santa Rosa Fairgrounds. Shooting of the film lasted for five months and captured the riots in Cleveland and the Singer Bowl. Filming culminated in Saratoga Springs, NY where, backstage Jim improvised his ode to Frederick Nietzsche.

After filming started, the concept grew and Feast of Friends was to incorporate fictional scenes (some version of HWY?). Problems started to arise. The live sound in parts were unusable so the decision was made to use the album cuts of Doors songs, and the budget grew by another $10,000 and the film still wasn’t finished. A decision was made by Ray, Robby and John to pull the plug on the film, but Paul Ferrara appealed to Jim and a compromise was worked out. The fictional scenes would be dropped and another $4,000 was added to the budget to complete the editing.

Feast of Friends was later accepted at five major film festivals including the Atlanta International Film Festival that Frank Lisciandro describes in An Hour For Magic. Other entries in the Atlanta Film Festival included George Lucas’ student film THX-1138 (in 1971 Lucas would make a feature length film of it), and Steven Speilberg’s Amblin’.

In later years the film was shelved missing the late 70’s midnight movie showings of rock films. In the 80’s with the advent of MTV Ray Manzarek started producing videos of Doors songs for showing on MTV and they relied heavily on the Feast of Friends footage. 
(i found this little review @ hxxp://xxx.jimmorrisonproject.com/blog/the-doors-decide-to-film-feast-of-friends.html, hope its of some use :>)

Enjoy :>}. pHiLo